2	What to do when you get to the airport WAY early AND your flight out of Vegas is delayed at least another thirty minutes?  Duh!  Drink, silly!Since this was on my way OUT of Sin City instead of on my way IN, I was no naive sap:Me: "How much is the Mangorita?" (drink prices are ODDLY not listed on the menu)Waiter: "One Mangorita."Me: "No.  How MUCH DOES IT COST?"Waiter: "$12"Me:  "That's what I thought.  I'll have a Mangorita, please."Hey, you expected me NOT to get it? Actually, for Vegas prices, this was quite reasonable (who would have imagined that food and drinks would be CHEAPER at the airport than in the city you're visiting?).  The Mangorita surprisingly tasted like REAL and FRESH mango instead of some artificial "mango" syrup.  It was blended and slightly sweet but not syrupy and served in a pint glass. Also, the waiter claimed it had a double shot of tequila and while I couldn't taste it, I sure as hell felt it.  Woo!  Drunk plane ride!  Yay!I also ordered the chicken chimichanga.  As someone who used to fry chimis professionally in high school (yay crappy part time job!), I wanted to go back to the kitchen and give the cook a little tutorial.  The size was good, but it was undercooked on the outside (although nice and hot inside) so while the ends were crispy, the middle of the outside was kind of doughy (bleh).  I slathered on the generous portion of guacamole to hide the icky texture because, as mentioned above, the Mangorita was starting to take over my body.  It was filled with plenty of shredded chicken but also with shredded lettuce.  Um, WILTED shredded lettuce.  Bleh again.The chips tasted like they came from a bag opened yesterday instead of being made on site. The salsa tasted like it may have been made last week by my mother who considers black pepper to be "too spicy" to add to her food. Triple bleh!One last bit of super USEFUL info: this is ONLY a good option if you've got PLENTY of time before your flight.  Our meal took over an HOUR.  The waiter came over, took our drink order, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back, took our food order, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with our drinks, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with our water, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with our food, said "right away" when I asked him to bring the check, disappeared for 10 minutes, brought the check, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back for the check, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with the receipt to sign.  I have no idea if he came back to pick up the signed receipt because we didn't wait around another 10 minutes.  I found this really weird for a restaurant in an airport. We were inside the "secure area" so it's not like we just stopped by for a nice lunch.  We had a plane to catch!
4	People bitch way too much in general, and specifically about air-travel.   Flights are late, TSA carry-on rules are a pain and some overworked and underpaid airline employees make no secret of their unhappiness. But none of that makes it less amazing that for a historically small amount of money you can be whisked to any location in the country (the world, for that matter), reliably, in complete safety (as of 9-29-07 US commercial aviation is batting one fatal accident in about 4.5 million departures) and at least relative comfort. There are a number of problems with bitching, but the biggest is that it leads to blindness. We overlook or dismiss lots of good things, big and small. Jose Cuervo Taquileria at McCarran Airport (Concourse C) in Las Vegas probably gets overlooked and dismissed a lot. And I think that's a shame. I've been there twice, and was impressed both times, though in very different waysFirst time I was making a connection (something in common between an airport and Yelp?), the place was full but my friend and I scored a table. The first thing the waitress said to us: 'kitchen is backed up. It could be 45 minutes to get your orders out. Is that OK?' It wasn't (couldn't wait), so we left. But I was impressed. That was someone who had her thinking cap on, was willing to be honest and by so doing saved everyone a lot of grief and aggravation.My second experience was more conventional, but equally customer-centric. For around $13 plus tip I got a generous sized and good (on a par with what I'd expect walking into a random San Francisco Tequileria) chicken  fajita burrito plate and large bottle of ice tea served by the the very friendly and efficient  Rachel. Chips and rice were fresh, beans were good, the fajita itself was well prepared. When I asked for Nutrasweet Rachel ran to Starbucks to acquire some. But more than the food, the tea, the Nutrasweet, the service,  I  got a small island of comfort and private space. The experience didn't change my life, but it made the trip more pleasant, and was well worth the price. I'll be back. Food: Three StarsService: Five StarsTotal Experience: Four StarsOther problem with bitching: it's bad for you. Check out this article http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20185446/wid/11915773
3	Well what could you possibly expect from a mexican restaurant brought to you by the folks who brought you Jose Cuervo tequila (One drink... and you'll never drink tequila again!)?  In the Las Vegas airport?  I mean- low expectations, right?  I thought the service was courteous and efficient.  They had chalula hot sauce on the table.  My chicken quesadilla was a good value for the money- which I believe is something I have never said about any meal I've ever eaten at an airport ever.  They have those cool Oaxacan animal sculptures as decoration.  It is what is, but it has got to be the best restaurant the "C" wing of McCarran airport has to offer.
1	Incidents of poor service are almost always simply an individual disgruntled employee, but I still believe they deserve to be called out.During a long flight delay, a few buddies & I went for some (rather tasty) Margaritas at the Tequileria. As we were ordering, our server, who for the purposes of this review will be known simply as "Mr. Chips", informed us that the margaritas we were ordering had "1800 premium tequila and Grand Mariner, because that's all we have". Slightly confused, we ordered said $13 margaritas and then asked if we could have a side of chips & salsa. Mr. Chips' response: "No, sorry, all we have on the menu are nachos, do you want nachos?" When we told him that nachos were too much food and that we just wanted a little thing of chips he said "sorry, can't do that, so you want the nachos?" and we were forced to call after him (he immediately started walking away) and tell him specifically NOT to get us nachos. When pressed later about the chips (after we saw another customer get a little thing of chips & salsa with his meal), Mr. Chips said "nope, this is a union job, can't break the rules" and still refused to sell us some lousy chips & salsa.We sat there incredulously drinking our margaritas until the ladies sitting next to us tried to do the exact same thing. We overheard them discussing how the nachos were too much and how they just wanted a small order of chips to go with their beer, and couldn't help but start laughing. They looked over at us shocked, and we explained how the same thing had happened to us! Turns out the chip stunt wasn't so funny to them, because it seems Mr. Chips had been berating them earlier for no apparent reason, calling their eye color ugly (brown like #&@#) and generally being antagonistic.Unfortunately our flight left too soon for us to see the manager ("they couldn't find her") so we were unable to witness the denouement of the chips saga, but please please try and find somewhere in Terminal C to patronize that isn't the Tequileria!
3	3.5 stars. I don't like to go against the grain...yes, this is a Mexican joint at the airport and I live in LA so I should know better, but I liked this place. 1-star? 2-stars? It wasn't that bad...May be I was being generous after a week of poor convention food I'd been eating, but my enchiladas verdes was nicely packaged and definitely hit the spot.Hey and this is leaps better than the nearby McDs etc.
1	Food was OK, but service hella sucked, all due to our waiter Jeffrey Hoth. If you ever go here, stay away from that fat, bald, lazy waste of air. I mean, 30 minutes to get a fucking Coke? Are you serious? And then another 30 minutes for our food. Then the guy had the nerve to hover around us as we ate so that he could get paid, as he was gonna go on break. Grr. Yuck. Bye.
4	Food is great!  Deducted 1 star for the tiny, plastic picnic utencils that came with the phenomenal shredded beef Chimichanga (mine) and chicken Tacos (husband).  We got lucky with waiter - quick with the draft Dos Equis red (clean, pure, brew - excellent!) Witnessed other servers being abrupt, indifferent, "water-cooler" chats at the cash register while folks waited.  GOOD NEWS is that frigging fantabulous CHIMICHANGA - it was awesome - hot, crispy, fresh, roast beef juicy - Husband mine LOVED the sizzling Dos Tacos - Lots of TV's with multiple shows going - including the people watching and banging music throbbing thruout - You'll be HAPPY to hunch into that airplane seat just for the silence!
3	The first time you see this place, you wonder what da' h is this place?  You recognize the name Jose Cuervo for tequila's, but then wonder if this "bar" even had real food or just happy hour crud.  They actually serve restaurant styled food minus the usual utensils made out of metal and ceramic plates.  Food was served on plastic plates, plastic cups, and plastic utensils.  This created a less than memorable experience, subtracts from it.   The food is decent but detracted by the plastic experience.  Most of the cocktails came in plastic cups.  The sodas came with free refills.  I ordered a margarita but was surprised by the bill which said there was a double shot of tequila.  I did not believe it at first because I did not taste any double alcohol in the margarita but as I got up to walk and then I realized there was a double shot.  The reason I came to this place was to look for an alternative to the airport fast food eateries like Burger King or Subway.  Got almost the full dine in experience.  This place looks to be usually packed, with servers taking on several tables at a time.  I've noticed it on a few flights out of Vegas. I don't think the food here is going to be outstanding to most people on their first visit.  I did not really appreciate this place knowing that there was still Alejandro's Tex Mex to be tried but after having tried both on separate occasions, I think Jose Cuervo Tequileria is the better place to go at the Vegas airport.
2	I think this is my first review with less than 3 stars... rough... but i must be honest... It was a lively eatery that caught my eye so I decided to give it a go since my flight was delayed. I ordered the Blue Corn chicken Quesadilla. It was... unsatisfying... the portion was large but I just didn't get the flavor... I also found it a a little odd that if you wanted your order taken you had to flag down someone that worked there that was zipping by. To be fair it was really busy inside..::Overall::.Blue corn Chicken Quesadilla - chicken was dry and didn't have much flavor... the guacamole was kinda bland as well....::Recommendation??::.Maybe the other dishes in the place are better... IMO i would have probably been happier getting a Jr Whopper w/cheese at Burger King haha
2	Service was slow...Food was blandHowever, drinks were priced decently and wine pour was generous
2	I'm feeling generous today, so I'll give two stars.  Probably closer to one.I was flying back to the LA area and hadn't eaten anything all day, so when I got to the airport with lots of time to kill, this was the first sit-down option available with a table.I ordered a coke with a taco salad with steak.  The coke was OK but crazy expensive ($3.60).  The salad came and had some scary looking steak in it.  I took a picture with my iPhone ,but haven't uploaded it to Yelp yet.  I will later.The flavor was rather bland.  The guacamole looked packaged and overall it wasn't very good.  The entire meal was kind of nasty.  I should have gone to burger king!Just say no to Jose Cuervo.
1	I'm a sucker, I've eaten here twice - the food isn't actually THAT bad - my chicken quesadilla was crisp, and the salsa fresh, but the service and the chaos in this place is pretty bad.  I actually sat at a dirty table for fifteen minutes waiting to be acknowledged while waitresses buzzed around me.  When I flagged one like, desparate to have my table cleaned and order, she said, "this isn't my table."  okaaaaaay.  the C gate area sucks for food choices, you either have fat-city specials like Pizza Gut, or this place.  mmm, what about a Nathan's hot dog??  that idea is free.
3	This place is just fine.  Face it: you've been drinking all day anyway, what the hell are you thinking eating at an airport!?  The tacos were good, the burrito was small and soulless.  $10 gets your a tall beer and a shot of anything.  Um, yes please!
2	food is good but the waiters are mean as heck though. $6 for a shirley temple!!!!
1	If you're hungry and stuck at the Airport, it's ok to eat here. But drinks are off the chart.  I had one margarita. I did not sense any Tequila in it, but I decided to let it go.  They charged me 12.95 for the damned thing!  The bill said 'DB Margarita.' I asked the waitress what that meant and she said, it's a double.  We only serve doubles...!Well there may have been the scent of tequila, but thats all. Either way, 12.95 was about 5 bucks too much.  Rip Off!Also, she didn't want to serve us coffee. Seems they don't want people hanging around the restaurant waiting for flights. But it wasn't that busy... No coffee after dinner? She actually said we should get it in the terminal!
3	Jose Cuervo wins by default because it has a monopoly on the airport as being one of perhaps two non-fast food options. This is like being the smartest kid on the short bus - not much of an accomplishment, right?Totally famished and spent after a few days of work, my co-worker and I were so happy to find an actual "restaurant" to sit and have a decent meal before our flights back to L.A. She was also looking forward to watching the Lakers game on one of their many TV's.Well, I ordered the enchilada plate with black beans/rice and had a mango margarita to help me unwind. The food reminded me of the crap you would get at El Torito or one of those places, and it was so salty. Since I was so incredibly hungry, it did the job. The margarita was pretty good. The bill was steep, though - about $45 each (including tip) for a meal and like two margaritas. Shoot, I spent less the last two days I was in town and I blew what I saved on food that blew.My co-worker and practically everyone in the place was totally irate because they had a hockey game playing on all the screens about 30 minutes into the Laker's play-off game. The poor servers had to deal with everyone's harassment and could only reply by saying they didn't have access to change the channel and that they already paged the manager to change it. Let me tell you, I left for my flight about 45-60 minutes after this charade, and they still didn't get the channel changed.Dear Jose:You are located in Vegas, NOT Canada. No one gives a shit about hockey here. We're in the playoffs for f**ks sake! I'm not even a Laker fan and even I have the sense to know this is bulls**t!Next time, invest in a REMOTE CONTROL - I'm sure your waiters/waitresses are competent enough to handle this sophisticated piece of hardware without your help!!Smooches,Joy B. on behalf of all of Laker fans stuck at the McCarran airport on 5/19/09.
3	We tried the place out before our flight on Sept 23, 2009 for brunch.  The food selection was okay, the drinks were better.  The server was very friendly and helpful.  The deco of the resturant was very cozy.  The place had TV screens with sports and news.
2	Hmmm, One Beer, Two Tacos, One diet soda, $20.51.  That pretty much says it all...yeah the food it okay, it's just pretty expensive for what it is...I know I know I'm a captive audience, like a rat in a cage they can charge me whatever they want, but $3.29 for a soda???  I should have stuck my head under the fountain at Burger King next door, maybe I'll try that next time.  If you don't need a beer skip this place and get a $5 slice of pizza at Sbarro.
2	It is the ONLY place in concourse C that looked halfway decent... and that's about the best thing that can be said of it. The food was okay, the portion reasonable (smaller than I'd have expected at a Mexican place, but frankly that is probably a good thing), prices not too bad. Of course, there is no metal silverware and the service is a step up from the TSA, but not exactly great.And while the beer and non-alcholoic drinks were a bit expensive, they DID offer me a $4 shot to go with my beer. So they've got that going for them...2.5 stars
4	I'm glad this place was an option while our flight was delayed this last week because of weather conditions. The LAS airport has a lot of choices ranging from overpriced subway, pizza hut, Wendy's, to popcorn. This place actually felt like I was paying for what it was. You seat yourself, the waitress was very quick even though the place was crazy packed due to everyone's flight being delayed.  Its nice to have the option of getting a margarita even though I stuck with water. Was able to watch sports center while waiting for the food which is a plus.  I ordered blue corn quesadilla.  It was very decent.  Lots of food for 10 bucks.  The service was quick.  Its right across from C14. I would come here if you want something beyond the overpriced fast food places.
2	The mission:  Acquire gluten-free, meat-free meal during one hour layover at LAS before connection to RNO.  The Trap: Tequileria.  I looked at the menu in the resturant and thought, "Sweet!  I can get nachos."  Corn chips, optional meat.  Score.  Think again.  I asked the bartender if I could place an order for take-out.  He directed me to the bastard stepchild restaurant outside of the restaurant, the Blue Burrito or Bad Burrito or something.  I went out there, asked if they did the same menu, and they didn't.  All meaty items w/ flour tortillas.  I went back into the restaurant to ask a server if they would do a quickie take-out order for me, and was quickly rebuffed.  Meat-free, gluten-free meal fail.  I had a banana and a bottle of water before boarding my connection to RNO.  Fail for rude service and limited take-out options.  I would rate food if they would have served it to me.
3	Grabbed some nachos before the trip home.  They were good not great not really even good but it was food in an airport so there! Waitress was super nice and efficient.  My husband broke a bottle of hot sauce and she didn't even care. Ha.  Place is crowded because people really don't want to sit at the gate.
1	No service. No rating. Ignored three separate times 10 minutes after I sat down. I travel out of Terminal C once a week. Now, folks who came in after me served fine.  Maybe I looked like a poor tipper......  Although I'm thirsty and hungry, willl not bother with this joint again.
3	Normally, I get a burrito from Blue Burrito then head over to my favorite watering hole, Corcoran's.  However, I didn't have much time this trip, so i stopped by Jose Cuervo Tequileria to have a beer and Blue Burrito.Food - This time I had their veggie burrito.  It was beans, rice, lettuce, tomato, sour cream, cheese, and guacamole.  They put way too much lettuce in this burrito.  Normally I have a steak or chicken burrito....but opted for the veggie.  While it tasted good, the lettuce drowned out the other flavors.Atmosphere - It's a fun bar to hang out at.  Plenty of seats and FREE Wifi.Will I return?  Yes, but probably won't order the veggie next time.
2	Horrible food.  I mean I wasnt expecting much, it was an airport restaurant, but I was extremely underwhelmed. I ordered the nachos, figured you really cant go wrong there.  I was wrong.  The meat was bland, chips were stale, cheese wasnt melted.  Overall it was blah!
2	HOLA! Greeted as if you were in "Mexico" Jose Cuervo's Tequileria tries to make you feel 'at home'here at the end of the C Terminal of the Las Vegas, McCarran Airport near Gate C16.Ironically (and with good reason since its Jose Cuervo's Restaurant), the tequila choices are limited to Jose Cuervo Tequilas...They play some good Spanish language music to put you in the mood to drink excessively and the food is extra tasty (meaning salty) to help induce thirst. What more can you expect to get in an airport in Las Vegas, Nevada. I ordered an "Asada" burrito with "steak" and got shredded beef, lettuce, cheese and salsa wrapped up in a warm tortilla. It is clear that their interpretation of Spanish words is questionable, but in the end, I was hungry and it was tasty (meaning salty) and had I been on a weekend long drinking binge in Sin City, I would have needed a burrito of this caliber to get me back to reality. Truly the one thing that doesn't stay in Vagas are the ailments (or diseases) which you acquire there.  I ordered something simple, a beer, and was coerced into buying a 4 dollar Cuervo Silver Tequila Shot. I got the shot pretty quick, and began to sip on it... but the beer took about 20 minutes due to "keg" issues. Understandable, but I didn't get any "we're sorry" discount - Whatever, how often will I ever be here?Overall, it's good if you have a two hour layover, in the Las Vegas McCarran Airport at Gate C16, but then, it's an airport and expecting an excellent restaurant with excellent service and selection is like asking for world peace: many will try, but it sure as hell will never happen. There is Wi-Fi available also if you want to catch up with your life while living your imaginary one in Vegas. And there is nothing more awesome than busting out your laptop and chatting with the world while enjoying a beer at the Las Vegas airport - I hear people really respect that. Beer + a shot + Tax and Tip = $15, I guess they never stop robbing you in this town. Burrito was $7 and about the size of a glorified spring roll.
4	Surprisingly good food. Had the machaca filled burrito w/shredded beef. Mrs had the chx fajita quesadilla. After 4 days in Vegas I felt awful and this place hit the spot. Nice servers.
3	Very "ok" spot to eat while waiting for your Southwest flight in Vegas. Probably a better option than Sbarro, Burger King, Popeye's or Wendy's. At least it is an attempt at "Fresh Mex."I got the Big Blu Burrito, which was rather small. But the chicken was surprisingly solid. It came filled with the chicken, black beans, rice, lettuce, guac and sour cream.  Buddy got the Chicken Taco Salad and also said it was surprisingly good.Again, this place isn't great - but it's easily the best option in this part of the airport. 3.25 stars.
2	Waiting for my plane and this was the only choice.  Jose Cuervo, not a fan.  As Matt stated, it's a bar in an airport.  Indeed.  Service sucked. Burned out humans.
3	An above-average airport spot.  I was there on National Margarita Day - 2/21 - Yay!  Only I had a beer, Rita's were a bit pricy.Any who -- I had a chopped salad & was able to sub pork al pastor for the grilled chicken.  Great call!  The Al pastor flavor was very nice & a great complement to the cilantro dressing on the chopped salad.Friendly service & easy in and out.  Best part was I could see my gate & was able to sit comfortably until they started boarding.
2	Service was good.  I choose a table on the outside of the restaurant so I could people watch while enjoying a snack and drink.  Prices are very high... so much that I regretted not just grabbing some trail mix and a soda from a concession stand.  Next time in LAS with time to kill I'll try a different spot.
1	Overpriced margaritas and can't buy chips & salsa unless you order an entree.  The waitstaff was the only thing good here.
4	This was ctually a very neat lil rest. in the airport...wifi.., food and cocktails...good service..and good food!
1	The worst Mexican food by far...go to Taco Bell if you want better food.
1	Cheerful service for an early Monday morning at the airport. Too bad the food is awful - beans, cheese, tortilla - how hard is that? (and expensive for what you get, too!) Better choice: a $5 banana & water fountain sip. Pass.
1	Terrible food. Its a total insult to mexican food. The place smells of wet mop year round. (I'm a flight attendant that walks by there at least 3 times a week.) The drinks are watered down and the alcohol in mixed drinks is of the cheapest quality. But for a town like Vegas where some people stay drunk throughout their visit this  might be the place for the indiscriminate bunch.
2	I needed a quick bite and stopped here.I had the chicken Blue Burrito, their specialty. It was shredded chicken, black beans, rice, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce and tomato in a flour tortilla. It was okay. It was actually very bland yet it was filling.The beer I washed it down with was actually better than the burrito. It's okay in a pinch but there are better places around.
4	Had an AM flight out of Vegas and got to the airport early. My girlfriend was hungry so we stopped in here for a breakfast burritto.  She had the steak which was bland and mediocre at best.  I had the works with choriza.  It was really good. Very surprised.  Was big enough to share  Coffee was pretty weak.  Waitress was nice and the service good.  If your in need of some breakfast eats I would give it a shot.
3	Pretty decent airport food with top notch service! Needed a spot to chill and get some work done before my flight, and got a gigantic Dos Equis and the Carnitas Smothered Burrito (at the suggestion of my awesome waitress). Hit the spot, got the work done, closed the deal. Not bad at all for a random vegas airport resto.
4	For airport food and drink, this place isn't bad.
2	This would be a 1 star place but I'm rating them in comparison to other airport spots so they get an extra star.  My flight got delayed and I was looking for a place to get a beer.  This was the closest option.  I sat at the bar and ordered the chicken quesadilla.  The tortilla was not fresh and there wasn't enough cheese in it.  Oddly, they don't serve chips and salsa so there's nothing really to snack on if you just want an appetizer.  Overall I'd say, get the tequila and a beer. Avoid everything else.
1	I had four hours to kill at the airport, so all I really wanted was a burrito and place to sit and eat it, so I went with Tequileria. Next time I know to go somewhere else. First of all, the waitress I initially had was a cranky older woman who kept yelling at patrons to get out of her way. Then, she came over to take my order, I proceeded to order the breakfast burrito because it was 11am... that's breakfast time in Vegas, right? Nope. She told me they were no longer serving breakfast and then quickly walked away. So I sat there for another 5 minutes waiting. She didn't even ask me what I wanted to drink. Then, a jovial gal (who I'm assuming is the manager) came over, apologized and took my order. I waited another 15 minutes or so for my chicken burrito. By this time I was starving. I dug right in and was totally disappointed with the quality of the chicken. Have you ever had canned chicken? That's what it tasted like. I finished it because I was too hungry to send it back. Bleh.
2	Has anyone else noticed that the menu conveniently OMITS the drink prices.  I figured a margarita would be an average price - NOT.  It cost $14 with tax - the same exact price as my food.  Obviously, intentional deception by the restaurant.  I ordered the shrimp enchiladas verdes.  Shockingly, they were good, but I could not eat the beans or rice - bleh.  The chips were also soft.  How does that happen?
3	Ate here while I was on a layover.  A great way to sample the whole Jose Cuervo line, including the 1800. Silver, and Reposado tequilas.  Even though the restaurant was in an airport and had a lot of people coming and going, I still felt relaxed and not rushed.The shrimp tacos came on two soft blue tortillas each and exceeded my expectations.  The main course was accompanied by a generous serving of black beans and a small serving of chips and salsa. My margarita on the rocks was very good!  I wanted to stay for another, but I had to jet.The service was friendly and I enjoyed my visit here.
1	Absolutely horrible food and experience. Weak drinks, over salted everything, rubbery meat, slow service. If you are in desperate need of an alcoholic drink, then buy it here.  But, go to Burger King next door if you're hungry.
1	Okay....your restaurant is in an airport.  If someone is sitting at a table, odds are they could be waiting for someone else who they're traveling with.  Hence, the following greeting may be deemed as inappropriate:"Excuse me sir, the tables are for patrons only.  Do you plan on ordering anything?""Yes, 75 year old smoker's cough raspy voiced bad makeup lady.  I will have a water while I wait for my colleague to arrive."Then the oversized bookmark that is your menu, with 8 items to choose from.  At least making a choice of what to order wasn't too difficult.  Light lunch sounds good, so I choose the Southwest Chopped Chicken Salad.a) The 3 pieces of dry chewy chicken breast were "sliced".  Not so much chopped.b) Plastic utensils?  Really?  You charge $11.99 for a crappy salad and can't afford to pay someone minimum wage to load silverware into an automatic dishwasher?c) When 2 people dressed in business attire are having what appears to be a fairly involved discussion, it's rude to interrupt with "Can I bring you your check?", even though the paper plates are visibly empty.  You have 30 open tables.  You don't need to turn them over that quickly.  I know I sound like I'm expecting a lot from an airport restaurant, but step up your game a little.  Next time I'll just get my 5 hour old slice of pizza from Sbarro and at least get a smile from the cashier.
2	$7 for a 2oz container of guac with chips. Don't ask the rude bartender for a water refill he will tell you to get it yourself.  Guess he thinks there is no tip in getting a customer a refill on water when the servers are really busy.Food was good but don't be in a hurry.  There was not enough staff on duty to meet demand.
1	I stood by the entrance for about 5 minutes until one of the servers who passed by multiple times finally said "Seat yourself!" So I did, and I wasn't in a big rush so I waited patiently.... Ten minutes later I was brought a menu but not asked if I wanted a drink or anything, so I got to wait another few minutes.. A lady came and took my order, I was relieved, about 5 minutes passed and I got my drink, which was weak, but hey, I'm thirsty.. It seemed like forever for my food to come out, and when it did, I had already completely finished 2 drinks. The food was ok, definitely not something I would go back for, I was thinking come on, Jose Cuervo, should be somewhat decent Mexican food, right?? Wrong!! I had the shrimp enchiladas, very bland.. All that and the service sucked, so bad I would rank it in the all time low of lows.. Overall, terrible service, bland food and weak drinks...  Yuck!
3	Slow service, but the food was not bad for airport food. I had their pork burrito. Not the best burrito ever, but it was certainly better than the fast food options in the terminal.The food is typically overpriced for airport food.
1	This is one of the worst American Mexican joints that I have ever eaten at  Even the name sounds horrible.  Tequileria, really?  Rhymes with diarrhea.  Food is on par with Taco Bell but at full restaurant prices, cant say anything about their margaritas since I didn't get any drinks but their food is just terrible!  The staff here is so un-motivated that when we sat down there were 3 tables by us that needed to be bussed and they didn't come by to clean them until we were done eating.  We were there for 2 hours......Stay away...stay away.
2	Food was edible. The two top shelf margaritas on the rocks I ordered weren't drinkable. Sweet, watery liquid without salt on the rim. Don't waste your time with them unless you're the type that likes frozen margaritas. Hint: Margie's require tequila and Lime. Everything else is optional.
2	Definitely an airport restaurant - no mistaking that! I got the Shrimp Tacos and we shared the Nachos with Pork. The Nachos were better than I had anticipated, but the Shrimp Tacos were just plain silly - they came with some sort of pathetic 1000 Island dressing trying to cop a Chipotle accent. Stop it!
1	Avoid this place at all costs. Waitress actually yelled at us at noon on 2/16/12 when we tried to ask if it was "seat yourself"... There was no sign saying " please wait to be seated" .She didn't even look up from what she was doing with the forks she had at her station.. A second waitress approached us and then told us it it was open seating. Searched all over to find a table but could only find one that was literally piled upon with dirty dishes and money from a previous customer. We stood several minutes while one waitress circled around the table several times, and she finally stopped long enough to pick up the money and tell us that we could sit if we wanted but it would be a while before she could clean the table. We then watched her walk away and pick up menus and other items, leaving us to continue to stand there. So... We left and went next door to Burger King; not what we wanted but we were waited on and not treated rudely!
1	AWFUL!I sent my margarita back twice and finally settled on water. I ordered some mediocre nachos, paid my bill and caught my flight. A few days later, my bank statement included one bill for the nachos, and then the waitress, without informing me, charged the 2 margaritas that i sent back to my card, as well, but on a separate bill. How deceitful! Definitely regret my experience here.
1	Awful food with very slow service.
3	I'm going to be nice to this place because it is a regular haunt for me when I fly SWA through LAS since it is central to most of the gates in their terminal. I have always grabbed a seat at the bar and I have always found the bartenders there to be very nice. I see a lot of complaints about the waiters and that may be true... just one more reason to put your butt in that bar stool by the taps.Let's get one thing straight first, this is *airport* food so your expectations for quality should be lowered and prices should be raised... no matter what. I grabbed a Subway sandwich in an airport once. $8.99 for a turkey sub that is $5 down the road from my house. So, yes, you will spend $10 on a beer or wine and it will be as large as a $4 pour at home. I don't like it either, but it is what it is when you're traveling. Don't want to pay high prices for standard grub? Pack a bag lunch.Food here is OK for standard mexican stuff. The guac comes as a side for some dishes and I think that's more worth it than ordering that straight up as an appetizer. I usually stay away from the fried dishes, so I have had quesadillas and tacos there without being disappointed once.You can get your drinks to go and they sometimes open up the very end of the bar for to-go drinks only... nice to be able to just walk around people watching with a brew between flights to kill time if you ask me.
1	Do not eat here. Arrived to dirty tables, I chose the cleanest one. When the server finally came over, she didn't say hello or even acknowledge my existence, just started cleaning the table...but only the part I was sitting in front of, she left the rest dirty. Seriously, I took a picture. The girl finished wiping and said, "so you wanna drink or something?" I ordered a beer, but she spun and walked off before I could order an app! Over her shoulder she said, have your ID out when I get back. The menus were nasty and torn up. When she brought the beer i ordered shrimp tacos and some chips and salsa. She said the dish comes with some chips. I said can i have them now, with my beer? She said well would you like to order a basket instead? Seriously...isnt that what i asked for the first time? So the chip basket comes with like 4 or 5 mini cups of pico de giao stacked on top...again she runs off before I can question her. Finally I'm able to ask for salsa. "We don't have salsa, just pico." Why didn't you say that when I ordered it! "I figured most people know." this is an airport bar, do you really have regulars?! The food was meh. The menu doesn't show alcohol prices cause they are all exuberant...$9 for a single beer!!!!First time in many years I've given no tip...and I sat there taking up a table while writing this, just to be an ass.
1	Stuck in the Vegas airport for a layover and was hoping to grab a bite to eat. Made the mistake of choosing this place (although there really isn't much of a choice at the airport). Ordered the Blue Burrito. Although it wasn't the worst Mexican food I've ever had, it would probably rank second worst. Really salty chicken with no other spice to it. The Pico de Gallo was OK, but that's the only thing on the plate that was tolerable.I probably would have had a better meal if I squeezed some ketchup packets on napkins and ate that instead.
1	Have a margarita here but don't eat food. My margarita wasn't bad, but all I ordered were chips and NO salsa...seriously? I dumped Cholula all over my stale chips. My total came to over $18. FAIL.
1	NO!!! omg... wish i'd eaten at the burger king next door (and i hate fast food!)  this place is just awful.  worst margarita i've ever had.  we ended up sending them back. disgusting.  food was a low level of mediocre.  service was as bad as the drink.  i hate when people say it's "airport" food, so you should have low expectations.  that's nonsense.  i've eaten plenty of airport food, and some of it is excellent. in fact, some of my favorite places to eat are in airports. location has nothing to do with quality, and having a restaurant in an airport is NOT an excuse for garbage food and bad service.  this place stinks. period.
4	Again, I am not reviewing for the food but the bar.My server was Melissa and she was extremely nice and friendly!I stayed here for just an hour and she remembered my name! She said good bye to me when I left and made me feel welcome.I will def.  be back next year when I am in town!
1	Let's see Burger King or this place ?The server option won out. I lost. I always rate food by whether or not I could tell what it was if I was blindfolded. Trust me with the food here there is no way you would ever guess. My eggs were more like, those were eggs? I still don't know what the pasty thing in the middle of my eggs was. My guess is they would say it's cheese my guess was it was wadded up wet paper. I'll admit that the bacon was bacon flavored but it was definitely more like bacon flavored pasta. I think my favorite part of the meal though was the service. 3 x they brought out my order. Trust me I wish I hadn't been served it the once I paid for. Then of course when you're ready to leave you can't find your server. I asked another server if she could get our check and she actually yelled at me because she wasn't.
1	Stopped on our way to the gate as a margarita looked appealing. However, we should've trusted our instinct and left upon entering.  The manager was standing at the back of the restaurant telling people the section was closed only after they were seated.  She could have just as easily tied the area off with the available section ties. After sitting down the waiter was constantly rude and impolite.  After bringing waters he asked what we wanted to order and before we could begin he started walking away from the table.  It took 2x to get him our drink and food orders.  Subsequent requests for more water were blatantly ignored.  The margarita which arrived about 15 minutes in was somewhat decent but over priced (there were no drink prices on any of the menus and most food lacked prices as well).When our food came our stomachs turned at a stale, cardboard, food gone bad smell.  We choked down two of the blue corn chicken quesadillas to much dismay.  The guacamole was bland and flavorless. The chips were stale. The only decent item on our plate was the pico de gallo.We tried to stop the waiter 3 times to tell him the food was horrible. Twice he replied ok and did nothing but walk by our table.  The third time we finally had his attention we told him the meal was horrible and he asked if we wanted anything else quite belligerently to which we said no.  He offered no resolution then disappeared for 15 more minutes. He did not once offer to discount our meal or offer a solution.   Upon returning to our table I clearly stated that I would not be paying for the food which he begrudgingly accepted, scoffed. ran our receipt and returned it to our table as if we had inconvenienced him.As we left we received angry glares from the rest of the staff and heard him complain to another customer about our table.  My stomach hurt and my wife became physically ill about half hour after eating.  When we returned to get a copy of the receipt we asked them to check their chicken and they didn't seem to care. My recommendation as a consumer is to avoid this place at all costs. A week old, refrigerated, wrapped sandwich from 7Eleven would provide more satisfaction than anything this restaurant has to offer.  To the Jose Cuervo corporate folk I would recommend retraining your employees, closing the store completely, or rehiring friendly people who know the meaning of service.This place definitely leaves a bad taste in the back of your throat and tarnishes the Jose Cuervo brand.
2	Yes, it's in a airport, but that doesn't mean the food has to be mediocre. I almost walked out because the server wasn't coming around, but I had time before my flight so I stayed put. The drinks are weak and over priced. A plain marg ran $12 and most food was $8-15.
2	I can't believe how early they close.  It's 9. On a Thursday.  In VEGAS. Carnitas quesadilla was good.  Service was surly to others once the back section was being closed and all newcomers had to be chased out.  There must be a better way to do that.  Some rope and stanchions, or a sign perhaps?
1	Food was awful.... totally tasteless. The server we had was terrible. And.... we just looked at our credit card statement.... they have added $1.00 to our tip. Obviously not worth disputing, but if they are doing this to everyone, knowing that it isn't worth disputing, just think of how much money they are making in extra tips. Believe me, the $10 we left the server on our $62.00 bill was well more than she deserved in the first place! AVOID THIS PLACE. Go grab a burger, you will be better off!
2	I am not a fan of airport restaurants, and this place will not change that. The food and drinks are average. I really do not like the fact that this place is NOT kid friendly. This airport location was a connection for me and my family and during the layover; my wife and I ate here but I had to buy food at the next door Burger King and Sbarro for my three kids. It was cool that they allowed us to bring in this food (our server agreed they are not kid friendly) and that is good or otherwise we would have just walked out. It's not that my kids do not like Mexican food, there is only a chicken quesadilla that would qualify as kid-food and $13 is an outrageous price to pay for the size (yes airport food is always too high).I would come back here to eat...not a whole lot of other options without walking to another place in the airport....and no airport food is worth that.
2	The Tequileria in Terminal C is NOT, I repeat, NOT a good place to go if you have a plane to catch. If, however, you're delayed or really early, you will be able to kill a ton of time here because the service is exceptionally SLOOOOOWMy server last week was in a world of her own, totally going through the motions, and clearly would rather be somewhere else. The food is not bad and they only serve Cuervo tequilas, but at least they do offer some other liquor and beer choicesWith not many other restaurants available and a captive audience, this place is what it is and likely will never change, but Burger King and Sbarro don't serve beer
1	This place just sucks ill take taco bell over this place and margaritas were horrible just tastes like margarita mix not to mention the prices for the margs were outrageous but then again what do you expect for airport food?
5	Excellent experience, definitely beyond expectations.  This was largely due to my server, Vikki, who's timing was better than many an upscale restaurant I've visited!  She suggested a cocktail upon her introduction, an expected upsell in an establishment like this.  When I requested water with no ice and lemon she showed no disappointment and had it on my table in less than a minute.  Before it was half empty, there was another waiting on the table for me.  I ordered a carnitas breakfast burrito, which came out very quickly and was certainly tasty!  The salsa served with the dish was very mild, but there's a bottle of Cholula on every table so heat may be added to taste.  The check came at the perfect time, when I was almost finished with my meal.  Even after paying my bill and leaving tip, Vikki came by asking if I'd like more water - a rarity in my experience.  Highly recommended!!
2	Food is marginal and overpriced. Stick to the drinks...
4	This is a great place to relax while waiting for a flight. It's so good that in fact, once I lost track of time and missed my flight!! If I'm in Termnial C, this is my go-to if I have to wait for over an hour. If you're short on time, be aware, service can be slow, so let your server know from the get-go you're in a rush.The food is pretty gosh darn good for an airport. They have blue corn tacos, and there are some smaller, lighter plates if you want to eat healtier and actually take the time to read the menu. And of course, Jose Cuervo is in the name. 'Nuff said.
4	Not too shabby for airport food. Very tasty carnitas burrito, excellent black beans, standard rice. Few chips and pico de gallo instead of the usual salsa. $9 for a beer? (what part of AIRPORT did you fail to comprehend?) I agree with the comments about speed of service, but that might get fixed if you tell your server when your boarding time is.
3	Very busy. Pricey... $14 for a margarita ...that wasnt the greatest. Food is ok... I wouldnt call it authentic.... place was packed grab a seat when you can...even if it is dirty.
2	Why oh why am I here again?  Oh right.  Getting to the airport three hours early doesn't leave a whole lot of options for a place to sit down and have a drink in this part of the terminal.  Actually, this is it for alcohol, and yeah, the service is still surly.
1	This restaurant is a rip off.  $10 for a beer?!?!!!$10.00 for a burrito?  It was not worth it flavor wise, size wise, value wise.The service was good, they just need to have a heart machine for when they bring the bill.
3	Good place to chill if you have a 2 hour delay. I actually met up with my sister here (she was leaving from Terminal C and I was at Terminal B). It is a far walk from Terminal B so get ready to get your exercise on. The service was pretty good. Our waitress was very nice and efficient. It was about an hour before closing time and she did tell us when they were closing but wasn't pushy about it. We ordered the Baja Shrimp Tacos and the Southwest Chicken Chopped Salad. Both were pretty good. Could've also been because we were starving from traveling all day...this was our stopover destination. If you have time, I definitely recommend sitting down and ordering food versus buying a sandwich from one of the convenience stores...those sandwiches were dry and flavorless. Not sure if I would ever have a chance to come back here but it's not as bad as I thought it would be.
1	Slow, Slow, Slow. This place doesn't depend on repeat customers so their service sucks!!  Rude with a "I don't give a crap" attitude. Not many choices so they exploit the "captive audience" with way over priced food for the quality served.
3	I read all the reviews on how horrible the service is here, but I didn't have that experience on my stop here.  I was here with a group of 6 waiting for a flight, and our food orders seriously came out in less than 5 minutes. Although that gets you a plus for service, it makes sense that the food was pre-prepped in large quantities.  I had their pork carnitas burrito, and it did what it needed to do, no more, no less.  Average food at airport prices (about $11 for a burrito).So - So.
3	Decent Mexican food for an airport.  We arrived late, around 9:30, closing time was 10:00, but our server was pleasant and friendly.  I had the green chili pork burrito, and well, I could barely taste the green chili.  The salsa was decent.  The beans and rice I left mostly untouched.  Like I said, if you stuck in an airport after many delays and need a bite, this will suffice.
1	There is not a lot to choose from in this terminal. You are forced to eat here essentially. And apparently you are forced to eat tortilla chips and pay for them. It's the principal of it. If you give me chips I assume they are free. A small grievance but after a week of excess and freebies in Vegas this is a let down. The margaritas are not great. The service isn't anything to write home about. Just suck it up alongside your fellow travelers and wait for your flight. You should just be happy you made it through security.
2	Not a bad place, but really pricey (even for an airport). I had a margarita and a shrimp taco plate with about 1/4 cup of rice and 1/4 cup of black beans. The shrimp tacos were ok, with melted cheese and a little bit of cabbage. But they definitely left me wanting something. The margarita was good, but not very strong for the price I paid. I would have probably rathered have a glass of wine or a beer. Not a bad place to have a meal, but not great either.
4	Server Michelle rocked it out for our group. A great way to end our Vegas seminar weekend.Good food and zesty Margaritas . . . Lovin' this.
2	I had 2 and a half hours to kill so I'm glad that the airport had a bar with draft beer.  The food didn't look too great-- the person next to me was eating tacos but it had a weird smell to it.. like old meat.  I'm glad I wasn't hungry.. haha.  I sat at the bar, which was pretty full and ordered a few Draft Stella's.  The beer was good and the bartender was nice.  He informed me that we are allowed to walk around with our beers in the airport terminal which was awesome.  I had the bartender put my last beer in a plastic cup so I could walk around.  Each beer was about $9, kinda pricey but it's an airport so I wasn't trippin.
4	Glad I did not read the reviews first.   The food is very good, no one pushed chips and salsa, in fact, Vicki, our waitress was great.   The portions are huge, and food was very flavorful, so I think it is a much better alternative to the fast food offered at other places in the terminal.   Yes, like every restaurant in every airport, it is crowded and the service is hectic, but, we liked it.
1	I had such a pleasant week in Vegas and stopping in this place for a last Vegas drink was just a mistake. I've had the shittiest service here ever. It is THAT BAD. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar and after a few minutes the bartender asked for his order and didn't bother to ask for mine. She didn't even look at me. As she was preparing his drink, I said loud enough "I'd like to also order something...I'm with him" and she completely ignored me. She was right in front of me! Maybe she wasn't paying attention but hello....I'm in your section siting here and didn't even acknowledge me? Wow! I had to order from a bar back and she had to tell the other bartender at the end of the bar to make my drink. The spicy mango Marguerita I ordered tasted like straight syrup. Nasty. Do yourself a favor and do not come here if this is how you want your last memories of Vegas to be. Absolutely horrible. Thanks for a crappy experience.
2	If you are stuck in terminal C, this is your only real sit down option outside of the modest food court. When the waitress asks you if you want some drinks, say yes because you are going to be waiting a while. The service is slow and harried, as this place is definitely a "turn and burn" restaurant, your seat will still be warm when you go to sit down. We ordered three taco salads, something that should be expedited, but even those took a little while.The trick at McCarran if you want some real dining options is to take the shuttle to the baggage claim terminal and convince a TSA person to let you go across to the tram to the new Terminal 3 without having to go back through the checkpoint. That, however, can be time consuming. So if your time is limited, your options might be limited to this place if you want sit down service.
4	Our flight was delayed flying out of the Las Vegas airport so we were stuck at the airport for almost three hours. I got quite hungry and made my rounds to all the food places to eat but nothing seemed appetizing...when I came to this PACKED place, this is where I wanted to eat-plus it was right next to our terminal C14..I ordered the nachos with carnitas and let me tell you, for a minute , I forgot I was at the airport...MYFOOD WAS SO YUMMY - Great service too , thanks Angelina !!! Great way to end our vacation :-)
2	I'm super jealous as I sit inside Tequileria....I'm jealous of the patrons behind me that got a better waitress,I'm jealous of all the people that got breakfast before they made it to the airport,I'm even jealous of the peeps eating Burger King for breakfast.Bottom line, take your money elsewhere is you are deciding what to eat when you're in Gate C. First of all, the service was not good at all. No smiles, no hello's, and I even witnessed the more timid customers wait forever for their checks.  When you finally get service, make sure to order everything at once. I'm talking about your refills, extra sides, extra napkins, etc. This is a must since it's almost impossible to get your server's attention here. Eye contact, the finger wave, and "excuse me" just doesn't fly here.  I also think the servers have their invisible ear plugs and blinders on.  Or, i just have my invisible cloak on.  Whatever the reason, the service is just not what they preach here. However, service does improve when your check arrives.  My thoughts, it must be tip time. As for the food, it's just okay. The food looks better than it tasted. I got their Chicken Chipotle Torta with Chips.  This chicken sandwich was fine, but I decided to eat it bland with nothing on it. No taste, just your average chicken breast for about $10. I also finished all 5 pieces of their tortilla chips that they gave me as a side.  Overall, just okay food with poor services equals 2 Stars in my book.
4	***Confession: I love tequila but have never been a Jose Cuervo fan.***A few weeks ago I was stuck in the Southwest terminal @ McCarran Airport on a 5-hour layover & needed something to eat and drink (of course). Even though I'm not big on Jose Cuervo, tequila sounded good so I decided to give it a try.I sat @ the bar & Raymond (AKA Raymundo on his nametag - LMAO) was my bartender/server. I had a really long time to kill (5 hours) so I figured I'd take my time deciding what I wanted to eat and drink. Everything on the food menu looked delicious & even though I was completely undecided, Raymundo was very patient with me. I finally ordered the taco salad w/ shrimp & it was absolutely delicious!As for the alcohol, I explained that I don't lie Jose Cuervo & Raymundo thought that was funny since I was in a Jose Cuervo Tequileria so that's all they serve. LOL Hey said the margaritas are good, affordable, & come w/2 shots of tequila. However, since I had so much time to kill, I decided to indulge in a couple of double shots of 1800 Silver over ice & it wasn't bad @ all. I actually just bought a bottle of Coconut flavored 1800 earlier today & it's delicious over ice! So I guess I do like Jose Cuervo @ times. LOLThere seems to be mixed reviews about the service. I had excellent service & since I was sitting at the bar, I found out that most of the people who work there are pretty hilarious! They were cracking jokes, making funny comments under their breaths, & acting up like I do with my co-workers. Seems like quite a few of them have been working there for a long time.Overall, I had delicious food, tasty tequila, & great service! I look forward to going back next time I'm hanging out in the Southwest terminal in LV.
3	Last meal before leaving Vegas...Self-seating. Takes awhile for the server to come greet, but I don't blame them with how disorganized this place is. However, our server was extremely friendly :)Ordered: Chicken Fajita Burrito (minus the chicken and cheese) - was decent. Definitely not an authentic Mexican burrito... but it did it's job and made me full as can be.$11 beers... what the redonkulous? Only in Vegas...
3	Ask for the price of beer if you're on a budget. I just bought a $10 Dos Equis. Lame. I've eaten here twice coming through this airport; the food is okay.
2	what else was i gonna do while waiting for my delayed flight??? for all that know me, you know i'd be getting a margarita.i guess it was ok. to me, it was a typical over priced airport joint.i got the $16 margarita! wow, $16!i sat at the bar and the bartender was pretty cool. i even got to see a little love (lust) connection developing next to me between 2 travelers. i probably wont be coming back here.oh well....
3	Airport bar.  What more to say.  No, it's not wonderful.  But who doesn't want a Corona and a shot of tequila while waiting to say adios to Las Vegas?  Let me be the first to tell you...you do.  We had some chips and dip too.  The guacamole was okay and the salsa had a nice kick!
1	slow service, even after told server we had a time constraint, salad was soggy, enchiladas were hastily thrown together.  Ugh.  A sandwich from the cooler would have been a better choice.
1	We all know airports are a bit pricey but this is pathetic. Stopped in for a needed drink and ordered a margarita assuming a Mexican place would know how to dish up a nice one - WRONG! I watched as he poured the same mix that you get at the grocery store into a glass with ice and dropped it in front of me - just a glass of cheap syrup... after A sip I asked politely if the bartender could give it a little more 'kick' with some tequila and he said "well I already put 3 shots in" (complete lie, I watched him make it). so I asked for a little more anyway. it still tasted cheap and bland but I just drank it and called for the check ... which was $24.99!!!! WTF really? for a cup of premix and a shot of tequila. this place is pathetic. If someone is willing to pay $25 for a drink the least you could do is make it a good one. I hate this place... DO NOT GO THERE it is bland menu food also (which i already knew from previous experience), but even worse drink menu. I was tempted to refute the tab but didn't want to create a fuss$14 for the glass of premix syrup + $8.99 for a (small) shot of tequila. I felt conned big time. this place cheats you with extreme rip off prices (even for airport standards). Even when I am on the business expense I will refuse to go back here.
2	For $13, I had a watery itty bitty banana margarita that was all sweet and no substance. My waitress was nice and the restaurant is pretty.
2	Not good. This place is seriously overpriced for the quality of food you get. I got a taco salad, and granted, it was filling, but it was not really very good; the lettuce was kind of wilty, the meat was chewy, and it made me feel quite ill later.
3	Short Story:Airport food...what can you expect?Long Story:Last meal before leaving Vegas.  My co-workers and I got 2 nacho dishes and some chips.  It was okay.  I mean, it's bar food.  It held me over until I landed in San Jose to go eat real food.  I have nothing against this place, I'm just saying it's really average.Verdict:Meh...
2	Came here because it was the only sit down restaurant I could find in be airport. Not the greatest food - it tastes like If Chevy's had a fast food company that was completely packaged. Seriously, very bland. I would say come here for the drinks, but I ordered one Mimosa without asking how much it was and it was more than the two meals we got combined - $16.00.The service is friendly and the restaurant is clean so that's really how this place earned its stars. I would skip this place unless you really want the restaurant feel while waiting for your flight. If you just want a bite to eat, you might want to consider another eatery.
1	Disclaimer: this is a service-related review only. Didn't get to try their food. An extremely cranky server barked at myself and another woman at the table next to me (after we waited patiently for 20 minutes to be acknowledged) that it was going to be a 'really long time' before she'd get to us and another 30 minutes at least to get our order. It was the way she said it, so crazy rude I was taken aback, she basically yelled at us. The wait I didn't mind, but was too damn tired for that miserable surly attitude so I promptly walked out.
1	Worst restaurant experience I've had in 33 years, even taking into consideration that it's just an airport restaurant.  The food is painfully mediocre, but the worst part is that the drink prices are flat out offensive.  Prices aren't listed on the drink menu, of course, but I don't have a problem paying $8 or $9 for a basic drink.  I ordered the house margarita, only to discover on the bill that it was over $15.  The waitress told us she wasn't "allowed" to mention the price when people ordered.  The brusque, rude, manager told us flatly she had no discretion and couldn't help us.  I've never, ever, heard of a restaurant manager who didn't have authority to fix bills when problems came up.  Either she was lying, or Jose Cuervo is an unethical company that goes out of its way to not list drink prices, forbid waitresses from mentioning prices (the fact the waiters have to be told this is proof there's a problem), and deny managers any authority, just so they can wrangle $15 out of travellers for a sugary, sub-par margarita.
1	DON'T ORDER THEIR DRINKS!!!!A basic house margarita at this place costs $15.18 and there are no prices on the menu.  We were shocked when we received the bill and were told that this was indeed the standard price and not a mistake.  After complaining to the supervisor about their unethical practices she was ambivalent and basically told me she was powerless to make it right and to talk to call the corporate office to complain.  I feel sorry for the nice waitress or anyone else working here as they are forbidden "by restaurant policy" to warn customers who don't ask about the price of a standard drink.
2	This place has a great vibe. One major major problem  !!! They only have fake non 100% agave tequila - #josecuervo Brandi was a nice waitress but not very understanding on us and how we feel. This is not a real Mexican restaurant so don't come here unless u want sub par food n fake tequila. Service is nice though! So expect to feel all warm n fuzzy inside n they got sports on!!  Ughhh so I'm gonna give it 2 stars. I'm feeling nice
2	Not great, but it is an airport.
3	If you have a lot of time to kill in Terminal C of Las Vegas airport and are hungry, this is a decent place to go.  Okay food, good drinks, nice seating.  Something other than the airport's version of fast food.
2	Stopped by for some Nachos that I have been craving for a while and I had a few hours to burn in the airport.  Price was not bad compared to the other places in the C terminal.  Popeyes chicken was 10 bucks for a three piece meal so I my pulled pork nachos weren't that far off.  I ordered them and they came pretty quick.  The order was huge, with two types of salsa on the side.  If I ordered meatless Nachos I would say this is a 3 star meal, but the nachos came with about 2 tablespoons of pork.  I literally had to search my plate at first for any signs of meat.  Also, might be coincidence, but within 15 minutes of finishing and paying for meal I had to make an emergency run to the restroom.  One time shot, but it certainly did not agree with me.  Next time might try Popeyes!
1	One star is being generous.  For a restaurant operating at an airport, to wait 45 minutes for a salad is unacceptable.  Not only that, we asked for margaritas with no salt and got salt.  So yourself a favor an stay away.
4	We all have bad experiences with airport food, so no expectation at all, five of us went inside the restaurant because we had no choice, basically we were hungry and waiting for the connecting flight.We ordered Chicken Enchiladas, Burrito, Quesadilla, chips and salsa, along with a few other drinks. To our pleasant surprise, everything was palatable. The presentation was neat, service was friendly and the food was delectable.All of us liked whatever we ordered. And we all shared the sentiment that is it unlikely of the food that we get from other restaurants in airports.
1	This place has the worst service ever.  The servers have the worst attitudes. Throwing the food o the table. I get having a bad day but our server should be fired.  I always tip - always.  Not this time.  Go anywhere else at McCarren airport. Anywhere else.  I don't even want to give a star. They suck and are completely disorganized.  Poor poor management.
2	My friend and I were coming back from a business trip and had a 2 hour layover in the Vegas airport. We decided to grab some dinner. Service was a little weird. I ordered a quesadilla to share with my friend and a burrito for my entree. The waiter looks at me and ask you gonna eat all that?  I wanted to say on second thought No. We are leaving. Should have as he food was not very good either. Next time I need something to eat in the Vegas airport I won't be going there.
1	Worst, slowest service I've ever had. God I hate Vegas. Dirty and mediocre everywhere but this is rock bottom. Breakfast  chorizo burrito was ok. Everything else was garbage.
3	What can you say about airport eateries that hasn't already been said...about most cars made in the 1990's. Non are really "that bad" but you never really want to take your date in one. Most try hard, but none really tend to hit that 4th star.This review is more for the staff here at the Jose Cuervo Tequileria..but the food deserves honorable mention as well. I was here waiting for a flight home last week and my partner and I needed a sit down meal pretty badly. We found two of the few open seats here in the eatery and grabbed them... however on the way in we were spying a few seats in the "outside" area...only to hear the waitress comment to us that we "shouldn't sit down and expect quick service" as she "couldn't handle the tables" she "already had". Not a good omen...but we ventured forward grabbing a small table inside.Now yes...the place was packed, but the waitress that we had greeted us fairly quickly, indeed mentioning that she were very busy but she would get us some drinks and food as fast as possible. I also overheard a woman sitting at the table next to us complaining to several staff, and patrons that walked in...about the service, the manager etc..even instructing people walking by to "please not eat here".  The waitress that she spoke to also happened to be helping us....and I must say the waitress handled it well.Yes, out food and drinks took a bit longer than we perhaps should have...the food wasn't 5 star... but I gotta say the nachos we both had were exactly what was needed. And the beer was cold.
2	Ok so this is a glorified airport Chili's so I had low expectations to start with. My margarita is pretty good, but expensive. I wish I could tell you about the food. Fact of the matter is, I've been here for almost an hour now. No sign of my burrito. Aren't most people here in a hurry? This is going to need to be one delicious burrito. Too slow service for an airport. I should have walked the mile to the Moe's in the A gates. Lesson learned. Avoid.
2	Horrible service, bland food, expensive prices. Granted this is located in an airport terminal, but come on. We should have been tipped off when the guy sitting next to us paid, and left his plate almost completely untouched. Our waiter was horrible, forgetting to bring items. Definitely do not recommend!!
2	they did have to deal with a lot of delayed flights/cancellations due to high winds. i'll give them that benefit for taking 15mins to get us a server. but damn, $36 for 2 drinks and no food? i know it's an airport and all and a Sonoma Cutrer should probably be marked up due to location, but, damn. i know it's limited at this end of the terminal, but, i may just have to paruse the lounges at the other end of the concourse. oh, the second star is for the fact you can get your drink To-Go now. Meh, I've experienced better.
1	Service I received was even worse, although I think it all depends on which server you get. My waitress was very much lost. First she took my order. She came back to repeat my food order. She returned later to ask what drink I ordered. After a minute she asked again what food I ordered.  Kicker is, food was barely a notch above Taco Bell, only way overpriced.
3	A great place to have some Food and grab some Drinks while you wait for your connecting Flight. Just a fair warning, the margaritas cost as much as the food does but you are in the Las Vegas Airport!
4	If you aren't in a rush to catch a plane, this is a decent Mexican food place to catch food at. Just be prepared to search high and low for a table. And when you do happen to get a spot, order asap as your waitress comes. Took 10 to even get one, another 20 to order and then about 15-20 for the food. I had a taco salad with chicken that was really good for airport food. Dark red salsa is extremely spicy! All the waitresses were working their butts off so make sure not to complain and just be patient.
1	Barf. Why are humans so lazy. Just because I'm held captive in terminal C, it doesn't mean I deserve to eat dog food.
2	Only the decent food and drinks make up for the incompetent service at this place.  I was ignored for 20 minutes before being acknowledged or having my order taken.  All of the menus appeared to be torn and ripped from their menu holders? Really how much can it cost replace menus?When my order was finally taken the server tried to deliver to me the wrong drink and food order TWICE!  When I finally received my food, a quesadilla, now 30 minutes after ordered, it was served without a napkin or utensils!  It takes 30 minutes to make a quesadilla?! The quesadilla with pork was actually tasty - tender pork but sloppily served. Rude and lazy servers.  Not recommended.
4	Acceptable For airport food it was very acceptable. The place was clean, the staff was nice, the prices were acceptable and they make an acceptable Bloody Mary. Overall, this is an acceptable place for sit down food while waiting on your flight.
4	What better way to end your Vegas trip with more alcohol before your flight??  This restaurant is located within steps of the Southwest gates.  Me and my girls walked in Saturday around lunch time with one thing in mind: bloody marys!They have a station at the bar where you can order drinks to-go; they'll put it for you in a plastic cup n send you off to your plane.  The bartender we ordered from was very patient with us.  We originally asked for 3 bloody mary's and the count kept inching up to 9 as the rest of our girls found us and wanted one for themselves! Not the best bloody mary but hey, it'll do if you're stressed out or just want to relax while waiting for your flight. Not bad for $9.88 each.If you sit in the restaurant they have a variety of bloody mary's and serve it to you in a glass.
2	I had a couple of hours to kill, belatedly realized that my headphones were in my checked luggage, and couldn't listen to the incessant announcements about how so and so needed to report immediately to whatever gate or a plane was going to leave them.  Service was good but not necessarily great (I asked for no beans and got beans anyway).  It's a typical, busy airport restaurant.  The food was TERRIBLE.  But, again, comparatively speaking, airport food is never good.  I had the blue corn tacos; the tortillas were cold, the chicken looked weird, and the rice was also lukewarm.  The only good thing was the margarita, which was pricey ($16) but not bad.On a positive note, the restaurant is big and a bit loud inside, so it totally drowns out the airport announcements.  A not terrible way to pass the time if you have time on your hands in Terminal C.  But don't go with any high hopes for the food.
4	Delayed flights everywhere, crowded all over, packed restaurant, and yet great service and good food.  Hats off to the staff in Concourse C this evening, especially our server Angelina who provided EXCELLENT customer service with a continued smile despite the chaos.   I'll be back!
5	Blue corn quesedillas at an airport restaurant. What? Delicious and on too if it, very friendly service. This place should go local in town of Vegas if they haven't done so already. Goo job!
4	Limited menu, but good drinks and great service. Our server, Leah, was lovely.  She really made the experience.House margs run about $12, but they are tasty.  Doubles near $15.  Menu doesn't seem veggie friendly at first, but they are very accommodating. Rice and black beans are vegetarian. Good option to wait out a late flight or get a bite before you head out.
2	I spent the majority of my day here. My flight was delayed a total of 7 hours, and I was stuck in the C gates, so this was pretty much it. Joey the bartender and I became airport buddies, and he was kind enough to grab OJ from the place next door so I could make a mimosa. I needed some food halfway thru my stay, I didn't have too high of expectations for this place, I went with nachos and added chicken. When it arrived in front of me, I wasn't sure what it was, were those tofu cubes? What the heck is that? Oh is that supposed to be chicken? Wowsa. I decided to eat around the mysterious cubes. I spent an obscene amount of money at the crap hole. I wish there were better options, but hey, gotta make the best of it.
3	Pretty standard quality, service, and pricing for an airport venue. Which is to say that the only reason you are eating here is because you're trapped. With that said, the Blue Corn Quesadilla was tasty enough to devour, and they have beer on tap, making for an experience more gratifying than a food court.
2	The food in this place is OK (it was not particularly hot). Not much better than Taco Bell, to be honest, but when waiting for a Southwest flight at McCarran you don't have a lot of good options.The prices are high, as they always are at an airport, but not ridiculous.The service on the other hand, was abysmal. Not particularly slow or anything like that, but I do expect some small degree of courtesy from a server. We were treated in a totally offhand manner, and the server got our order wrong. No hello, thank you, goodbye, have a nice flight, etc. I would classify this woman as rude, to be frank.Next time, we'll just eat at Burger King or Sbarro.
3	Extremely hard to find a clean table and it was made worse by all the staff standing around not bussing tables fast enough. Once we finally got a table our server was fast and efficient. The chicken quesadillas were good and fresh but they only tossed a tiny handful of chips on the plate.
2	Service was good, though my food was not. I ordered the taco salad with no sour cream, cheese or corn (food allergies) and it came out with all three of those things on top. The food didn't seem fresh at all, either. My friends did like their food (quesadillas) so I'll give them a star for that. Would not come back here - look for other options in the airport!
2	Disappointing! My bf and I stopped in for a drink and light snack in between flights and decided we shouldn't order food based on quick look around... The place smelled like a dirty rag which was almost nauseating. We sat down at the bar for a drink and the dishes were piled up, occupying about 4 feet of bar space. We ended up leaving after our first drink and went over to the Pei Wei bar which had much better service.
2	Old crabby waitresses. Food is ok. But don't extract to be greeted or asked how the meal is going.
3	hotel check-out at eleven...later afternoon flight...farewell lunch at the airport before the group goes their separate ways...self-seating restaurant...seating plenty and space quite large...friendly waitress checking on the group...taking orders and delivering food...round of quesadilla, torta, salad, etc...quesadilla loaded and decent...chopped salad enormous and dressed sufficiently...the torta quite filling and big bready bite...the food wasn't bad and service was efficient...drinks are overpriced...
2	Cleanliness was below par, food was mediocre, but the service was fine. Will not be dining at a Jose Cuervo Restaurant again.
2	Looks great. It's not. This should be enough reason to stop reading this and walk away. But if you are a fool and are interested then read onFirst the place looks nice. It's big has a lot of seating so that's pretty good but it all stops hereWe ordered chips and salsa with a side of guac 5 buck for the chips and 1.70 for the guac. there is a LOT of chips couldnt finish it with just two peoplebut it ends herethe food stunkits HORRIBLE quality its so bad!! the tacos are disgusting, the tortilla breaks the food is COLD its like they microwave it and just let it sit on the table for an hour and wait for some poor sucker (me) to order it...BLAH
4	My flight was delayed and I just wanted to sit down and have a bite to eat since I hadn't had breakfast or lunch and it would be a long time before I could have any kind of dinner.I looked at Nathan's Hot Dogs, since I haven't had them in years. Two hot dogs and fries would run close to $14. I kept looking and found Tequileria. There were tables and chairs. I looked at the menu and saw the prices were quite reasonable for an airport.I ordered the chimichanga platter expecting a small microwaved burrito type thing. What I received was one of the largest chimichangas I've ever gotten. Along with tri-colored chips, rice, black beans, salsa, and picante. I expected the cheese, sour cream, and guacamole chimichanga to be mostly empty but it was pack with pork carnitas. There was no air inside it at all. The pork was tender and fell apart easily even using the plastic fork. It tasted good. If this was a frozen chimichanga that was just microwaved then I'd like to know who makes them and sells them. My server, Sonya, was also very pleasant and attentive even while being really busy. I never saw her stand still unless she was talking to a customer.Water and the chimichanga cost $11.88. That's slightly more than a Sam Adams at one of the bars. For a restaurant dining experience in an airport in Las Vegas, that's kind of hard to beat.
3	Good for airport food. I would return next time in Las Vegas. We just had breakfast but the salsa was good. Chips were warm. Now I am typing to fill up Now I am typing to fill up space. Now I am typing to fill up space. Now I am typing to fill up space.
2	Yeah I can see why this place has such low reviews.We were here last Sunday waiting for our flight that was a little delayed. We were a bit hungry and the outside of the place looked good so..... we decided to give it a shot. Unfortunately we checked out their Yelp after we ordered our food......We both got 2 large beers and that was great, the waitress was a bit rude but in a funny way and was pretty quick to bring us the drinks. The food.......... Do you know those frozen Old El Paso burritos? They come 2 in a pack and you can get either the beef or the chicken?Yeah, those are far better than the burrito I had at this place.I ate it...... because I was hungry and I'm not super picky at the end of the day.... but once I finished it, I realized how much that burrito sucked!!! It was dry, bland, the meat was tough.... terrible.Lastly, I'd like to comment on the cleanliness of this establishment. If the front of the restaurant is a reflection to what the kitchen looked like...... it worries me a little. It was filthy! So many dirty table all over the place!Next trip we are sticking to Jersey Mikes.
3	Hey your sitting at SWA awaiting a flight this place is the best to grab a bite. Great service and food. Beats the processed burgers next door...also has CNN on the televisions thank goodness.
2	Cheap drinks, perfect for a quick layover,  but it smells like vomit.  Bring your noseplugs.
1	If I could give 0, or simply push a button and close a place, I would. The food was overpriced (it is an airport and it is to be expected), the beverages are the same (again, airport) but the service is awful.  I can handle expensive food that is mediocre in an airport.  I will survive. I cannot deal with service this awful.  I had 2 hours before my flight, ordered a burrito, beer, and chips.  I had to run to get on.  When I ordered I asked if it came with chips and salsa, and was told a small portion, at which point I ordered a side of chips and salsa "to get with my beer, because I haven't really eaten all day."  My beer took 15 minutes and came sans chips and salsa.   I asked again, and another 20 minutes later it came out.  Finally, my burrito arrived, and my beer was almost gone.  She didn't stop to let me order another, or even come check if I wanted one when it was gone.  I thought beverages were where establishments  made their big bucks?  I guess not. Finally, when I could get her attention (after being done for 30 minutes without her coming back) I asked for my check.  Then I asked again, and again.  I finally had to get up and walk up to the front and demand that they let me pay before I missed my flight.  It was ABSURD.  I get the feeling this became a self fulfilling stereotype.  Older individuals got far superior service, and I am sure she thought "young guy, probably tips poorly."  Damn right I do when I almost miss my flight after asking for my bill three times, and I only have one beer in me after an hour and forty-five minutes.  Give me service, and you get a good tip, give me that kind of service and you don't.  I travel through this airport fairly often these days, and will never be returning here.
1	There are 2 separate menus: the one they post and the one in the system. You can't order from either. I watched a lady ask for salsa and she was told she would have to order a combo meal if she wanted salsa because salsa was not in the system. I ordered a chicken burrito, the ticket said chicken enchiladas, and the manager from Starbucks had to come over and help explain what the difference was to the chef. I came for the food, stayed for the tragedy.
1	The service here is incredibly inept.  Our order was messed up several times and sent back only to be messed up again! A simple taco salad with no tomato turned into an hour long back and forth ordeal. They  left tomatoes on, then we're brought nachos.Our meat choice in burritos was completely off for the entire table and they took our glasses for refills but didn't return with a refill almost 20 minutes later.The food was actually tasty when it finally came but not worth the hassle.   Management was in a frenzy trying to fix everything but the chaos continued. While tasty, Tequileria tragically tanked this trip.
1	This place is a disaster. The service was bumbling at best and bordered on sheer incompetence.  First was the fact that one person received his taco salad 10 minutes before the rest of the group.  His salad was ordered without tomatoes and they managed to cover every square inch in tomatoes. When it was sent back to be corrected it magically came back as nachos with extra tomatoes. Four people in our group ordered burritos, three with pork and one with beef. All four came out as beef. Given the previous cluster of the taco salad / tomato debacle we decided to not send it back. No idea if the pork would have been as dry and tough as the beef but I guess we'll count that as one of the great mysteries of life.  As my meal arrived the server grabbed my soda to get a refill which was nice because the beverages did not return until after the meal was complete. Nothing goes with tough dry over seasoned spicy food like not having a beverage handy. The rest of our group sat without meals for another 30 minutes while the rest of our party ate.   When asked about the delay the manager replied that they were dealing with issues that we "wouldn't want to know about" which always puts one to ease before boarding a flight and wondering when the food poisoning will kick in.  The server simply explained that the restaurant was jacked up and the kitchen was jacked up. I would agree with her assessment. All in all this place established a new low in the area of airport restaurants.
1	This place was a train wreck!  I was here with two friends while we were waiting for a delayed flight back home to Seattle.  None of us enjoy flying, so we stopped in to have a few drinks before the flight.  First off, the service was terrible.  We didn't even have a server greet us for 15 minutes.  Then it took her another 15 minutes to bring our drinks back.  After being there for a bit, we ordered food...which took about 45 minutes.  While eating, one of my friends asked for a water and the waitress came out with another beer for her instead of a water?!?  When we were done we asked for the bill, and the waitress disappeared for over 30 minutes and then when she came back we had to ask her for it again.  It was ridiculous.  Anyway...When the bill came I was shocked that my bill was $65.00 for just myself.  For 3 house margaritas (standard size) it was $45.00!  That is crazy that a pint glass margarita is $15.00. Crappy service, food wasn't great, and it was way overpriced.
1	This place was so terrible I didn't even stay to eat.  After an early morning flight, I arrived in Vegas to catch my connection and was starving.  After entering the Tequileria I passed by two employees who didn't even acknowledge my existence...So I helped myself to a menu.  I eyed up the breakfast burrito and noticed they would stop serving breakfast at 10:30. Even though it was literally 10:30 on the dot, I figured they would still accommodate my request.  Instead I stood at the bar for 5 minutes without even being asked if I needed help.  Finally the bartender comes over at 10:35 and says I'll be with you in a minute, then walks away.   By the time he comes back its even later.  I asked him if I could please get the breakfast burrito and he says no of course, so I plead with him to no avail.  Then he goes to me "if you want to order food go around to the service window on the other side".  Thanks for telling me this 5 minutes ago pal.  At least they could have been friendly considering I couldn't get the only thing I wanted on the menu.   Had they been nice in the slightest I might have over looked the fact that it smelt like Bourbon street the day after Mardi Gras.  Or that the nasty waitress gave me a dirty look when I asked about the breakfast burrito.  Or that I saw chicken bones on the floor when I knelt down to pick up the menu I dropped.  Gross!  No thanks. I turned around and walked out.  Please consider my review and the other numerous bad reviews before dining at this disgusting excuse for a restaurant.
2	Ordered carnitas quesadilla and chips n salsa. Not enough salsa or choice of salsas. No garnish (pico, lettuce, etc) with the quesadilla. Just a little "swipe" of avocado crema. Not to mention the restaurant was grossly understaffed for a Friday night.  Everything took a while. Luckily my flight was delayed and I wasn't in a hurry. Server was friendly.
1	Ate here on 4/25/14. Ordered the chicken nachos which consisted of stale chips topped with a spray on cheese and guacamole that came clearly came from a tube.  I'm honestly not sure it was even guacamole.  I tried to order the chorizo nachos but they were out of chorizo. For the main dish I tried to order corn tortillas for my tacos but they were out of corn tortillas!  Fish tacos were literally a fish stick wrapped in a tortilla. Don't eat here.
3	Um how do they not have lids for take out drinks? Thats already my first impression. The burrito I had was decent, but way too pricey. Usually, I don't buy food at the airports, but I was hungry, so it was ok. Our waiter took too long too. Not worth the wait, if you're on a time schedule with flights. The restaurant is a nice size. I'll give it that.
4	REALLY REALLY GOOD FOR AIRPORT FOOD. At the fish taco was. It was really hectic and a mess because of all the plane delays but thought the waitress handled it well. the waiter, not so much.
2	The reviews about poor service seem to be accurate.  Sign said "Seat yourself" so I did.  Lots of tables with "Table closed" so I sat at one that was empty.  Server #1 completely ignored me and I waited about 10-12 minutes until a server working a different section came over.  As I still sit here, server #1 will not make eye contact with me.Should have checked Yelp before I seated myself.  Still tipping Server #2 well for getting my order to me inside 5 minutes once she came over to help me out. Don't eat here unless there is no other place to eat.
2	I should have read the reviews before going here. They don't put prices on the menu for the drinks because a draft beer is almost $10. Service was terrible. Took forever to be acknowledged.  Waitress saw my empty glass and empty plate. Why did it take ten more minutes to flag her down to get bill?  Gave it two stars only  because the food (carnitas tacos) were actually really good.
2	Drinks, yes. Breakfast, NO!!Coming back from Vegas and wanted to get a decent breakfast since I knew it'd be a while before I could eat again between the flight, the drive and other commitments. Walked past the bagel place and Burger King- went for this place thinking I could get a decent, sit down breakfast.This was the laziest, crummiest breakfast I've had in a long time. For $8.00, I got a plate of "faux eggs" (you know those watery- light colored reconstituted powdery crappy things) with some cold shredded "cheese" thrown on top and a couple cold tortillas. Not good. Not good at all. Next time, I'll just get a bagel or even Burger King would have been a better option.Go here for drinks. That's it.
2	Ordered the "Carne Asada & Huevos" and I requested the eggs medium. I think that threw them for a loop. They forgot my salsa and sadly they never got around to bringing it. The carne asada was of good quality but was served lukewarm, which tells me it was sitting. Oh well I left full at least.
1	Worst place ever. NEVER eat here.  I got a cold plate of something that resembles dog food. Horrible service. Terrible, even for an airport restaurant.
2	Random thoughts - My Yelp friend Daniel B. has reviews from GA, AZ, & CA within the span of a week.  World traveler?Anyway, me being the world traveler myself (if you consider U.S. the world which many Americans do), stopped by the Tequileria for lunch before my flight back to L.A.  By the way, Southwest boarding system is awful!!  The Tequileria is, like many airport spots, overpriced and underwhelming.  It's not uncommon these days to find pretty good food at airports these days.  I've gone to a couple spots in Dulles that were quite good.  This is not one of them.I ordered just a plate of carne asada tacos, which comes with 3 typical food truck-size tacos.  Beef was tender but sauce was not great, and the tortilla was too dry.  Not enough cilantro and chili that would really make the flavor.  I've gotten used to a particular style that makes this dish very predictable and quite satisfying, but theirs is different and not for the better.  A good size Dos Equis is always good, so that helped to wash it down.The service is again typical airport; not rude but not necessarily pleasant, not slow but not in a hurry.  Decor is sufficiently festive, with lots of TVs.Table-for-1 Factor:  If you can't feel comfortable eating by yourself at the airport...
3	It was a tasty Chimichanga and there are large TVs for watching games.  I'd go back.
1	This is a review for the small take out area. Overall: Terrible, overpriced. I will NEVER go back here and can not recommend to anyone. Food: one veggie burrito, only refried beans available, no salsa. I could have probably made a better burrito with dollar store ingredients. This food was not good.Service: good. Price: Awful! $16 for a veggie burrito w/ chips and salsa....what a rip off! Seriously, how do they get away with this?Please save your money and palate and go elsewhere. I will be when I am in this airport again.
1	This place is just bad. We were delayed over 5 hours coming home from Vegas and needed somewhere to eat lunch. Decided on this place and was not the best idea.Ordered chips and salsa - the chips were not fresh, not even close to Tostitos quality. They were just bland bagged tortilla chips and the salsa was so watery and flavorless.I ordered tacos with carne asada and I would have enjoyed a can of dog food more than I enjoyed this. The meat was really gross and the rice tasted like soggy nothing.Don't go here. You're better off going to Burger King.
2	I used to like this place.  It was a nice place to chill and have a drink before your flight.  They had a good blue corn taco plate I enjoyed a lot. Today was a different story.  The nice menus were replaced with photocopied paper.  No more brewed or fountain tea,  only in bottles.  No more blue corn tacos.  Or a taco plate. I ordered the three carnitas tacos on corn tortillas.  I was hungry.  I thought something tasted funny,  and noticed into the second taco that they were flour tortillas.  I mentioned it to the server,  she acknowledged the error,  and took the plate away.  And brought me a plate of two corn shelled tacos,  instead of three.  Which were tasty, credit where credit due.  As polite as the server was,  she kept mentioning that she was leaving soon,  to the point of annoyance. When she brought me my check,  she kept hovering to see if I signed my tab.  Their tap beer selection is nothing special,  and there are other lounges in the terminal.  I miss the old menu and selection of beverages.
4	All about expectations, go in with low ones.The food isn't amazing, they use the same chicken regardless of the dish, and the drinks cost what you would pay on the strip.That being said, it's the airport.  What would you expect?  Drinks aren't actually too bad and the staff is nice.Once again, all about expectations.
1	Horrible. I'm pretty sure everything came out of a bag. Chips were stale and I've had better cheese at a truck stop push spout. I'm not sure how they made the guacamole, but I'm certain there wasn't any avocado in there. Extra bonus - everything was served cold.
1	The taco salad was surprisingly tasty, but is served in a paper-lined bowl instead of a tortilla shell bowl. My main complaint is with the servers. Minutes after I left, I realized the waitress had picked up my personal pen with the check after I signed it. It could have been an honest mistake. When i went back in, I couldn't find her in the restaurant and was treated rudely by two other servers when I asked for assistance. One refused to even tell me the name if the waitress that had just been working our table. In the end, after standing around with no help finding my property, I had to leave for my flight and chalk this up to another Las Vegas Stupid Tax. The fleecing of the flock continues... I hope she uses my nice pen to fill out her next job application.
1	DONT GO HERE. This place is not worth it. At all. In any way.Over priced beer, over priced food. Terrible service with a frown. Everything took forever to order and receive. However, the burrito I ordered was tasty .... and somewhat warm.Sorry, if there was a no star vote, this gets it.
1	Horrible food!!!  I sent my first meal back and the second was just as bad!  Don't waste your money at this establishment!  Even the chips were stale!
1	Mediocre. Chicken nachos were cold chips with a cheese sauce poured on top. Carnitas quesadilla was decent, but had little to no flavor.
1	Higher quality chicken at Taco Bell. The margaritas look great and you would probably need a few to think this food was even mediocre
1	Is this place serious?! The Manager here needs to be fired. I had to interject at the Manager making excuses at a nearby table. What a joke. This place should be happy it is so busy. Hire more help and quit complaining to your paying customers. Time for a new restaurant at LAS.
2	With expectations sufficiently low and my objections to walking into a two-star airport eatery where it took three tables to find a clean four-top, we tried it, as the good Mexi food joint identified as Concourse C is apparently only available to the folks who work on the tarmac (Roach coach) . In spite of the hungover bitching by the pocket-pict Yelpers leaving the Land of the Lost, the service was remarkably good. The food?  What's the right word?Ewwww.Yep. That's it. That's one star Guacamole was frozen ballpark blend and the chips aren't made here but with a few margaritas it might stop the complaints. The food was bland but not deadly. The table next to us had to leave when their food flew off with Amelia Earhardt into the Bermuda Triangle never to be seen, with profuse apologies from the waitress as to the ticket's disappearance in the kitchen. The place had a fun look, but the floors are filthy at 9am and many of the tables could use a refresh with chipped paint and worn edges. Stars: Food one. Server one. Management -3
2	Quick Summary: Granted it's an airport bar and flavors are going to be mediocre and things are going to be overpriced... but I think I would have preferred waiting in the 20 min Starbucks line over this... yeah I did just advertise for another place in this review... take that as a sign.I'm all about expectations... you look at my reviews and for the most part, I like places. It's because I know why they exist and appreciate why they are there, whether it is for ambiance, for flavor, or for a quick bite.For an airport bar, I expect quick service, food for the masses, and an up charge cause well they can. I put emphasis on the quick service though, cause let's face it I'm in an airport and I've got places to go.That being said I came into here on a weekday morning, part of an hour an a half layover on my trip. Though it was a weekday morning, it is Vegas and much like the city, the airport never sleeps... as proven by the masses of people all over the gates and the dozen or so already in this joint.It's a seat yourself sort of place, which is kind of nice... they should put all hands into attending to the customers. I grabbed a spot next to few other groups who seemed to be pretty well settled in (with drinks, etc.) And that was where I sat for 15 min with no other interaction.... and the waitress must have buzzed right by me 3x without so much as an acknowledgement that I was even there.I finally got my drink order in for a bloody mary, which the waitress convinced me to go with their house version which included a chipotle spiced vodka and came with a double shot... or so she told me... after the 20 min it took to get my drink, it wasn't anything particular to rave about... and it surely wasn't a double shot either... I know what a double shot of vodka in the AM does to me... and if I left there upset... it didn't do it.I placed an order of the chorizo nachos, which were ok... somewhat warm... cheese not as melty as I would expect... but then at this point... what did I really expect?So as I started this review... it's all about expectations... and for an airport bar they couldn't even live up to that... I spent a good 65 minutes for a drink and chorizo nachos (which didn't come until 55 min had passed)... I shouldn't have to wait anywhere for that sort of slow service...
1	Don't even THINK about going to this place at the Las Vegas airport.  You're better off going hungry, or with an overpriced protein shake from one of the food stands.  I'm not even sure where to begin -- the service was so slow my co-worker and I almost had to cancel the food we ordered, or miss our flights.  When the food arrived it was bland, tasteless, and worse than anything I could have thrown together at home blindfolded.  Later in the day, the quesadilla I ordered and only partially ate caused me great intestinal discomfort.  Dirty, bad food, poor service.  Ugh!
3	As far as airport food goes, this could be a lot worse. The service was friendly and the menu has a decent array of options. I would have liked to try the drinks on a different occasion (later in the day). It wasn't great qualify, but it hit the spot and was relatively cheap. There are two of these in the C teminal of the airport, but I think only one yelp page for them.
2	We've had way better, but what the hell could you possibly expect from a freakin' airport Mexican restaurant?! It gets ridiculously packed, so don't plan on bringing your family of 12. Most tables seat around 4, and the pre-flight, pre-gamers, pack it in. It's your typical Chili's-style restaurant, complete with all of the run-of-the-mill tacos, nachos, and easy-to-pleasy Tex-Mex apps and entrees eager (or hesitant) travelers are looking for. Prices are high as hell, so steer clear if you're on a budget. Grab a $10 Corona or Margarita, $15 nachos, and say a prayer to Jesus Cristo for a safe, quick, and easy flight home (and that this crap wasn't you're last meal!). Honestly, come on, it's an airport Tequileria! Oh, service is typically terribly overwhelmed and, concerning our last visit, sucked juevos grandes.
2	I started to browse a menu from my table after sitting down for breakfast, and was immediately grossed out by what appeared to be avocado smeared on the first page. I grabbed the other one... Grease stains. Maybe chorizo. Let's try the next table over... Definitely salsa on this one.  As I'm sitting there squinting at other tables trying to spot a new-looking menu, a female server whooshes over to my table with a scowl and snatches one of the grimy menus and returns it to the table that I took it from. No welcome, no hello... Just a hit and run menu snatching.  Luckily she was not my server; I don't think that we would have gotten along.  My server turned out to be Maggie, who was prompt and friendly.  Thanks to her my day got started with about 4 glasses of coffee and a smile.  No help from the food though, or the prices. I got the huevos, scrambled, with chorizo, home fries, and tortillas. The plate lacked any sort of garnish (cheese?  Sour cream? Pico de gallo?) and the side of salsa I asked for was 3 bucks. 3 bucks for a couple spoonfuls of salsa!!?  Good thing I didn't know about that charge til I got my bill, or I might have had a salsa free breakfast. The 'home fries' reminded me of the chewy cubes of frozen potatoes you used to get in middle school cafeteria with your French Toast sticks and oj with a peel back aluminum lid.  3 bucks for a side of salsa??!?  You kidding me?!  You'd be better off getting a Naked Juice protein shake from the Hudson's News store and coming here for booze if you feel so inclined.
1	The family strolled into this nightmare a few months back. I was actually trying to describe to a coworker of it's pure horror, so I had to look this delight up on Yelp. A quick search for "Terrible Mexican place in LasVegas Airport" is in order. BAM! Up pops Jose Cuervo Tequileria with little hesitation.I honestly want to see who is cooking things in the kitchen.. Or if they even have a grill/stove/oven/any other actual cooking device. I am betting on a row of microwave ovens. Food prep consists of cutting up limes for drinks and opening prepackaged food to fling on plate.With a cross country flight and a 1 year old in tow I strolled into this place with little-no hopes of getting a good(decent or edible) meal. Unfortunately I was still let down. Serious how can an owner/manager even allow this place to serve food? I am by no means a picky eater and have dined at plenty of lousy places but come on.... The fact that anyone can give this place over 2 stars should be shot. Maybe if you are just slugging drinks on the way home from a Vegas bender and didn't eat anything, perhaps a 3.- Can I get a small beer? Out rolls the 40oz mug. My fault for not just ordering a bottle of beer... Rookie mistake.- Chips and salsa ICE cold. Asked for warm chips. Sorry we don't have any warm chips. Um ok. Wife ordered side of quac. As others mentioned, not sure if avocado was an ingredient.- Carne Asada tacosAs others have mentioned about the tacos they were pretty bad. Actually really bad.. Cold dog food served on a ice cold Costco tortilla. Thought for sure my cast iron stomach would be put to the test.- Chicken saladBland and cold prepackaged chicken chucked onto a bed of the saddest looking vegetables I have seen. Lettuce consisted of those tasty white hunks at the bottom of the head. Green lettuce? Nah who needs it.If your looking for a good conversation piece or you lost a bet, this is your place! If you are reading this you are probably too late and I look forward to your Yelp submission.
2	Hey, it's airport food and you get to sit down to eat it rather than having to wait in a line with badly behaved children and adults for crappy food. So they earn a star just for having table service available. They earn another star because the waitress I had was very nice and food came out quickly. I ordered the mahi mahi tacos and they were decent. Not super flavorful, but they were hot and clearly made to order which is a plus. If I were comparing this to other airport food options rather than reviewing it on it's own merits, I'd probably give it four stars, but I definitely wouldn't choose to come here if it were a restaurant in my neighborhood.
1	Terrible choice to eat our lunch. 1st the server Anthony stopped at the table and just looked at us without saying a word. We said we weren't ready to order yet having just sat down. He just walked away without a word. Then came back and said are you ready yet. Like where in the hell is the greeting and asking if we would like to order drinks. So we ordered and he just left again somewhat rudely and definitely unfriendly. When he came back he just threw the food down and walked away.  No utensils or napkins. We had to ask another server for the bill. Never saw this unprofessional server again. Thank God.  Oh... The food was just ok, salty and stale tortilla.  But then again it's an airport restaurant.  8/30/14  3:30pm.
2	Tequileria Grill is located next to the C-5 terminal, next to the Jose Cuervo Tequileria. Please keep in mind that this is a review of the food, not the alcoholic drinks here, so I'm coming from a slightly different perspective than the other reviews below mine.I ordered the Carne Asada Corn Tacos (3 for $11 + tax ~ $12 as of 08/30/2014) and was treated to a fairly yummy mix of red onions, barbecued pork, some guacamole-like sauce, and what I think is cilantro. To be honest, i was pretty happy with the food, but am still wincing about paying $12 for it. I attached a picture below, which makes the tacos look bigger than they actually are. What was even weirder is that they (or at least my cashier) did not give water cups.  She told me to wait in line at the Burger King next door (which would've been another 15 minutes)!  Common!Keep in mind there's not really seating at the "Grill" area and the Tequileria attached to it is dim and more designed for lonely flyers.I would probably recommend it over your other options at Burger King and Sabarro next door, but I am pretty peeved about their tourist-trap pricing and the way they try to force you into buying an overpriced beverage.
4	Was waiting for my connecting flight to  Nashville and I needed something to eat so I went to this restaurant.  I ordered an iced tea, and the three battered fish tacos.  The taco had a jicama and a white dressing. They were pretty good, it was expensive but that's what I expect from an airport.  If I am at the airport again, and I need to have something to eat, I would definitely go to this restaurant again.
1	No bueno!  Unfortunately bad decisions are sometimes made when I only have 35 minutes between switching planes while tempting margaritas are staring me in the face.  Banana Margarita - There's no price on the drink menu, so my server said it was $14-$15, glad it only ended being $13.49.  The drink was good but came in a very small cup for the price.  Chips and Guacamole - At almost $11 I figured, what the hey, it's going on the company expense report and it'll be my dinner.  It's the only thing I ordered and she brought out the wrong dish.  There was a delay in getting my receipt because she put in the right order but had to make a correction.  Instead she brought me Chips and Salsa, which was $6.49.  I said, "I actually ordered Chips and Guacamole."  She says she either take that back or she can add on a small side of guacamole for $1.89.  I don't have time for all this mess so I say, "Just bring me a small side of guacamole."  Well, the guacamole on the bill showed up as $2.89.  It was tiny!  Not to mention, it wasn't fresh made, nor was it packed a few days before at some local distributor, it was the canned stuff that was like a thick soup with no chunks of avocado.  The tortilla chips were like Mission Tortilla Chips, except triangular.  I hate Mission Tortilla Chips.  If you want to stop here and get a drink, that's fine, but the food (not just my dish) seems to be lacking.  If you want to walk around with your drink, order it in a to go cup.  Las Vegas McCarran Airport is rad like that.
1	After 3 days of raging in Vegas, I have not felt more like throwing up than right now after eating their "chicken nachos" - a sad compilation of frozen chicken strips, prepackaged chips, and pickled onions (cuz that's a normal thing to have on nachos)...And the worst part is we actually waited over a half an hour to get them....service sucked and you could tell everyone here hated their jobs...and hated that you were eating there because it keeps a sorry establishment like this in business...If you're getting drinks then sure this place is fine (always like a place with Dos Equis Amber Ale on tap!) but if you're eating...do yourself a BIG favor and just go to another place in the airport...wish we would've read the yelp reviews before we ate here (all the 1-star ones are totally on point) Cheers!
1	This was one of my worst dining experiences ever!  My partner ordered the Quesadilla and asked for them to hold the sauce and I ordered a hamburger.  The Quesadilla came with the sauce all over it and the hamburger was barely edible. As for the ice tea it was so bland that I don't think even a half pound of sugar would have helped. Wait time from ordering to it appeared on our table was close to a half an hour. Considering that most people are rushing to catch a flight this seems like an extremely long time. Go to Burger King, Wendy's, just about any place but this joint. Zero stars if I could it would be negative stars
1	If you want to spend 45 minutes waiting on a bowl of mediocre tortilla soup, come here. The 2 waitresses and 3 runners do a great job at killing your time. Pretty much the worst service I've ever experienced at a restaurant.  I wasn't expecting much from an airport dining establishment but this definitely hit well below my expectations. All I wanted was a bowl of soup!We sat down at about 7:30 am waiting for our layover to NOLA. A waitress acknowledged us and said she'll be with us in a moment. 10 minutes later and we still haven't put in our order. Two other tables directly to our left were seated after us and a different waitress took both orders. I asked if I could place my order and she rudely told me to wait my turn for the other waitress. I ordered my soup. Pretty mediocre. I could do without the sour taste and the pickled red onions.Check was dropped off as i was finishing up what I could of the soup. Boyfriend put his card down, and the waiting game started again. Our waitress was nowhere to be found so we asked Miss Unfriendly from before if she could run the card. She pointed at the bar at our waitress who was running drinks and said "you have to wait for her." So we waited another 5 minutes before we threw down exact change in cash and left as quickly as possible, though our waitress did make it in time to come over to our table and grab the check as we left this hell hole at 8:15.
2	For being the city that never sleeps I don't get how every food place in this airport closes before 9, except this dump. The service is terrible and I don't completely blame the slow ass server but the stupid patrons are half to blame like the woman that asks opinion on guacamole....just fucking take the fake ass shit or not! This isn't freaking Gordon Ramsey's restaurant! Can't even get a beer in a decent amount of time...thank god I never have to come back to this dump. 2 stars because I feel sorry for the waitress
1	If you feel like paying $35 for a horrible margarita and some soggy nachos, this is your spot! I've come in here twice now because the lure of a margarita is too much to fight but I've left disappointed every time. Their drinks are awful tasting and they are extremely overpriced, even for airport food. The service has been decent though.
1	Bad nachos for $14, $3 upcharge for salsa?  Bitter slice of 2 old day lime ruined my XX.  Burnt out servers, pretty much the worst Mex food i have experienced in years.  Bla.
1	Hey, why didn't I read these reviews? Jokes on me, this place was no bueno. Came in for a breakfast burrito and a Bloody Mary. The Bloody Mary looked like watermelon juice, and the breakfast burrito had bacon in it. When I told the waiter I hadn't ordered it with bacon and actually don't eat bacon, he looked at me like I had two heads. I asked for a new one without any extras and guess what? It came out with corn and squash, and no beans like it was supposed to have. Color me surprised!I realize that yes, I am eating in an airport restaurant. I know the quality of food I'm getting. Because of that, I'm rating entirely on the service and the wrongness of the meal. Skip it and go to Popeyes. At least you know what to expect.
4	Not a bad place to stop if you're waiting for a flight, but be prepared to leave with your wallet much lighter. I stopped here since it was outside of my gate and a margarita sounded good. The waitress recommended the Ultimate Margarita since it wasn't much more expensive than the house and you get more booze. I asked how much they were, and I should have braced myself. $14-something for a house and $16 for the Ultimate. Wow. But, I was set on a margarita at this point so I decided to shell out for the Ultimate. It was good! Well made and strong, but had a wonderful balance between the booze and other ingredients. I also ordered some chips and guacamole. This was pricey as well at $10.99. The guacamole was great but the chips left something to be desired. They seemed like they were something you'd buy on the grocery store shelves. In the end though, they were just a vehicle for the guac! Service was friendly and good, but they all did seem burnt out. I heard they were hopping all day.
4	Near C16 terminal. Came here to watch Broncos/Niners game before our flight.Guac and chips: guac bland. Chips were essentially tostitos. Taquitos: best I have had. We ordered a second orderWings: delish. Sweet and spicy w a hint of roasted chiles. Service: our server was good. Kept refilling my soda. Overall not bad while waiting for a flight.
3	Wow, seems like I should have read the reviews first before dining here.  Goodness.  On the other hand, maybe it's best I didn't, as I never would have eaten here, and honestly, my experience was not that bad.During our layover, the closest place to our gate was this restaurant.  It really didn't even matter what the restaurant was, we would've eaten here anyway due to its proximity.  Luckily, it was Mexican food which I generally enjoy.Started off with guacamole and chips.  Did not expect to receive the biggest dollop of guacamole I have ever been given by any restaurant ever in my life selling guacamole.  Holy cow.  It was creamy not chunky, which is fine.  Slightly over salted (according to my husband), but edible and filling.We split the taquitos and the chicken tacos.  First of all the taquitos were very good.  Pretty decent portion too.  Very savory, nice flavor.  Satisfying in the way fried Mexican food can be satisfying.  As for the tacos, we got them on corn toritillas.  The plate came with three, and again, decent portion and very satisfying.  I liked my meal.  Did not leave feeling disappointed as far as the food goes.  It tasted pretty fresh, and looked pretty on the plate.The service could use a tweak.  It took forever to be waited on, and then forever to receive the check.  But it was extremely packed in there, so perhaps that's the risk of dining in an airport restaurant.I'm not sure what others were expecting when eating here.  I suppose we were just starving and ready to go home, so were easily pleased.  I dunno.  But our experience certainly wasn't awful or 1-2 star worthy.
2	1 min late, no breakfast for you... Salsa is extra$$$$ really?  Wondered why it was dead. Sucked
1	This place was absolutely terrible. The server had me YELL MY ORDER ACROSS THE ROOM.Our food was disgusting, wilted and contained mystery ingredients and missing others. The manager comped our entire meal and drinks then offered us dessert to go. It was so bad, we declined. So horrible! Be warned! Holy rotten macaroni! Guys seated nearby us left when we did, shook my hand for saying something to them. Absolutely beyond ridiculous.
2	When I was looking in the restaurant there  was not anywhere to sit which I took as a good sign. Found a seat and it took 30 minutes before anyone came over. I understand it is busy but It felt like the staff made eye contact with me several times and still passed me by. Ordered the steak nachos for 16 dollars. Bad decision. They are on par with Taco Bell. The beer was $10. I could tell the wait staff was hustling and they seem anxious. They were working hard. Stop here for layovers frequently and was alway curious. Curiosity satisfied. Don't plan on coming back. Still waiting for my check.
1	Wow, seriously bad service.  We were waiting for our flight and sat down to eat.  Waitresses walked by but nobody came even after 15 minutes.  I flagged one down but she gave me a dirty looked and walked the other way.  I tried to flag another and she just averted her eyes.Finally someone came up and was rushing us along rudely.  Finally the food arrived, chips and salsa, 3 small tacos and a tortilla soup + 2 drinks... over $60.  Mind you I pay a lot of money for food sometimes, but this was horrible.  The Carne Asada tacos were dry. The seasoning was bad and the tortillas were dried up.  UGH...  My friend had the tortilla soup and she was very disappointed as well.  Bad service, bad food with expensive prices..:(
3	We hit this place on a Saturday morning when the airport was crazy busy. It seemed to my wife and I that the restaurant was under staffed to handle to nearly full dining area. We had eaten lunch here before so we thought we would try it for breakfast.The service was very slow due to the crowd but our server was very friendly. The food is not bad, considering you are eating at the airport. If you are looking for great Mexican food, this ain't it but, again, you are at the airport! It won't hurt you, so give it a try if you have some spare time before your flight.
1	Horrible service. Bland food. Way over priced. And they don't even give you chips and salsa to start. Never go here.
3	Eh.The food was bland, but not terrible, but that's what you get when you eat at an airport. The chips and salsa were good, but they don't give you anywhere near enough salsa for the chips and make you buy some more. Overall, the service was pretty good.In sum - eh.
1	Shame on me I was fooled twice in a moment of hunger and desperation. Just eat a snack bar and save yourself the money. First time I went I had their veggie tacos which were soggy street tacos w/ cold gross pickled red onions and cold corn that tasted like water. I was hungry and had 2 hours to spare so I gave in again! OMG what a waste of money. I tried to "make" a salad for a vegetarian by modifying a few things but they don't have black beans so mostly I had cold ice berg lettuce, cold cold roasted corn and tomatoes that were frozen at some point so as to taste like cold water slush cubes. All their salsa but their spicy salsa tastes like water. They charged $2.49 for what amounted to 1.5 TBL of "guacamole" which tasted like smooched avocados with no flavor or texture. I think I deserve what I got going to this place twice, boy do I feel like an idiot.
4	From what I saw, tables were clean and everyone was being tended to. The staff seemed pretty disorganized buy nice none the less.Pretty disappointing that they wouldn't change the channel so that I could watch Arsenal playing Dortmund.As for the food, I can't give much detail there. I only got some tortilla soup, which at least that was really good. Even had avocado's to top it off.Only suggestion - get more organized and change the channels to big games
1	Really disappointed with this place. Walked in and waitress looked bugged That I even walked in. Not friendly at all. After a good while of sitting down (nobody telling me seat yourself) the waitress came over. When I was telling her my order she was trying to walk away. I ordered a steak burrito which was horrible. Wish I would have known it was this bad and should have gone to Burger King were the staff looks friendly.
3	Good food but very very pricey. It's in the airport so that's why. Clean restaurant. Took a while to get our order in but when finally greeted my waitress she was really nice.
2	The service is some of the worst I've had, even for it being in an airport. Our server was rude and consistently rolling her eyes at everything, giving disgusted looks, and taking forever to do anything. The salsa was runny. The queso was just plain melted cheese. But, the margarita decent and that's all I really cared about at the time.
1	Service was terrible and not attentive at all. Ordered some chicken wings and they said it would take 20 minutes to finish. The order was a bit late and I was afraid of missing my flight and they were unwilling to refund me or cancel my order for something else. Avoid....at all costs. The bagel shop across the street is better. Or Popeyes.
1	Wouldn't even rate a one star, but it's the minimum rating to write a review. If you want to start a trip off with bad attitude, horrible customer service, wrong orders (even after verifying it several times), an over priced menu (even for the airport higher price normality)... Then go to Taquileria inside the LV airport.
1	There is bad Mexican food and then there is this. We are nice people. Not sure why our waitress couldn't to us off and tell us to go somewhere else. If you gotta eat here though the  quesadilla is safe. Do not order the guacamole paste. The chips were made of sawdust.
1	Horrible food. Terribly expensive. Bad service. You're better off eating at Mcdonalds.
1	This is a terrible over priced restaraunt! Don't waste your money on the horrible food and service here. Our server want too enthused to be helping us. We ordered chips and guacamole, both seemed to be prepackaged, I was really hoping for some home made chips! These seemed to be Tostitos chips from the grocery store. We ordered a chicken quesadilla and chicken tacos. The quesadilla was better than the tacos but that's not saying much. The tacos were nasty.. Reminded me of cafeteria food. It would have been one thing if we paid $6. But we ordered chips, guacamole, tacos, an ice tea, and a quesadilla and it came to $42.50. Taco Bell is much better.
3	The decor, ambiance, music, and table service almost make you forget you're in an airport restaurant. But the prices don't. The breakfast burrito, with a few customizations, is fabulous and I would likely come back for it regularly... If the prices were dropped a few bucks and this weren't in the airport.Standard breakfast burrito with choice of bacon or chorizo is just over $10, which is absurd to begin with. Subbing carne asada adds on $2. But the best (and most expensive) thing you can add to your burrito is queso sauce... Except it's an insane $3 fee. So your deluxe delicious breakfast burrito, with a side of potatoes (because a duvet-sized tortilla simply isn't enough carbs for one meal) will set you back nearly $20 with tax and tip. Frankly, I can't justify or afford that, but if you can, by all means contact me to be your personal assistant.Seriously though, the proportion of egg to bean to bacon in the regular burrito is perfect, the pico adds an awesome bit of freshness and acidity, and the queso makes it a next-level contender for one of the best I've had. But only a captive audience will pay that kind of price, and they damn sure won't be happy about the bill.
