5	Wow is all I can say.  Steve has taken so much time with me and helped me through so much with my accident.  He has saved me so much, he is a lifesaver.  If you want a old school insurance agent who cares more about u then money he is your guy.  Give him a try
5	Farmers has a great community service program called M.I.L.K. (Managing Information of Lost Kids) As a member of a local Karate Studio that was having a Kids Safety Event, I was very impressed that Steve was willing to dedicate part of his Saturday to come to the Dojo and educate parents about what to do incase their child goes missing.   This says to me that Steve cares about what is going on in his community, not just about selling insurance. I think its important in this day and age to have an Insurance Agent who cares about his individual customers needs and is willing to go the extra mile in order to earn their trust and respect. I highly recommend giving Steve a call for all your insurance needs. I have already referred him to 1 friend and will be sending more.
5	When I needed insurance for my photography studio I called on Steve Miller. Even though he personally was not able to help me he was very professional and found me another agent and insurance company to work with. Steve is fast, efficient and very reliable! Thanks Steve! -- Wayne Wallace Photography
5	Great customer service, attentive and a good quote.
5	Steve did a great job for us. He works hard to get your needs met and your questions answered. His support staff is also prompt and professional. If you are looking to change/update your insurance coverage would reccomend giving Steve a chance to quote your needs.
5	I went to Steve when my agent retired and I was left unassigned. He is incredible. Steve made several suggestions that my former agent never made. (I had that agent for 15 years.)I was in the process of buying an investment property and needed insurance. Steve uncovered a water damage claim that was not disclosed to me on the new property. He took the time to tell me how to find out more information and get the matter resolved. The claim which was with another insurance company was in error. Because of Steve's quick action, I was able to save over $100 on my new policy.Steve always takes his time when either I come in or call him. The best compliment I can pay him is that I will be returning next month to buy more insurance.  His customer service and knowledge is outstanding.
