5	Grapes Wine Bar in Matthews has become our comfy spot to try new wines and meet new friends.  The owners, Fabien and Lana, are so warm and welcoming.  The atmosphere is relaxed with soft sophistication.  I am comfortable going by myself if I want to do a little work from my laptop. Love love it!
4	I am really surprised more people haven't reviewed this place yet!  The location isn't optimal but Matthews definitely needed a couple cool new spots and Grapes was just added to my list of favorites.  The space is small but that made it feel more intimate.  It wasn't an overly "warm" atmosphere...dark wooden tables, no mood lighting, no candles, etc.  There is room for improvement in that aspect.  However, they do have a couple couches so that made things a bit more cozy.This is primarily a tapas restaurant or a place you would go for a lite bite before your main meal but if you know that going in then you will be happy.  The food was very good, fresh and decent portions.  We tried the hummus, a flatbread and the chicken salad appetizer.   Very good overall!The wine list of course was extensive and the service was excellent...ask for Larissa :)They also have live music on Friday's and the band this weekend was awesome! They played familiar tunes and I was very impressed with their rendition of some of the classics.As always, I love supporting local shops so I will definitely be back.  This place is great for a low key date night, girls night out or for small groups!  Check them out!
5	Please do not tell any one about this Wonderful Place. I love it, it reminds me of a place where everyone knows your name but they Drink Wine more than Beer.  If you want to learn about wine and have a Fun time while learning Go Here. The Staff are Great.
5	We found the place 6 months ago and it is now on our regular hit list.  If you would like to learn about wines this is the place to go, they have several wine tasting a month.    My Wife and I were there Friday Night and the Band was great, the wine was wonderful and the house was pack.
5	Great Lunch!
5	What a refreshing change in Matthews. Great atmosphere, great wine selection, casual, and comfortable.The owner took quite a bit of time to suggest wines, share upcoming events and to ensure we were enjoying ourselves. I will be back!!
5	Absolutely LOVE Grapes Wine Bar! You can sit quietly with a glass of wine and read your Kindle while the live music plays Friday and Saturday nights, stop in for Dessert with friends, have a wine tasting with the amazing home made hummus, olive or cheese plate. They have it all and are so genuinely gracious, not to mention its close to home so no need to fight traffic or look for parking. I absolutely recommend the following wine (love Merlot!) if you are going to have any of their dark chocolate cake/desserts: Villa San Juliette, Paso Robles, CA They recommended it and wow did the fruit in the wine PoP! Great choice!
5	I just started drinking wine, and I love to come here because the staff are so knowledgable. They have often guided me to try something new that I end up loving.  The staff are also very personable. A few times I have been there at closing time, and they did not try to rush me or make me leave. I am always very impressed with them. The wine selection is amazing. They have wines you can't find anywhere else. They also have some craft beers, but I'm not a beer person. I've only ordered food there once, but it was pretty good.
5	Heading to Grapes Wine Bar tonight and I know it will not disappoint because it never does.  The wine selection is fantastic and the food and service great.  The owners are really nice people and truly appreciate your business. If you aren't sure what to order, just ask for a recommendation.   It is a favorite destination for my girlfriends and I.  If you love wine and haven't tried it, you are missing out!
4	There are not many places that I know of in this area quite like Grapes Wine Bar. When I lived in Matthews it was my go-to when I was frustrated at the office. If you go there before 4pm it's actually quiet and a lovely place to work either on the couch or at the standard tables near the bar. The staff is very helpful and they do a great job of checking your progress without coming over too often. I've never had anything there I didn't enjoy, and some of the food and wine pairings are quite clever and tasty. I also like that most of them are not too heavy, so it's a great place for apps to tide you over until a late dinner. At night, it's intimate enough to go on a date or out with friends and still hear the conversation. I haven't attended any of the special events / tastings, but I've heard those are quite lovely as well.
