3	The Royal Yacht Britannia is in Leith at the Ocean Terminal Shopping Centreabout 20-30 minutes bus ride away from the city centre. The tour is basically self-guided with these super huge walkie talkie type things that you have to put up to your ear. If you're into this sort of thing I would definitely recommend going in the quieter periods so that you have time to listen to your guided tour and the space to wander around and look at whatever you want. It was surprisingly more interesting than I thought it would be but yet another example of how different the life of a royal is from mine.
3	Rule Britannia! Britannia rule the waves!This yacht has a lot of history, and if you're looking for a historical tour of Edinburgh then this is a must! It is anchored (permanently) down at Leith, and so is part of the Ocean Terminal complex. I would be complaining about how far out it is, but it is really easy to get to with all the tourist busses driving past and a regular public bus going here every ten minutes or so. And it's easy to drive to, with free parking!Personally, this sort of thing doesn't usually float my boat (HAHA get it?) but I did quite enjoy my recent trip here with my grandparents. Although I did burst my lip with the walky-talky things you get as part of the tour. My grandparents loved it and took hours to get around the ship. Furthermore, as it is part of Ocean Terminal you are spoilt for choice with all the food-courts and shops available. It's a nice place to spend the day, but as I said it is very far out of the way.
4	The Royal Yacht - there is no other way to put this - is a floating museum of the life of the Royals.But dont stop reading now, because actually, the whole experience is a great one. Not only will your admission fee get you on board this amazing piece of maritime engineering and treaure trove of Royal decadance that is berthed at Ocean Terminal (so it's quite a way from the city centre - make a day of it), but the stories it tells are laid out like some form of amazing map of where this ship has taken its royal passangers and the reasons they went - ranging from holidays to diplomatic visits. Really, the history on board this ship is staggering - and as a bit of a history buff, thats my thing.A great day out, and getting there couldnt be easier, even though it really is a bit out of the way.
3	You've got to love dear old Prince Philip haven't you? Known for regularly making "innocent remarks taken out of context", usually about black or disabled people, and gruesomely butchering pheasants and foxes when his dodgy hip allows, he's a shining example of all that is great about the monarchy. Lizzie and him used to take their holidays on this wonderful boat. Since you paid for each one of those holidays, and the boat itself, you're now allowed to come on board since they've decided they don't want it anymore.That pretty much sums up the Royal Yacht. It's basically a testament to the wonderfully lavish lives that the royals lead at the expense of you, me, and every other downtrodden taxpayer in the country.The thought of Lizzie and Phil (with socks still on) going at it hammer and tongs in the state rooms made me feel a bit sick, so I didn't dwell too much on the tour. Don't think I missed all that much.
4	The Royal Yacht Britannia, hailed as "Scotland's best visitor attraction"... but heck, they all say that, right? It's definitely not the best attraction and to be honest, I'd be at a lose end to pick just one, especially in Edinburgh when there are so many great attractions to go see. I guess, if you're into ships then this is perfect and it's something a little bit different to the usual museum. It is one of the most famous ships in the world after all. I visited the Royal Yacht Britannia with a friend a few weeks ago, we'd just been on a tour bus and got a few squid off with our tour bus tickets. Located in Leith you get a gorgeous view and the ship itself is a beauty. You can find lots of interesting facts about the journeys of Royal Yacht Britannia and I was amazed to find out that it has taken the Queen on Royal Family on 968 official voyages!For me, it was just a boat and I'm not really bothered if the Queen of Sheba had been on it, to be frank, it just didn't really float my boat. (I couldn't resist.)I am aware that it is a very popular tourist attraction, a five star one in fact and I think it's deserving of four stars.
4	My visit to the Royal Yacht Britannia is one that I shall treasure.  Primarily because I visited it with my gran, on her only visit to Edinburgh to see me before she passed away a couple of years ago.  Whilst I'm not into boats, I was intrigued to see the Yacht, especially considering its connections with the Royal Family.The Yacht is handily moored right next to Ocean Terminal in Leith, meaning that you can access it directly from the shopping centre.  This also provides ample parking, and plenty of shops to keep you occupied for a full day out.  Entering the boat, you will be given a thing that looks like a really oversized telephone.  This provides the information about the boat, and you simply key in the code of the area you are, and it will give you all of the relevant information.The tour itself is very informative.  It was interesting seeing all of the different rooms, and what they were for.  There are also a large amount of artefacts that the Queen or other members of the family were given as presents on their travels.We must have spent at least an hour and a half there.  I don't think I was bored at any point.  It's not a place that I would go back to repeatedly, but I would happily recommend it to people visiting Edinburgh.  I can see why it is so popular.
4	My flatmates and I suddenly realised as we were approaching graduation that, even though we've lived here for 4 years, we've seen surprisingly little of the city's attractions.So we decided to set about rectifying this, and started with a visit to the Royal Yacht Britannia. Whatever you feel about the Monarchy, this is definitely worth a visit. Although you are all led round in one big group, they give you those handheld audio loop things so that you can listen to the information at your own pace, rather than there only being one guide and all the keen nerds push to the front meaning that the majority of people don't hear anything.One word of advice though: don't spend ages trying to find the entrance to it like we did. It's on the top floor of the Ocean Terminal Shopping Centre!
5	The fading glories of the monarchy are being kept alive on this, the last of the Royal yachts. In some ways it is a shame that it should have been retired, but as a floating museum it does let the ordinary person behind the scenes of the Royal Family and their life before aeroplanes were trusted with the monarch.It is being kept in tremendous shape, although bits of it are roped off and the parts I would like to see are out of bounds, it is still worth the tour.Things to look out for are; the largest narwhal tusk I have ever seen, the ship's bell, and the stunning fittings in the personal areas.I hate the pre-recorded tour units, as they turn people into mindless sheep with a stream of facts they will never retain, but on a blustery winter's day, they were scarce enough not to ruin the experience.You can rent the facilities for events, especially dinners, but be warned, there is only seating for ninety-six in the main salon!
4	The Royal Yacht is a great place for most ages -- except perhaps the very young or the very old.We visited a few weeks back on a sunny March Saturday as a family.  The audio tour for children is a must if you have any with you younger than 13 or so.  I was concerned that Dad & I would want to tour at a slower pace than our daughters (12 & 6) but for the most part there was plenty to keep them occupied as we examined photos, documents, artifacts, etc.My favourite part of the tour is the many photos of the family.  As an American, I don't have strongly held emotional ties for or against the monarchy, but simply enjoyed the mementos of family.The staff is outstanding -- friendly, knowledgeable without interfering in the enjoyment of the tour.If you have time, The Royal Yacht Britannia is a great addition to your Edinburgh itinerary.
4	Spent the afternoon on the Britannia doing the tour and sampling the food & drink in the Royal deck tea room. Definitely worth a visit!
4	Excellent Tour & very knowledgable staff. Considering the cost though, I'm sure they could buy a tin of varnish for the weathered deck...
4	The tour itself took between 2-3 hours (if you listen to everything). The fare includes the audio guide, which was very helpful and of a good quality content-wise. The tea room should always be built into your itinerary. The food served was great and certainly a highlight of the tour. The Royal Yacht Britannia is docked beside the Terminus which itself is a very packed shopping centre.
5	The first thing you need to know is, that you need to walk into the shopping mall and go up to the 2nd floor, to find the entrance for the yacht. Then first you have a small museum with history information and ship staff information, before you can enter this marvelous yacht. We did spend 2,5 hours on the ship within a half hour of lunch in the restaurant on the top of the yacht. We took a wild mushroom soup and a sandwich with bacon and mustard. Both of the meals were absolutely delicious. The sandwich was gluten and dairy free. My soup was vegetarian. On the ship you can use an audio guard, there are 15 languages you can choose for. And if you're hard of hearing, there is a possibility to put a headset in the audio guard. If you're deaf or hard of hearing they have the oral given information also in written languages (in books) also in 15 languages!!! What you can see is: the sleeping rooms of the royal family; those for the staff and the guests. The other ships, the car on the ship, the marvelous dinning room where the staff need to spend over 3 hours to put every spoon, glass and chair completly the same and right. In the yard is just to much to see, you definatly need to see it when you're in town!
5	We thoroughly enjoyed our tour of this ship yesterday. It is quite unfortunate that it is retired from service. It looks so well kept that it could probably return to service at any time!Our first delight was the ease and accessibility that we could take our daughter through in her stroller and not have to carry her around.  This allowed all if us the ability to enjoy the audio tour and many sites to be had on the boat.  The staff are quite courteous and knowledgeable, willing to share other information and snap a family photo if asked.Was a highlight of our trip to Edinburgh.
5	Outstanding visit, very interesting with the lovely staff on board.  I'm actually partially sighted so it was a great honour for staff to go round with me and tell me a bit about Royal Yacht Britannia plus I took loads of photos too.  You would enjoy it if you went
5	This was exceptional.  The seemingly unlimited access to an historical artifact was a pleasant change.  Often one can only view limited portions of an exhibit.  The audio handset (included with the admission price) was exceptionally helpful.If you are in the area don't miss this opportunity to see how the "other half" lived.
4	Interesting and fun attraction with quite a nice meal/restaurant at the conclusion.
5	First and foremost the trust that looks after the yacht are to be congratulated on the way they have presented the experience, parking is easy and free, a short walk take you the reception, from there you have an interesting museum, pick up an audio guide. The tour starts on the bridge and goes through the living quarters, state rooms, crews quarters, hospital and kitchens, the engine room is a must it does not look as if it has done a million miles. Well worth a visit.
