5	As a manager / DJ of many night clubs in Charlotte,  we found the event photography services of Fenix Fotography to be second to none in the region. His style was unique and different and he was always on time and professional. On major promotion nights--such as MTV-reality shows, fashion shows, and celebrity events in partnership with HBO--Fenix was our first choice. Also, When I needed personal shots for my music marketing, private events, and advertising shots of my motorcycle, he was the photographer I trusted and as expected he did an awesome job. Fenix is always creative, and sees with eyes that many can't seem to match.
5	I have worked with Ryan of Fenix Fotography on several occasions for editorials in local magazines such as Uptown, Seen Uptown and Elevate. He is friendly, professional, I have always felt comfortable working with him and I am always more than pleased with the final published work. Ryan has also been more than accommodating if I wanted digital copies of the photos for my online portfolio or Facebook. I look forward to any opportunity I have to work with him again and would highly recommend him to anyone who wants a professional, talented photographer.... for anything!
5	I first met Ryan of Fenix Fotography when I was asked to do hair for SEEN Uptown Magazine. I also had the opportunity to work with Ryan on several other shoots including one with Elevate Lifestyle. Ryan is professional and definitely knows what works for fashion shoots. He's so nice and very focused on getting the best shot for you. I look forward to working with Ryan again in the future. And if you need the best shot...call Ryan at Fenix!! He's the best!!
5	I met Ryan when he was first starting out with photography and even as a novice he had an eye that could only come from someone who was born with natural talent.  As his talent has developed it's only become more and more amazing.  From his patience to take a shot of lightning on a storming night on the Charlotte skyline to a picture of me that I still think is the best picture of me ever taken.  Ryan is not only professional, but he was obviously born to be behind a camera.
5	I hired Fenix Fotography to shoot the marketing and advertising photos for my music career as VIO. I felt so comfortable during the shoot, and everything came out natural and professional. His guidance is remarkable, and his skill seems effortless. Ryan is such a gifted artist and has a keen eye for making photographs into masterpieces. I always get compliments on any of the photos he has taken of me, and I always rave about how amazingly good he is! I can't wait to work with Ryan again! The nicest photographer in the world with the best eye!If I could give Fenix Fotography 10 stars, I would! Highly recommended!
