4	Chin Chin, which mostly has locations in Los Angeles, is one of my favorite restaurants because they carry one dish I love: their Chinese Chicken Salad (with no chicken).  This is California Chinese food, not authentic Chinese food, and some dishes are hit or miss.  Favorites of my friends include: paper wrapped chicken, orange chicken, lettuce wraps, and spring rolls with delicious apricot dipping sauce.  They have low fat versions of several of their dishes.  I'm guessing this isn't a popular dining destination within the New York-New York, as it wasn't crowded at dinner time.Other eateries within the hotel/casino include:* Nine Fine Irishmen* America (http://www.yelp.com/biz/2exIfLCFNVhC7alBeMi2Lw)* Coney Island Pavillion* ESPN Zone (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cyV6Y8eOgpDTtdJQnB6FaA)* Gallagher's Steakhouse (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nnDLapJk1z2NJE0-XzwMlQ)* Gonzalez Y Gonzalez (http://www.yelp.com/biz/JsCKeWHA8n_5mFQ3F6t4UA)* Il Fornaio (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Lau3N654yNyWdIIybea1uA)* Il Fornaio Panetteria* Village Eateries* Schraff's Ice Cream
3	Okay.. so the food was good.. the drink was strong.. but then I got sick right before we boarded our plane.. not good... guess I shouldn't have eaten there before flying.  I thought  it was a little pricey ... but you do get pretty large portions.
4	We accidentally walked into this place recently because we were mildly intoxicated and hungry.  In short this place is trying to be upscale but it should be noted that it is affordable and they serve you huge portions thus the prior reviewers reference to PFChang's.  We ordered two entrees, a rice dish, and an appetizer but really we should have only ordered the two entrees since we only finished about 1/4 of all the food we had.  We were sad the food was going to waste because normally we would've love to take a doggie bag home but were starting our night out and did'nt want to lug our food all the way back to our room at Planet Hollywood.Anyways, the server was great and was'nt too hovering or distant.  All in all we had a wonderful dinner here but we were sad to see 3/4 of the food at the table since were stuffed !
4	Chin Chin can also mean "penis" in Japanese.  Great marketing staff over there!
5	great food, fast service, nice staff. we waited a lengthy five minutes for our food (wow).
4	I'm surprised to find a chinese restaurant in vegas that tastes pretty good and close to authentic chinese food.We sat at the bar and the bar tender was great. She was attentive and friendly. We tried the singapore noodles which were pretty good. Of course I had better but it was pretty close. The portions were huge! We also ordered the curry chicken which was very tasty. The curry wasn't spicy, it was just the way I like it. We started with the foil wrapped chicken which had huge pieces of chicken but not too much flavor so it wasn't that  great. Overall, it was pretty comforting here. Had a great meal and food wasn't even pricey. Great place for some decent chinese food at a great price in vegas.
5	A must on every trip we take to Vegas, which is fairly often.  Try their orange chicken.  We have enjoyed all the dishes we have tried here except the pot stickers.
4	Dim sum and the Singapore Style Noodles are what I would recommend, but all of their dishes are quite delectable.  The first time I tried Chin Chin, I was with a group of 12 during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend.  We ordered about 20 dishes between the 12 of us- food came quickly and HOT, and the quality of the food was great.  Have a craving for chinese food while in Vegas?  I would recommend this establishment.
2	I used to love Chin Chin, but the service and food quality has gone down considerably. The decor is very nice and it is inside one of the best themed casinos on the Strip. Unfortunately, there is a loss of subtly in their cuisine. The flavors are too harsh and they would benefit from a menu overhaul and more careful attention to subtly of flavors.
4	Always good food and the service is the best.
3	We ate dinner at Chin Chin on Friday night.  I wanted a variety of items and some kind of beef, but not a Prime steak.  We landed at Chin Chin for some good old Americanized Chinese food.  Since our last meal was breakfast we ordered up some chicken pot stickers, pork bao, half of a Hunan chicken, and Mongolian beef...and some steamed rice (more on that later).It was all good.  The Mongolian beef was actually very good.  I am usually a little scared of the beef that ends up in Chinese food dishes, but this was very tasty.  The Hunan chicken was a little tart for me, but it was nice and tender.  My wife loved it.  If you are a char siu bao fan (yeah that is spelled a hundred different ways), don't order them here.  The filling was off and the dough of the bun was heavy and yellow.  My guess is that they were made a while before we ordered them and steamed up to serve.  By a while I mean at the day before...or earlier...The portions are pretty good, so if you eat family style don't over order.  One dish per person is plenty.  The prices were about $15 per entree, which isn't bad for a hotel on the strip.  Important note, rice does not come with your meal.  You have to order it by the bowl for $1.50 each or get fried rice.  That's kind of lame.  You really need to charge that extra $1.50 for a bowl of steamed rice?Our server was a polite girl from some former Soviet block country.  Theek accent, but attentive to the table.
4	O-M-GSo they had a Chin Chin here in Lakewood a couple of years ago and unbeknownst to me it closed down...I still have dreams of my lovely Chin Chin.  The way I used to get my order to go and eat it all before I hit Lakewood Blvd.  Ahh, Chin Chin, I used to feel as though you loved me just as much as I loved you...So on my recent trip to Las Vegas (The Meadows for all you newcomers) I stayed in a fun filled hotel called New York New York.  There are three separate tower elevators to get up to the rooms.  You are assigned an elevator based on your room.  I think I cried and wet myself all at once to see that right before our elevator was CHIN CHIN!I stayed in Vegas for four nights and probably ate every other meal here.  It is cheap, good Chinese food.  The best Chicken Fried Rice I have had in a long long time...Two thumbs way up!
5	Very impressed with this Asian food available on the strip ! After a couple of nights of eating out my body was craving veggies done home style aka Chinese.We had a plethora of dishes, all were extremely good and not too expensive.  Three people, one person had wine and the total was $80 with still some leftovers (which of course does you no good when you're in Vegas with hotel rooms with no frig or microwave.)  Service was really good, waitress was very thorough about letting us know the prep and cook times for dishes that took longer.This place has been on the strip for a while and I can see why, it satisfies that Chinese food craving without a lot of pretention.
4	I've been to Chin Chin a couple of times and I've yet to be disappointed. The drinks are always strong, the wine is never old.This time we ordered the Wonton Soup and Anthony's Special Noodles. The wonton soup broth was amazing, light and complex I could taste a lot of white pepper which was great. The wontons were flavorful and tender. Anthony's Noodles were also very delicious, the flavor was lightly spicy and heavy with the taste of cilantro. Far from traditional, but that's not what you're here for (traditional can be found on Spring Mountain, the chinatown plaza). Portions are huge, the grease is great for building up the required barrier in your stomach required for heavy drinking! Will definitely be back for more when we're back in town in November.
4	This review is more for the bar in the front. I don't really care for the food. If you are feeling adventurous and you love fruity drinks as much as I do, then this is the place for you. They have all sort of exotic fruit drinks. My favorite came with mango. They even have some with pomegranate. SUPER YUMMY! Also, the bartender was super cool about making you a new one if you didn't like it, BUT I LOVED THEM ALL!!!
4	This restaurant is located in the New York New York Hotel/Casino. The food came hot and fresh in pretty big portions. Very good stuff :] Made me so full. The bartenders were cool too. My friend had a really good Margarita and I had a yummy Cosmo. We liked this place because of the atmosphere, people and food. Nice, relaxing decorations. And our waiter was very friendly and helpful. I'd go here again to try some of their other dishes.
5	We stayed at the Tropicana, and after a six hour trip to get to Vegas, all I wanted was some awesome Chinese food. The girl at the front desk told us to try New York, New York, and man, I love her for suggesting it.It was so delicious and the service was so wonderful, we ended up coming back a second time, before our flight home.Everything on the menu was delicious, but I have to recommend most of all the Velvet Chicken soup (they put peas in it! so cool!) and the Hot Sour Soup. Both were authentic twists on old favorites, and so good we actually had to get seconds. Perfect for helping with a hangover.Also on the list: Any of their lo mein. Delicious, chock-full of goodies, and never greasy. Mmm mm!
2	WHAT??!!  I cant believe this place has 4 stars!!!  the people reviewing this place have obviously never had good chinese food!  we came here for their breakfast/brunch and it was pretty awful.  they had regular eggs and cantonese eggs, which was eggs mixed with what was supposed to be chinese sausage and some other stuff - not good.  they also had egg fu young, which was also yuck!  they also had bacon and sausage and french toast...how is that chinese??  the only two things that were just ok were the egg rolls and the dumplings, but note that they aren't good...they're just ok.  i gave it 2 stars instead of one bacause the service was good and i didn't find a bug or anything in my food.  i don't think this place is worth the $14, even though that's pretty cheap for a buffet in vegas.  i know what a good chinese breakfast is and this sure ISN'T it!
4	Yummy!Inside the fun New York New York casino, Chin Chin is the same restaurant which I dined at in Los Angeles on Sunset Boulevard a few months ago. Sophie, our server, was amazing, which made the meal even better. Arrived before seeing Zumanity, and tried their dim sum, chicken in lettuce cups and a bowl of the hot and sour soup. Fresh and filling, and not too pricey. Wasn't too crowded either, as it was around 5:30 when I arrived, but got more and more crowded during the meal. Not gourmet Chinese food, but not bad either.
3	Went to this place for their breakfast buffet and it was pretty decent for the price. The eggs were okay and the chinese bbq pork was pretty good (maybe the best thing).  However, the bacon was flavorless and the homefries hunan chicken were pretty gross. They had a nice selection of pastry and all the drinks you want are included in the price. I would probably give it 2 stars if I had to pay any more than the price of 14.99 and compared to other buffets it was okay. I was surprised they didn't have dim sum or more of a selection. While it was okay, I probably wouldn't go back.
5	This is a great Chinese restaurant in the New York - New York Hotel & Casino. My husband and I grabbed a quick dinner here before a show and it was a great choice. The service was really friendly and incredibly fast. We ordered the chicken won tons with apricot dip, pineapple fried rice, and hot and sour soup. All were great. I would definitely go back there!
3	Decent "Westernized" Chinese restaurant. It's not real Chinese food but it's close enough. Great place to eat after you're done with the tables. Soups are decent. Food is a bit salty thought. Probably one of your better options @ NY-NY.
4	We went with a group of 14 people. Nothing but friendliness. Imagine a restaurant in America where the waitress brings everyone water along with other drinks - thats pretty cool. Velvet soup was recommended to us by friends and was great order a bowl and share with atleast 6 people. The Anthony's noodles and General Tso's chicken was superb.menu prizes are very very reasonable - Don't miss this place
4	Outstanding service and great food. Enough said.
2	We were looking for somewhere to eat before Zumanity.  We called Chin Chin and made reservations a few hours before just to be on the safe side.  When we arrived there was a small line - but we got right in.  Service was a little slow and the food was just plain blah.  I am shocked that people recommend this place and use the word superb in their reviews.
1	Okay, so part of the one star rating is my own fault.  It was the first morning on my first trip to Vegas.  We were staying at NY NY and got off the elevators at 930am after a long night and saw "Chinese Buffet Brunch!"  Now, why on earth did I think Chinese buffet - for breakfast - would be a good idea?  I'll never know.  The place was packed though, so I followed the leader.5 minutes after eating, I had to run back up to my hotel room and then  spend the next hour on the bed clutching my stomach.  Yeah.  And don't blame it on the booze the night before... I wasn't even hungover when I woke up.  Lesson learned.
1	[this is an old review posted recently]It's Vegas so it gets an instant 5 star or instant negative 3 stars... Who cares.Mid grade hotel... Attempt at mass appeal acceptable. Mass appeal compelling volume-dining in Vegas.  Reasonably priced (but only for Vegas. Staff was friendly and attentive (+1 star).Decent open kitchen, post modern copper and polished aluminum accents filled the walls and ceiling (+1 star)Mostly veggie friendly, (already mentioned) affordable for Vegas (or anywhere +1 star).The food came out fresh but instantly... How'd they do that (+1 star)?High-volume, obvious faux-everything decor, greasy food (-2 stars).Hungry?  On a budget? In the south strip? Chinese an option? Chin Chin at New York, New York.
3	I was staying at NY NY for a work event, travelling alone as usual. So I pulled up to the Chin Chin bar right after the trade show I was working for a quick dinner before going upstairs to my room to crash. The bartender was wicked friendly, and made me the most delicious ginger martini ever (I needed one!). There was another guy at the bar who had just received his meal, and it looked AMAZING. I just gestured over to his order and said I'd get exactly that!Brown rice, tangerine beef, and steamed mixed veggies... YUM! I was only able to finish off maybe 1/4 of the rice and maybe only 1/2 of the beef, and it's too bad there's no fridge/microwave combo in the rooms or I would've totally gotten leftovers, but it was so worth it! And oh yeah... I had that for dinner at least 2 more times during my week there!Not the best Chinese food I've had (the food came out waaaaaaaaaay too quickly to be made fresh - the "crispy" beef was soggy!), but still really good for a quick dinner. And the bartenders have always been really friendly!And the breakfast buffet isn't bad - fried rice and bbqed pork for breakfast, yes please!
4	My husband and I ate here after a show and really enjoyed our meal. I haven't had the buffet as the pictures show, but we really enjoyed the menu. There were lots of options for both meat lovers and vegetarians alike. The cocktail list was also amazing and we enjoyed trying a few new things. As Joanna K. said, the ginger martini was amazing! As for the food itself, the prices were very reasonable ($10-15) and the portions were plenty big. I would certainly recommend to anyone wanting Chinese food that isn't greasy and won't kill your wallet!
3	We came here at about nine at night after seeing Louie Anderson. The food was good and relatively inexpensive for Vegas.  We both ordered tea (which was complimentary with our meal), I ordered mu shu shrimp and my husband ordered beef with broccoli.  We had fast service and paid $28 for the two entrees.  Our only complaint was there wasn't a whole lot of meat in the beef and broccoli dish (in fact, my husband said it should have been retitled "broccoli and beef").
4	Ate here while staying at NY-NY and found the food to be quite tasty, reasonably priced and a nice respite from the casino floor.May I recommend the Wor Won Ton soup with veggies, seafood and won tons. It is a huge bowl that will serve 3-4 and it is quite tasty. The tangerine beef was tart and sweet. Good stuff and will eat here next time I am at NY-NY
3	It's no secret that I'm a huge fan of all types of Asian food. When I noticed that there was a breakfast buffet at this establishment I was instantly filled with all kinds of wild thoughts... what would a pan-asian breakfast buffet be like? This is something I wanted to have in my life, I was sure.The next morning we found ourselves in the buffet line. The selection looked very interesting and delicious. Sezchuan-style eggs, Egg Foo Yung, five-spice toast, bbq pork, eggs, house potatoes, and more.Oh mediocrity, how you tantalize with overwhelming promises and underwhelming deliveries. Everything was sub-par in my opinion. The Sezchuan eggs weren't that bad, actually,and the five-spice toast would've been better had I chosen to soak them in the ginger syrup instead of consuming dry.I was so sure that I wanted this Asian breakfast buffet in my life, but after eating almost everything that was offered, I'm not so sure I want it again. Maybe we were there on an off day, but for now I'll probably shy away.
4	I'm giving four stars based on how it compares with other restaurants on the strip. Very reasonably priced, decent food and pretty quick. The Sunday brunch buffet is basic but it's only $12.95 which is about half the price of other Sunday buffets.
5	This is the best part of visiting New York New York!  We are able to get a decent vegan meal by ordering the chinese chicken salad w/ tofu & had both the steamed veggie and pan fried veggie dumplings.  Good service too!  Nice retreat from the noisy casino floor.
1	Way too salty and nasty.  Imagine a normally tasty Mongolian beef, then at the last minute the chef accidently pours in an entire bottle of soy sauce.  Add to that lots  of MSG and you've reproduced the Chin Chin secret recipe.  This is the Asian restaurant at New York New York, and I say you are better off with Panda Express / Manchu Wok at Excalibur.
4	Stumbled into this gem on a Tuesday night after an hour of heavy mixed drinking/lottery playing at NYNY. Holy crap they had Dim Sum but even with a heavy buzz there's no way my cheap behind was going to throw $7.95 at a measly six pieces of Shiu Mai. That's a good ten minutes of play at the penny slots, my friend. I usually pick at food like an anorexic chipmunk but hot damn! Tonight I single-handedly murdered a whole plate of pineapple fried rice as my bf and cousin watched in amazement. Siriachi sauce and about ten watered-down amfs will do wonders for stomach expandment. That little switch that triggers you to stop eating 'cuz you're full? Never turned on. I was two bites from exploding like a retarded goldfish.Yeah, you can get just-as-tasty chinese food in LA for a fraction of the price, but for the location and the portions, I'd most definitely stop by again if I'm staying at the NYNY. Word!
5	Yum. If you're in las Vegas, you gotta try this place. Eating here will leave you wishing there was one in your hometown. The service is great and the food is even better. I call this upscale Chinese food. Kinda like PF Changs. I would recommed everything on the menu. My favorites are the wonton soup and the gift wrap chicken. Don't deprive yourself. Eat here.
2	This place should be called Salt Salt instead! OMG! I ordered the hot and sour soup and the amount of salt in it was enough to feed a small ocean. I couldn't eat it!!!  They did take it back and took it off our bill.  I got the yellowtail sushi roll instead and those were the tiniest rolls I have ever gotten - and I consider myself a sushi fiend!  The rolls I get at Whole Foods are bigger than these were!  Hubby ordered the pepper beef and it wasn't too bad.  Only reason we ate here was because we were hungry and the deli place we really wanted to go to was closed already :(  Server was friendly and the wait to get in wasn't too long, but we will never go here again.
1	I would first like to say that I woke up with my family at 8a.m to eat breakfast at Chin Chin's breakfast buffet. Lets just say I'm not the happiest camper.First, I would like to say I am extremely disappointed at myself for not paying attention at the hints for an extremely horrible breakfast. TIP #1 Breakfast Buffet at a mediocre Chinese RestaurantTip #2 Fried Rice as part of their breakfast menuTip #3 pastries that i saw them un-package from a Costco type package.No i didn't take any of those hints as a clue to what was in store for me. The Food- They serve the usual breakfast fare. Eggs, bacon, sausage, and french toast. To accompany those types of food they have fried rice, bbq pork, assorted fruits and potatoes. The breakfast was so sub-par, so unseasoned i couldn't eat more then one plate. I even asked for cheese for my scrambled eggs and they said they cant give me that... REALLY... REALLY?!The Price- Everything they serve you can get at a Days-inn that is included with the price of the room. It is $12.95 a person. With that price you can go to Hash House a gogo and get quite honestly the best breakfast in Vegas for the same price. Hell you can go to Circus Circus breakfast buffet and get better. At least they have omelette's and  toast. THEY DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TOAST HERE! Silly me to think that a breakfast buffet would serve toast... silly me.So I'm giving this place one star, If i could i would give it 1/2 but i can't. I honestly can't believe their are restaurants out here that have the audacity to serve such sub-par, and un-edible food at such a outrageous price.1/2 A STAR OUT OF 5p.s THEY DON'T SERVE TOAST!
3	Solid chinese, little overpriced though.  Service is eh-ok.
2	So a friend and I decided to try this restaurant because it was convenient (we were staying in the hotel) and because the menu sounded promising. We went for dinner and while the hostess was extremely nice our waiter left a lot to be desired. He didn't seem to be throughly impressed that he had to wait on someone (never smiled, never asked how we were). He took our drink orders, delivered them and then took our food orders. I ordered the chicken mushu and my friend ordered the Jean's Long Life Noodles. The food came out and while I was mixing my food together I saw a piece of plastic in my food. Most people would complain about it and send it back but I already knew our waiter could have cared less so I just decided not to eat anymore and pick off my friends dish (which was tasty by the way). Our waiter never came by to see how our food was (no surprise there) and never offered us a dessert menu, he just came by and dropped off the check. The funny part of this story is, when he saw me pull out a bunch of $100 bills he suddenly became extremely friendly towards us. I left a small tip for him (I used to work for tips as a blackjack dealer, so I sometimes feel guilty when I don't leave anything). I wasn't impressed with this place and wouldn't recommend it to people.
3	I sat at the bar during for a late lunch and told the sushi chef to make me "something spicy." He started to respond when the the bartender/waiter totally interrupted him and told him what to make, to which the sushi chef replied "I got this." Then, in a completely rude tone (all in front of me, mind you) this waiter snaps at the chef "Do you want to take the whole bar then, Andrew?" If I am ordering off-the-menu sushi, I want to talk to the shushi chef. It was very rude and the waiter (The name on my receipt was Erin, but I am not sure that was the waiter's name) kept being a smart-ass to the shushi chef the whole time I was there, even making me wait for my check so he could ask the shushi chef if I was ready for it. So immature!That being said, the roll the chef made for me was pretty fantastic, he would have gotten five stars easily. The fish was fresh and there was just the right amount of spice. The presentation was also pretty with curls of celery and carrots decorating the plate. The prices were on par with LA/Orange County sushi prices.
4	Spent the weekend in Vegas (Yeah Baby!), and after taking in Zumanity, we went to eat at Chin Chin. What a really great little Chinese restaurant that is located inside the New York New York Hotel and Casio. Started off with Pot Stickers that were very good and continued with a bowl of Won Ton soup with a nice piece of pork in it. Main Entree' was Kung Pao Chicken. It had the right amount of bang to make it enjoyable. The service was so-so. It wasn't very busy for 9 p.m., so the waitress could have been a little more available, but overall, we really enjoyed it.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. There were four of us, so I got to sample quite a bit of their food. My friends were vegetarian, and I'm not - but surprisingly the thing I liked best was the Garlic Eggplant.  And I don't love Eggplant either though I've recently learned to like it.  It was really nicely flavored. I also tried and enjoyed the Chicken Fried Rice, King Pao Trio, spring rolls, and General Tso's chicken. It not a cheap meal, but this was in a Vegas casino, so I was expecting it.  I'd go back for sure.
2	A solid meh for their breakfast buffet. Compared to other buffets the price was okay, but also compared to other buffets their selections was really limited. Ah well. Lesson learned.
2	The Yellow tail Tuna Sashimi was ok. But the crab roll 'sushi' rice looked like rice from the previous night. It was dry and didn't taste fresh at all. It was edible and thankfully didn't taste stale at least!!!The chicken fried rice barely had any flavour in it. The chow mein was the best of the lot but that wasn't saying much really. The sweet-corn chicken soup was ok but was really thick and a tad too starchy.Overpriced and not worth it. Not going there again.
3	We came in for dinner on a Wednesday night and this place was empty.  We were seated right away and we got a waitress that must have been new because she kept messing up.  We ordered pot stickers...curry chicken RICE...and peanut noodles.  Yeah it's kind of a strange combination but so what...we were on vacation.After about 15 minutes of placing our order we get out pot stickers and as we were finishing them our waitress comes back and asks us what else we ordered besides the peanut noodles.  Why didn't she ask sooner...why should she even have to ask at all...I could have sworn I saw her write it down.  So anyways, I told her chicken curry...and then she says oh yeah I remember...so I mistakenly thought she remembered that I said chicken curry RICE!Another 15 minutes later our order comes out and guess what...we didn't get the chicken curry rice...it was just their chicken curry dish...but we decided not send it back because we didn't want to wait another 15 minutes.  My friend didn't like the pot stickers or the peanut noodles.  I personally thought everything was O.K.  If you order their noodles they are VERY generous on the portions...too generous actually.Our waitress came back only once and then I had to flag her down for more refills.  It was just an O.K. experience.  If I were really craving Chinese food I would come back.
4	You eat at one chin chin, you eat at all Chins. It is your typical chain restaurant quality- more expensive than you'd want to shell out, but the food isn't horrible so you don't stay away. The Vegas one is slightly different that it keeps up with the buffett theme of Las Vegas. This one offers breakfast/ brunch buffett for around $14/ person, from 7/7:30 to noon-ish. if you can get up that early while you are in vegas, or perhaps you haven't gone to bed yet, the buffet isn't bad. Very simple, not too exciting, and variety is rather limited, but you get your brunch staples- scrambled eggs, scrambled eggs with duck, bacon, sausage, duck, bbq pork (chinese style), some potatoes, noodles. I actually prefer this to the $25 brunch buffett at MGM or similar casino. It's cheaper and i can never my $25 worth of food at 10:30 or 11 in the morning. And the food here is actually good. I like their duck scrambled egg, and their spring rolls and dumplings are yum too.The line can get long, and with limited seats/ space, you can wait a bit. But people eat and go- so you are maybe made to wait for 30 min at most. And my other complaint would be you have to be in line to get your food, and since there is only 1 line of buffett trays, once you are done, you have to go back to the end of the line for round 2. It reminds me of being in the school cafeteria a little. Solid 3.5 stars!
1	I would not recommend eating here. There are many other better choices for Asian food close by, such as in the MGM where we were staying.  But this place looked good, so we tried it.  First of all, we ordered some hot tea only to be served in dirty glasses.  Our waiter did not seem to care (he seemed to really not care about his job in general).   We placed our order, and then a few minutes later he came back to tell us they do not have any Pad Thai.  He asked us if we wanted something else instead, but how would we know if we no longer had menus in front of us?SO,  we asked to see menus again.  He totally forgot and we had to remind him twice to bring us menus.  (We did order one sushi roll which was pretty decent).  We picked a seafood noodle dish which was EXTREMELY spicy to our surprise.  Like the hot pepper shaker just totally spilled out all over the noodles.  Try to avoid this place at NY NY if possible. There are much better Asian options elsewhere.
1	For being a restaurant in one of the biggest hotels in Vegas, this restaurant falls below the quality of cheap Chinese restaurants. It's expensive yet nothing special about the food. The service is slow. I wouldn't choose to go back there again for sure.
3	I guess this is "Chinatown" for "New York".  We found this place out of hunger and lazyness and decided to give it a shot.  This is the first Chinese restaurant I've been to that also has a Sushi bar.  I guess Asian cusine is all getting globalized now a days.  We were lucky to get a great server and their food was pretty good.  Defenitely not authentic enough for me but very tasty for American/Asian food.  Among the dishes we ordered the curry rice was the best.  The seafood won ton soup was pretty good too and the sushi tasted just like any sushi place.  Funny name.... Chin Chin
1	By far the worst sushi I have ever had.It took the waiter a full ten minutes to notice we were there even though we were in the very front and there was hardly anyone in the place.I was excited to get some tasty, tasty sushi but I was sorely disappointed when I got the menu and there were literally six items on the sushi menu. I should have cut my losses right then. I ordered a Rainbow Roll and some Yellowtail. The yellowtail was alright but I was disappointed there was no roe. The Rainbow Roll was terrible!!! I'm used to getting at least eight decent sized peices out of a roll and for there to be healthy chunks of albacore inside the roll. Not here. This $16 roll was five peaces and was filled with Krab and enough mayo to clog my arterties.I ended up eating most of the rolls because I was hungry but toward the end, I picked the actually fish off the top.When the waiter returned, he commented that I hadn't finished everything and asked if I was too full. I told him no I wasn't too full, I was just really disappointed in the dish. He laughed and said he would finish my food for me, dropped the check and was never seen again. Yuck.He gets one star for tracking us down when my boyfriend forgot his credit card.
3	This review will be on the breakfast buffet ($14 per person).I have to say that this breakfast buffet didn't have a lot of choices.  These were the things they had from what I could remember: mainland eggs, Cantonese eggs, bacon, french toast, pastries, and croissants.  All of those tasted okay and nothing special.  There was also BBQ pork or something but for breakfast?  Yeah... I thought it was weird.  They had fruit and yogurt which seemed like it was made.  I was surprised a lot of people were eating here for breakfast even though there wasn't a lot of choices.  I guess they were like me and didn't want to go somewhere else that's not in the New York New York Hotel. lol
3	Had lunch and sushi at Chin Chin while on a recent trip to Vegas. The sushi was good, we had the 2 for 1 lunch special.  California roll and spicy tuna, the crab in the California roll was fresh, taste was great. I'd have to say the California roll was better than the tuna.We also ordered General Tso's chicken and a noodle bowl.The General Tso's had a dark brown sauce with a unique taste. I'm not sure I can say I like that flavor compared to the other General Tso's I've had in the past. As for the noodle bowl, it was tasty, chicken, shrimp, and beef with veggies and thick noodles. I asked for mine a little spicy so it had a bite to it but nothing over the top.The price was a bit on the high side for lunch, it was 50+ dollars with the food mentioned above and a Coke.I'd eat at Chin Chin again but it wouldn't be something that is a must have
1	I came here to cure a hangover. To cure a hangover in Hawaii, I would eat pho or dim sum so I came here in search of some great dim sum. Well, you're definitely not going to find it here. The dim sum came in metal steamers which I thought was odd. I've only seen wooden ones before. I soon found out why most places use wooden ones... Because the dim sum sticks to the metal ones, causing all the fillings to come out of the unwrapped dumpling!I ordered the wonton soup... The soup was so bland that I may have been drinking hot water and I wouldn't have known the difference. Our table shared some other "traditional" Chinese dishes and they all sucked. To top everything off, the service was one of the worst. He never refilled our water, never came by to check on us so we couldn't let him know how awful the food was and he took forever to bring out the check. The reason we chose this place? I overheard two separate strangers that Chin Chin had great Chinese food. They serve sushi here too. What kind of Chinese restaurant serves sushi? This kind! The sucky kind!
4	I thought Chin Chin was great.  After a weekend of all sorts of pub/bar food and Italian type fare, this sounded so good.The portions were huge, the prices were really good (like $11-15 dishes) and the service was great - even with such a large group.We shared the Chinese Chicken Salad which was nice and spicy and full of chicken.  We then shared the Peanut Noodles with Chicken which was also good, but I far preferred the salad.  I had order envy from literally everyone at the table - it all looked and smelled so good. This is a good spot in Vegas for something casual and different than the usual pizza or burgers.
2	I was in the mood for some Chinese food, so I went to Chin Chin, as it was in the New York New York hotel I was staying at.  It was ok .. I've had worse but I've had loads better.I started with some steamed pork dumplings, which had too thick of a wrapper on them which made them taste very starchy and overpowered the filling, which wasn't bad.  The hot and sour soup I ordered with it was pretty good though.  I was seriouly disappointed in the tangerine beef I ordered as the main meal.  Most of the pieces were far too large to eat without cutting, they were over fried and leathery and they tasted of seafood, so someone didn't do a good job of changing the oil in the fryer.  All in all a diappointing choice.  Unless you're close and don't want to travel, I'd find another place to sate your Chinese cravings.
4	Are we really putting soy beans on our soy beans when we dip our edamame in soy sauce?  Our waitress seemed to have answers to all of our questions, including how soy sauce is made.  Her friendly attitude, professionalism, knowledge and service bumped up this 3 star food review to a 4 star overall review.  The extra fortune cookie for my daughter certainly helped!  I would much rather eat somewhere with 3 star food and 4 star service than the reverse.The happy hour for lunch is a good bet if you are on a budget, with an extra hand roll if you buy two.
5	One of my favorite restaurants. Really reasonable prices, fast service, fantastic specialty drinks. Great bloody Mary!Haven't had anything bad here! I love the mushu chicken and orange chicken. It's typical high end chinese food, but pretty authentic, and not greasy.Every time I bring people here they thank me.
4	Most vegetarian-friendly of all the restaurants in New York New York. The edamame was fresh and the veggie spring rolls were delish, especially with the accompanying  apricot dipping sauce. I was thrilled to see that they could substitute tofu in place of the meat in any dish on the menu. I ended up with the vegetable fried rice + tofu. Definitely hit the spot. Tip: The entree dishes don't come with rice - you'll have add it to your order. (My one order of veggie fried rice was more than enough for me and three others to share.)
1	Being in New York New York I expected at least mediocre Chinese food.  This was definitely the worst Chinese food I have ever eaten.  The drinks were so sweet we could not drink them, and the server even mentioned they were bad!  Then the food tasted like vinegar and chili sauce with a couple pieces of chicken.  We could not even tell the difference between sweet & sour sauce and orange chicken sauce.  Any dive buffet in any town would have far superior food.  Chin Chin's service was the worst we have had in Vegas as well!  Skip this place at all costs.
4	They have a really nice breakfast buffet for a fair price!!! Got a good selection of breakfast items!! If you don't want to spend $25 to $35 for a huge buffet that you only going to eat less than half the stuff they have than this place is for you!!!
2	The food was so so. None of our sushi rolls were impressive; had the crab salad, and soft shell crab rolls. My pineapple fried rice was way too salty. The General Tso's chicken was pretty good, however. The prices are kinda high, too. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Make the drive to Chinatown for the real deal instead.
2	Just an average experience.We ate at Chin Chin this past week with friends.  The decor is cute and the menu offerings promising.  They seemed a little understaffed when we were there on a Monday at lunch time because our waiter kept disappearing, but he was very nice and accomodating.The food is just average...nothing amazing or overly tasty.  I ordered the chicken lo mein and literally had 3 pieces of chicken in my dish.  I was starving and was really wanting that chicken!!!  The noodles and veggies in the dish were bland...not seasoned well, if at all.  Others at our table had similar feelings about their dishes.The portions are large...enough that two people could share and the prices are reasonable.  However, the food is just missing its mark.I would not go out of my way to recommend Chin Chin to anyone and doubt I would return.
2	Food was decent.  Service was NOT.  Although the waiter was friendly, he totally forgot our first course.  Didn't realize it until we asked where our soups were.  Some at the table had sushi and asked for a second roll.  It never came.  And because we had a large party, he got his automatic tip anyway.  Bad service is becoming a theme at New York New York.  Used to be a great place to go, not so much anymore.
3	Just ok...nothing special.  We went here for lunch the other day and it took quite a while for someone to seat us even though the restaurant was mostly empty.  The service was ok, the atmosphere was nice, but the food really wasn't that good.
4	Good place for reasonably priced Chinese food in a sit down restaurant in Vegas, with a very good service. General Sao chicken & Eggplant dish are a must try. One star less for a long wait, been there twice and everytime we stoof in line for about 20mins :D......I believe it is for most of the good restaurants on Saturday nights.
4	After spending a fortune on mediocre food along the strip, I just happened to be at New York New York when I noticed this restaurant and decided to give it a shot. Listen, a chicken/shrimp fried rice is less than $9 here and taste like a decent chinese food !!! Now where on the strip would you find such a fair price ? On top of that the portion was quite generous and the service was fast !! I will DEFINITELY go back, trust me. Folks RUN AWAY from Panda express across the street. The food taste like plastic and cost bout $10!! Pouah !
3	Nice clean place!food is good and the only issue I had is that they serve more veggies than meat.
3	Nice refills, expensive, California rolls (order two servings),  Chicken Salad was okay, Wonton Soup was flavorful. It was pretty good, but you can get better chinese food somewhere else.
1	horrible customer service. Waiter dropped a plate which shattered all over me, spilt water into my purse, and took FOREVER to do anything. Didnt even bother to check back on our table after the incident. When we asked for my meal to be comped due to our horrible experience he took our bill, was gone for 15min then just came back and dropped it on the table, not comped. No manager ever came by to ask if we were okay, there was glass everywhere. I would spend you money elsewhere.
5	Great chinese food. I would recommend this over PF Changs. The bartender there named David did a great job in serving us. They also serve sushi even though its not chinese food, but it is pretty good. Chin Chin also has a breakfast buffett which serves you regular breakfast food, not chinese food for breakfast
5	I am absolutely obsessed with this place. I ate here on my first trip to Vegas a few years ago and got hooked right away. I've been making this a vegas tradition ever since.Their spicy cilantro lo mein is ridic. It's a fusion of asian and peruvian - althought it doesn't advertise itself that way. But having grown up on peruvian food I recognize the ingredients they're borrowing.They also have some over-sized beer bottles that will make people do a double take when they see you walking around the casino with it.I'm a fan. And since I took my wife there this year, I think she's one now, too.
1	Food is totally tasteless, big portions, atmosphere poor.
4	I had a horrible sushi dinner a few nights back while staying in Vegas so I was bound and determined to get my ahi tuna fix before heading home in a few short hours. We walked by Chin Chin a few times and circled back and walked into a little slice of heaven. The hostess warmly greeted us and sat us quickly. Our waitress came right over and I promptly ordered a Bloody Mary. It was really good. I perked right up. The menu was extensive on the Chinese fusion food side, smaller on the sushi side.  But there, in the middle of the specials section were the words I was looking for - Spicy Ahi Tuna tartare on won tons topped with avocado! Yes! I immediately took a picture of my plate when it arrived, it was gorgeous and contained a huge portion of tuna. So much so that I had to save one piece for later. The tuna melted in my mouth and was the right amount of spicy paired with the crunch of the wonton, it totally won me over.  Now I'm sad I have to wait to return to Vegas for more. The side of cucumber salad was super good too, the vinegar dressing was perfect. The waitress was great, the decor nice, the space was quiet for a Sat afternoon and the price totally worth every inexpensive penny. Found the needle in the Vegas haystack!
2	This is the only buffet in NYNY.  It's only for breakfast and something of an odd combination.  For starters it was $30 for two, not bad for a Vegas buffet.  That is until you see the offerings.  Strange pairings of eggs so firm they were more sliced than scooped, with BBQ pork loin for breakfast?  There were unusual items like pot-stickers and egg -fu-yung on the breakfast buffet.  The strange and small assortment of items left us not wanting to return, and we didn't.The 2 stars instead of 1 star was solely because the staff kept our cups full.
5	I am just reviewing some of my. . well, reviews. . .and wanted to say this place is still my fav Las Vegas Chinese food.  It is just delicious and my mom and I still go there,  split the orange chicken and enjoy every bite.  Perfect amount for the two of us even though we often feel compelled to order more.
4	i give this place 4 stars cause i eat alot of sushi and i live in seattle. but it prob is a 5 star sushi in vegas. the fried rice is real good as well.
2	Maybe I had to much to drink...We were in Vegas after all..but, I was so disappointed on my last visit to Chin Chin. We usually come here for their breakfast buffet because they have a great selection of breakfast munchies. We swung by for dinner and I wish, wish wish I would've just trekked over to another place. But, seeing that I usually enjoy their breakfast buffet, I figured that I would like their dinner selection and service. We ordered 4 pieces of sashimi, chow fun, shu mai and pork dumplings. The sashimi was ok, comparable to grocery store grade. the chow fun was bland and I had to kill it with hot sauce to make it edible. The pork dumplings were a weird , tough gelatinous blob that I couldn't stomach. The only enjoyable part of the meal was the shu mai which was decent. The service was good and I have always been fond of this place for breakfast so I'll come back for that. But, pass on the dinner service-the food sucks!!!
2	Very pretty and convenient restaurant. Our waiter was very attentive.  The food was a disappointment, though. The sushi was supermarket grade at best--stay away from it! Wor wonton soup was unorthodox and bland. The Mongolian beef, however, was pretty good. Hot and sour soup not bad if you like it BLAZING hot. Verdict: OK if you want spicy meat dishes; avoid the place if you're inclined to order fish.
2	We had the sweetest most attentive waitress here but unfortunately everything she brought us was horrible. The BF and I ordered the orange beef and Singapore noodles. The orange sauce was too tangy and got tiring really quickly. My noodles were so incredibly dry and had very little meat. It was incredibly bland. The portions are large here but what's the point of having a ton of food if it's gross?
1	With so many food options in Vegas, I would not typically choose to eat here as I always had the impression that Chin Chin's was super Americanized, overpriced Chinese food.    Well, unfortunately I wasn't wrong.  I went with the Chinese chicken salad because that's their "famous" dish.  It was OK but nothing special.  They were super stingy on the amount of chicken, and the ginger dressing was a bit strong.  The har gow (shrimp steamed dumplings) were horrible.  They were some of the worst I've had as they were really soggy, the dumpling skin was too thick, and the shrimp was unidentifiable and overcooked.  And to add insult to injury, I was super thirsty after my meal.  If they're going to use MSG so liberally, why doesn't the food taste better?  Never again!
4	Really good sushi happy hour and regular priced hand rolls. It was so easy to walk down stairs, order and take it back to the room while we got ready to go out. prices decent but they do need to update their on-line menu
2	Not impressed, nothing special.Stopped in here for dinner after Cirque Du Sole since it looked like a nice place to sit down and eat, but this is one of those instances where you don't judge a book by it cover. The service was pretty bad i'm pretty sure our waiter forgot about us at one point. And as for the food, nothing special I actually would consider it below average Chinese food.The verdict, don't bother unless its a last resort not worth your time!
2	I've stayed twice at NYNY and I went once with my hubby and sister in law and it was NOT authentic CHINESE food but watered down American style...  I mean hello have you guys ever heard of GINGER or GARLIC?!?!?I went again with my parents this past Feb and my mom was craving rice ( go figure :p) and I took em there.   * EGGPLANTHot and spicy blend of Japanese eggplant, purple onions,scallions and garlic.  - The eggplant was pretty good, it had much flavor and I think they actually put garlic in this one.. .. TEMPURA SHRIMP / shrimp tempura / avocado / cucumber / burdock / radish /  = The sushi roll was delish.  In Canada, this is called Dynamite Roll but is the US Dynamite is always something different in every place I have been to.  Rice was nice and fresh, shrimp was a decent size piece and veggies were fresh. Nice sauce on it as well. SHRIMP WITH SWEET AND SOUR SAUCE - Plump deep fried shrimp, red bell peppers, onions and pineapple chunks with sweet and sour sauce.This was normal and typical.. the sauce was bleh... just sour lol
4	service was good, had spicy seafood noodles. great taste, not too hot , not bland at all, good stuff :)
4	Good sushi at a decent price. To clarify I'd have to say this is this best sushi I've had on the strip, at a very decent price. Service wasn't bad considering we came around lunch time. We ordered several rolls and some crab cakes. The crab cakes were different than i have had before but enjoyable. The sushi was far better than two other locations I have been to on the Las Vegas strip. All in all a good experience.
5	Our server Terryl was the best server we had our entire trip to Vegas.  the food was great too.  Kung pao chicken was delish.
4	Pineapple Fried Rice is great!
1	Very lame. The pot sticker appetizers were lukewarm and undercooked, and served with some viscous orange-colored goo that managed to have almost no flavor at all. The kung pao chicken was LaChoy-ish - no heat, no sweet, and the peanuts tasted like they'd been recycled from a zoo cage. All in all a total disappointment. We will not be back.
4	Sat at counter and ordered sushi. Waiter was so nice. Sushi chefs made us an extra couple pieces to try in addition to what we ordered. Order 2 rolls get a hot saki. Rolls were pretty good. Not best I've ever had, but pretty good. Sushi chefs made me a cat out of an orange.
4	My friends and I went here on a Monday night and it was really nice.  Pretty mellow and it did not take long to get our food.  Service was kind of impersonal but it's not the worst I've ever had.  The sushi was really fresh and the prices were reasonable.  I'm not raving about this place but if I stay at NY NY again, I will definitely be visiting Chin Chin Cafe.  I recommend it for a sushi (or any Asian food) lover.
4	Came here for a quick late dinner. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and it was great!! Can't go wrong there! My mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl, she didnt like it that much, said the sauce tasted funny, I tasted it and thought it was fine. Oh well! My sister had the broccoli beef, so good!!! Probably our favorite dish!!! Service was nice and the restaurant was clean!! Would come back!!
2	Gross food, and with the name like Chin Chin, I should've known. Ordered the Wor Wonton Noodle Soup and Yang Chow Fried Rice.Wor Wonton Noodle Soup had a child's hand serving of noodles in a salty, msg-infused water, bbq pork was dry and the wontons were just a fail. Yang Chow Fried Rice was worse. Mooshy rice cooked in a pool of oil which gives it a huge unappetizing shine, and it was flavorless, you actually had to add soy sauce.  And every Asian knows you shouldn't have to add soy sauce to food like that....2 stars for decent service, waiter was nice enough to get a new batch of fried rice.
3	I was disappointed in my last outing to Chin Chin.  A large Hot & Sour Soup with shredded pork, carrots, green onions, tofu, jalapenos, and egg that I consumed myself was very good, and slightly crisp Chicken Spring Roll wrappers were good, but the insides were just okay and not very flavorful.  I had to keep dipping the deep-fried morsels in Sweet & Sour Sauce to enjoy some taste.  From now on I will stick to Vegetable or Shrimp Spring Rolls.  Shrimp with Garlic & Snow Peas featured good-sized, succulent shrimp, tasty snow peas, and small mushroom pieces, but I could have done without the carrots, and would have enjoyed a delicate crystal White Sauce better than the dark Brown Sauce with which the dish was immersed.  Cashew Shrimp was prepared with a much lighter Brown Sauce that I liked a whole lot better.I can only describe the Orange Chicken as weird.  It consisted of large chunks of chicken, peppers, and onions glazed with an Orange Sauce but not at all typical for this breed of Cantonese fare.  Szechuan String Beans were okay but unremarkable.  Most disappointing of all was Small Egg-Fried Rice with scallions.  The rice was richly bathed in soy-based Brown Sauce, and at first sighting had no visible egg in it.  I pointed this out to my server, and he volunteered to take back the dish and have more egg added, which I let him do.  Although improved, even upon its return the rice did not sport much egg.Hot Tea was good, and our pot lasted quite awhile.  But by the end of our dinner, even an unusual Chocolate Dome, consisting of Dark Chocolate Ganache that exposed Chocolate Mousse and white cake inside that was possibly honey-soaked after being cracked open, could not save the day for this rather ordinary meal.Our server was very good and accommodating.  And our surroundings that featured dark woods and white-linen tablecloths were comfortable and pleasant.  But there are just too many other better Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas that I have now experienced for me to go out of my way to return here.
3	Their food is pretty average..We ordered california roll and although it tasted fresh, it was just plain average.Their vegetable dumplings were good.Also their Singapore noodles were tad bland and not enough meat or vegetables.Their Flat noodles were the only thing I raved about at that meal.Service is great.There are better places around.
2	I ate here the other night with three dining companions.  We decided on this place after deciding to meet up at New York New York.My dining companions split both the edamame and star wontons for appetizers.  Since I had eaten recently, I personally did not partake in either of them but my friends raved about both appetizers.  For my entree I decided upon the Mongolian beef.  Having ordered it the waiter informed me that I would not get rice with it and would I like to order a side of it. I politely declined. My Mongolian beef consisted of steak and chives in a sauce with crispy noodles, cucumber and carrots on the side.  The cut of meat was a little better than I was used to in such dishes and the sauce was good.  However I found the dish to be weird, especially the cucumber pieces.  The only other thing of note is that my friends ordered three sushi rolls.  They were disappointed with the size of them but raved about the flavors.The bottom line for me is that I would probably not eat here again.  The food was just ok and I feel like better food could be found for the price.
4	My cousin and I ate dinner  here before going to see Zumanity. We had pineapple fried rice and curry chicken, both were excellent. The drinks were great too! She had a Grape soda cocktail and i had the Green Dragon Mojito, my favorite drink of the entire trip!. Our server Garfield was excellent, very friendly. Would definitely go back!
1	Food Poisoning !! Went to this restaurant in June of 2012 for lunch. Had the Shui Mei and pork steamed dumplings, along with the sampler sashimi plate. The food tasted sub-par at best. Several hours later, my companion was throwing up for the next 4 hours. Had to seek medical attention, a doctor was called to our room. My companion was trapped in the room for the next 2 days, dehydrated and too weak to travel. She could not eat at all, and we just stayed in. On the second day, I felt ill as well. This turned out to be a very expensive lunch, as the Doctor and the meds cost a large amount of money. So much for our vacation ! It was ruined, and we just left and drove back to L.A.. Since then (and it has been about 3 1/2 weeks since) Chin Chin management has not called back to discuss after I made reports to NY NY Risk Management Dept. I was told by NY NY that they lease and they passed the buck to Chin Chin, saying that they aren't directly responsible. All I can say is BEWARE of eating here ! My next call will be to the Nevada Health Dept. as I am getting no responses from either Chin Chin corporate or NY NY.
4	Between two Vegas trips, I've now been here three times. Wish I could give half stars, because I'd up this to four and a half if I could. The prices are very, very reasonable ($7 for pork buns, $6-10 for sushi rolls), and the food is top notch. The service is also great. I was nervous about making a 9:30 show across the street at MGM, sitting down to dinner with eight people a little after 8 p.m. We made it back across the street in plenty of time, and the waiter even courteously split our checks. Word of warning: I'd stick to the sushi and the dumpling-type stuff. The traditional Chinese food here is just average. That's why it gets four and a half stars instead of five. The sushi and the dumplings, on the other hand, are really good.The first time I went, I got the mongolian beef. Total meh. People who got other, typical Chinese food (lo mein, fried rice, etc.) had similar experiences. Came back this year and wised up, ordering a spicy tuna roll, some hot and sour soup and the chin chin bao. All of it was top notch. Their spicy tuna, especially, is among the better sushi I've ever had. I tried a little bit of other people's varieties (shrimp tempura, some specialty rolls) and they were really good, too. The Chin Chin bao? Wow. Three puffy, steamed pork buns that pack a delicious barbecue flavor, served with a REALLY spicy wasabi mustard (good if you're in to that, my spicy food loving friends tell me) and a tasty chili sauce for dipping. The buns really fill you up in a good way -- definitely enough for a meal with just them and the sushi. Had some open-faced dumplings that were really good, too. For ordering two sushi rolls, you get a sizeable jug of hot saki -- a nice touch. They also knew how to make a good Manhattan, though their bourbon selection was limited. I'll definitely be back if I come back to Vegas. Not only is the sushi a nice, light compliment to other heavy meals I'm likely to have, the prices are very low by Vegas strip standards.
1	Ordered the California rolls, beef chow fun and a teriyaki bowl togo and ate in our hotel room.  Chow fun was bland even thought it looked favorable. The beef tasted a lil sour. Teriyaki bowl was terrible. Chicken was way over cooked and dry...kind of hard. The sauce was did not taste like teriyaki sauce. It actually had a slight sour taste to it and kind of like the beef. Maybe they used the same marinate. My bf and I couldn't brig ourselves to take a second bite and we had to throw it out. The California rolls were pretty good though. Should have ordered more of those. :(
4	No, this isn't the highest end of Asian cuisine, but somehow, hubby and I always find ourselves here for a quick bite midst gambling.The bar area is perfect for something quick as well as a GREAT people watching post... because let's admit it - Vegas has a huge cast of crazy characters! The menu is basically "Asian" with offerings from a few countries. We went for a couple pieces of hamachi, a spicy tuna roll and then the assorted satay. The bar also seconds as a sushi bar and I love to watch the chefs do their thing. The bartenders are friendly. It's a nice vibe. No pretense here! I'd give their sushi a solid 8/10. As for the satay - it comes with two each of beef, chicken and shrimp with assorted sauces, I'd give a 6.5/10. I think the flavors could have been a little more "pow". Overall, I'd recommend as a quick bite or break from the casino floor. I've never eaten in the actual restaurant but the bar has the same menu. Since we've been here quite a few times before and never been disappointed, I know we'll be back!
1	The food here is pretty much inedible. We tried a number of different things and the only thing ok was a California roll from the sushi bar. The low point was the peanut noodles with chicken. It was a mushy pile of goo that tasted like rancid peanut butter. Two bites, pushed it away. Waiter noted that most of the items were not touched and actually asked if we wanted it to go. Really? How about asking "Did the food really suck? Or did you just order a bunch of stuff to throw away cuz your not hungry?" Seriously, I don't think they even realize it's bad. Only good news is that by Vegas standards it is relatively inexpensive, we only flushed about 50 bucks down the toilet....
3	This restaurant is located right by the elevator to our room.  We stopped by here numerous times before heading up to our room for drinks only.  Here's what I remember....In Vegas and needed a couple drinks to take back to the room to enjoy the hot tub.  12 oz Bud=$7.0022 oz Sapparo=$9.00Vodka soda=$11.00"Strong"Vodka soda=$11.00I didn't eat here but got drinks numerous times.  I strongly suggest using the word "strong" when ordering mixed drinks instead of using the word "double."  The breakfast buffet looked average, although we didn't try it.Will I again?.. No because I won't be staying at New York New York again.  Tootles
3	You don't come to New York New York for the Chinese food.  But if you find yourself needing some, this is probably the best and only alternative within the hotel.  Located right in front of the New Yorker Tower is Chin Chin.  Now it can be a bit confusing to see the name then to also notice the sushi bar inside is kinda confusing... so you would think this place is fusion themed but it's not.Service was great!  Our waiter knew to match our vibe and he was spittin out jokes and was pretty entertaining.  Onto our dishes:Sweet & Sour Pork - Very good!  I actually found myself eating the veggies more than the pork which is unlike me.  The veggies were fresh and crispy!  Just the right amount of sauce and rice is oh so good!BBQ Pork - Always a favorite of mine.  This was juicy and tangy just how I like it.Tsao Chicken - This is always a crowd pleaser.  The tanginess and tartness of this dish just goes so well with any rice dish.  Probably my favorite dish of the bunch.Shrimp Fried Rice - Talk about an abundance of shrimp.  There was literally 2-3 shrimps in every spoonful!  So I give this place a solid 3 stars.  For the location and convenience, it's definitely something to consider.  The price for each dish ranges from $8 - $15 which is reasonable given you're in a Las Vegas hotel.  If the portions were only a tad larger, then this would've been 4 stars.
3	Let's be honest - nothing in Sin City is cheap. For Vegas travelers on a budget, finding an inexpensive place to eat can be tough. During a trip to Las Vegas for the 2008 CES, my parents and I had dinner at Chin Chin at the New York-New York Hotel & Casino one night. The three of us agreed on this place as we had been looking for some Chinese food for some time. The prices were generally lower than those of other eateries in the area, so it seemed like an attractive place to eat. Unfortunately, the low prices were just about the only good thing about the restaurant. For starters, many of the dishes were over-seasoned. Case in point, the fried rice was extremely salty as it was literally drenched in soy sauce. The other items we ordered also had similar problems, and it was rather hard for us to eat the food as we prefer lighter tastes.The three of us also ordered some raspberry mousse cake for dessert. This, too, turned out to be a mistake as the cake seemed to be extremely heavy in fat and sugar. It was actually so greasy that it caused me to lose my appetite the following morning. I had split the slice with my parents, but even that didn't seem to help.The quality of service was not impressive either. It took the waitress five minutes to bring us the dessert menu, even though there were few other guests. After we ordered the cake, it took another five minutes for her to bring it to us despite it being a pre-made item.On the whole, I would not recommend this place. I understand one can't really judge a restaurant with a single dining experience, but my impressions are telling me to stay away from Chin Chin in the future.-- TL;DR version --Highs: Prices are relatively lowLows: Slow service; food is over-seasoned and greasyBottom line: You get what you pay for in Vegas. Low prices aside, there are better options.Final verdict: 2.5 stars (rounded up to three)
2	meals do not come with rice. way too expensive. get up and leave. wish I didchicken tastes old. dirty dishes.I would give it 1 star but the manager took off $5, what a joke.
1	absolutely worthless. the food is expansive and too salty, no test at all.
4	Not sure why all the bad reviews.  I ate at Chin Chin yesterday for lunch and found it pretty damn good.  I think peoples expectations are way to high, this is hardly a restraunt, more like a very nice cafe.  Anyways, I ordered the tangerine beef (which does come with rice, I read a review that said it did'nt?) and my wife ordered chow mein with shrimp.  Both of our meals were very good, same quality as a P.F. Changs. Prices were very reasonable considering it is in a nice hotel, we paid $44 for our meal, that's with tax and tip. All in all, we will definately go here again if we are craving chinese on our next trip. Only reason for not giving five stars is because I only give 5 stars to a place that blows my mind.  4 stars for me is above average.
4	After looking up all the other, more unique, Chinese food restaurant reviews in Vegas, we decided to go to Chin Chin.  I didn't feel like paying 3 times as much for food that got worse reviews than this chain.  I'd been to the one here in Southern California and knew we'd have a good meal.And we did!  The reservation we made was necessary on a Saturday night, but I think we called an hour before hand.  We both got drinks off their signature list.  They were strong, like we like em'.  I got the orange soda one and loved it!  They also have a full bar, naturally, Vegas...as well as a pretty good Sake list.  The hot and sour soup was a perfect starter.  I hadn't had it since my favorite, family owned, place down the street from me closed, probably because of their C rating, but that didn't stop me...they had a B when I started going there.  Anywho...it was good if not better than the homemade stuff they made.Our dishes came out fast, which normally isn't a problem, but we were trying to kill time.  Again, it's a Chinese food place, food usually doesn't take that long to cook.  Both our dishes were delicious.  I got the 3 meat kung pao.  It wasn't as spicy as I normally like it but the chicken, beef, and shrimp mix was excellent.  My girlfriend got the orange chicken and I was kind of upset I didn't either. I'm a sucker for it, and they did an excellent job.  Perfect amount of crispy, it's breaded, but not soggy.  Gah! I hate soggy Chinese food.  The peppers were fresh and tasty as well.Vegas has many options for food, almost too many, but if your craving consistent quality Chinese at a good price, you can't beat Chin Chin.  They also have a good selection of Japanese dishes along with Sushi and Noodles.  So you've got options.
4	We ate here after watching Zoomanity.  We had: Tempura Roll, Mongolian beef, Rice, and Chow Mein Chicken.  They all tasted pretty good for NY NY.  But make sure to get the opinion of an Asian server so you know which dish will taste good.  Don't eat the Dim Sum.
4	I came in with no expectations, and I ended up finding the food very good. Nice sized-portions as well.We started with a large bowl of Hot and Sour soup, which was enough to feed four people. I found the taste above-average and very enjoyable.We also had the pork steamed dumplings with sauce. This dish was pretty much like any steamed dumpling I've had (not bad). The garlic soy sauce was very good.For my meal I had the peanut noodles without chicken. They were delicious! I've always like peanut flavors in Asian food, but this was the first dish I've tried that was centered around it. It's a simple-looking dish and the flavor just stands out. There was enough for me to save as leftovers.I was impressed with the food here. I really didn't know what to expect at a Chinese-fusion restaurant on the strip, but it was delicious and I expect to go there again next time I'm in town.
5	Great service great people great food. I always come here for the same meal. Bbq pork, Chinese chicken salad, zechuan dumplings, & shrimp fried rice. If your looking for good Chinese food this is the #1 place to come. It's alil funny how they keep changing the restaurant inside.
1	I had a breakfast there once. The food wasn't good,the selections were limited and it was expensive.
3	Service was Great !! Ordered  Shrimp Fried Rice very Good.. . Mongolian Beef tasted good, but beef over cook (dry).
3	Their food is quite ok. I had the spare ribs, the potion size was alright and so was the taste. My gf had tomato garlic chicken which was quite good. The entrees do not come with rice and need to be ordered on the side. The food is expensive considering the potion size and quality. If you are living in New York New York, then it's one of the options to use up up your free dining credit, otherwise I am sure there are better options available for Chinese food.
1	Place was not good. Food taste bland and it is way over priced for what you get. Orange chicken was nasty and so was the fried rice. Won't be coming back here.
1	Certain clues indicate that a business is on the brink of failure or beaming with success. Chin chin at NYNY hotel casino is forging toward the former and a far cry from that latter.  In the past, I found the restaurant decent, but my most recent experiences tell me that it may be replaced or the existing operations management should be fired.The place has no identity, it's not a great Chinese restaurant, mediocre sushi bar, and a poor attempt at recovering revenue by acting as a morning breakfast buffet with bland continental offerings with a splash of " Asian" flavor to concur with the theme.Notice that there are more bad Yelp reviews of this place than good... Not a a good sign.Food presented as large portions, but its a "smoke and mirrors" tactic. Mostly fillers and lacking in authentic flavor. Tastes like they took a wok and splashed the kitchen in there with an extreme amount of soy sauce without paying close attention to wok temp, and amount of the authentic spices, or lack thereof.If you like Panda Express and want to overpay 3x its value then Chin Chin at NYNY will suit your tastes.
3	We went here for Breakfast Buffet on a Monday morning because we wanted to ride the roller coaster and I knew this restaurant would not be busy.  It wasn't and we were seated right away.The buffet is a blend of American breakfast items and a few Chinese items.  I was disappointed there weren't more Chinese items on the buffet but it was still pretty darned good.American:  Fruit, waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon (good), link sausage (good, large, delicious).Chinese:  Egg rolls, Fried rice, and BBQ Pork that was REALLY good.Service was fairly good.  Food was hot.  A tad spendy but not bad for Vegas.Not a destination but good if you're nearby.
2	The service was very slow. Took forever for drinks. The breakfast buffet was limited but the food was good. Service workers were cold and appeared to want you in and out. Probably wouldn't go back.
1	Yes the service was slow, and the hostess acted like she didn't want to seat us.  Within 12 hours of eating here, I got sick to my stomach.
5	This restaurant is my favorite place on the strip to eat and my favorite thing about staying in the NYNY hotel. Not only can I eat my meal in the bar, close to the casino, but the yakisoba noodle dish I order - each and every time I stay here - is bombdiggity. I know it's weird to like a restaurant this much, over just one dish...however; when you find something you really, really like, you must stick with it. That means, I will walk over from the MGM or the Excalibur (God forbid I have to ever stay there again) or catch the tram from the Luxor or Mandalay Bay to have my favorite bowl of yakisoba. After all, buffets are only fun the 1st day or 2. Then, it's just too much and too expensive (the average about $25 now and higher on Sunday mornings). The restaurant itself is clean and lovely, especially for a Chinese restaurant. No offense, but Chinese restaurants are usually adorned with dated Chinese decor. This place is modern, light and sparse. Not dark and spooky (at least, that's what the Chinese restaurants in Portland are like). I don't have plans to visit Vegas in the near future, but can say for certain that I will eat here when I return.
1	I loathe you, Chin Chin. I loathe that you were the closest breakfast option to my hotel room on a work trip to Vegas. I loathe that I ate at the horrendous breakfast buffet for 4 days straight. I hate that it takes forever to get a check considering that everyone orders everything they can possibly order within 30 seconds of being seated. I've ordered coffee and your 16 dollar plates of dry eggs, fatty bbq pork and undercooked fried rice, what the hell else can you possibly charge me for? Just bring the check and get rid of the pretense that I'm somehow sitting down for a real meal in an actual restaurant. Oh yeah, and about the breakfast buffet fried rice? I'm onto you. Fried rice is traditionally made with cold day old rice that's had a chance to let the starch set up so it doesn't turn to mush when fried. You're trying to get around this by undercooking fresh rice, but it doesn't work. It just comes out a little crunchy and unpleasant in the center. I couldn't tell if the lump in my throat was barely edible fried rice, or tears welling up because I was forced to eat here again after working until 2am the previous night.After trying the other breakfast options I ended up getting this bacon fried rice for 4 days. That says all I need to say about the other breakfast options. If, for whatever reason you end up here for breakfast just pile a bunch of scrambled eggs on your plate, cover liberally with ketchup and call it a meal. It's really the only sane way out.Fortunately I expensed the eightygodddamnedollars I spent here or I'd be really pissed. Oh, and the fruit is sour.
2	If you're ok with take-out quality Chinese food at Vegas casino prices, this place will do. If you want sushi, avoid it. The sushi was flavorless, rubbery, viciously overpriced. Their saki menu is limited to $40/bottle low end stuff and $16/bottle pink stuff. Not a Japanese restaurant. I've had supermarket sushi experiences that trump this by a mile.
2	Sunday Brunch = Runny eggs, oddly seasoned breakfast potatoes, and a slew of underwhelming dishes; however, decent sausage, bacon, pot stickers, and above average table service kept my dining experience above water. A fair amount of steam tray options, and the cooks seemed on top of keeping everything fresh and refilled.For me it was NOT worth the $15. I guess it's more the convenience of dining in (if you're staying at NYNY) than walking to Denny's or elsewhere.
4	Not sure why everyone on here is hating on Chin Chin.  I've been twice and both times it's been solid.  When eating in Vegas, I am always ready for the food to be pretty generic (unless I'm eating somewhere super fancy, which never happens!), and pretty overpriced.That being said, our group of 4 ordered 2 entrees: the dynomite roll and veggie spring rolls.  We also ordered 2 entrees: peanut noodles, and sweet and sour tofu.The 4 of us had plenty to eat and got out of there for $60 total.  Not too bad.The sushi roll and peanut noodles are my favorite.  I've had the peanut noodles both times I've been.  They are filling, spicy, and full of peanut deliciousness.
1	Wanted to treat family members to a nice dinner, but was so disappointed!  The beef-broccoli had inedible mushrooms; they were like shoe leather!  I had to spit one out in a doily that was under a teapot (didn't want to use my cloth napkin for this).  I couldn't even cut it with a knife!  The noodles had a bad texture and flavor; they tasted old & gummy.  The orange chicken was pretty good, I stuck with that & my rice, which they charge extra for.  Most Chinese restaurants include rice with their entrees.  Our party of four had a bill of $66.97 & that was without drinks (only 1 in the group had a pot of hot tea).  I wouldn't have minded the high price if the food was good.
2	Bad sushi, do not try the coconut nigori, it's not that good. Everything is overpriced for the poor quality fish. Avoid this place, or just order the Kung Pao Chicken. You can never go wrong with that. But at this price, you'd be better off at Panda Express.
4	The food was excellent! We started off with the wonton stars (crab wontons) with a delicious Thai chili sweet sauce for dipping. Unlike most places, the wontons were packed with cream cheese! So good! For dinner I had the Tomato Garlic Chicken it was DELICIOUS! So flavorful with a lot of chicken, water chestnuts and green bell peppers. The others I was with ordered Kung Pao Chicken, California Rolls, and Lo Mein. Everything was excellent And our dishes came with a choice of brown, white or fried rice. The service on the other hand was slow as molasses.  Not to mention our waiter was just completely rude, I would say however I would come back for the food, but they need to do something with their staff!
2	Consider Chin Chin as a step up from P.F. Chang's, only with sushi. And that sushi was all right; I noticed lots of the spicier rolls included the ever-dreaded spicy mayo on them. Which, by the way, when did mayo on sushi become all the rage? It's gross!The server, however, was very accommodating and a sweetheart for breaking up checks for a group of 13.
2	Service was ok. steamed rice was very dry. Mongolian beef had a good taste.  Mushu chicken was very bland and had to ask for plum sauce to be able to eat it. Would not recommend.
5	We have been to this restaurant twice and both times was great. Sushi is wonderful, just stay away from the saki. It is awful. Service is great but is a but pricey, but you are in Vegas.
3	After walking around New York New York  and only seeing steak, pizza, and pasta, we were happy to find Chin Chin. Pineapple rice was delicious and the the sushi roll was fresh.  It was exactly what we were looking for.
1	Be wary of this place - used a certain credit card here once during my whole vegas trip, and 3 months later find it has been skimmed and a bunch of fraudulent charges show up.
4	As always, the spicy tuna tartare with avocado on fried wontons was excellent.  I hate that I have to travel 1000 miles just to eat this.
2	Great welcoming staff & friendly service.  The sushi was just average.  It need some improving.  Also, there was a mess up on the order that shouldn't of be missed.
5	During our weekend rendezvous here in Vegas, New York New York was the hotel we were staying at. We actually had a breakfast buffet here. For only $14 for each person from 7-1pm, that wasn't bad at all. The food was very good. I actually liked their triangular hash browns-reminded me of the ones that were given when I was back in  grade school. The wait wasn't long at all-we were sat in one minute after arriving. It was a very peaceful time we had here. The staff were very courteous and always refilling our drinks for us. I have yet to try their lunch menu, but for my next trip here,I will be sure to.......
3	The app sampler was good and the wanton soup was great . But the drinks are not cheap so watch it .
3	Solid food, excellent service and decor doable  :) Would I come back here if I was in Vegas again...probably......ok maybe not, the food is solid but it's also pretty forgettable. However, I will give them 5 stars for service. The servers there were incredibly accommodating and made sure to take extra care of the people in our group who had certain food allergies. We ordered the sampler appetizer platter, which had some good things like the egg rolls, but the other chicken dishes and dumplings were pretty boring...not bad...but not exciting either. The entrees of garlic eggplant and sweet crispy chicken...again good...buuuuttttt not "oooo I want to come back and eat more of this" good. All in all, solid Chinese food, service excellent and atmosphere like a PF Changs, BUT when you're in a city like Vegas and there are so many other food options to explore, I would give Chin Chin a miss. The food just isn't that special for you to miss out on all the other great culinary experiences the city has to offer :)
1	The worst wait staff I have experienced in a long time. Felt compelled to write a review. Need new management!  Hurry!  Not worth visiting. A shame - my experience with this chain had been good...
2	I was in here for dinner while on vacation.  Having stayed at NY NY at least two times a year for the last 15 years, I know the restaurant well.  For a Friday night, I was amazed how empty this place was.  I agree with many of the posts here that Chin Chin has "lost its way" over the years. The menu is insanely large.  I had the crab cakes as an appetizer and had a sweet and sour chicken along with a large plate of fried rice.  My guest had a chopped chicken salad.  While the food was O.K., it just wasn't worth the final tab (including two cocktails) that was over $78.00.  For that kind of price there are simply better options while in Vegas.
2	I would rate it a 5 out of 10.  I had Mu Go Gai Pan.  Very little vegetable. Really only celery, which tasted pretty good.  The sauce was nothing special.  Could have been at any small town restaurant.  One step up from going to the buffet.
4	Great breakfast buffet just 13$ with a drink. Huge variety eggs pastries meats. Must try it's a great deal!
3	Spent this weekend in good ol' Vegas. My friend and I wanted to stop in and get our sushi fix. I have never been to this restaurant and was already expecting it to be on the pricey side since it's Vegas. Everything is overpriced. Anyways, they had a deal going on buy 2 sushi rolls, get the 3rd free. We figured that would be good so we ordered a dragon roll, rainbow roll and a lucky seven roll along with a dim sum appetizer called the assorted pleasures dish.The appetizer came with 2 chicken pot stickers, 2 fried chicken wontons, 2 gift wrapped chicken pieces (chicken wrapped in foil w/cilantro) and a spring roll cut in half. The waitress brought out some dipping sauces. One of them was an apricot sauce that was similar to duck sauce which tasted amazing. I dunked the spring roll and pot sticker in that. The chicken pot stickers and wontons were both pink on the inside. I don't think the pot stickers were thoroughly cooked.When our sushi came, all 3 rolls were on one plate. That only meant one thing: the rolls were tiny. And they were itty bitty. Don't get me wrong, the sushi was delicious but these rolls are priced out between $12-18 dollars. They were almost the size of a quarter. I hate to sound like a sushi snob, but I've had bigger rolls for less than $15 and of awesome quality. Well, what do you expect? It IS Vegas after all.I'd say nay to the sushi next time and would probably try some of their other dishes.
4	5 stars for the dinner menu,  but only 3 stars for the breakfast buffet.  The breakfast buffet is just so-so. Nothing special and the taste was just okay.  Onto the dinner menu: excellent! Our waiter was super nice and completely on top of his game so we didn't wait long for anything.  And the food was delicious.  The sushi rolls were perfectly made (and quickly too). We also ordered walnut chicken,  pad thai, mu Gu guy pan,  seafood noodles,  and wanton soup to share around the table.  Everything came in large portions and was cooked to perfection.  Definitely recommend for a group meal.
1	First impressions generally tell me what the future will hold ... with this restaurant, it's unremarkable.  I ordered the pineapple fried rice, which is mixed with cashews and shrimp.  The shrimp are tiny and the pineapple is small and few as well.  The whole meal was marginal at best.  There are so many other places to eat in this city.  Skip this place or try their sushi, and go somewhere else.   PS: Service was friendly and affable.
1	Our first night in Vegas we ate here. The waiter had serious attitude! We ordered miso soup and told the waiter it was really salty. His response: "yeah several other people have said that!" really? lol! Then came cold lettuce wraps and when we told him we just got a "sorry" no offer to replace! I ordered the curry chicken and the potatoes were raw and no sauce very dry! Then the manager came over and kindly offered to redo my plate. He whisked all my food away while I watched my husband and son ate. They brought my steamed rice about 10 mins before the replacement meal and then it was cold by the time the chicken curry came back! Potatoes still raw but no one even asked! Don't you think all the chicken and sauce gone and potatoes on the plate was a great clue lol! No offer to comp or reduce price. The next day I called Andrea (the I don't give a s.... manager) who basically said give us another try to screw u out of $100 and guess what I did! 3 days later breakfast buffet a lady waitress Kanae at least no attitude but she pours a 1/2 cup of water and says "I'll be back!" no refill of water, coffee or OJ! OMG lady what would you do if you had to bring food too! Why is it overpriced restaurants in resorts get to bring crappy food and bad service for very high prices and they don't care and we keep going?????
3	They offer sushi at this location, but I would not recommend it. The Chinese chicken salad is amazing, but I was not impressed with the hand rolls. Service was ok.
4	We actually had the brunch buffet here which I was fairly pleased with.  There is a plenty to choose from and it is a good deal if you want to avoid the more expensive buffets that are found elsewhere around the Strip.  I enjoyed all that I got and my husband loved that fried rice was included on the menu.
2	I was staying at the NY NY and I headed straight for this restaurant after check in just because I love asian food, and none of the other food choices in the hotel really appealed to me (not that interested in italian, hot dogs, pizza or burgers -- boring).  As soon as I got there I asked for a booth -- they claimed they didnt have any although I'm pretty sure I saw some open in the back.  So I took a seat at the bar anyways, which I didnt really like because it's such a public area the way it's placed, with everyone walking by through the casino right next to me while I'm trying to eat.  First thing I do is look at the drinks menu -- only  a handful of cocktails with even less that look appealing. I ordered the lychee martini, and as it turns out, they can't make it because they stopped making the lychee liquor.  Alright. Well somehow tons of other restaurants still manage to serve these,so whatever. I ordered another drink in which I could taste the vodka way too much.  Then I ordered the cream cheese wontons.  The server comes back a few minutes later, and guess what, they don't have that either.  Alright, fine, I order gyoza instead.  Surprise surprise -- the server returns again and let's me know that they don't have gyoza either.  In fact they dont have any of the fried dim sum.  At an Asian restaurant. At 630 in the evening.  Seriously? They aren't apologetic about it at all.  I was pretty nice about it, albeit rightfully disappointing, which they didnt seem to appreciate for some reason.  So I went ahead and just ordered the crispy honey shrimp. I order that a lot at Elephant Bar, and it was pretty good here but not comparable.  The quality/texture of the meat was weird.  It seemed...dry?  I'm not sure how to explain it.  It was a Not a particularly enjoyable experience, and maybe they should stock up better next time.  From here on out I'll just stick to Ra Sushi -- its on the other side of the strip but it's worth the trip!
2	Maybe it was the evening but the food was mediocre and service was slow.The drinks took 15 minutes.   We ordered appetizers.   The appetizers were uninspiring.    The appetizers did not taste as if they were made on site but purchased thru a service company (ex. Sysco ).My friends ordered the sushi and ment I need it was pleasant but nothing to write home about. I ordered the General Tso Chicken.  My sauce was bitter (thinking it was mixed with something or not prepared correctly.The wait staff was pleasant but slow.   I would skip this place and find something more appealing.Please note that you can see the kitchen staff.   They too seem uninspired which is probably reflective of the food.
2	So I decided to go here after it received a good review in one of the Vegas coupon books and a Chinese breakfast buffet sounded interesting.  I loved the New York/New York hotel and casino but Chin Chin was a dissappontment.  The buffet was small and the only Chinese offerings were fried rice with sausage (really?) and some sort of egg roll...still not sure what was inside.  The wait staff looked really unhappy.  It was just ok.
5	Great service! Everything came out really quick. The food was cooked well, the meat was practically falling off the bone. The veggies were seasoned and my favorite thing was the fried rice. Everything was so good!
3	I enjoyed the breakfast quite well. The veggie eggs with goat cheese was refreshing to find in a buffet. Fried rice breakfast style was different but tasty. I like that they also have plain yogurt instead of vanilla or strawberry but they have quite a variety of sinful yuminess too for the eater that is not so health conscious. Staff was pleasant. Smiled and checked on us periodically.
3	Excellent service, average food. Restaurant prices are very high on the Strip. This Chinese restaurant in New York New York, has more reasonable prices. We had dinner there twice. Nothing was outstanding but nothing was subpar. I would have driven to Chinatown but driving in and out of the Strip is onerous.
5	Chin Chin at the New York New York Casino & Resort is one of the best in Vegas!! It has a pleasant atmosphere with excellent service and even better food. I got the Chinese Chicken Salad, which is to die for, the dressing makes the salad. I had it every day for lunch during my stay. Kyle, I believe to be the General Manager came to my table to make sure all was good, and it was! 5 stars to them! Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be coming here and so should you!!
5	I was staying at new york new york casino over the weekend for a bacholorette party and who knew that Chin Chin has a breakfast buffet. First off I thought this can't be good but I was surprised. Selections was good and my favorites was the red velvet pancakes stuffed with cream cheese, traditional eggs benedict, and man o man the chocolate covered strawberries. Bonus if you showed your room key you get a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary which of course  I went for the bloody mary for my hangover cure. The staff here to all work together making the service excellent. Definitely will come back and try their dinner menu.
1	My husband and I went to Chin Chin on Friday night May 16 2014. I explained to the waitress I have an egg allergy and couldn't have any mayo or mayo based sauces. She seemed to understand. When she brought our sushi I thought the inside of the roll was cream cheese. I didn't think to ask. The first and only bite I took I realized it had mayo inside. We sat there for a long time waiting for the waitress to come back so I could ask her about the mayo. Her response was, "well there's only a little mayo to bind the crab inside." Too bad I don't have a little allergy. The manager came over to apologize but didn't even offer to take care of the bill. I had to find a place that sold Benadryl to counter act the allergic reaction. I have been sick since then. If you need or want your food made a certain way don't go to Chin Chin. I am incredibly disappointed in the experience we had.
1	After making this place my first stop in Vegas every year for 10 years this will be my last. Service and good was way off tonight. I could get better at a Panda Express
3	I'm reviewing only their breakfast buffet. Didn't partake of their regular menu. It's a small breakfast buffet -- obviously not your standard Vegas mega-buffet. That said, it didn't cost as much as your standard Vegas mega-buffet. Just $17 each. It was a decent selection of breakfast staples -- waffles, pancakes, eggs, french toast, biscuits & gravy, sausage, bacon, and even not so typical things like egg rolls, pot stickers, and fried rice.Service was quick and on top of things, even with the Memorial Day crowd. So if you're wanting a buffet, but looking for a smaller, less crowded breakfast buffet, head over to NY NY and check out Chin Chin.
5	Came here for a quick dinner.  I wasn't expecting much, but they far exceeded my expectations based on the yelp reviews.  Between the two of us we ordered the 1) chicken mushu - flavorful and chicken wasn't dry, 2) sliced bbq pork - i love slice bbq pork and this did not disappoint!, 3) wonton stars - it's not just artificial crab, I could really taste the real crab, 4) shrimp with snowpeas - i love snowpeas and they tasted fresh, shrimp were a decent size too and not scrawny like some places i've been, 5) spicy garlic eggplant - nice kick to the dish, very flavorful, my favorite 6) combination fried rice - nice big pieces of chicken, beef, and more shrimp!...Sometimes I just really crave fried rice and this really hit the spot!Service was good enough.  Water was always filled.  No complaints!  Left happy and full...bill was a tad high but...that's to be expected in Vegas.
4	My meal at Chin Chin was better than I expected.  The menu is full of the food that you'd find in any local Americanized Chinese take out place along with various other Asian foods like Sushi and Pad Thai.  I didn't see any Pho or Bulgogi and I was almost expecting them.I hadn't eaten all day and because the underwhelming size of a previous meal at the nearby Gonzales y Gonzales, I may have ordered too much.  I got a Spicy Rainbow Roll and the Peanut Noodles.  They were both good, larger than I expected, and not under-spiced. Even better, I didn't wake up thirsty in the middle of the night because of too much salt or MSG.I would have liked to see more sushi and sashimi options, but to complain about it at a Chinese restaurant seems weird.  I would have also have liked to try something that I couldn't get at home and sadly, the Peanut Noodles were about as close as I could get.
5	Surprising to find a Chin Chin in Vegas! I've been to Chin Chin in LA and loved it so I had to check it out here. Couple of awesome differences than LA. -They have a full bar so you can drink right before the cirque du soleil show (which we did)-SUSHI-They have a breakfast buffet here!We started off with sushi. Since the entire table wanted some sushi and sashimi, we asked to the sushi chef to go crazy with an assortment. (Pictures to follow)After sushi we stuck with our favorites..Chinese chicken salad, chicken potstickers, wonton stars. We only ordered apps since we got full off drinks and sushi.Overall extremely friendly staff from the start to end. Managers seem to really care and table touch all the tables. Next time I come back to Vegas, I'll be coming back here for another meal.
5	I received probably the best service ever from Chin Chin when my group of five came here last Monday. Our server was beyond courteous and made some awesome recomendations for both food and beverages! Service on the strip is normally pretty good.. but this was beyond that.. and to top it all off, the food exceed our expectations as well.Defintely make your way here if you're in the mood for delicious Chinese food / sushi. I highly recomend this one!
2	Chin Chin? No no. I will say that the service was fantastic and that is why I gave it the 2nd star, however the food is so bad. The lettuce wraps were the best thing we had but that's not saying much. The potstickers smelled like ass and tasted plain. The apricot chicken was bland and unappetizing and the house noodles tasted smokey and burnt. It was not good. Find another Chinese restaurant.
3	The food was OK. It's not very good but not bad either. The best part of this place is the price. Pretty much every restaurant in Las Vegas are expensive so this is a cheap place with a lot of food in your plate.
5	First I like you o know that I travel most of the time by myself, and with that said I,  I had one of the most amazing times at Chin Chin!!! The three people at the bar were awesome made me feel like I was one of their family members. Never felt like I was alone sitting there Dana was one of the most attentive bartenders I've ever met!!! Again I travel for a living and bartenders like that our award winners! I have eaten at chin chins in California most of them, by far this young lady takes the cake of bartenders at Chin Chin, she has a  award winning smile that Chin Chin should have for all there employee! The sushi chef was also awesome Ben! I had a great time to talking to both of them and the third bartender. Chin chins you have 3 great individual people working for you! Hats off to you!!!
5	Awesome sushi. Ask for crispy flakes and spicy mayo...my favorites. April was awesome and got us in and out quick. Thank you!
2	Some dishes better than others. The service was bad. Poor service! Our waiter thought it was more important to buss a table than to get our forks while our food was already at our table. Do you expect me to eat Meat with a spoon? Luckily the manager saved the day by bringing everything we asked for.
1	This place is terrible.... we were seated right away but it took 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us.... we get our drinks and our order in.... dumplings and seafood noodles.... it took 30 minutes  for these two items... The place wasn't even busy... When we finally got our food we were very disappointed.  The noodles were overpowered in soy sauce and the shrimp and scallops were over. cooked. The dumplings were absolutely tasteless.... I didn't dare send them back because I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes. I couldn't complain to the server anyway because after the food was dropped....we were forgotten about.... never again at this place .... I suggest you do the same
1	Food is SubPar!! well below average!When a "Resturant" has Pictures in the menu then you know the quality is not going to be great. We ordered War Wonton soup, and 45 minutes later received the wrong order, then waited again for correct order and both broths were reminiscent of what I would imagine fish tank water tastes like.I ordered the Crab Wonton ""Appetizer"" and after a third time asking they showed up at our table after our entire party was done eating... that is Not Acceptable!The Manager was notified by our waiter after complaining about the soups and refusing the appetizer but Never came over to apologize or offer any resolution ... again Not Acceptable!The waiter took the one soup off and the appetizer while missing the wrong order deduction I had the manager come over. He began to argue with irritability that the correct amount was taken off. in the end I left  hungry and wasted 1hr45min of my time
3	You have to get the Chinese chicken salad! They have a chin chin in studio city, so when I found out they had it in vegas I had to go. I've been to this location a few times, sometimes the service is excellent, sometimes it's not very good honestly. It really depends on your server, but I've never had that problem in studio city.
4	Went with a big group. Our service was very good. I had the vegetable pot stickers and veggie lettuce wraps. Both were better than I expected. The lettuce wraps came with this fantastic fried tofu with so much flavor I thought I was eating teriyaki chicken. Overall this place is pretty casual, a combination of all types of "american" asian food from Chinese to sushi. Overall, the food was not very authentic but, for the price, pretty good.
3	Went at dinner time on a Sunday night and there was no wait and we were seated promptly. Wife ordered the sweet and sour pork with a side of white rice, I ordered the chicken and rib combo with fried rice and vegetables. Food came out in about 20 min, and it was ok. Wife enjoyed her food, my chicken was dry, and the ribs were good, but not great. The fried rice was ok, would have been better if they gave you the option to add shrimp or chicken to it, but since it came with the meal that wasnt an option. The thing I don't like is 90% of the sides are a la carte so if you want chow mein or fried rice with your meal be prepared to pay $10-$15 more. Overall you can get better and that's sad for me to say as I'm a big NYNY fan. Our waitress ( who was the bartender helping out) was awesome!!!
2	Came here looking for a nice Chinese restaurant, and happened to choose this place in the sea of Chinese places on the Strip. Our first warning should have been that this Chinese restaurant carries Sushi....thinking it would still be good, but slightly un authentic, I took my family here.i If you want unauthentic, overpriced, and cold chinese food, come to Chin Chin. I watched our entrees sit by the kitchen for about 15 minutes before finally being prepared and taken to us...they were needless to say, cold. Our bill was refunded, however the server insisted on having us pay for the drinks. The manager came over and let us leave...still being hungry we went to a fast food chinese place, better than this garbage at Chin Chin!
2	Chin-Chin was our last choice for dinner and it wasnt that great.  I have had way better chinese and definitely better sushi.   If you can afford something else in NY, NY,  go elsewhere.
4	Service here was exceptional, our server was on top of everything and very accommodating. The maggolian beef was very tender and flavorful, I would order again the con pau chicken on the other hand was just ok, not my style and no kick to it at all. Other then that it's a nice little place tucked into NY NY that will provide great service and good Chinese food while in the area. I wish I could remember my servers name so I could give him his credit but unfortunately I've been eating out every night the last week and I've met great servers at each place and I'm drawing a blank.
1	This was our 2nd time eating at this establishment. We waited 30mins for our meal and as everyone was eating their food I had to ask 2 different waitresses when my meal was coming up. I continue to wait at least another 10mins but by now I just got up and settled for the lukewarm pizza with no taste across the way. It took a while to get that delicious pizza and while I was walking back I noticed that my meal had FINALLY arrived..  My family told them I canceled it and I complained to the waitress and the manager and all I got was a sad face from them. To top off my night, I waited some more to pay the bill with my credit card and asked some random waiter behind me if he could just process it for me but he said that my waitress will be right with me! At this time now my Husband chimed in and just paid cash cuz he did not wanted to be in this horrible restaurant one second more.
4	Second time here during our stay at the New York New York in Vegas.Potstickers with chicken as an appetizer. Tasty and juicy.Afterwards we had the Tomato and Garlic Beef. The meet was tender, the vegetables were crispy, and the sauce was extremely good. Portions are big, we (two) shared one main dish and the both of us got really full.
4	I like this place...its like a poor mans PF Chang's. Its good food if your at The New York New York Casino. I typically only eat here and at Starbucks when I am at this hotel...The blonde haired asian hostess is really hot and that is my standard reason for eating here. She can walk me to my table...ANYTIME! lol
3	Im a sushi nut. This was just mediocre. Service was good.  Food was fair but overpriced. Highly recommend looking elsewhere for the money
2	Very pedestrian and underwhelming.Ripped seats, fortunes and plastic wrappers on floor. Food was okay at best.If you are in Vegas because you are from the Midwest and not used to the lights of Sin City, you will be fooled into thinking that Chin Chin is worthy of your money.  Don't make that mistake.
4	Having worked in the hospitality industry for many years, I am a firm believer that a guest should be able to get in and out of a restaurant in 45 min - 1 hr if they so choose. So, thank you Chin Chin. I had my fill of sushi and was in and out in just under an hour and back to doing things people do in Vegas - like generally pretending they have more money than they do.
2	We had sushi, 2 entrees.  California roll, spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura.  Pad Thai and Honey shrimp.$75 total bill. It was definitely a poor man's PF Changs. Sushi was very low rated. Pad Thai was terrible. Honey shrimp was ok. Spend your money on a good piece of pizza across the way.
1	This place is bad.Breakfast is very similar to what you would get at a Mexican Resort, except much less.  The food quality is fine except it is limited to a few items. The service is awful.
2	I was slightly underwhelmed by this place. I had mistakenly ordered their Monkey Brain, which turned out to be a hollowed out avocado stuffed with who-knows-what... When I informed the waitress that I anticipated an actual roll, she gladly provided me with the menu so I could make a selection of something I'd eat but neglected to remove the Monkey Brain from my receipt, which I did not eat any of. It would have been nice if she would have informed me that I was ordering something other than a roll, obviously not being from around Vegas.. SO that was $9 wasted. On a positive note, my cup of hot and sour soup was pretty delicious and the second item that I ordered was the NY Roll.. It was okay - I was only able to eat half of it by the time I finally got it to the table. Drink prices were insane, so we skipped on those. Overall I feel like this place is way overpriced for mediocre food. It'd be a hard sell getting me back in here again.
4	I had the lo mein and it was pretty darn good, but then again I was super hungry. We also go the plum sake and it was really good. We had a great server that was very attentive, because we were all chugging water. It was nice because they had a few gluten-free items (not many, maybe 5); we had 2 in our party that are gluten intolerant so it was nice to see. I was overall satisfied when we left. The atmosphere was nice and not too crazy but relaxing.
1	Bad customer service.Server forget my napkin, he didn't come back to even ask me how's my food. I have to asked the hostess for my check. Not coming bank and won't recommend to my friends.
2	Bigger mistake than a huge field bet on 12 at the craps table.Speaking of crap, the Chinese Chicken Salad was dry, devoid of flavor and the "red ginger dressing" had no binder, like oil, to bring things together. It was tomato paste and ginger smeared in a gelatinous glob on my scant chicken chunks, iceberg lettuce and wonton strips. Inedible, and our server, Manny, never asked why it went uneaten. I am guessing that is a dangerous question for a server to ask at Chin Chin.Steve's Mongolian Beef was overly sweet and cloying and while he felt that he liked it initially, after about three bites he was actually eyeballing my shit show of a salad in the futile search for something with a little acid to balance out the flavor of his sugary beef. (His miserable pork fried rice was certainly no help as it lacked any complexity of flavor and tasted like hot, greasy wok.)The pork wontons were so average as to be unmemorable except for being over-priced and served with some incongruent pineapple reduction. When I asked Manny for traditional pot sticker sauce he cheerfully dropped off a bottle of soy sauce as he cruised past our table. Um, no...Ninety bucks and we both left hungry.
4	Everything about our recent visit to Chin Chin's was great. Very friendly service, and all four items - Chinese chicken salad, shumai, cilantro dumplings, and Yang Chow fried rice - were great. The salad was dressed perfectly and had lots of chicken. The shumai might have been the best item. The fried rice was prepared without soy sauce (as the menu indicated) so it could have been bland but we liked it a lot. Last visit might have been ten years ago and I remember thinking the salad and dumplings were not as good as my first experience decades ago in Studio City. This time it rocked. We will definitely stop by next time we're in Vegas.
4	Got a late start on breakfast.  So we just ate at the first buffet we passed.  This buffet had a very small selection of food but it was good.  My favorite was the Mimosa. The manager came around and greeted us and accommodated my request for the mimosa and it was the good champange too.  Yummy
2	Ordered the pepper tofu and was expecting it to be a nice pepper sauce!!! All we got was tofu in pepper with no salt !!! Could not eat it with rice. Had to ask for sauces and fix it on the table. Thanks but I can eat at home if I need to cook my own food !
1	My parents went here just recently (Sunday, December 28th 2014) they had a gift card. They asked me to write this review because they were tremendously disappointed. Like I said, they came here with a gift card. They told the waitress (she was actually very sweet) she explained that she had to ask the manager. When the manager approached my parents she was very rude. She told them that they don't take gift cards, even though the gift card had this particular address on the front. When my parents asked why the gift card had this address right on the front, she replied that SHE had the right to refuse gift cards at any time and walked away abruptly.  This manager was so rude to my parents that the waitress apologized several times. We are big P.F. Chang fans, they have NEVER turned our gift cards away. If we ever want a high end Chinese Restaurant we will be sure to go to the more honorable place. In addition, the food isn't worth the hassle.
3	In NYNY Casino. I ordered a dirty martini with the money brain (spicy tuna stuffed inside avocado "shell" with eel sauce on top) and salmon sashimi. The drink and food was pretty good. Not the best but good standard sushi. Service was fine and prices were fair. Casual setting. I would return if I happened to be in that casino and was in the mood for sushi but wouldn't seek out a visit to this restaurant specifically.
