3	Lots of pool tables, friendly waitresses, good long islands and they have Guiness on tap. The crowd isn't always the best because of it's location but as long as you are there with a couple of friends it doesn't really matter.
1	I play squash racquet's, a sport favored by the east coast "elites" from them Ivy League schools, those snooty Britishers and the Pakistani leisure class:) Why they let me play, I'll never know:)Last evening, we had a little tourney in which a group of us from the Village traveled to the outer reaches of Tempe to play a group from Lifetime Fitness:)It was a jolly good, show, ever so much fun and our Village group gave the Lifetime group a bit of a "Rodgering":)So it was with happy hearts and high spirits that we headed down the street to the post tourney repast at Skip & Jan's...let me start by saying that the Lifetime group picked this place, and it's almost like they knew they were going to lose and wanted to select a venue that would be the grimiest, greasiest, grubbiest, grossest spot to try to eat...they succeeded:)Where to start...I know...the parking lot:)When we arrived, the total Kelly Blue Book value of the 50-60 cars in the parking lot was about $832...we raised that by several orders of magnitude, just by driving in...this parking lot hasn't seen a lot of traffic from the Mercedes/BMW/Lexus/Jaguar crowd (and may never again:)After I safely parked a block or 2 away, I went inside and took in the look and feel of S&J...crappy old wood paneling...tables and chairs from a circa 1955 high school cafeteria...an intriguing mix of flat panel TV's, regular TV's and OTB results screens (yeah, you can bet the ponies here...the sport of Kings, in a slightly less than "regal" atmosphere:)They must have 20-25 pool tables...faded felt...and a whole bunch of people playing pool (and frankly looking like they weren't enjoying themselves...extremely tight and serious expressions on the faces of the people playing and watching...aren't games supposed to be fun? :-)...I suspect there was gambling going on:)The smell in S&J can only be described as "extreme humanity"...the place smelled like it has seen a century's worth of spilled beer, cigarette smoke, BO, vomit, urine, spoiled food and every other aroma that humans create for themselves...remarkable, given the fact that this place can't have been here for more than a few years...how did they do that so quickly? :-)S&J has menus, they have some sort of kitchen, they have Jagermeister on "tap", they have a bunch of beers on tap and they had a buffet (or "boofay" for my friend Ryan C) set up for our group.It was supposed to be a Taco Bar:)S&J provided a table full of taco "fixin's"...the centerpiece of which was the taco meat hot tray...Holy Crap, was that disgusting! :-(They told us it was ground beef, but I know my beef, and I don't think this was it...this was ground "creature"...possibly some sort of unfortunate non-distinct animal which happened to be near the kitchen when duty called.I kid, of course...as far as I know, this was indeed, "beef"...just not very good "beef":(The hot tray holding the "meat" looked like a relief map of the Hawaiian Islands...small mountains of "meat" rising out of the ocean of brown/orange grease that was the real body of the dish:(But, I was starving (a banana for breakfast and nothing else) so I tried to make a taco.I decided to forgo the slotted spoon that everyone was trying to use to fish some meat out of the soupy brine, and use some tongs instead...my idea was to try to squeeze as much grease out of the concoction as possible...I was sort of successful, but in doing so, I probably squeezed any flavor out as well:(I got back to the table and tried a bite...not good...I added several shakes of Cholla and tried another bite...and that was that:(One of my buddies had decided to forgo the mystery meat tacos and ordered wings from the menu and offered me one...I'm not sure what the deal with the wings was, but the wing I tried seemed to be boiled (no, not "broiled"...boiled) and then dipped in buffalo sauce...not crispy, just wet...all the way through:)Then they announced that Karaoke was going to start soon...and that was enough for me:(Adding amateur singing to this tableau would have just been too much:)Still, it's not all bad news...the tires and wheels were still on my car when I was ready to leave...I didn't become immediately ill (although I had kind of a rough morning, this morning).They say shared adversity can make teams grow together, so I think I should thank S&J for making the Village Squash group nearly invincible:)
4	Off track betting, huge pool area, cheap breakfast on the weekends.  No tv by the darts area
1	I heard people talk about this place at work a lot. They'd mention grabbing an after work beer and frequenting it quite often since it was so close.  One day a coworker mentioned (since they knew that I was obsessed) that they had fried pickles there and I was gung-ho about going there soon.That same week my boyfriend mentioned that he would be going there with a group of people that Friday and invited me to come. I was ecstatic.  I was ecstatic until the moment the GPS turned us into a very familiar parking lot of a very shady establishment.  I was suddenly reliving a repressed experience from about a year prior.  The experience had been so bad, I had forgotten the name of the place all together.  Skip and Jan's sounds so lighthearted, friendly, and inviting.  It is not.Memories of disgusting chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks (things you wouldn't think would even be possible to mess up cooking) flew through my mind.  And the second I walked in the door I got the same feeling that I needed to sanitize every surface that I dare touch.Now let me say, there is shady good, and shady bad. This is shady horrific. It reminds me of the smell of a plastic puke bucket from when you are sick as a child.But deep inside me, I just had to stay, socialize, and try their fried pickles. I did, and they were the best things I have eaten there. At least you could tell they were not 3 year old frozen pieces of cardboard like everything else on the menu.  But for fried pickles they still weren't the best.The only positive thing that I can think of is the fact that our waitress did seem to handle our huge unruly space-cadet group of people quickly and with ease. If that is the only saving grace, I'd rather eat my fried pickles elsewhere.
4	I have to say that the food is good and cheap, and the waitresses have always been friendly. Its not the best atmosphere, but heck...its a good sports bar.
4	Wonderfully cheap happy hour and lunch specials. We're talking four dollars for a half-pound burger and drink. The full-price appetizer menu was tasty, but a little expensive for the amount of food. I definitely recommend Skip and Jan's if you're looking to watch a weekend sporting event and want to enjoy some inexpensive food. The service is 5 stars.
2	I have been chilling at the spot for years now... Betting on horses, dogs and shooting pool it can be a really fun place... Plus if you're looking for a really cheap lunch so you can gamble the rest of your money away this is a must stop for some lunch time fun. I rate the food as followed.Wings - CTurkey Burger - CDouble Cheeseburger - CBut for all of these under $3.99 lunches what can you expect... I will be back again just to gamble and have a drink and eat some cheap food.
4	This place has the best lunch specials in the east valley, For only 3.99 you have a choice of over 10 items. I have had the gyros, turkey burger, wings and chicken burrito. It also come with your choice of soda or draft domestic beer. Wow !! All for $3.99 and add a side for a $1.00. Don't expect anything special for the service. It's just ok. Watch your favorite game, play some billiards or bet on the ponies. Come as you are and have some fun !! The owners, Natalie and Todd are very cool !
2	I ate here for lunch because they are on my eScrip rewards list.  I wasn't expecting a dark bar... I ordered some chili and it was OK.  It didn't compare to the chili I ate a week earlier at Gallagher's.  The waitress helped me lightly - I asked for some crackers that were not provided automatically.  I may come back here - if I'm in a dark bar mood at lunch.  If so, I'll order something other than the chili.
4	I really love playing pool here.  Some of the other reviewers seem to think it's in a bad neighborhood or something,  but I have never seen anything really sketchy happen there. Just seems like your run of the mill strip mall to me.  There is kind of a rowdy parking lot crowd on the weekends since Graham Central Station is in the parking lot , but nothing too crazy.  The staff there are very friendly and helpful and always check on you to make sure you are doing a okay.They have a very large number of pool tables to play on hourly and per game.  Are they shiny and new? No not at all, but I like the "Color of Money" neighborhood pool hall feel.  The few times I have encountered a loose pocket or something off with a table it's been fixed the next time I go in.The hourly pool rates and food prices are very reasonable and the service is great.  Try the Onion Rings and the Sundae :) you won't regret it.  The other bar food they have is nothing new or different, but very good by bar standards.  I would have given this place 5 stars, but they have 3 nights a week they do pool leagues so you can't play during those times.  Which is cool I should probably join a pool league anyway.If you play pool you should go in and have some fun.
4	Nestled between the bright lights of the once famous Graham Central Station and a no-name BBQ place is a lovely gem I like to refer to as "Skips".The bar side of this place is nothing too special. Don't get me wrong, its BIG for a bar, but the ambiance and furniture are pretty dated. So, unless you enjoy playing pool, I don't know why you would want to come here.That being said, the pool here is great!  They just got around 15 brand new Diamond 7' tables which play AWESOME.  Their 9' tables also play well, but they have some PRETTY unforgiving pockets.  So if you are a beginner, I wouldn't play on the big tables unless you like to be frustrated.They have no house cues on the floor.  you have to rent them up at the bar for $1.00.  This is great because they can maintain a better quality cue for you (if you use house cues).Their food is actually REALLY good! I've had their Turkey Burger which was moist and delicious.  It comes with a nicely sized basket of fries.  Also, their Nachos are ridiculous good (That's saying a lot coming from me)! The only bad thing about their nachos is that they use that liquid fake cheese... I prefer shredded blends on my nachos.The waitresses there are uber friendly. Yes, UBER! They always make a point to remember your name and they are always SOOO busy! Make sure to tip them well. They will remember you!Wednesday night is league night there, so unless you want to watch, avoid Wednesday from 7-10pm. Oh, and HH is from 2-7 and lots of the food (including the nachos and Turkey Burger) are priced to sell!Go shoot some pool!
4	Great tables there, 7 Diamond 9 footers, 12 Diamond bar tables and 5 Gold Crown 9 footers that all play very well. Good food and drinks there, service is pretty good too with some friendly waitresses. I live fairly close and go often for practice and a bite to eat. I would say the only draw back for me is certain nights it is a league night and all the big tables are taken up but that is not really a problem as the place is packed so its a good thing but if you want to play pool on league nights then join a league I guess which I might. The $50 monthly pool player pass gets you pool all month long whenever you want to play. I would recommend this pool room as a person who plays pool very often, wants a bite to eat or drink. They also have OTB if your into gambling also.
3	I got dragged back here by persistent coworkers, and the knowledge that they have "Thirsty Thursdays". For Thirsty Thursday you can get a huge stein full of absolutely any drink you want for only 5 bucks. Hellooooooo vodka! The puke smell is pretty much gone (They removed the carpet). I still don't like the food... but if you get drunk enough, I suppose it doesn't matter.
3	The food and drinks are blah, but the service is always great! Happy hour and trivia are always fun at Skip & Jan's.
3	We had living social deals. Out server took awhile to check on us then grab our bill. We got wings and beer and were there for 90 minutes! It was dead! We will go back because the wings were awesome and they offered local beer but we will sit at the bar or request a different server because we want to try out the billiards tables!
3	I met up with a few ladies here for drinks a few weeks back at the suggestion of someone else. We didn't end up playing pool, just enjoyed our drinks at the bar before moving over to a table. We were definitely over dressed and probably out of place, but it was a chill place to let loose. Drinks were okay, food was nothing outstanding, prices were to be expected.
2	The food wasn't very good and neither was the service. Also the Groupon gave us a limit of $17.95 per entree and the most expensive thing was only $9. We won't be going back.
4	Here's the deal, Skip & Jan's is a pool hall on one side and a sports bar/OTB parlor on the other. If that's your thing, this is your place. The food is not spectacular but nobody comes here to eat. They run pool leagues several nights a week, have a dozen 9 foot tables and 15 or so bar boxes. The tables are well used but they get recovered on a semi-regular basis. The service is always great, especially if you're in a league or a regular. I've been shooting here for years and enjoy the competition.
4	So let's say it's lunch, and you're in Tempe, and you're craving a cheeseburger and a beer for around $6... good luck finding that anywhere else but here.  Is it a dive?  Sure it is.  Do they have random folk betting on horse races at 11 am?  Yep.  Do dudes rocking hydraulic billiards triangles frequent a place like this?  You betcha.  Can you buy condoms in the bathroom?  Absolutely.  Seriously though, the food is good, the beer is nice & cold and the people watching, as you can tell, is top notch.  Far from gourmet, but an excellent choice in my book - and I suppose if you are looking for a place to play some pool or bet on horses you could do that too.
4	I came here for pool on a Friday night. The pool tables are good and the service and beer was good. After pool we migrated over to the bar area for karaoke. The karaoke was a blast and I had a great time. I will definitely come back for karaoke again.
4	Came over here after work to hang out with some coworkers and my girlfriend. We had a great time. During happy hour for $5 you get a pretty big glass and can have whatever you want in it. That is a great deal.The food was OK. Good bar food but nothing blowing your socks off. Service was OK too.Didn't play any pool this time but they have a large pool table area. The entire other half of the building to be exact and there were a lot of people playing pool over there.My coworkers and I will definitely be back for happy hour after work. Since we had such a good time and it is literally right across the street from our work. We haven't done happy hour in quite a while after work and it is nice to find a great place that is right across the street.
4	Fun place to go and hang out with friends after work, to watch sporting events, to do karaoke. Perfect location. Decent food. Nice tall glasses with plenty of drink in them to quench your thirsty palate. A little loud with music playing in background but a fun place nonetheless. Friday nights there is trivia and that was a lot of fun. Participated in that and all of us were having fun answering the various questions and topics. Really a cool atmosphere if you like the sports bar scene.
3	I totally suck at pool; however, when my friend comes into town when he's on leave from the Army, I'll meet him here for drinks. For those that are saying this place is in a sketch area: Please, really?! I've seen worse in parts of Scottsdale. Never have had any of their bar food offerings, but that's usually because we'll go somewhere nicer for dinner prior. Edit 4/15: Best fried pickles EVER. They're even spicy, woohoo! Awesome drink specials. He introduced me to one of their "bubble gum" vodka drinks - not a big frou frou drink kind of gal, but wowee that hits the spot! Fun atmosphere. The hourly pool rates are pretty reasonable according to him - I have nothing to compare it to. Check out Skip & Jan's if you're in the neighborhood.
3	It's a decent pool joint; nothing out of the ordinary. Hot wings were good and not over cooked. Tuna sandwich was actually decent. Had to go up to the bar to order food because we were ignored by the one waitress there.
1	Don't go here if unless you're an old fixture in here. They cater to the regulars over 65. I went here to try and blow some money on some drinks and music while playing pool and just ended up wasting my 15mins and $9. So we got a pool table and ordered a couple beers. Started playing a game and realized that it was DEAD QUIET. Apparently it is this way for a reason. I did not know I walked into a rest-home until I pumped $5 into the jukebox to play some music. Music started playing and into my 2nd selection, an old guy grabbed the waitress and she later came out with a remote. She proceeded to give the guy the remote, who then turned the music all the way down to an almost nonexistence. The end. We immediately stopped playing, finished our beers, and closed what would have been a very expensive tab if they did not cater to old farts.
5	Awesome place to play pool, get some cheap drinks and eat some fantastic wings (ask for them "Jan's style")
4	Perfect for pool and beer. Very laid back, nothing special. One of those places where you just want to relax. You can also gamble on the ponies or a sports game which is awesome. Didn't try the food.
4	This place is ok
5	I love this place. Natalie the owner is amazing . The breakfast specials are the best . They are 3.99 and for 2$ more a Bloody Mary and screwdriver . Get the breakfast burrito . Super strong drinks . The staff is amazing .
1	We got there on 11:10pm and the girl at the cash register asked us if we know that they are closing at 12 even though it says online they are closing at 2 and that was the first reason we choose the place. She said we have 30 min to play and than we will have to go out. Her attitude was that we are not welcomed. I'm was really disappointed from her attitude. I have no problem they close at 12 but there is a way to present it. I won't be back here
