4	Today Momma and I had a mani-pedi with Julie Rau, who rents a private studio at Rain, and it was great! We had the basic mani-pedi special for $45, which included the standard services, plus she did some special salts and scented oils in our pedi water that weren't technically included in the price. She took great care of our hands and feet, and my nails look really good. She's also done deluxe pedicures for my Grandma, and took wonderful care of her feet, which is really important since she's diabetic and often can't feel if the water's too hot or her skin or cuticles get cut. She also gave us suggestions on nail colors, which products to use to combat our wicked calluses, and how to maintain our nails and cuticles, but was never pushy or condescending like I've had with some manicurists in the past. She was very friendly and we chatted on and off about our families, work, etc. She was very hygenic: she used fresh tools for each of us, cleaned the basins in between our turns, and used all new files for each of us, which she saved in labeled envelopes for next time we come in.In summary, a lovely experience for a reasonable price. I'll be back!About Rain itself, it consists of all private studios rented out to independent nail techs, hair stylists, and aestheticians. I've only been to Julie, but based on the clean, relaxed feel of the salon, I'd be willing to go there for other services.
1	Absolutely the worst experience ever. I personally have been to cosmotolgy school myself therefore I know the service I received from a stylist named Kimba is very unacceptable. She claims she has been doing hair for something like 17 years but maybe she just forgot the basics on coloring and needs to go back to school. I dyed my hair dark brown for the fall and wanted someone to foil beautiful blonde highlights in my hair considering I cannot do this myself. When finished I had horrbile bleed marks at my roots. I looked like a spotted leopard. There is no way I can wear my hair except for down. Putting it in a clip is not an option. Please do yourself a favor and find someone else who knows a thing or two about color.
5	I recently moved here from out-of-state and needed someone to cut and color my hair. I stopped in and met with Cecilia. We discussed changing my hair color, as it was very dark brown, and I wasn't happy with it.  We decided to go with highlights all over to help lighten the total effect.  Cecilia did a fantastic job, probably the best highlights I've ever had.  She looked through various photos until she found one that she thought I would like and met my requirements.  The haircut is fantastic.  I've waited for over a week before posting this, just to be sure that I could keep the hairdo up.  It's fantastic, just wash and dry.  What a timesaver.  I would definitely recommend Cecilia.  She's extremely professional, polite, and above all else, listens to what her client wants.
5	The atmosphere is muah! I give it a billion stars. The shop is clean the people who work here are very professional. And I will keep going because I love it. The employees don't put they personal business in the street. Nothing I dislike more than hearing about other peoples problems when I'm busy trying to relax.  Most of all they listen to you and style your hair like you ask them to. Did I say clean because most shops in Vegas are NOT clean but this shop is Very Clean. I think I found a new SHOP...And I will return many times.
5	Melissa Saul is a MUST if you ever make an appointment here!  She is an awesome hairdresser and can create any style you want and teach you how to keep it up.  Her product recommendations have always been spot-on for me.  I have difficult hair and have been dealing with postpartum alopecia, but she doesn't act weird about it and is very down to earth.  She can make absolutely anyone feel comfortable.  No matter what hair color, texture, style or type, she can make the magic happen.  I have very sensitive skin and she takes care of my facial waxing as well.  She is also very honest, as we all know sometimes we want our hair to do things that it just can't do!  She enables you to "work with what you got" and not have unrealistic expectations.  Her room is decorated super cute and is mostly private.  I visit Melissa every 4-6 weeks for keeping up my pixie cut.  Her prices are reasonable, she has a banging personality and will treat you with the utmost best in customer service.  My mom, sister, aunt and girlfriends all go to her for their styling needs.  She will definitely be giving my son his first haircut too!Contact her for an appointment at 702-327-5235 or OneLoveSaul@gmail.com.  I have been seeing Melissa for all of my hair and beauty needs for over six years.  If you go to anyone else for your hair, you're missing out.  The value you get from her for the prices she charges simply cannot be beat anywhere else.  She goes out of her way to make you happy and will work with your schedule in any way she can.  She bends over backwards for ALL of her clients.Overall, the shop is very nice and clean and quiet for the most part.  I like how the stylists have their own rooms and you are also shampooed and prepped in the room as opposed to out in the open.  It's really nice for anyone who is even remotely self-conscious or doesn't want to be walking around in front of strangers with wet hair and a towel on.
5	The salon is absolutely beautiful and the service is unbeatable. I had the privliage of Mellisa S. as my hair stylist. She is AMAZING! Her prices are very reasonable, too! I love the intimate atmosphere instead of a traditional "station" type salon. Each professional has their own room, so it feels very exclusive! LOVE IT!!!
5	I LOVE the setup of this salon. You get your own room and privacy and each artist gets to work on you with out having to share space with others and hearing gossip. You can actually relax here and enjoy your privacy and talk about your life whatever while being taken care of. I had been a client of Kimba for nearly 15 years and she is one of the best in Aliante area. I then went to David W. whom now has his own space. It is lovely and decorated very nicely and he just makes you feel so at ease and comfortable in his place. I am a life long client of Rain. I would like to try the other technicians in the studio for Mani-pedi or facials. I just love the location and privacy you get. I found GrandeLash from Taryn, and it has only been a week and my lashes have grown and filled in! it's half the price of Latisse so I recommend it. lLatisse was a hassle to get from my derm, requiring me filling out so much paperwork and paying the co pay. Not worth it. Grandelash MD is the way to go!Please check out Kimba and David if you are in the Aliante area, they are the two best in the area! They make you feel at home there and this studio is the only place I go to. I plan to spoil myself with other treatments so I'm going to have to look into the other services offered there.
5	I love going to this salon.  I am a client of, stylist extraordinaire, Laurie Stewart VonDerau.  The atmosphere is upbeat, clean, stylish and the folks are super friendly.  I like the individual spaces and the undivided attention/pampering that this creates.  Of course Laurie's space is spotless and I can say the same of the reception, bathrooms and sitting areas throughout this location.  I give Rain Salon Studios 5 stars and if you are looking for a fabulous hair stylist do ask for Laurie Stewart VonDerau tell her Cristine sent you.  :)
5	Rain is very nice and clean. My manicurist is Lisa Tennison and my esthetician is Jayna Hardy. Both ladies have their own private studios at Rain. The atmosphere is tranquil and comfortable. Jayna and Lisa are great at what they do. If you need to get your nails done or have your eyebrows waxed, make an appointment with either one of these ladies and you won't be disappointed.
5	I am redoing this review. They keep the original five stars tho. It's something I enjoy about a clean shop & professional people. It's just addicting to me and I crave it more & more. No kidding this shop everything is super clean even the restrooms. No joking it's unbelievable that their is no hair on the floor. No hair on your seat once you sit down. It's a very productive but professional environment that I just love. The shop owner is kind and gives me just what I like. It's safe to say she has earned me as a client. It's been years since I have been able to allow a hairdresser to just free fall and do with my hair however she likes. But I trust the employees at this location one hundred percent. I will continue to go to this location.
5	I have NEVER had such a great color and cut.  Cecilia is absolutely fabulous--truly a master hair stylist.
5	I had a hard time hitting post on this because I want it to stay a secret so they don't get so busy that booking appointments become difficult, that;s how great of an experience I had! I had simply the best experience! Brandi was my stylist and she was awesome! I LOVED how when helping me figure out what style to go with, she took my facial features and jawbone structure into consideration, that was a first! She gave me a style that was exactly what I was looking for, cute and low maintenance! I will be returning over and over, I have absolutely nothing negative to say!
5	I don't know where to start! Lisa is amazing, I came to her to get her services... She did an amazing job on my lashes and my hair. She has such a positive attitude and definitely know how to make a women feel beautiful inside and out! You absolutely must come see her for all your services, I promise you won't be disappointed!!!!!!
