5	The Yiasou Greek Festival occurs annually around Labor Day.  It's held Thursday - Sunday.  Admission is only a couple of dollars and it's fun for the whole family or couples or groups of friends.  Once you're in there, you can eat, drink, and be merry!  There are many options for dining (fast food or sitdown), desserts, shopping, rides for kids, entertainment, music, etc.  We go every year because I crave the gyros and baklava.  I've tried both at different restaurants and festivals and nobody makes them better than the Yiasou Greek Festival in Charlotte.  That's not all they serve...but I'm always immediately drawn toward those two items.  There are many greek dishes available, though, and oh-so-many tasty pastries!  After you've stuffed your face, you can wander through the shopping areas to purchase Greek foods to take home, jewelry, crafts, art, etc.  Then grab a Greek beer and watch the entertainment.  After this time has passed, your stomach should have settled some and you can go eat some more!  :-)If you can't stand crowds (and it IS crowded every day of the festival) or can't find a place to park on the street, you can swing by their drive-thru, order your food, and bring it home to have your own Greek Fest...er, Feast!
4	OPA!!!!!!!!!!Ha, man I had a great time at this festival in 08'.It was so darn hot outside, but we still found a way to have a blast!They drinks to serve and great food!The people were extremely friendly; its small but very good.Parking may be a bit difficult, but you just have to be patient.Go to the 09' Fest; I'll be there~
5	I was definitely impressed with the Yiasou Greek Festival 2009! They organized this event very well and had a variety of things to do and eat for everyone. The festival was held from Thursday to Sunday and it seemed like they brought the entire city together.Parking is difficult, but they did a good job incorporating police officers directing traffic. It was really busy when I was there on Friday night, but I heard that it was not as congested during the afternoon. If you are not a fan of large crowds, but still want to go, pick an earlier time. I was impressed with how many stages they had to show a variety of dances. There was one on the front lawn, back lawn, and one in a building. Like I mentioned, they planned and organized very well. In addition to spreading out the entertainment, they also put the food, shops, and rides in different areas as well (this way it helps to make every inch of their property filled with people). They had raffles, lectures, and educational rooms.They only take cash, but they had 2 ATMS on their property to help you out. It's easy on the wallet and brings everyone together! If you missed it this year, plan to go next year.
4	I used to live close enough to be able to walk over but I'll still try to make it in 2010.  The food is awesome, well worth the wait in the long lines.  People are very friendly and this is a great event for kids since they  have all kinds of activities outside for them.  Great for couples too!  If you like gyros and a funky orb like version of funnel cake, you can't go wrong.
5	I am not a huge fan of the month of September and never have been. It's still hot out with a hint of cool in the air and not quite fall yet. However, one thing that makes me look forward to September is the Greek Festival. It's only $2 admission, they have great food with lines that move fast (they also have wine and beer-along with Greek beer and American), tours of the church, entertainment such as traditional Greek dancing along with little stands of jewelry, art and little trinkets. If you don't feel like going in, you can drive up and get a meat-o-licious gyro to go or other goodies such as baklava, spanokopita and more. This is easily accessible from the light rail but no parking so you either can light rail, walk or find off street parking in Dilworth. All in all, I wouldn't miss Greek Fest for the world. I may even go twice this yr!
5	I'm sure the shows, dancing, sales booths, etc. are great, but I'll be honest, I'm only here for the food. There are so many tasty options it's hard not to gorge yourself. I got a gyro, some of those little doughnuts, and a helping of baklava that's the size of a small pony.  All of the food is absolutely delicious and definitely worth fighting the traffic and crowds of people. You just might want to bring some mints with you to combat the killer breath after eating this food. I'll be sure to come back every year.
4	Advice...do not go on "school field trip day"...ha! It gets a little crazy. First visit to the festival. Admission is only $2. All cash there, but the ATM's were everywhere if you need them. Great music playing in the tents and it seemed very well organized. Went for lunch to grab a gyro and boy was it good. Large enough to not need more than one, and the Greek fries on the side were seasoned very well. Made the "gyro/fry" order a success! Drank it all down with a big lemonade. Needed some treats after to hit up the baklava, which was sweeter than I remember, but very tasty in a limited portion. A great festival that I will continue to show up at every year going forward...just not when 10 school buses are lined up outside :)
4	Ya got your huge, eclectic crowds. Stage happenings audible throughout the block-wide party area. Random Made in China wares for sale at many-a-booth, some, smartly, with their tags cut out. Huge lines for food. Beer, albeit pricey. All the makings of a decent street fest.What made Yiasou step over the line to Awesomefestville for moi: really, really good food, starting with the Baklava sundae and moving on down the line to Spanikopita better than any I've made (plus WOW those pastries held heat, 20 minutes after I buy the thing it's still trying to char my tongue). Slugging back multiple Mythos, a-leaning against a hallowed church stoop was hilarious and surprisingly comfy. Old school signage made me get out my camera early-on in the evening.Parking can be rough. Totally worth the hassle. We'll be back!
4	I thought Thursday afternoon would be a convenient, less crazed time to hit up this fabulous festival...and it was...until the school field trip buses showed up.Regardless of the copious amounts of baklava/sugar-ridden children running around their harried field trip leaders, this fest is a must in Charlotte. The food is outstanding...yes outstanding. I ADORE a fabulous gyro and Yaisou delivers. Quick tip - there is a car line to the west of the church (fest) for to-go orders. I stumbled on to this after we left the fest - this is so clutch for next year. Not that I don't enjoy walking around the fest, but when it's insanely hot and there are tons of sweaty people eating stacks of meat and sugary baklava sundaes, sometimes to-go might be a more delicious option.$2 gets you in...and if you have a friend in the surrounding Dilworth neighborhoods (who are absolutely affected by and consequently and potentially irritated by the traffic surrounding their homes) they typically get a handful of "I'm sorry" tickets for free entry into the fest. Free admission for a fabulous meal, FTW!
4	I don't have a soft spot in my heart for festivals, but I'll make an exception for Yiasou Greek Festival.  For a mere $2 admission, you have access to several dances, lectures and  on Greek history, culture, and religion, and displays on all things Greek.  The food is quite amazing and the vendors stalls sell everything from Orthodox crosses to swords.I tried the gyro and baklava sundae...SCORE!  The gyro was packed with meat and fresh, tangy tziki sauce.  The baklava sundae is three scoops (maybe more) of vanilla ice cream with baklava crumbled on top!  If you want  real Greek meal, they have serve a literal platter of food in the church's community center-lamb, chicken, Greek lasagna,and  salad.  There's also a tent behind the church that just sells Greek desserts,  whoa!  I had visions of sugar plums dancing in sync to Greek music that night. I'm amazed at the time spent organizing this festival.  There are numerous people staffing the information booths and explaining the displays on Greek history, like the Greek and Persian War. Don't worry, they play the movie "300" in the background and have little toy soldiers to re-enact the battles for you non-history buffs.  The church is an exotically beautiful Byzantine structure that makes the perfect setting for such a festival.  If you live in the Charlotte area, you must go at least once in your life. TIPS:  Bring cash (the ATM's charge a $3 surcharge) and ride with a group of people to conserve the limited parking.  Be prepared to walk a good distance to the entrance.
3	I have to say that it's been something like 10 years since I have actually been inside the gates of the Greek Festival.  Which is okay.  Even at the low, low bargain price of only $2, I don't feel like I'm missing much.Sure, there is culture and there are rides (though I probably can't fit on any of them), but mostly there are lines.  Lines to get into one room and lines to get to the food and lines to get in in the first place.  But mostly there are lines just to get there because you have to park so far away.So now I just use the drive-through.  Yes, you can get that lovely food to go by simply going through a drive-through, much like any other fast-food place (except the food is probably better).  You do have to deal with traffic, but take a right on Winthrop (I think it's Winthrop).  Give them your order, pay and you're done.Even better is that they don't sell everything (such as the Greek donuts - or Loukoumades as Eric says), but they will actually let you park and run in the back entrance and pick them up and take them with you.  Simple awesomeness.
5	I go every year and am NEVER disappointed!!  This year I took the lightrail down and walked the few blocks to the festival - definitely easier than trying to park!  There is plenty to do for the kiddos - cute rides (yes they look safe and new!), bouncy houses, cotton candy and popcorn.  The dancing is non-stop and adorable as the Greek kids shuffle around.  I always for for the Mythos (beer) and a gyro and cookies.  This year we also got Greek pizza and plain pizza for the kiddo.  YUM!!!  Now I am getting this every year too.  The food lines get long so divide and conquer, one person grabs seats, another grabs beer (bring one ID up per beer you want!) and one person grabs the gyros.  Try to go at off times since it does get very packed.  Awesome way to spend an afternoon!!  Can't wait till next year!!  :-D
4	This was my first year visiting the Greek Festival after hearing about it for years I never had the oppurtunity to actually partake.  It was my 6 y/o and my girlfriend and I must say I enjoyed it immensly!  Plenty and I mean plenty of food choices, too many to even begin to try and remember but that combined with the entertainment in terms of dancing and the kids rides really creates a nice little outing.  I was very impressed with the events ability to cater to such a large crowd so quickly.  Yes, the lines get long for the food/drinks but they churn the people in and out pretty well in my opinion.  One suggestion I would have is get there during the week or early in the day.  Avoid the crowds because it does get slammed.
5	First timer to the Greek Festival this year and I am so glad I went!  Be warned, this place is PACKED.  But it is so worth it.The food is amazing, the atmosphere is lively, and there is plenty of people watching to do as you stuff your face with the most delicious gyro and Greek fries you've ever tasted.Also, for those dessert lovers out there -- there is a desert BUFFET (to put it in over-sized American terms) where you can literally just walk down this beautiful line of Greek desserts and pick the ones you would like.  It's about $2 a dessert.  I split three with a friend and we barely made a dent.And the best dessert of all?  My friend and I were walking through the festival having a nice conversation when she slaps my arm (hard) and says, "Shut your pie-hole!  Does that say Baklava Sundae?!"  Needless to say, you should probably try one of those.Another added bonus is the jewelry.  Beautiful gold, turquoise, silver and much much more.  I wish I would've came more prepared because I would've walked out of there with a new jewelry collection!  Lovely stuff.Overall A+ here.  Don't miss it!
4	I have been in Charlotte for 20 years and have been coming here almost as long.  I love the frappe's, the wine tasting, the people watching, the gyros and the music.You can't miss this festival, although I never win the Greek Trip drawing, bummer!
3	This is a great people-watching trip if nothing else. The selection of activities is not so fantastic, however. The festival is jam packed, tons of kids running by and into you, and not much to do but eat. So I wander, munch on some deserts, watch a bit of dancing, sit in the church and enjoy the stained glass murals, I bought a coin skirt once, and then I'm out. the most enjoyable part for me was being on the outside of the fence with a gyro from the drive-through stand. I did notice there are children's rides and face painting. I'm beginning to think this is a family-only festival as it's pretty mundane for the rest of us.
4	Having lived in Dilworth for over 10 years, I look forward to the annual Greek Festival.. Tonight I was able to make it to the drive through service, which allows you to get a taste of everything.  I ordered the Baked Chicken dinner & the Assorted Desserts.  The baked chicken entree comes with a variety of Greek treats, including a salad, pastitsio, grape leaves. The baked chicken is too die for, loved it.  The desserts were so good.  Something for everyone to try.
3	I don't know why but I just don't think the Greek fest is that awesome. I'm not that much of a fan of Greek food so maybe that's the case because after filling up and walking around for a lookeroo I'm kind of bored.Yeah there's dancing and culture and all that, but anthropology never interested me that much anyways. I'd much rather have something fun to do or get involved in while almost everything at the festival involves waiting in line for food or looking at something.At least I can usually get in for free. The food is nice and the people are friendly, which I think they'd have to be to be able to stand all that crowdedness in the area. Can you just do like a drive through window during the regular year and I can get some Greek food to go when I'm feeling lazy though? Cause it really sucks to brave the traffic/crowded train and pay admission to go buy some food.
5	Hooray!  Probably one of my Charlotte "Top 10" things to do in the city, the Yiasou Greek Festival always promises a good time of food, dance, music, merriment, and all things Greek.  I think it is so great the Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Cathedral opens its doors to the public to share its tradition and culture.I am mostly attracted to all the food and eating activities, but there are many other activities for the whole family to enjoy.  First off, the admission is only $3 and kids 12 and under are free!  There is plenty to do and see once you get in.  The Evzones re-enact the Changing of the Guards around 3 & 7pm every day of the festival.  I was lucky enough to catch it yesterday while I was there stuffing my face with pastries.  There is live music and dance with multiple stages where the youth from the church perform traditional village dances in traditional costumes.Usually I kick myself because the last couple of years I have gone, it has been rather late, everything has been broken down for the day and feels like a tornado hit the church with all the debris and merriment that people before me got to enjoy.  This year I went on opening day and it was great!  No lines to wait in... they are super organized this year as far as lines and signage.  Before you just got in line and hoping it was the right one!I enjoyed my chicken pita, Greek fries, and Mythos beer.  Ended my day (and probably shortened my life a little) with some baklava ice cream.  A huge serving of baklava (minus the pastry part) over 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream.  So delicious and sweet.  Then my friend had too many Loukoumades [they are very generous with the number you get], so I had one of those as well.The new thing I got to see this year were the indoor exhibits and gift shops, very cool stuff available to shop and browse through:  jewelry, art, and lots of gift items.The only tricky thing about this event is the parking.  I usually try to scope out some side street parking in the neighboring streets, but it looks like everyone does the same thing.  There is a lot to park in at the corner of East and Scott Ave (across from 131 Main) and there is a shuttle that will take you .75 miles to the festival as well.
5	OPA!! This was my first time attending the Yiasou Greek Festival and I was not disappointed. It was everything I expected from a great Greek fest - Authentic Greek cuisine, cultural exhibits, dancing, music, art, and shopping. KC & I went on Saturday around 7 and BOY was it packed!The space was small and there were a lot of people and things packed in. It was difficult to navigate the tight pathways due to the crowds. Just be patient. Lots of people were loitering in the walkways making traffic move slowly.The food was really the highlight for me. We got the baked chicken platter, which for $11, was a great deal. It came with a quarter chicken, triangle of spanikopita, greek salad, dolmade, pastisto, a piece of bread, and your choice of tea or coffee. I got white meat but they do not ask if you want dark or white meat. I bet you can request either if you have a preference. It was a TON of food. Everything was excellent. We also ordered a gyro. So good!For dessert, we bought an assortment of pastries and a baklava sundae. The baklava sundae wss worth the price of admission alone. Enough to send you into diabetic coma. Three generous scoops of ice cream topped with a scoop of baklava bits. Amazing.A few things I learned for next year...Divide and conquer - There are a lot of different spots that serve food. There were different menus offered inside and outside. I wanted a platter and KC wanted a gyro so we got my platter and then found out we had to wait in a different line outside for the gyro. When you are outside, look for the signs on the tent that tell you what is served in that line. I also wanted a to try a feta pie but I found out that we would have to wait in a different line for that. You can't get anything else. The lines for food were really long but they moved quickly. Next year we will split up get our respective food choices and meet back up to enjoy them!Cash is king - There were food lines that accepted credit/debit but they were not well labeled. Definitely bring cash. It would suck to wait in a long line and find out they don't take cash. There were a few ATMs around but I'm sure the fees were exorbitant.Parking sucks - We found parking a few blocks over in the neighborhood. I would recommend taking the light rail or, at the very least, carpooling with friends. They offer a parking shuttle but you'll have to wait. Oh and avoid driving on East Blvd at all costs. The traffic is awful. Go early - The food was crave-worthy and I wanted to reprise the meal on Sunday after a long day of watching football. I decided to try out the drive-thru dining option that the festival offered. I patiently waited in a long line of cars to turn onto Worthington. When I did, I was disappointed to see that most of the food was crossed off the list. I was able to order a gyro and a piece of spanikopita but all the pastries were sold out. Until next year... Fun fact: yiasou is the Greek word for hello, goodbye, and cheers.
2	When an event is crowded I take it as a sign of success, but when it's *congested* like this one was I see it as a sign of negligent management -or worse greed. The solution is as simple as selling a limited number of tickets ahead of time, obviously the organizers are not interested in that, instead they boast of attendances of 40 and 50 thousands for the event. That's just crazy.  Unfortunately Charlotteans must be really starved for street festivals since they oblige year in and year out. I don't know, I'd get if this was a free Rolling Stones concert or another once in a lifetime event ... but for Greek folk dancing, gyros and stuff? Since it's a community event rather than a purely commercial venture I gave it an extra star.
3	It's a church festival.  You know, the ones you went to while growing up?  This one's fairly sizable and they serve some tasty treats.There's not much to write home about, but it's a fun time.  Who doesn't like a gyro from time to time?  There's a small variety of foods to try, but it's catering to alot of people, so don't get your hopes up too high.The music and dancing make for some nice entertainment while the kids hit up the rides and mom and dad rest their weary bones by sitting at one of the surrounding tables.Before you decide to make this an all day event, find your closest light rail station.  Parking is pretty scarce and there will be plenty of vehicles fighting for it.Try:  Making this a two hour trip...it's more than enough time.Avoid:  Ordering a hot dog at a Greek festival if you're not a kid (C'mon people!!)
3	So this joint was a few weeks ago but I figure my review is still valid. Next year, if you're thinking about attending and you don't have any kids; here are a few reasons you may want to attend:1. Cheap date.2. Nothing else going on outside on a beautiful sunny day.3. Feel like spending money on something other than an in-door activity. It was a gorgeous day but honestly after eating subpar Greek food and buying a recipe book (which was the highlight of my visit) my man and I mostly sat OUTSIDE the festival to watch the cars go by. I'm sorry but after eating Greek Fiesta (visit Raleigh/Durham area), it's not on the same level. Wasn't much for adults to do. Just a whole bunch of kids running around. The performances were aight and at times the service was "Mer" with a side of confusion. Perhaps by next years event, I'll have a kid to take with me. It'll make more sense.
5	This review will only touch on the drive-through food service, because that's all we made it to this year. They've really got this down to a science. We pulled in line behind a few cars and studied the menu (there were several large posterboard menus which had been attached to trees/poles down the street.) A volunteer came up to the car window and took our order, two gyros and a Greek salad. It was hard to wait until we got home (barely 5 minutes away) to unwrap the gyros, the aroma of meat, garlic and seasonings immediately filled the car. The gyros were fantastic, and the Greek salad was large and included generous amounts of pepperoncinis and huge chunks of feta cheese. We were full until well past our normal dinner time.I was surprised to find that the prices were the same as inside the festival, even though we didn't have to pay the $3 admission fee.
5	They know how to put on a greekfest here!The food is awesome, but so are the lines-be prepared to wait-but it is worth it.More than just great food:Greek dancing preformedChurch tourArt boothsgame boothskids rideslectures
3	The Greek Festival doesn't change much from year to year.  It's a well organized festival that includes Greek food served indoors in a large dining room or outside at booths behind one of the buildings (which is a little difficult to find).  There are a lot of desserts outside but they are not covered so you have to be careful with those.  We found the same desserts boxed up in a room inside next to the main dining hall so that was a little more convenient.  They have some vendors inside and outside.  Not all of the vendors are Greek-themed but that's okay.  The basement of one of the buildings had historical lectures about the Orthodox Church and Greek culture.  The church itself is beautiful and they have free lectures every hour.This is a nice event but it is definitely the same thing every year.  I believe I first went to it 10 years ago and the festival is exactly the same.  The parking is tough especially during peak times.  If you just want food, they have a drive thru on Winthrop Ave but note that during lunch time there were at least 15cars in line for it.  If you haven't been to the Greek Festival, I'd say go.  If you have been to it, it is the same festival, so I would not make it a necessity to return.
1	Very disappointed this year (2014). Both fish dinners had strong fish. Unlike in the past cheap salad dressing used (Ken's). Another major disappointment was that the pistachio Greek casserole was NOT included in the meals this year. All this with an increased admission price to $3 per person. My family won't be back next year!Karl M.
1	Plenty of things to do for the kids, however, adults beware. If the reason you are attending the festival is to enjoy Authentic Greek food, you are much better off at the local greek restaurant. This is festival "Bizarre" food at best.Take the kids, enjoy the festivities and have a good time.
