5	"Ice Tango, how can I help you?""Yes, good morning. Is this is a Pinkberry knockoff?""Well, our products do have some similar-""Great. What time are you open until tonight?"Well, this some time LA transplant says "hoo f*#&ing ray"!I hauled my tuchus all the way from Chandler to FLW and the 101 for some "twangy tart" yogurt and a gander at what I thought would be Phoenix's version of this Los Angeles staple.For those of you who are not enlightened (in regards to tart yogurt), I'll tell you this. Pre- powder recipe scandal at Pinkberry, this yogurt closet on Santa Monica Blvd in West Hollywood had to install Disneyland like metal bars to control the 11pm yogurt fiending crowd. As if the hired bouncers were not enough. This was for two flavors of frozen yogurt.The plain yogurt, which was my reason for being in NoSco, did have a similar taste, but sans the subtle but unquestionably present bitter aftertaste of the Pinkberry brand, which I now attribute to that crap powder they were using at P-berry. Ice Tango is all around Ice- Tasty. They also have multiple other flavors including mango (the flavor of the day today) and blueberry, which tickled my taste buds.Besides the yogurt I ordered, I tasted their vanilla frozen custard. Yum. The Russian Hubster (husband/ gangster) convinced the owner to make us a crepe. Delicious- and this coming from a former creperista myself. It was the perfect consistency. Moist on the inside with the a hint of crisp toward the outside. Our heavenly confection was filled with Nutella, nuts, banana slices, and nougat. Upon tasting it, my big and burly cousin actually giggled. There was no other way to describe it, anyhow. Just picture a muscular New Yorker, still sporting the shades, giggling. With chocolate syrup gleaming on his lower lip.Delicious.Apparently they have a couple of locations opening around spring- one in SoSco and one in Paradise Valley.Rob is still giggling.To see a pic of the frozen yogurt:http://artwanted.com/imageview.cfm?id=600321
5	So my craving and curiosity finally over rode my laziness to truck to the north but let's say it was SO worth it!!This place is not only like Pinkberry but in my humble opinion surpasses it! The Twangy fro-yo has the familiar tang but with a more creamy mouth feel and tangier intensity. They also offer WAY more toppings including cereal, fruit and jimmie's... while they have my beloved Fruity Pebbles and Mochi they also have loads of other items. Included cotton candy (looks like the candy Nerds but tastes like cotton candy).. very unique. Other fro-yo flavors include Pomegranate, Mango, Blueberry and of course the PB like Twangy.We also tried the frozen custard.. oh yeah, good stuff as well though, I was loving my Twangy to much to even think about ordering it. We met the owner very handsome Dave Cha, super nice guy,  and knowledgeable about all things fro-yo. It was a treat to meet someone with such enthusiasm and genuine sincerity.. especially in that neck of the woods (North Scottsdale). If you have a craving for the good stuff.. do yourself a favor and head to Ice Tango.. I really don't think you'll be disappointed. Hurry before the word gets out and there are lines out the door!!
5	Pretty Much Amazing, Please leave the cereal toppings for frozen custard, you gotta do the Twangy Tart with fresh fruit and MOchi! Its like REAL frozen yogurt, no, its not vanilla, its got the sourness of yogurt. YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!
5	* * * * * * * * * etc !! i can just keep adding stars !!!! I have only had their yogurt, and their mojito shake, and I truly believe this is the BEST Dessert that comes frozen you will find in AZ!!  You MUST try it.   Dave, the owner/manager/everythinger is super nice, very friendly service.  And they are open till 10 EVERYDAY, even SUNDAY! you cant beat that !
5	I'm not to sure about a lot of things, but one thing that I can positively say is that Ice Tango is the most kick ass yogurt place ever in AZ.  I first got addicted to Pinkberry and ever since then, I've been dying for that indescribable taste. Ice tango has that awesome unique flavor in its twangy yogurt and fruit.  I love it!  It is VERY recommended, and if you are sitting there thinking of going, STOP, don't even think, grab your keys and head on over there!!!!  For some of us, it is a little far, but believe me, it is SO worth it! And the hours make it so much easier, open till 10pm, come on! I LOVE YOU ICE TANGO!
5	After reading all of the reviews that came before mine, I had pretty high expectations for Ice Tango... I love tart flavors and I love frozen yogurt - I was pretty damn excited to finally make my way to NoSco to check this place out.I went with my friend DeDe at around 11am on a Sunday... We worked up an appetite at yoga, and when I told her that I'd read amazing reviews about this place, and that it was supposedly similar to Pinkberry, she just had to try it too.We walked in and were impressed to see such a clean, colorful little store.  I had no idea that they would offer cereal and crepes in addition to their special yogurt with a ton of toppings to choose from.  David was working that day and DeDe drilled him on the nutrition information.  It's all fat free and only 22 calories per ounce.  A small yogurt has approximately 130 calories before the toppings.  We tried the plain and pomegranate flavors and we both went with plain and added fresh fruit as a topper - YUM!Ice Tango is my new favorite place in the valley.  If it were closer to me, I'd be there every day!  I almost drove 30 minutes out of my way to return to Ice Tango the next day... I thought that was a bit crazy, so I am drooling sitting here thinking about my next visit.  If you like tart tasting yogurt, go pay David a visit at Ice Tango - you will not be disappointed!
5	So, I would say I have never been a yogurt guy until I visited Ice Tango.  I found this lovely place thanks to yelp, back when it only had 3 reviews.  Since then, the great reviews have been mounting up and I have had the pleasure in visiting this place numerous times.  The place is very bright, full of life and energy.  The workers are very friendly and the first time I arrived the owner explained to me the greatness that is Ice Tango.  It is difficult for me to order anything but the Twangy Tart with it being so amazing and all.  All of the fruit toppings are fresh and never frozen.  Toping any desert and sometimes entrees with cereal is perfection in my mind.  So, when I saw that they had a vast array of cereals and fruits to rest upon my yogurt, I was in heaven.  But, I think the best toping has to be the mochi.  Mochi is like a cross between a marshmallow and gummy bear, awesome.  I have yet to try their crepes, but I look forward to that day.  The smoothies are very good as well. This place is definitely a place to visit, no doubt in my mind.
5	I drove 50 miles to check this place out and had a hard time finding it!It's definitely not your typical frozen yogurt bar.I tried a few of the flavors as well as the vanilla custard.The best (and only reason I would come here) is the Twangy Tart!It's sour just like plain yogurt but with a hint of sweetness to cut the bite and a refreshing icy texture. It's insanely Delicious on it's own or paired with some fresh fruit.They have a beautiful assortment of Fresh Fruit toppings but I felt their other toppings were lacking.I decided on the Twangy Tart with strawberries (see picture)I'm giving 5 stars  based on the unique plain yogurt flavor "Twangy Tart" and their Beautiful "Fresh Fruit" selection, I wish they were closer to me.ETA: My SloganOnce you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! And Nothing else will ever be the same!
4	I had the small Twangy with no topping; it was very good - creamy and quite tangy - it lives up to its name.  At $2.95 for a small, I would not call it economical... Extra toppings are 75 cents, so this could add up fast.  The place looked very clean, service was OK (I had to wait 7-8 minutes - only one girl serving the yogurt/custard line, and about 4 people were serving the crepe line).  The only thing that's misleading is the so-called "cereal bar"... they have about 6 - 7 dispensers of cereal that are near the front of the store (not behind the counter), so it appears that they are there as free toppings for your yogurt... but no.  I was politely reminded that it is a cereal bar and not free.  A bit embarassing.
5	I tried Ice Tango for the very first time yesterday and loved it! I was a HUGE fan of Golden Spoon and was convinced that nothing would be better than that fat free treat although I was WRONG! I tasted all 4 of the flovors although my faves were Twangy Tart and Pomegranite. No toppings although they all looked delcious. The small was a pretty large portion and very satisfying. The decor is cute (cereal bar and all) and the staff were really very nice and patient while I made my flavor selection.  I definitely say try it if you haven't already. I hate to admit it but I'm SO over Golden Spoon now.
2	Ummm. . .I. . .don't. . .get. . .it. . .? Can someone please explain to me how this place is any different from TCBY from the early 90's?  Besides the ridiculous trying-to-be-trendy-but-just-looking-cheap decor?  I went in Saturday afternoon and it was packed.  I got samples of their flavors, which are pretty limited to start with.  The custards were good.  The yogurts were ok.  I don't get the hype over the twangy tart, it tasted like plain yogurt to me, which in and of itself tastes like spoiled milk.  No thanks.  I wound up getting a Pinalada smoothie and quite frankly I make way better smoothies in my blender at home.  The pineapple tasted canned and there was hardly coconut or mango in it at all as listed on the menu. Admittedly I didn't have a crepe, which I am a sucker for especially with Nutella, so I might be back in here for one. So. . .what is it that sets this place apart?  They offer a few flavors of frozen yogurt. . .and. . .toppings. . .and. . .?  Is it just that I'm spoiled by all the incredible local ice cream parlors in Boston like JP Licks and Emack and Bolio's to even care about this place?  I just don't understand the draw, why anyone would drive so far for frozen yogurt.  Are there really no other options out here?  Sad.
5	I drove all the way here from central phoenix to see what everyone was talking about.  I must agree with just about everyone else and say that i really enjoyed Ice Tango.  I had the Twangy Tart with mango and kiwi and it was so tasty and refreshing.  I did sample the pomegranite and blueberry... just the right amount of tart and sweet.  I also tried some of my girlfriend's custard which was very good too.  I did not get a chance to try any crepe's but the next time I am in the area I will come by here for desert for sure.
4	I dunno if there is much I can say that hasn't already been said.  I went to Ice Tango for the first time last night and really liked it!  I tried the Twangy Tart (which tastes tart, just like real yogurt, only frozen) topped with fresh raspberries.  Very tasty! I'm looking forward to going back and trying the green tea custard.
5	Oh, Ice Tango... why do I love thee?1. The small is freaking huge. I have a hard time imagining eating more.2. The tart is surprisingly tart- and sooo very refreshing. What an awesome pick-me-up!3. The fresh fruit additions are marvelous- my diced strawberries were so generously scooped into my cup that I had more strawberries than fro-yo at the end of my serving.4. It is less than 3 miles from my new job. I may just make this a regular on-the-way-home treat. With so few calories involved, could you fault me?
5	Peach yogurt with fresh kiwi on top - YUM!Perhaps I'm glad it's such a drive. If they open one close to me, I'll be dropping a lot of money here!
5	'Tart yogurt with brownies, strawberries, and raspberries.. wait no, with pineapples, mmm.. with blueberries!'So many choices, and they're all good. This is why this place is so fun and starting to be one of my favorites. As I drove by one today, I couldn't help but think..' should I stop?!' even though I just had finished eating a big burrito.Thanks to Lindsay and 'Little Hulk' I was encouraged to try their crepe(s) and wow! the crepe added one more reason to keep me coming back!
5	Unfortunately, this business is now closed.  Giving them 5 stars for giving it a good try.  I was just there 1 week ago and (unbeknownst to me) had my last Twangy Tart.  Darn!
