4	Having a neighborhood rental car location was very helpful and I was able to utilize this location several times. I never had any issues here while I was going through the nightmare of overhauling my old camry. Of course, that isn't to say that car renting is fun. Everybody who has ever rented a car knows this process is ridiculously more complicated than it needs to be and everything you say or do will result in you paying more. So here's a couple tips while I'm at it: 1. don't ever choose the fuel purchase option (FPO), just fill the tank up before you get back, 2. check your own insurance coverage before you buy their coverage, it's usually redundant. There's a crapload of loopholes they get you on, but those are the basic ones.That being said, the people I dealt with here are nice and reasonable and I never had the feeling that they were trying to pull a fast one on me unlike at the airport. Don't rent a car at the airport. Also, if you're waiting for a car across the street at the Enterprise next to the dealers and your dealer isn't paying for it, stop. Chances are, this location has no wait and will at least have rates that are comparable to the Enterprise.
1	Horrible. This place is connected to a 7-11 and doesn't have any selection of cars. If you have a reservation for an insurance claim you can only get a go-cart sized vehicle. If you make a reservation online they will not honor your reservation. If you expect a nice clean car, Don't, their few vehicles available are dirty and cockroach infested. This place gives Hertz a bad name, unfortunately that's my only and last experience with Hertz. I called Enterprise and they picked me up within 5 minutes. Just use the Enterprise on Warm Springs road they have more than 500+ vehicles and run a tight ship. This Hertz branch needs to be shut down, period.
4	The staff is very friendly even though they very busy.
1	This is my 5th time renting from them and I refuse to use them anymore as I've given them too many tries..  Not only do I have billing issues every time, but have had poor customer service.  There hasn't been 1 time there hasn't been any issue with my rental.  Adding drivers, additional charges that shouldn't be on there and now fuel issues.  I am now more willing to pay a little more to use Enterprise for quality customer service and no issues.
1	Horrible. This place is connected to a 7-11 and doesn't have any selection of cars. If you have a reservation for an insurance claim you can only get a go-cart sized vehicle. If you make a reservation online they will not honor your reservation. If you expect a nice clean car, Don't, their few vehicles available are dirty and cockroach infested. This place gives Hertz a bad name, unfortunately that's my only and last experience with Hertz. This Hertz branch needs to be shut down, period.
1	Went there today to get a car because our car was in the shop. Place was really dirty and seemed like a really make shift place. Only two people at the counter.  Keep in mind we've always used Enterprise and am accustomed to that amount of professionalism.  So we give her our information and she already knows that we're with state farm and that we have a claim. She only gives us three vehicle options.  A Mitsubishi gallant and two full size trucks. I asked for a mini suv or a mini van. We get a beat up looks like it was abandoned Mitsubishi galant. The car had 67,000 miles! Isn't that kinda a lot of miles for a rental? So besides all that after we sit in the car we realize this is an ash tray. It smells like the clubs I used to hangout in in Tijuana but worse! I went back in and canceled our rental agreement. Then the girl tells me they just got a buick lacrosse luxury suv in. Really in the last five minutes you got an suv that I was originally asking for? I was like "fuck you we're done here". The wifey called Enterprise and we got picked up in about 5 minutes.  Oh and by the way we got a nice mini van thru Enterprise. On a side note I think Hertz tries to dump their crap cars on insurance referrals because they get a discount.  It's so obvious so better off just going to Enterprise anyways.
1	Would give them zero if I could.  Employees seem to happy to be miserable and treat customers like they are five year old.  Service is non-existent, place looks like a 70's basement with vintage TV and I refuse to use them again.This seems to be the go to location for area car dealers when rentals are needed and i will not do it again.  I will ride my bike instead of using them.
1	Worst service around . First off the gave us a Chevy full size the thing was trashed. The backseat had all kinds of trash in it bugs all over the front end the truck haven't been washed in months . I call back and talk talk to Ben the manager and tell him and ask if they can come swap cars with me cause I used my lunch break waiting in the line to the door , he said they don't do that . My husband took the truck back and they gave him some haggard f150 thAt stunk to hell looked like it was used in a crash up derby with 50.000 miles on it. Needless to say State Farm paid for a enterprise car that is brand new horrible experience and waste of time
1	Worst experience I've had with a business. You would think reserving a car a week in advance would have a car waiting for you at the place you made the reservation for. Well you would be very wrong. I came in with my reservation that I PREPAID reservation and while I was waiting in like a lady comes out and says the have no more cars and doesn't explain anything. I actually had to ask what I was supposed to do with my prepaid reservation and she tells me that my card was not charged and that I should go to the airport to get a car...OK... So does the airport have a car available before I drive all the way over there. Well that was too much to ask because they don't know and they can't get a hold of them.Oh and apparently their website it not run by Hertz so they have no control over reservations and cannot guarantee you will have a car waiting for you. So if you absolutely need to rent a car do not go with Hertz.
