1	After a very stressful day I went to the barber for a relaxing shave. I love the hot towels, the pre-shave oil and the hot lather. The short, definite, confident strokes of a barbers straight blade moving across my face is great. I find it all very relaxing. But, I found nothing relaxing about this barber shop. When I walked in, the music was very loud latin music. It reminded me of music you hear at a night club. The towels felt more warm than hot. When I mentioned the towels weren't hot, she argued they were hot!! I'm not sure, but I think the towel might have been hot. I think she pulled it out of the hot box and ran it under hot water. The hot water isn't nearly as hot as the towel when it comes out of the hot box, so it actually would cool the towel. Not positive if that is what happened, but the towel should have been much hotter and the barber should not have argued with me.  The barber was a very young woman. She took no care in applying the pre-shave oil. She did not slap it on, but I doubt I would have noticed too much of a difference if she had slapped it on. There was a quickness that felt rushed. Now the worst part....the blade across my face HURT!!!!! It hurt a LOT!!!! I made her stop. I just couldn't take it. I left with only a 1/4 of my face shaved. There was nothing relaxing about this shop, barber or shave. I normally go to the Arrowhead area to V's Barbershop. I will stay with V's!!!
5	This is the best barbershop in PHX  been going to the other location since 2002 and now to this location.. I always look sharp love this place...
1	I went for a shave and haircut and it was a decent haircut and I requested a straight razer shave and they said no. Also the atmosphere was horrible, the music, and the ladies were speaking spanish non stop also there was a kid of the worker here messing around. I will not return here nor I suggest anyone come here.
4	First haircut in Arizona and I am always nervous to change barbers. This place eased my mind, great haircut and straight razor shave. Very nice decor and clean. No complaints really, other than they are a touch pricy fir what I'm used to.
5	An excellent barbershop and the best in the valley. The staff will make you feel like family and are very experienced. I've been attending their first barbershop and now this one since 2003. I've tried them all, from Mario's, Sals, Vs at arrowhead, Johnny's in PHX and even Rays at ASU...they're practical compared to what Liberty Barbershop offers. Liberty Barbershop, come join their family, you'll enjoy their atmosphere, hospitality, and flexibility with haircuts.
5	The owner (Freddy) is a real down to earth guy. The staff has always been very professional, courteous, & friendly. As soon as you enter. Your greeted. It's very clean. I leave with with the perfect "cut" every time. If your looking for a barber who's knowledgeable on how to cut deep waves, taper fades. This is the spot to be!
5	Love it! Used to go to great clips but now I will take my business here. Love the attention to detail! Also the hot towel and little back massage was nice. Great clips was fine but for just $3 more, this well worth it!
5	Best haircut in the Valley hands down! Not just your basic cut either, we are talking an entire barber experience complete with a hot towel, warm lather, and straight razor taper/clean up. Ask for Teressa, she is the best barber I have ever had.
5	Freddy has been cutting my hair since 1999 back in NY. Ive been to his original shop in Brooklyn, NY and he's one of the best. We lost a great barber when he left NY. He's Dominican so spanish music and language are part of his culture and will be present at his shop. If you want a NY style hair cut  with fine Dominican craftsmanship Arizona your in luck.  If spanish language and music bother you then you should go to the mall or "super cuts" where they will put a bowl on your head and cut around it . It frustrates me that more people don't know what a gem they have out there in the desert.
2	Worst service ever!  Perhaps I got ripped because I did not see this Freddy character that many reviews seem to rave about.   What I did experience was horrible service.  No one greets you as you come in.  The two girls speaking spanish incessantly across the room to each other instead of greeting (or working for that matter).  One of them having her kids in the place with her and cutting their hair while customers wait.  Another stopping to wash more luke-warm towels while customers wait.  All 3 on duty while I was there left customers to go outside or around the corner for long periods of time.  And, after all of that a very sub-par haircut.It is tough to find a decent barber in Surprise and avoid the chain farms.  However this experience left me with the need to keep looking elsewhere.  Perhaps I will give it a try and ask for "Freddy" at some point, but this was such a bad experience maybe not.
4	Located just to the right of the Sprouts supermarket and behind the Shell gas station and car wash.  The strip mall that this business is located in is large so you might have to drive around a bit to see it as the sign is on the small size.Parking can be a hassle to find as the barbershop shares the parking spaces with other businesses in the strip mall so that can be a hassle (-1).The business itself is clean and well lit with lots of TV's - both small and large to keep yourself occupied while you wait though I didn't find too much reading material available.Staff have greeted me when I entered and they're super friendly.  The barbershop was well staffed for a Saturday with 3 females and 1 male.  It was my observation that the female barbers cut faster than the male.When you enter, you must sign in which is a first for me as I've never had to do this before at a barbershop but that's okay as I guess it lets the staff know who came in and in what order.Prices are clearly posted on the wall right in front of the sign in sheet and are very reasonable.  Don't forget to tip your barber!After you get your hair cut, you're given a free complimentary warm towel that's wrapped/draped over your head including a back massage with one of those handheld massaging devices.  They do clean your head, ears, neck areas ensuring there's little to no cut hair around when you leave so if you're on break from your job or have to go to an appointment after, that's good because you don't need to rush home to shower.With the great service and staff plus the location, I'll definitely be returning to get a little off the sides next time!
4	I found Liberty barber shop after my regular barber just couldn't be counted on to be there when his shop opened any more. First noticed the modern sports themed atmosphere. Relatively friendly staff. Even though there was about 8 or 9 people waiting, I only waited about 20-25 minutes. The girl who cut my hair, took her time and I can tell she paid attention to detail. I've only been there once, but I'm going back again today and I'll see if there's any changes. $16.00 + tip for a standard cut. They'll put the hot moist towel on your face and use one of those vibrating massaging machines. I have to admit, seemed a bit strange at first, but damn, it felt good.
5	I searched Google for a nearby barber shop and found this one. It had good reviews so I stopped in for my standard buzz cut. It was a slow day so I was in and out in about 20 minutes. Theresa quickly and efficiently gave me a great haircut and a hot towel massage. I'm not sure when I'll find myself in this area of town again but if I do and I need a haircut I will search no further. Great job.Thanks Theresa!
1	Slooww service! 2 barbers there at the time. Instead of them hustling to get the people out they take their sweet time. For every 3 haircuts the guy did the lady did one. And all she did was talk and shave over the same spot 30000 times. And once the guy finished he left and said brb. Leaving one barber and like 8 people waiting. For the time I was there I saw like 5 people sign in and leave. I won't returning here!
