4	Just a normal what to expect KFC. Our orders have always been correct drive through or eat in. To me it tastes like every other KFC.  4 stars because service could be a little faster.
4	Hit or miss here. Either staffed well, or you're waiting 15 minutes. Friendly staff for the most part, but there are a few angry teens working on occasion. All in all its not bad.
1	This place is mess-up. The food is typical KFC food when they have it in stock. It is hard to get original recipe.   The staff and management is totally useless. For the price the owner should get a better team to run this place.
5	I have been to this store several times over the last year.  The staff has always been friendly and efficient.  The kids working there are always polite and respectful.  The food is great, as I have come to expect from KFC.  The store is very clean.  I have never spent more than 5 minutes waiting for an order.  I wrote this review because I don't think the store lives down to the poor reviews it has received in the past.  Bravo to those kids who are starting out with a great work ethic.
2	This was a drive though trip but I am going to just go by that, I ordered the chicken strips conbo and they got one of my sauces wrong and didnt add any honey or butter in the bag for the biscut. The chicken was tasty but missing the few extras I asked for takes this place down below average, it was a small order and was too much to get correct. Make sure you check your bag before you leave the lot.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  I received an inedible sandwich (dark meat chunks, fatty).  Tried to register a complaint with store but they wouldn't answer their phone and apparently have no voicemail.  Tried website, twitter and facebook.  No one has taken the situation seriously and they keep passing the buck.  Not impressed from top to bottom.  Not the only bad experience by any means but definitely the worst.  Food often tastes like it's been sitting out a while under the heat lamps.  Below average compared to other KFC's.
3	While the food is fine and typical of all KFC's the service here is really slow and in the drive-thru they wont ask anyone to pull up so if a large order is in front of you plan on being there 20min.
5	Went thru the drive thru at dinnertime.  Was fast and efficient.  Dallas assisted me by making a suggestion when I asked a question on which "Go Cup" I should order. I went with his suggestion and went with the 2 chicken strips and wedges. Excellent value for $2.99 . Will definitely be back.
1	All I wanted was some grilled chicken after my workout. Was told they were out and only had wings. I was also not impressed with the service at the drive thru.
