5	Best hookah lounge in Vegas the owner put so much time and detail into building this place from scratch and you can see it from one glance. The atmosphere is so comforting and homelike. The food is just amazing, there isn't one thing on the menu I haven't liked yet. The service is fast and efficient, the staff is friendly and makes sure you are satastifed before leaving. They have a full tobacco selection and the hookahs last over 45 mins!! Music is great (omg the DJ booth, I felt like I was at the club), it's a place you can go chill with friends or party, depending on the mood your in. This lounge offers the best of both worlds. Finally a place in Vegas with a mature crowd, good hookah amazing food and a friendly staff must check out place!! So proud of Sarkis for opening this great spot that locals and out of town people can enjoy. Hookah Master's lounge is the new hot spot for sure!
5	The newest edition to the Hookah Master's Lounge, is located a few doors down and is 18+. I love the feel of this place, it's convenient and fun! The color theme is unlike all other places and right when you walk in you feel right at home. The music is great and food is also provided from the main lounge. Of course the most important aspect being the hookah, which we all know from Hookah Master's Lounge is amazing. Overall this place is amazing to chill with friends that aren't 21 or even just to hang out at a smaller cozier place. Whatever your mood is for the night both Hookah Master's Lounge and HML provide to the full extent. Must check out spot!!
4	Scantly Clad Waitress, Decent Hookah, and Great Menu Everywhere my hubby and I travel we always try a new hookah bar (we met at one). So why would Las Vegas be any different?We were initially going to go to Luna Lounge on the strip (Thanksgiving night and they were closed) so we ended up at Hookah Masters Lounge (HML) which was a pleasant surprise.Hookah and Server: I will say I was a little hesitant when we walked in an the server was prancing around in underwear but she was wonderful! Super friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable. My fiance is Arab and of course only smokes double-apple(no matter where we go) so of course this was different, but to our pleasant surprise they had Nakhala - which is what many traditional smokers use. The hookah wasn't ours (of course we think we have best at home) but it was good - the server was efficient at keeping hot coals on the hookah and consistently checking on us and each of the patrons...maybe her efficiency came from a lack of pants? Meh - she was was awesome. Atmosphere: and setup in a way that could accommodate several large groups of people. Being over the age of 18 we still decided to sit on that side of the establishment as it was more populated.  Food: Although we didn't actually eat there we did receive a menu to look over and by reviewing it they have a great selection ranging from appetizers, sandwiches, and entrees. Hummus, Hummus w/Sherwma, Mozzarella Sticks (can't go wrong with fried cheese), Sherwma Sandwhichs (Beef and Chicken), and even platters Beef Kabob, Chicken Kabob, and Kafta Kabob... Just to name a few.
1	Went there a couple days ago to satisfy my hookah urges I usually go to local hookah lounges around Lasvegas and support the small business in our area I walked in and the room was mild dark with a couple people at random tables and I was greeted after the employee was done talking to his friends , which was not cool. I asked for anything he suggests because I'm not a picky smoker. When I received my hookah it had about 6-7 small coals on it and was told that's all he has lit at the moment , I smoked it for 10 mins and it seemed not to be lit all the way I asked for new coals nd then I was brought out a new batch which was just put on my bowl still on fire . Burnt my bowl nd I told the staff about it nothing was done they left me with the bowl that was burnt In my experience with Hookah-lounges is a lot of people approach me if there's a complaint they  fix it right away with this one it seemed as if they didn't want to fix itThe owner then came in an employee told me that that was the owner and if I had any questions just ask I approached  the owner and asked him politely if I can get a bowl change and he told me yeah it's half-price right now if you checking yelp I told him my situation and still did not fix it nor give me a new bowl  all I really wanted was to smoke some hookah and do work on my laptopAnd this whole situation ended  becoming a hour-long inconvenience
