5	Dr. Nick Warner is great at what he does, concerned about care, not just billing and works harder on me when I'm in his office than any other Dr. I have seen. He is a guy who seems to be aware that he is providing a SERVICE - and delivers it with great skill and compassion. Take it from a reformed skeptic like me and see him for help when you need it. I have also bought massage gift certicicates as gifts with 5 star reviews. He treated me after some stupid cow slammed into me at full speed while I was stopped at a red light and helped reduce chronic and agonizing pain pain I suffered for almost a year.
5	Dr. Nick Warner is awesome. His treatment space is clean, quiet. Dr. Warner  is pleasant, respectful and very rofessional. I wish I could give him 6 stars.Dr. Warner observes an obvious  knowledge of advanced anatomy, physiology, kinesiology, and chiropractic. He is strong and gives great adjustments, utilizing a soft tissue technique called Trigger Point Therapy prior to adjusting. He knows how to "melt knots" and find those troubled spots. It's obvious that he enjoys teaching when going over the symptoms, what he's doing, why he's doing it,, and what you can expect both during the session, and afterward.He is intuitive, which is very important in someone who is a bodywork healthcare professional.  It's obvious that he is educated well in his craft. He is compassionate and a fantastic listener and gets down to the nitty gritty. The best part is he genuinely wants to find the root of the problem and fix it. Dr Warner is hands down my top choice for chiropractic care in Phoenix. What I really like about Dr. Warner is he  prioritizes patient healing and independence, and his treatment plans are effective and efficient.  You will not spend years going to his office three times per week, because he truly wants to see his patients get better and go on to do all the things they love to do.  To this end, Dr. Warner offers exercises, stretches and other lifestyle modifications to his patients so they can continue their healing outside of his office.I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a fantastic chiropractor.  I wouldn't consider going to any other chiropractor.
5	Dr Warner is great, acupressure and chiropractic work together fixed me right up.
5	Dr. Nick Warner always does a great job! He is always professional and has a clean, peaceful atmosphere. I'll go again and again with any back problems.
