5	Really excellent customer service and a great selection of things that I don't particularly "need," but definitely want for my home.  Far less expensive than places like Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn with a selection I generally prefer I get the idea that as a new home owner I'm due to spend a bit of time and money here.
4	Really love the offerings from Pier 1.  For a company that was on the rocks a couple of years ago, they have really rebounded with excellent home fashion items.  The help is terrific, store is well merchandised with lots of selection.  Love the furniture and the glass/bar ware.
5	I don't write too many reviews for retailers. If I do its usually either a really positive experience or it's really bad and I try to warn others. We had an experience at this location recently that was great. My wife and I found some chairs (on sale) we liked but wanted a different fabric. Pier one doesn't really do any custom work meaning that they sell whatever they get. The employees did a search of other stores and there was only 1 chair and it was in Washington so that wouldn't work. We gave the employee our phone number and left disappointed because we thought it was a lost cause and these chairs were merely unicorns. Fast forward 3 weeks and the phone rings and it's a manager from the store telling us they located two chairs and wondered if we were still interested. We were and they had the chairs shipped in to their store and sold them to us at the sale price! Not only that but they took another 10% off for opening a store credit card which I don't normally do but it knocked another $60 off the bottom line. We got the chairs the day before Thanksgiving and they are perfect.....Im still impressed that the employees took the time to listen to us, search for the chairs, find them and call us. Great job to the Pier One team!!!
4	This was a very clean store and it smelled great!  I was immediately greeted from a distance when I entered (a little bell rang alerting them - great idea).  She came to me and asked how she could help.  I told her what pieces I was looking for and she walked me to 2 locations in the store so that I could look at them/compare.  I additionally walked the rest of the store - and again - very clean and well organized.
