3	Sally's is a good place for non-professionals to get some near-professional and sometime professional grade styling, perming, coloring, and general hair care products.  Their prices are usually fair and their selection OK, only I would caution taking the advice of anyone working there.  You don't have to have a cosmetology license to do so, and if you do and you're working at Sally's, I wonder about your competency.  Although they may mean well, and sometimes they may know what they're talking about, I would defer to a professional stylist for their advice before going on a home hair mission.  I've seen more than one head ruined by bad Sally's advice.
4	I really love Sally's; I buy the Hairtrition line of haircare products because the moisturizing line actually WORKS! It makes my hair super shiny and soft. They also carry my favorite nail polish line; China Glaze. If you sign up for a sally card they're only $4.50 or so, as opposed to nearly $6. The savings add up if you're a nail polish junkie like I am! This location is often clean and quiet, with decent parking. Sometimes the lot can fill up and be a little more of a challenge to park in, but it's not the store's fault. The employees here have been helpful and pleasant. This is NOT a promotional store; the crackle line of polishes was never shipped here, so don't come here expecting to find a limited run unless it's on sale from another store...
5	I've been going to this Sally's forever, and am always satisfied. The ladies that work in there truly know their stuff, and keep you posted on all the sales.
1	I'm never coming back to this location. I would rather drive further for better customer service. Normally the people here are ok, however yesterday's visit was horrible. I usually go in to buy the usual stuff. When I approached the counter ready to pay for my items, I asked the woman if they carried any eyebrow kits. Without even bothering to look she gave me a quick "No". When I left, I turned around to take a quick look at the racks and sure enough, the eyebrow kits were there. I told her, "Actually, you do carry them and they're right there". She then responded with, "Ok", not even leaving the counter area. She treated me like a jerk. So, be aware of the Indian woman who works there. She's really rude. And if you are heavily tattooed, she treats you worse.
1	Real ghetto never again that Indian lady's , and she didn't even help rude and very ignorant + she certainly doesn't no nothing I tried asking her simple questions and not even focused or anything I'm giving a star just because u have to so I can post this
5	I had some basic questions about mani/pedi products and all of my questions were answered by Shauna and George.  They were both professional and friendly.  I had just had a bad experience at another Sally's location and so I already had a high expectation when coming here.  I live right across the street from one Sally's but they will NEVER get another cemt from me.  I did appreciate Shauna and George, I got a Sally's card and I look forward to coming back in whem I need help.
