5	We visited this little restaurant today and we were overjoyed with the spectacular meal and friendly attentive service. Highly recommend a visit to this lovely place.
5	So happy to have found this TOP NOTCH gem in Montreal!! Thank youuuu YELP! The food...phenomenal! The service....SUPERB! Honestly, terrific experience! We had such a fun time...Luis and his wife were so patient with my friends, who were there for their first ceviche-experience (they loved it!!!!)....THANK YOU!I would give an extra star if I could --- 6star spot!We'll be back!
5	This place is amazing!! Thank goodness for yelp.The ceviche was unreal. I had shrimp, fish and octopus with mango and avocado. I also ordered the chicken empanadas.Luis is an amazing guy- so friendly! The location itself is quaint and beautiful!!Awesome experience. I'll definitely be going every few weeks to get my ceviche fix.
5	Wonderful hidden gem from the busy streets. Family restaurant with excellent service and food. If you are craving ceviche, this is the place to go. They're fish tacos are melt-in-your-mouth excellent.
5	Excellent choice. The actual ceviche is a hit! Empanadas are great too. Service was impeccable, We were actually served by the owner. Cozy place, amazing food with a twist of Venezuelan flavours. Deserts!!!!! Man-o-man...
5	Delicious, authentic, made with tons of love; family owned... Need I say more? Go! You will not regret it!
4	Very hard to find place that's worth your time!First time having ceviche, it's simply delicious. You can ask for the chef to improvise and have a mixed sea food ceviche. Writing about it is making me salivate again!Sampled also the fish tacos, very tasty with a simple presentation. The soft tacos were meh. The tostones (banana chips) are very filling as an appetizer, best to share. The empanadas (stuffed pastry) are also good. The ceviche is really the dish you should ordered, however.The prices are low so you can sample multiple dishes. About the decor, you can feel it's a family-owned business that puts their work more into their food than the look of the place. We went for dinner on a weekday and it was very, very quiet, although we were not the only patrons of the place.It is also a small store that sells 'exotic' groceries. I also bought their home-made donuts, which were in a bag next to the cash registry. Bad mistake, they were so hard that I could have chipped my tooth on one of them. Aside from this, overall great good, definitely go there for the ceviche.
