4	I went here for lunch this past weekend and I had a very hard time selecting what I wanted, which is always a good sign.  They have pizzas, sandwiches and salads on the menu as well as some specials.  All of the food is geared toward a healthier lifestyle and as Shannon said they give you a lot of useful nutritional information right on the menu.  They have a lot of grilled fish and lean meats to choose from on their sandwiches and salads.  I got an ahi tuna burger and it was grilled just enough and the sauce was spicy but not too hot.  I got their edamame cucumber salad as a side and it was very refreshing as it was a hot and humid day. We went at an off hour and it was still pretty packed so finding a table during peak times might prove to be difficult.  One  thing I appreciated is that everything is really straight forward and explained well on the menu.  My sister who was having lunch with me went right across the parking lot to Whole Foods to get dried currants after the meal to try to recreate the cucumber salad when she gets home to Pennsylvania.
4	With the seated area outdoors, I was enticed to eat outdoors that day.  I was about to leave back to Chicago on this day, but thought it would be nice to get some healthy food and check out a new spot.  The interior is pretty open and functions without the need for a waitress, but not like a fast food joint.  They have quite an extensive menu for a healthy food spot.  I thought it might even be just vegetarian, but it's not.  My coffee wasn't very good because I had her add in the fat free caramel syrup, so that was my own fault.  So many things sounded good here, and I ended up choosing the steak and egg scramble.  It was a pretty nice portion and tasty.  I could totally see myself coming here after a good workout or something and feel good about myself after choosing anything to eat here.  The prices are decent, and the service was alright.
2	So, Soma what can I say?  I have passed this place numerous times and looked forward in trying it, especially after reading their menu.  Unfortunately, I would soon be very disappointed.  The layout of the restaurant was very plain and lacked any enjoyment.  First off, I would like to say I enjoy healthy food but most of all I enjoy good food.  The food at Soma was not good, even though it may be healthy with their little calorie count on the menu.  I was deeply saddened when I noticed I had missed their breakfast.  So, in its place, I ordered a grilled salmon flat bread sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The food arrived after what seemed to be a long wait.  The sweet potato fries were luke warm to cold, but they did make for good spoons for the yummy ketchup.  The flat bread sandwich was not pleasing especially when the flat bread taste as though it came from a plastic bag from the Whole Foods across the way.  The sandwich had no flavor and the salmon was a little fishy and lacked body with half of one half only half full.  My dining companion had regular potato fires and a tuna sandwich, which may have been some of the worst tuna I have ever had.  I feel like such a hater, but the food was not good and the price for the food was too high for the product.  I want to give this place a one, but we did have food and it would have been a one point something.
4	I have visited Soma on numerous occasions.  I have tried many different things and founf them all tasty.  I like that they go easy on the things that make most restaurant food unhelthy.   There is lonly light use of oil, cheeses and creamy sauces.  I have recently tried them for breakfast.  I have had their oatmeal with fruit, pancakes, and omelet.  The oatmeeal is the best followed by the pancakes.   The omelet was a little dry but I prefer that to swimming in grease!
3	I had breakfast here this morning with a friend before we did a little grocery shopping at Whole Foods. It was my first time here, but my friend eats here all the time.  It's one of her favorite restaurants.  I went with the garden omlette and apple cinnamon toast.  It was good and definitely tasted healthy.  Heather had the oatmeal with brulee topping and fresh berries.  I tried hers, it was pretty good too.  Everything was good, but not spectacular. There is lots of seating and the service was fast.  I wasn't wow'd by anything.  I will definitely try this place again.  I hear the sweet potato fries are excellent.
2	SOMAny places I would rather eat.  I understand this is supposed to be lighter healthier fare, but I was very disappointed by my salad.  VERY.  It was the salmon salad and the dressing was too vinegary and too off.I won't be returning, so I won't be trying anything else just to see if maybe I ordered the wrong thing.
4	Had lunch at SOMA today --- the firey beef salad. It was yummy! The beef was lean; there was lots of lettuce and the dressing had NO oil but a definite kick! Couldn't pass up a side of the baked french fries -- with a soft drink, my total bill was around $12. Some people may not like that the salad was made with regular iceberg lettuce, but it doesn't bother me. Today wasn't my first visit... I've had sandwiches in the past. I really like this place and would recommend it for a light, healthy meal!
4	Had a great breakfast here on a Sunday morning!  I went with the veggie omelet with dry honey wheat toast and my best friend had the french toast with fresh fruit.  We absolutely loved our meals!  My omelet was a standard veggie omelet with a great mix of fresh veggies.  What really set the meal apart was the unbelievable toast and the fact that they had mini sugar free jams.  I don't usually have heart palpitations over bread but something about this wheat bread nearly brought me to my knees...Why 4 stars?I don't really like the idea of ordering at the counter but that's the norm here at Soma.  We sat in cozy chairs and really enjoyed our breakfast and people watching.  From what we could see everyone seemed to know each other here and it appeared that the owners/workers were all interacting with a large group of 'regulars.'  It was nice and made me want to be in the 'regular club.'  Still not in the club...Haven't been back but will definitely add it to the tasty light breakfast/lunch rotation
5	A lot more than a restaurant.  The best place to hang out in North Phoenix.  A mixed crowd of mostly 20 to 40-somethings.  However, everyone is made welcome.  Great HEALTHY  food.  Friendly servers.  The burgers (Beef, Turkey, Veggie, Tofu) are all great.  The edamame salad is one of my favs.  For breakfast get the protein/complex carb pancakes (order just 1... its huge) or granola/fruit oatmeal. Great smoothies as well.
5	I Love SOMA!! Everything is so HEALTHY here -  you feel so good after eating here. Everything on their menu has the calories quoted for you - how great is that? All of their salad dressings have no oil - I just love their philosophy towards Diet/Nutrition /Health & Wellness. It makes everything taste better =0)
5	This has quickly become one of my favorite spots. I have now eaten here for all meals and have never had a bad experience. My new favorite is the tuna salad. Normally this is not my usual salad choice since most places load on the mayo and make your Innocent salad as unhealthy as a big mac but that is not the case at SOMA. Would you believe, my current salad fixation is a measly 168 calories!!!!!!!!! I AM SERIOUS! You have to try it! I am sure I will be back again this week!
1	Very sad news... The friend I was meeting for lunch at Soma the other day, arrived first to discover the doors closed and tables stacked upon one another. We picked another place but I could not help but wonder if they were just closed that day or if it was another casualty of the economy or whatever... after some surfing, I found this report that Soma has in fact "left the Valley" :(http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2008/11/so_long_soma_cafe.php
