5	I don't know why you would go anywhere else. The fellow who runs this shop is what I think of as a traditional businessman. He's got a trade, is well known in the neighborhood, and asks a fair price. He does darn good work, too!I've gotten various shoes repaired over the last decade or so here, from leather to suede with lots of random requests in between. I think he may have even done my tap shoes way back when. One pair in particular he re-soled them 3 times. Man, I loved those shoes ... Anywho, the last time I had him patch the toes of my UGG boots (Don't judge. They are so comfy.) he charged me so little that I left him a big 'ole tip. Bottom line: nice guy, great service. Support local business!
5	I got two pairs of shoes fixed here recently and I was very pleased with the work done and the cost.  It is a great little business to have in the neighborhood! Make sure you call and check their hours... Saturdays are probably your best bet.
5	I brought a shoe here that needed re-glued and it was done the next day and was so cheap.  The store owner was very friendly.  Would definitely do business here again.
5	Amazing...The owner of this establishment is honest, fair and skilled.  I have a pair of leather boots that I had reconditioned at this establishment.  My boots went from bad to great.  Total cost, $7!  $7 Insane value.  Great place.  I am so pleased places like this exist.
5	Long story short - I lost the heel of my favorite pair of well-worn boots - a decade-old pair of Coach leather riding boots that were in otherwise excellent condition. I brought them in tears to Edgewood Shoe Repair thinking they could never be fixed and it would be like losing an old friend. Two days and seven bucks (SEVEN BUCKS !!!) I had them back in absolutely perfect condition, and with a free shine thrown in ! They looked as good as the day I bought them. I honestly can't tell that it had any work done on it at all - the friendly, welcoming shoemaker's skill is THAT good ! I'm now going through my closet looking for other shoes that I thought were goners as I just know this magical man can bring them back to life as well. Can I give more than five stars ? Truly a hidden gem in Edgewood...
