5	The burger and wings were great! Very nice place compared to the other local bars around. They even have all flat screen tv's. I'm going to be going back it's nice to actually find a place that's clean and has good quality food.
4	A nice place to hang out and get a bite to eat.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports and live bands on some nights.  Nice outdoor patio with big windows that open up to the bar area.  And the owners usually come to your table to say hello.  Go on Tues & Thurs for $1.50 domestics.
5	Great food and good bands!
4	I was there for lunch 2 times, both the burger and chicken were good and for $5.00 you can't go wrong.  Had both X and Dove as waitresses and both were great, will be back time and time again.Food is still great, X is no longer there, so ask for Kelly.
5	Nice to have a bike friendly place to go in the south. Great food and staff as well!
4	Our band played here last Saturday night... Great, laid-back place. Clean, nice patio area, excellent food w/ huge portions, VERY friendly staff, all the things you'd want in a cool, neighborhood bar. They have lot's of HD big screens, so I imagine in the Fall/Winter football viewing would be nice here as well.
4	Decent bar food.Friendly service, cheap drinks.  Like the patio.  Love when Vintage Rocket band is playing.  Can bring the kids to listen to music since food is served until 2am!  CHEAP!
5	This a great bar with excellent beer on tap, tasty food, and a very friendly staff.  I really enjoyed the awesome karaoke show that happens every Tuesday.  The outdoor patio is an added bonus that really makes this a standout establishment.
4	Cool bar, live music, drinks prices are great, I'll have to try the food nextime!!
4	A clean neighborhood bar/grill with live music and a decent happy hour.  I have had nothing but excellent bar food here.  Love the outdoor patio when the weather permits.Wish more original bands would play here.  I can hear cover bands across the street!**Addendum** grabbed some 99 cent Tacos on a Tuesday and they were OH SO YUMMY!  WIN!
5	Great place. Great food. Get the the Philly. Its one of the best cheese steaks around. It Would be the nuts if they would offer it with cheese whizz. Hopefully the next time I come in, they will have it. The Bar tenders are great as well. Overall one of the best place's around.
5	It's well long over due that I write a review about this place.  I visit this place several times throughout the week and on the weekends well I'm there every day.  When I first started going here I was just making a pit stop and grabbing a drink.  Now when I go I hang out for a bit, grab a drink and some food...not to mention my two a days when I go twice in one day (translation for those that need it).  Now let me get back to the food.  It's really difficult to call this bar food because it is so damn good.  I stop by for lunch, dinner, take out, whatever just try the Philly Cheese Steak (get it with Cheese Whiz) or the Ribeye Steak Sandwich, better yet the Chicken Sandwich with the swiss and mushrooms, heck get some wings while you're at it because those wings are big and juicy. Quite honestly you can blindly choose any item on that menu and I bet you that you will love it.  I gotta tell you, this place is a cool spot to hang out whether you ride a motorcycle or not, this place is a great place for great food you just can't go wrong.  The ingredients are fresh and there is a REAL cook in the kitchen.  Not someone just unwrapping food and throwing it on the grill or in the fryer.  This person has cooking skills. The chicken is seasoned to perfection and it's juicy...juicy chicken is very important in my book.  I went there the other night for pickup and there was a couple with the same thing in mind as myself as they left out of there with 4 big takeout containers of FOOD.  And it's reasonably priced!  Ok enough ranting about the food it's making me hungry and it's only 10:47am.  The bartenders are fricken awesome!  The owners are cool as hell.  The patrons are cool laid back folks (usually bikers and some non-bikers sprinkled in) but don't let that keep you from going there.  The inside is really nice and clean, the outdoor patio is covered and spacious with televisions everywhere.  There's live music here as well.  This is the best thing about moving to this side of town for me. Good food, good prices, good people...what more can you ask for??
4	Great lunch menu, waitress's are a lot of fun.  I have  been there several times and the food has always been great.  Bacon cheeseburger for $5.00 at lunch can't be beat!  I have tried the chicken there also, but it tends to be a little dry.
1	I have been checking on this place for the last couple weeks, first there was a sign on the door, "Temporarily closed, come back later"  Not a good sign.  Stopped again today, letter from the city showing is is shut down.  What a shame, were did my favorite waitresses go???
3	This place shut down :(
