1	I feel the need to review this Starbucks because, well, when I was in there, it was without a doubt the most disgusting coffee shop I've ever seen (and I've worked for that generic 'independent' coffee shop we all know).  I've been a student for ages now and have been to many a Starbucks in my day and this is, by far, the nastiest one I've seen.  I hate to knock a place purely for how it looks, but when the tables are nasty, there's dust on the windowsills, and food debris everywhere....it doesn't seem that appetizing.  I know it may be a recession and you're suffering but seriously, clean up your act Starbucks.
3	Great place to get a steaming hot Tea Bag.
2	The service is so slow.  Short staffed.  The lady at the register is very nice and really tries.  They have only 1 person making drinks at any given time and in the morning it is horrible,  Only store in the area.  Avoid!!  Lunch time is even worst.
1	They commit the ultimate sin for a coffee shop: milk is NEVER available over at the drink station. No milk of any kind. And then when you go up to the barista stand to ask for milk, some of them give you the stink-eye. If it didn't have the built-in traffic from the movie theater next door and American Express and Petsmart, this Starbucks would tank but fast.
2	I don't hit the corporate crack pipe too often, but when I do, I love me some banana nut loaf and Chai tea! For some reason though- this location, the last couple of times that I have ordered the bread it has been semi-stale.  I mean, at 490 calories a whack- it should taste PHENOMENAL!
1	The bathroom is disgusting, it should be check on regularly, especially when there are 3 of you working an no one actually doing anything and you're not busy.As far as service and product, it's Starbucks.
2	This Starbucks is one i go to ONLY when i am shopping in the deer valley amc area. I would NEVER go out of my way to come here. The staff is so unfriendly, it honestly makes me sick. There are always new people and i have come across only maybe 2 or 3 that have been somewhat friendly. This Starbucks is dirty (maybe clean the bathroom once in a while?!) My drink is never ever made right, they slop it together. Honestly, don't waste your time coming here unless you are in dire need of coffee.
4	Super friendly, super fast, and yummy tea.  =)   Plus it was next door from the pizza joint and on the way to my car.
1	They should just shut this location down. I can not get a drink to come out of that store correctly to save my life. I am not exaggerating, my drinks are wrong more than they are right. I will give them some credit, when I order a drip..they nail it ever time. This issue has been going on long before the whole "New management" story. They write out your drink right and then you walk out with it completely wrong.Wrong sizes, missing ingredients...obvious ingredients and my favorite, coffee grounds at the bottom of your cup. AVOID at all costs. Trust me, the drive down the road to a different Starbucks is worth your time. I promise. I go to this location everyday for one reason only, it's super close to my house. I try to go to locations by my school or work but in the morning when you want your coffee before your drive you hit up the one closest to you. I have called and called and called and called to try and let them know something needs to change. Eventually the business will dry up and the lazy employees will be with out a place to go to work. Today was my final incorrect drink. I will be taking my daily spending to a new location. Trust me, the amount I spend will make a dent.
4	Always mess up my order. I went in with my wife and there was 1 person behind me waiting to order. I was told that I couldn't pay seperatly to get 2 stars. I had to combine my order. I could understand if they were really busy.
3	I love the fact that this location is close to the theater because I study and do homework for school before I hang out. I understand all the baristas are busy helping customers but wish the store could be a little cleaner to include the restrooms. I am a health food journalist with the Examiner and I have visited the Starbucks at the Happy Valley Norterra location and they are always clean. Hope to see changes soon but the crew are amazing they really are.
1	Very disappointed with this location. I was told they were out of sausage breakfast sandwiches and then someone 20 minutes after me was able to get a sausage sandwich while I was sitting right there. No sense of urgency by anyone working there and it seems understaffed no matter when I go in.
4	I'm a regular at this Starbucks. Never had a bad experience. Always a solid product, the staff, especially the young redhead, has been terrific. No caffeine coffeehouse airs here. Plenty of seating inside plus a large wooden table and comfy chairs. A number of tables outside perfect for me my iPad and a tall cold ice tea.  Free wi-fi.
5	I've never been displeased with this location. It is across the street from work and even though we have a "Starbucks" in our cafeteria we come here. Better selection, plus we get out of the building. Everyone working here has always been super friendly.
1	I am just ordering while an employee who walked in ahead of me has left with her drink. It's always nice to know the customer comes first?
4	Great customer service.  I called in to order 6 coffees.  Got to the store and only 4 were correct.  Geez.  The lady apologized.  She gave me all I wanted.  My order!  Then a manager gave me a $10 gift card for the trouble.  Thank you for keep customers happy.
1	pathetic customer service...  ordered a decaf for my mom.  they said they don't brew after noon but they would start a pot.  after 7-10 min of waiting I went to check on it and they didn't even have it started yet!  just canceled the order cuz we had to make our movie time.
1	I don't think I have ever been to a slower Starbucks!  Nate has one speed!  Slow....crazy
1	Slowest Starbucks I have ever been in and horrible customer service.  Waiting for my drink order, no one in line and three employees not doing anything, standing around on their phones.  I had to ask twice to get my order finished.  My drink wasn't near as good as I get at the Starbucks I frequent.
3	It's very spacious. Employees are great but always seem too busy. You might have to double check to make sure they heard you. Parking could be difficult depending on when you go since it's next to the movies. Overall a nice visit during a weekday.
1	I go into this Starbucks almost every morning because it's minutes from work. It has got to be the slowest Starbucks I've ever gone to. It's 6am when I usually go in, so most of the time it's empty. Yet it can take 15 minutes to get one drink. A couple of the workers are very nice. However there is an older lady who stands around talking instead of making the order. Then when she finally gets it done, she hands the hot cup of coffee without the sleeve. So you have to ask for it. Then its usually thrown on the counter. God forbid you ask for the green thing to stop your drink from spilling. A couple of ladies will do this automatically, this particular one just seems like she could care less.
4	I always received great service here, it's usually pretty fast. Drinks are about as expensive  as you expected any normal Starbucks
4	This is my "work" Starbucks right across the street from the AMEX corporate Campus in Deer Valley AZ. I visit this location at least 3 times a week on average and the service is always great. I say this because I hear a lot of complaints about slow service at Starbucks and while this one does get busy the staff that works there are always so friendly. I don't like the fact that the prices went up but I can understand because Starbucks does make a quality product. My drink of choice use to be the "White chocolate Mocha" but now I have the "Caramel Macchiato" because it has about 200 less calories.....LOL!!!! So whatever you choice of drink is if your in this area please stop by this location. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
