5	Hands down the best bike shop in town. An old-school bike shop run by a guy that really loves bikes. French is as good of a mechanic as it gets...he's a walking encyclopedia on any and every bike going back 30 years. His work is always fairly priced, no unnecessary repairs ordered, and he'll even tell you what you can do yourself to some $$$. If his repairs or overhaul aren't complete, he makes it right. Refreshing to find a mechanic you can truly trust
5	Excellent suspension Set up/Repair  on my 1996 GSXR 11o0..I traveled from boulder CO and had some trouble along the way ..the HARSH suspension TRAVEL was KILLING me! French went out of his way to Get me back in super PLUSH style. As good as it gets, French The Wrench Knows his stuff. Abide what he says. Dave S.
5	French is the man to see! I bought a used  Kawasaki KZ650, that I knew needed a new rear tire, and I didn't feel comfortable riding it around without getting it inspected. I found Cyclewerks on Yelp, and French was very nice to speak with. He is straight to the point, no BS, and knows his stuff. I brought the bike in, got two new tires, tuned up, new plugs and tightened my chain...  Boy was it worth it. Rides amazingnow. The other day the battery blew as did a fuse. French recommended a great towing company, AZ motorcycle towing, and repaired me the next day. My whole wiring was messed up from the previous owner, so French re-did it in a half hour. For a new batter and re-wiring it was a very fair price. Very glad I found French for my motorcycle needs!
5	Had my bike in cyclewerks twice for two different issues. The mechanic took can of everything I needed and help me understand the mechanics of the bike (I'm very novice). Both French and the mechanic chatted with me and offered suggestions and service for all my needs without jacking the price up.. French even offered for me to bring in bikes I'm considering buying to have inspected to aid in a great buy. They have earned my business for the life......
5	Quality of work - 5/5Knowledge - 5/5Friendliness/Interaction/Experience - 5/5Type of work  - Rear Tire Mounting and BalancingType of motorcycle - Ducati 620 Supersport.Price for the work - $23 out the door. (includes tire disposal fee)I brought my own tire and removed the wheel from the swingarm myself at home and brought it in. I am SO happy to have found this place. French is very friendly and welcoming. Most other mechanics I've been to are mostly cranky and have a chip on their shoulder - so i have to make it a point to say that French is very friendly He had the tire mounted and balanced in 15 minutes in and out. He gave good advice on the tire compound I should be using for the kind of bike and riding I'll be doing. The whole time I was there we had a GREAT CONVERSATION about bikes - whats new in the market and what kinda bikes he liked and what kinda bikes I liked and all that. He's a happy chap that really knows and likes what he does and THAT makes him a great Motorcycle Mechanic :)
