2	I want to like this place more because their menu looks very appetizing.  I got the beef yaki soba noodles... when i think of soba noodles they are a little thicker than ramen noodles.  These were not it, they were more like ramen noodles.  The beef was very good not fatty at all and the veggies were good too.  The sauce had a little too much ginger in it or something... just didn't appeal to my tastes much.  I came here with 7 other people and almost everyone enjoyed their meal so this tells me I need to try something else.  I will be back.
3	This place is very cute. I love the various reading material offered at the counter dining spots. I've only tried their sushi so far and it's pretty good. An order of rolls includes 8 rolls and a side of edamame(sp?). The rolls aren't the tightests and most of the time the rice falls off, but the spicy tuna and the california rolls had good flavor. The prices aren't that great, I think they're about $1 to $3 over priced for what they offer on the plate.  But maybe that's why they have their sushi club cards. Something like after you buy 10 sushi meals you get the next one free or something like that.
4	I love this place - right across the street from my office. I usually go for the chicken bowl. You can get it with brown rice, white meat only if you wish. I have had the beef & chicken bowl, the California rolls, the Las Vegas rolls and the Philly Roll. The staff is very friendly and the food is quick - even though the place is usually packed at lunch. If I go out at lunch, 9 times out of 10 it is here.
5	Great place for sushi and non-sushi lovers. I went there my second time today for lunch, and it is really easy to get to by car, walking, or light rail!The restaurant is clean and simple, with plenty of table even during lunchtime. I had the Tiger Roll (shrimp, avocado and cucumber) and a side of white rice, which was perfect for my hunger level.  My boyfriend's Beef Teriyaki Bowl was very simple (rice and beef with sauce), but was very tasty!Haiku Grill has a pretty extensive sushi and non-sushi menu, and is a good alternative to Mill Ave. for lunch!
5	I've been to Haiku Grill many times and can definitely recommend it as a good place to eat.  I normally order a "Chicken Veggie Bowl" with all-white meat and brown rice. Their brown rice usually comes out really good (not an easy task for most places) and the chicken and veggies are tasty.Today, I decided to try their maki and ordered the spicy tuna rolls. Spicy tuna rolls is my favorite sushi, but I've had bad sushi in the past and I'm always a little wary to try it at new places. However, I had noticed lots of other people eating sushi here during my previous visits and from what I could tell they enjoyed their meals.  I was happily surprised with the quality of the sushi at Haiku Grill. The rolls were a good size (other places I've gone to make them too large to easily fit in your mouth) and had a good amount of fish in them.  My one complaint would probably be that the roll wasn't very spicy. The edamame was very good as well.On another plus, the staff is very friendly and I've never had a case of bad service.  If you're in a hurry, go for the chicken bowl as I had to wait about twice as long for my rolls and I saw orders for chicken and beef bowls that were placed after my order come out before mine. Not a complaint, but something to keep in mind.  You can always call in your order, too.Haiku Grill - made of win!
4	Great simple sushi place!Not a whole lot of frills, not a wide "authentic" selection, but perfect if you want a quick, simple meal.  No Sushi bar- it's more like a good fast food Sushi restaurant.  Serves other food as well- but have never tried anything else.  Place closes at 7- I have always went there for (take out) diner right before they close, and there is always someone trying to get in after hours.
4	I stopped in at Haiku Grill for the first time today to grab a California Roll and run back to work.  I will say it was very good!!  8 pieces and only $5 plus tax.  It came with wasabi and ginger as they do most anywhere but it also came with edamame which I did not eat because I am a picky patty.  They had what looked like a decent selection of sushi rolls on the menu plus they have teriyaki bowls and tempura items to choose from.  I will definitely be back to try Haiku Grill again.
2	Wasn't widely impressed with the food the first time i stopped in a few weeks ago.  Decided to give it another go today for lunch, and man... aint going back for sure. I had the unagi bowl and it was just overly drenched with an oddly sweet teriyaki sauce. Being Asian, i knew this wasn't going to be "authentic" asian cuisine, but i'm pretty flexible considering my locaiton.  But the young cashier girl is mainly what turned me off to the place.  She dilly dallied as she attempted to flirt with a gay guy that was in front of me who didn't even order anything.  When she finally took my order, she forgot to give me my drink cup.  Since there was a lady behind me waiting to order as well, i decided to wait till after she ordered to ask for my drink cup.  Mind you there was only the two of us as customers at the time.  When i asked her for the cup, she said, with attitude, "oh yea.." and came back with a plastic water cup! When i asked her if it was the 'large drink cup' she glared at me, and said "is that what you ordered".. ok  seriously, she wrung up a total of 3 items in the last 10 minutes, and she already forgot what 1 of the 3 items was?  When i said yes and showed her my receipt, she snatched the cup outta my hand, fiddled behind the counter for a few, and handed me the correct cup size, but not forgetting to roll her eyes as she handed it to me.  What ever happened to customer service?
3	2-3 stars.I'm reluctant to give it a solid 2 stars because I have yet to try the sushi. I definitely know that sushi is fresher in AZ than it is in the midwest (where i stayed for 4.5 years), so my assumption is that it can't be too bad. Next time I'll try it. The miso soup here is so-so. It's served hot, which is the most important part. The ginger dressing for salads is not too bad, either. The chicken teriyaki bento box, however, was 'eh'. The chicken had a nice flavor to it and you get tons of rice BUT *sigh* the rice was so mushy and wet I felt like it was made for a baby. For the price you pay there's not much variety: soppy rice + chicken + scraps of rubbery cabbage and broccoli + sugary, viscous dressing that is teriyaki sauce. On top of that, the chicken and rice was luke warm... the worst!But, after all that, I do come back here when I forget to bring my lunch and am craving something close to childhood comfort food.
5	Excellent service and great food!  The prices are just right and they have a punch card for a free drink and free lunch.  I love the Chicken Yakisoba Noodles... a favorite!
3	Great place for a quick lunch.  I usually get the teriyaki chicken bowl, sauce on the side.  I'm disappointed that they took the short ribs off the menu - they were amazing.  They are quick and efficient.  If I need to pick it up, I usually call and it is ready in 5-10 minutes.
4	Good food. Clean environment.
4	Tempura Shrimp bowl is awesome. I like the fried rice too. It's a bit pricey here.
1	How do you do a all white chicken teriyaki wrong? Go here! Very dry & bland. Already left with it to go... A few bites and it went in the trash.
3	It was okay. Maybe it was the lunch time crunch but the teriyaki steak was a bit thin and seemed to be more rice than anything. It was okay. But have had better, there is a Lack of options in the area so. I'll come back probably... Give them another chance
4	I'm giving this place an average review.  There rolls are good as well as their service.  My disappointment was their teriyaki bowls.  Not to impressed with those.  Doesnt have a good teriyaki flavor.  Their roles are decent though for being fast food.
