1	Incredibly rude staff, waiting lobby is too small, no automatic doors, (if your walking with crutches these doors help), my appointment was at 10:45 I showed up at 10:30 I wasnt called in till 11:30, go to a different office because here they'll waste your time and patience
1	Rude staff, and they were all sick too!! Stay at home! They even had the gall to take my money 30 min past my appt time and before any services were done. That's. first. I see why now, people walked out. Do not go here, don't even say thank you after taking your money
3	I've been here twice now, once for an ultrasound and again for and MRI, and have always experienced pleasant staff. The waiting room is too small, however, and the building could do with a bit of a renovation. Overall I don't think this is a bad location and will be back if the need arises.
2	Very strange set up and check in process. I arrived 20 minutes early for my appointment assuming I'd have paperwork having never been here before.  The girl at the front desk had me write my name on a sticker and then sent me away.  About 10 minutes later I was called to the desk to "check in" and complete the registration forms (not sure why I couldn't have been doing those as soon as I arrived, but ok).  She took my insurance card and ID and had me sit back down.  20 minutes AFTER my scheduled appointment time (so 40 minutes total), I was finally called back where I received my ID and insurance card (weird that they held onto it, but again - whatever).  The ultrasound tech was very pleasant and efficient although there was almost no explanation of the procedure and she didn't ask if I had any questions.  (Luckily I was already familiar with it, but how was she to know?)  The rest of the staff - virtually no eye contact, no smiles, very little interest in the patients at all.  I've worked in healthcare for a very long time and if there IS any organization to this office, it is not apparent as a patient.  The office space is unwelcoming and small and they were showing a soap opera on the TV in the waiting room.  All in all, an unprofessional office and if I need imaging services in the future, I will choose another location or facility.  I am giving 2 stars for a 1 star-worthy review simply because the clinic areas were very clean and much care was taken to appropriately sanitize equipment in my presence.
1	This place is horrible with keeping your appointment time, their over book patients. I got here at 11:45am for 12:30pm appointment and I didn't call until 1:05pm just for a simple monogram test. There was so many people waiting that I had to wait outside. I was done at 2:15pm. What kills me is I an appointment for 12:30pm and they asked me to be here at 12:noon like if they were going to see me in time.I'll never return here again.Also I didn't get apology for the screw up.
1	3 hour wait. My referring doctor sent me to the wrong office, so that's on him.  Making a patient wait for 3 hours while staff watches ellen is never acceptable.
1	If I could give it a negative rating, I would. This isn't for the actual medical service, but the front desk/scheduling is just sorry. I made an appointment with them, went in and they turn around to tell me i was scheduled for something else in their system. I tried to reschedule, but no, nothing is available for months. I mean are these people serious? I wait all this time to go for my appointment, and now this. I was told I could wait around and they'll work me into the schedule. I asked them for an estimate on the wait time, they couldn't give me any. So i'm supposed to just wait around there for hours and maybe, just maybe I'd get someone to attend to me. With all that being said, I understand there is human error. Even though the screw up was their fault, no one even offered an apology. It was more of an it-is-what-it-is attitude. Waste of my time
4	Thanks to Stacey Web! She called me to apologize (which was much appreciated, doesn't happen often) and got me rescheduled for another appointment. It went pretty smoothly and the lady that performed the mammogram was a delight. Just sucks that my previous experience was unpleasant. Second time was a charm
4	I was referred here by my obgyn's office for an ultrasound.  I made my appointment about a week and a half ago, and they were able to accomodate the date and time I requested.  I received several confirmation calls, which was nice.I arrived well before they had asked me to be there...(10:30 appointment, 10:00am check in...I got there at 9:40am) and started on the paperwork.  Unlike so many places, it was only 2 1/2 pages, which was nice.  After turning in my paperwork and id, I only sat for about 10 minutes before I was taken back to the ultrasound area...and THIS is why the review is 4 stars instead of 3:  First of all, they give you two gowns:  one to close in the front, and one to close in the back so you are fully covered!  No more embarrasing "is my butt hanging out of this" look, which was nice...especially since you sit in a waiting room before going in for the procedure.  I don't really want to flash strangers my pasty white bum.  The woman who performed the ultrasound was amazing.  She went through the standard questions, about why I was in for the test, had I had one before, etc.  She told me exactly what to expect, and checked on my repeatedly throughout the procedure.  The ultrasound I had was not painful in the slightest, although there were moments of discomfort.  As soon as my breathing changed, she asked if I was ok.  Its little things like this that make me REALLY feel ok with being at any kind of doctor's office.  She seemed to really care about my comfort.  I would definitely come back here again if I need more tests.
4	I had my follow up visit yesterday, and I have to say...this visit wasn't as smooth as the last one, but it ended up being a good example of customer service. I got in about an hour before my appointment time, and signed in.  I waited about 20 minutes before being called up to fill in some paperwork for the new test.  Not bad, considering it was packed and I was early.  I was taken back and given a gown and a place to change, and told to strip just from the waist up.I asked if they were sure, because I was supposed to have another transvaginal ultrasound, and the last time, I got completely undressed.  That's when the trouble started. I was told that there was an issue, that I had a balance on my account, and that I would not be able to have the test done. I'm not going to get into all of the details, but after speaking to a girl at the front desk, and a billing supervisor, we got things taken care of, with minimal crying on my part.  I have to give kudos to the girl at the front desk...I wish I had her name...I was NOT nice at this point...having to go in for tests, worrying about my health, pulling teeth at work to get the time off to come in...yeah, I was not pleasant to deal with, and she remained professional the whole time. There was another front desk worker who overheard what was going on, and was very kind, reassuring me that everything would be ok, and they were.For the actual tests, I had Connie, for the ultrasound, who was the same woman as last time.  She was great, again.  I also had Caroline for my (first ever) mammogram, and she was awesome.  She was kind, and put all of my fears to rest about the pain, etc.  She checked up on me frequently, making sure that I wasn't in pain, and was personable. Even with the issue that I encountered yesterday, I would still be glad to return here for testing.  (Especially since things were resolved, and they provided me with information that I didn't have previously, which caused the issue.)  The staff were professional and pleasant, even when dealing with a scared, upset, emotional mess.
