5	This is the best little local bakery.  The owners are this cool young couple who really dig what they do.  Everyone who works there seems to really like working there.  BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE IN VEGAS!  They only use honey & molasses for their breads and that is huge to me...NO HFCS!  Try their Honey Whole Wheat is the best...or maybe the Tuscan Chicken Panini...YUM!
5	I was a fan in Denver and I'm a fan in Vegas. This place offers the best tasting and healthiest selection of bread. I've never had wheat bread that was almost doughy like white bread (great for making grilled cheese!) or yummy seeded bread that was the perfect compliment to a turkey sandwich. Their Vegas rolls here are white dinner rolls and are perfect for mini sandwiches, an addition to dinner or just to munch on. Again, they're super moist and delicious!Bonus: getting a warm slice of bread with butter and honey while you're picking out your goodies. It just doesn't get better than this-- and if you're going to be a carbaholic like me, might as well get the best bread you can get!
5	This place bakes the best bread have ever had!  My friend was talking about their amazing pumpkin bread, so I had to try some for myself.  Let me tell you it was way better then I had anticipated! We also shared a tuna sandwich which was also delicious & while it was being made we were offered to try the coconut bread & red & blue bread (white bread with dried blueberries & cranberries).  Both were soo good!  All the employees were also very sweet.  It makes me very sad there aren't any stores in New York!
5	Yeah, this place Rocks.  Tina is AMAZING!  I hadn't been there for months and I'm sure there had been hundreds of patrons since I was last there and when I walked in, Tina, the owner, remembered my NAME!!!!   Very entrepreneurial.  They don't remember my name at that "other" bakery around the corner on Ft Apache.  They have a customer appreciation French Toast breakfast made with their Challa Bread every quarter.  I mean, eggs, bacon/sausage, fruit, coffee, juice, etc...It's a grub session for sure.  When you go there to buy their baked goods, they have something for everybody.  I am partial to their Dakota Bread, but they have plenty of bread samples just in case you can't make up your mind.  They also have killah brownies, OH SNAP...almost forgot!!!  When in season their Black Berry Scones will change your life.  Amazing!  They make a variety of cookies too.  Nom Nom Nom...If you're an athlete of just a care about your health, this is a good place to find whole grain foods to provide you with proper nutrition for optimal health.Chow!
3	Best chocolate chip scone I've EVER had. The bread is really yummy too. I would give this place 5 stars, but the service I received was pretty lacking. It obviously wasn't the owner; it was some blond high-school aged girl who was completely unenthusiastic, monotone, didn't smile at all, and spoke to me as if I was an idiot when I asked her questions.Other than the service, this place get s a thumbs up in my book.
3	Apparently they don't serve sandwiches at this location during the summer time because business is too slow and they're trying to cut back on expenses. So, I only tried the triple chocolate scone and a lemon bar. The scone was decent, but nothing special. The lemon bar was the better of the two, but the lemon flavor was too subtle. I'll probably be back in the fall to try a sandwich and i still have to try their coconut bread, which I've heard good things about. They do serve some bread by the slice, but the coconut loaf isn't one of them.
3	Use to come here during my lunch hour when I worked in Anthem/ Henderson area. Pretty good actually. Kind of over priced for a regular sized sandwich if you ask me. I would honestly rather spend my $5 at subway for a footlong. Anyways, I dont think they are bad at all. I think they are rather good. Their customer service is good. Cleanliness is good too. It just was not anything that REALLY stuck out for me.
3	I stopped in today to get a scone after reading the reviews on Yelp.  They only had the chocolate chip scones left, but it was worth the stop.  Priced at $2.25, they are not over-priced for the size.  It was quite tasty.I'll be stopping in from time to time to see what else they had.  The woman who waited on me was just delightful!
5	I was very surprised how much I liked their bread.  We tried the Dakota and it was a yummy multi grain.
4	I went in yesterday (Hualapai and Tropicana location) to check it out while I was driving around as I heard from my girl that this place makes great sandwiches and I was not let down. To start I was offered a free slice of bread with butter when I went in. I had the jalapeno cheese bread with a nice amount of butter and I was wowed. Not just by it being free or how thick the slice was, but by the amazing freshness and flavor.I ended up ordering a chicken cranberry pecan sandwich on the honey wheat bread, and I have to say this is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. This sandwich easily fits in my top 10. It was so fresh, juicy, sweet, and creamy and really hit the spot. I think the super fresh bread had a lot to do with it.Added a Coke and a large oatmeal raisin cookie (also fresh) and I was a happy camper.If you have not tried them out I would say go for it. I will definitely be revisiting them.Btw Loved all the star wars nerdy stuff they have at this place lol.
2	My wife got the Irish Soda Bread as this is her favorite.  We have not been back since.
5	Heaven on earth and free slice of bread when you walk in! Yum!  Best kept secret in las Vegas! Heaven on earth if your a bread lover!!
5	The atmosphere of the place is nice.  It feels like home.  The service also feels like you're in your best friend's kitchen.  After answering a "Star Wars Question of the Day", I was given a free desert!  They also offered me a free buttered slice of bread while I waited for my sandwich.  This is a hidden treasure in Las Vegas.
4	Friendly staff, delicious baked breads. I particularly love the white chocolate blueberry loaf, it's like dessert for breakfast!
5	Incredible Pumpkin and Chocolate Chip Bread. Love that you get a free sample of something every time you stop by. Friendly team too!!!
5	Is it weird that what sold me on my new house was that it was close to D.W. Bistro AND Great Harvest Bread?  Maybe.  But I had not had GHB since college in Kentucky and have now made several trips to this location since moving in to my new digs.  I have had the jalapeno jack breakfast sandwich (very spicy and tasty) and taken breakfast pastries to my office for my coworkers.  The Savannah bars and scones are my favorites, but anything you order will be good.  I did purchase a loaf of bread a couple of weeks ago, but generally I skip it because it is just too hard to wolf it down before it goes all old and stale.  Beware of the free samples if your plan is to make all your coworkers fat and not yourself!
4	Great food. I have been coming to this location and the one on Marks for years. Love the choice of music (Beatles, Smiths).The only criticism I have for this location is in regards to the seating. Tables are small and too close together to seat two or more people comfortably. The fake flower pots on the tables simply reduce the use of space rather than add to the ambience.
3	I'll say it again, as I've said before...I love the items this company offers.  This is probably my second favorite location to the North Las Vegas location.  You get a free slice of bread when you walk into the store and they seem to favor the Beatles and Star Wars in their decorating scheme.I suggest lunchtime in order to get one of their specialty sandwiches prepared.  My favorite is the Pesto Turkey...so good!  My only complaint is that they have a Star Wars trivia question to answer in order to get a free cookie (my favorite thing they sell).  Being a Star Wars fan, I answer every single time I go in, but they always seem annoyed that I do.  Suggestion?  Don't offer that as a promotion.
5	I stumbled upon this Summerlin gem while looking for a good sandwich and a lunch break during a long moving day. These guys were about to close up shop, but we had just enough time to sample delicious breads (generously cut and slathered in butter upon request) and order up giant salads. I love their popeye bread (cheese, peppers, vegetables, spices, oh my!), the blueberry cream cheese bread (and scones!) the monkey bread, and The Greek salad has enough hummus and substance to feed a small Trojan army, and the regular salad sports what is probably close to an entire chicken breast atop fresh greens. There's an outdoor patio, fairly quiet and enjoyable for a strip mall area, and the restaurant inside is themed in The Beatles and Star Wars - a quaintly nerdy combination that is comfortable and endearing. The staff is helpful, friendly, and makes bomb sandwiches, smoothies, milkshakes, cookies, scones, BREAD, coffee, and salads. What else can you ask for?Well, since we're on the topic, I would like to ask for soup. Adding a few hot cup options to the blackboard just makes sense, and would complement those breads and sandwiches perfectly. Do note that you have to like their Summerlin Facebook page in order to access the monthly menus for this location.
5	Went there today and the service was great! Everyone was really nice. I ordered a scone and it was scrumptious! My brother got a smoothie (strawberry, banana I believe) and he let me have a taste. It was so good! Definitely the real deal there. We also got a pumpkin chocolate chip loaf and so far we are enjoying that immensely. The last thing we got was the cinnamon chip loaf. SO GOOD. I love this the most! I usually get the Cinnabon loaf from Walmart, but theirs is SO much better. I will definitely go back!!
2	I have often been delighted with the amazing bread and sandwiches i have received at great harvest on Bonanza, so I was thrilled to find that there was a great harvest near my job in Summerlin.  Although it is a bit out of my way, i decided to make the 15 minute drive to this location enthusiastic for a delicious home baked lunch.  I was however, less than pleased with the service i received. not only were the prices higher at this location, odd, but the sandwich took much longer to make ( and was made incorrectly, despite the fact that great harvest has you write down your specifications).   the bread on my sandwich was falling apart and i had to basically each my food with my hands, it was disgusting.i was also not offered to sample the bread of the day which i had in mind to purchase. I did notice other clients come in and be immediately attended and offered to sample multiple slices of bread and engage in conversation before walking out and leaving without ordering anything. Sadly i left without buying the bread of the day and will probably never return to this branch. Please learn to treat all of your guests with the same amount of courtesy, especially these who actually make purchase and come in with faithful client cards half full of stamps.
2	I had high hopes for GHBC but they fell short. I ordered 2 sandwiches for me and the wifey, asked for both to be toasted and to throw jalapenos on mine.When I arrived home neither had been toasted and no jalapenos... The sandwiches tasted good but they weren't prepared the way we asked and for $15 I expect to have things done properly.
5	Always great service and GREAT BREAD!!!! Staff is always friendly and offers generous sized samples. Monkey bread is amazing, and my new favorite is their white chocolate blueberry french bread! This place is my new weekly stop! Highly recommend stopping by and picking up a sample!
4	It's too bad small places like this don't get the traction or attention they deserve. I will safely say Vegas does not have very good sandwiches. This is a city filled with commercial/franchise solutions to staple foods like this. But not Great Harvest.Walk in and try some of their selections of freshly baked bread. They'll even spread some butter or jam on there for you. Their menu is small, but all their sandwiches come with your choice of the same fresh bread, plus a decent sized helping of the ingredients you choose. From chicken pecan salad to turkey or roast beef - everything tastes fresh and satisfying. Just enough, I'd say.It's tiny, and probably needs some more differentiating factors outside of "fresh" but it's a start, and I'm a fan.
4	This is a cute place for sandwiches, breads and treats. The customer service is helpful and they give you a taste of one of the breads upon coming into the shop. They answer questions and are knowledgeable.They have a point system for a free loaf of bread that they enter in the computer so be sure to give them your information. We got monkey bread and an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie. They unfortunately didn't have any snickerdoodle ready, and the oatmeal wasn't a hit. The monkey bread however is great with lots gooey cinnamon and easy to pull apart. We got a taste of pumpkin chocolate chip which was good if you like pumpkin and they give a full slice of bread. Not sure if different locations have different breads but they serve different breads different days of the week and the blueberry streusel we had at another location isn't available here.
4	This is my favorite Great Harvest in Las Vegas.  It's on the edge of civilization, it's always nearly empty, and the teenage employees are always super sweet and helpful.  What's not to love?Regarding the bread, try some Blueberry-White Chocolate bread.  It sounds awful in theory, but it is SO crazy delicious.  For savory lovers, try the Cheddar Garlic, which has pockets of cheddar goodness embedded in the loaf.  They also have sandwiches, breakfast and lunch, which I've never tried.  My biggest beef with this place is the hours.  It closes at around 5:00 p.m., which is only convenient for housewives.  Why the hate for the working man?P.S. - As of this date, they have a check-in offer for a free cookie.
5	I love great harvest.  The White Chocolate Blueberry Bread is one of my favorites and of course cinnamon chip.  Not to mention the staff is always very friendly.
5	I should have ran, (not walked), in the other direction when I saw the word "Bread". Chocolate chip cookies are a weakness of mine, and, oh - what's this? Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Bread? With butter? That is a recipe for self-destruction! Everything in moderation, right? Nope. It seems like the logic part of my brain shuts down whenever there are cookies around me. My only purpose at that point in time would be to consume every cookie in site! (My motto in life should be, "No cookie left behind".) The Monster Cookie, (with the M&M's), does it to me all the time. The sandwiches are excellent - especially the Spicy Turkey Pepperjack on five-grain bread, and the B-L-T-riffic. 2 more favorites - the Savannah Bar and the White Chocolate Blueberry Bread - soooo good! On the days that I want to over-indulge, Great Harvest Bread Company is my first and only stop!
5	I love this place. The free samples are dangerous...the pumpkin nut thing was AMAZING. So I had to leave with a loaf. The kids behind the counter are super warm & friendly. Great bread, great service.
5	Love this place for breakfast or lunch! If they offer you a slice of white chocolate blueberry bread, get it every time! They have ahhhhh-mazing sandwiches, of course, it's the bread. My favorite sandwich is the Spicy Turkey. And I can't leave without a chocolate chip oatmeal cookie.
5	Great Challah bread. Friendly service. Give you great samples. Price is reasonable considering the quality of the food.
4	I have been to other Great Harvest Bread franchises they have all been good. This place was no exception. The employees were friendly and fast. I ordered a Vegas Veggie sandwich and two loafs of bread. All is very tasty, and the bread is so soft!
4	great little place. very friendly and helpful staff. I'm not really a bread person, but came here based on yelp reviews. soon as you walk in they give you a sample. I ordered the spicy turkey sandwich and it was good. they have all different sorts of bread and I'm really glad this place is open. it's a great place to go to pick up something as a gift or something. I'll be coming back here for sure and would recommend it.
5	Great sandwich place! You can tell fresh ingredients are used. Wish there was a location close to where I live. Love the spicy turkey pepperjack
5	One of my favorite places to get fresh bread. The Red Rock Roast beef and Spicy Turkey Pepperjack are my favorites. The staff is always so friendly and there's always free bread samples.
5	Great! Amazing food, everything is fresh and tastes great. The staff is always very nice, and they offer free samples of bread and other baked goods when you come in. I recommend the turkey bacon ranch grilled sandwich and the oatmeal chocolate chip cookie! One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
4	I go to Great Harvest at least twice.a week for a.Take- Out Sandwich and to buy a loaf of bread that's so good that I'm sure it's not good for you.....:):) Try it! It's quick and easy!
5	Love Great Harvest!  The scones are great, the breads are wonderful - such a variety!  And the low-fat, high fiber Oat Berry Muffins are really good.  The people are always friendly, and I also enjoy their freshly-made coffee.  One of the best things is that everything is made without additives.  I stop there at least once per week.
3	Nice and friendly and clean.  Sorry, Grill not working so no grilled sandwiches.  Sorry, no spinach.  Very limited selection of what they do have.  Small place.  Seating outside is nice.  Sandwiches we had were really good.  Management could maybe use some improvement.
5	This was such a cute bakery! The staff were very friendly and answered all my questions as kindly as they could. (I asked a lot!) They were even so kind to offer to slice my bread for me without me asking. My favorite was the honey wheat and jalapeno cheddar bread! So moist and it really taste homemade!! Definitaly going back. Worth the 45 minute drive from LA.
4	Fresh, tasty carbs....not for the gluten-intolerant.  I stopped here for lunch halfway in my bike ride and chose the (huge) "kid-sized" ham and cheddar sandwich.  Yummy!  The bread was fresh, the ham was slightly sweet, and the cheddar was savoury enough to balance the ham.  Great Harvest also doles out very generous samples of their baked goods and I got a piece of white chocolate-raspberry bread (more like cake, really) that was as big as my hand.  (It was really delicious too!)  The clerk who took my order was super nice and the place was clean and inviting.  Come visit and take home some bread or baked goodies!  Don't forget your sample.  :)
4	Every Christmas marks the time that I venture over to Great Harvest for gifts of baked goods.  I usually go to the location on Marks in Henderson because it's near my job, but this store is actually closer to where I live.  The best thing about Great Harvest?  The free slice of bread you can get when you step inside a store, with butter if you want it; of course I want the butter!  I love bread, but I can't come here as much as I'd like or I wouldn't fit through their door before too long.  I like their products as gifts because everyone I've ever gifted their goods to has loved them, as well.  The cinnamon crunch bread is one of my favorites, but I also love the pumpkin chocolate chip loaf.  The cookies that they sell are a nice, big size with the snickerdoodle ones a fave, too.  If you ever need a carb fix, stop here and get yours.
