1	I came through this dive while pub-crawling amongst friends. As we lined up at the bar to order beers and grub -- the bartender's muttering under her breath "oh shit." should have tipped us off to the piss poor service that awaited us. Apparently they're not accustomed to seeing a group of ~12 people waltz in this dump. Go fig'. Mind you, we were very accommodating, and considerate of the surprise rush we created. However, when they served our table separately and completely forgot my food, I was forced to demand a refund. They're lucky I wasn't a complete a**hole and demanded the portion of the tip that I already paid toward my food order.Sure, if you're looking for a very lonely dive all to yourself and a /few/ friends, this might be your place. But for us, it was a complete and utter disaster.Oh, did I mention the incessant flies throughout the establishment? Yeah, not cool.
4	I have to disagree with these other reviews. My husband and I frequent Dexters often and really love the place.We haven't ever had a bad experience with the service and love the food (our faves are the waffle fries, pub chips and the burgers). The atmosphere isn't all that, but nonetheless it's a great little neighborhood pub with friendly bartenders, good food and great drink specials!
3	My husband and I have made several trips to Dexter's and have been satisfied every visit. We initially went there because we'd heard there were numerous microbrews on tap.Our most recent experience was on a Friday night for fish. There were more than the usual choices for a typical "fish fry." I had the beer-battered fish and my husband was happy to see two shrimp  choices. We both had salads and fries. (Speaking of fries, each of our servings was more than enough for two people!) We will go back on Fridays again.Other times we've been there have been on Wednesday nights or Saturday nights for a quick sandwich & beer and have always been satisfied with the menu choices and service. The staff for the most part seems to be on the young side but cheerful & efficient. When I asked questions about a beer at our last visit, I was offered a tasting glass without asking. Time from order to our table seems to depend on what else is going on at the time. On Wednesday nights, there's a DJ for the trivia contest that's kind of loud but seems to attract a crowd. (The trivia seems to slow down the food orders for some reason.)It isn't a real big place so I could see how Tim B's group might have had issues. I wouldn't call it a dive, however. It's a great place where you don't have to dress up to get a decent meal& beer.
4	Quick Review: If it weren't for the stellar fish fry and the awesome beer selection, this place would be a solid 2.5-star establishment.  Alas, the fish is unreal and the beer selection rivals many (if not most) of Madison's finest.Detailed Review:The Fish Fry Fanatics stumbled into Dexter's Pub this past Friday and decided to give their fish fry a shot.  The menu selection is vast - we counted at least 6 or 7 solid fish fry options, from shrimp to Lake Perch to Walleye.  We put our name in for a table, and were told it would be a 35-40 minute wait, so we ordered some of our customary Old Fashioneds.  We were pleasantly surprised to find that the bartenders muddle their Old Fashioneds, but were disappointed by the inclusion of a huge chunk of orange.  I'm sorry to say, but a Whiskey Old Fashioned Sour should *not* include half-of-an-orange as garnish.  Regardless, the Old Fashioned was solid - very good, actually.  So much so that when we ordered a second round and requested they drop the orange, it wasn't a problem.  Dexter's recovered nicely, and as luck would have it, our table became available soon after we grabbed round 2 of drinks. We immediately ordered cheese curds, salad, and soup.  I went with the vegetable garden soup; others at the table went with chili and salad.  The soup and salads arrived within seconds; the soup was good - not great, but good - and it could've been a little warmer.  I'm told the chili was good as well - not life altering, but good.The waiter came back to take our dinner order: two orders of beer battered cod, an order of lake perch, and an order of shrimp.  He said he'd be back in 10 minutes with our fish.  Nearly an hour later, we flagged down a waitress for: refills on our drinks, and to inquire about our curds and fish.  She apologized profusely... curds came out a few minutes later - apparently they forgot about us.  The only benefit to being forgotten was that we had plenty of time to read the beer menu, which features a nice selection of craft beers from microbreweries - Dexter's doesn't strike me as a place that would feature such a wide selection of unique beers, but I guess it goes to prove that you can never judge a book by its cover.  Curds were excellent - not your typical "from the bag" curds, which was a nice surprise.  They were breaded and featured a mild white cheese; they were cooked perfectly.Fish arrived within minutes, and it was well worth the wait.  The cod was phenomenal.  Three huge pieces with a mound of fries - now that's what we're talkin' about.  The batter was light, crisp, and flavorful.  The fish was thick, meaty, and perfectly flavored.  I loved every single bite of it.I also sampled the Lake Perch and shrimp - both of which were excellent as well.  Huge props to Dexter's for their fish fry - it's definitely a top-10 offering.In the end, they also made things good as the waiter comp'ed us our drinks and curds, so we got out of there for under $40.  We tipped well and called it a night.  I'd definitely go back to Dexter's - sure, they dropped the ball, but they did an honorable thing and made everything right by us.  Thanks, Dexter's!!Dexter's = WINFood = 4.5 stars (excellent fish; curds and fries were stellar)Service = 2 stars (they forgot about us, but made up for it)Value = 2 stars (would've been over $85 for the 4 of us)Misc = 3 stars (the place isn't much to look at, but has an excellent beer selection...)Oh - also, parking is hard to come by, so be prepared to park on the street and/or walk a bit to get there.
4	A Pub serving Lagunitas' beer on the tap gets an automatic 4 stars in my book keeping. I can't rave enough about how delicious the pint of Gnarleywine was.The food is solid, as many people have already Yelped. My lake perch was delicious - in my opinion, better than Avenue Bar's. I was full when I finished the 1/4 of their huge serving portion. Good mix of crowd. Kids, 20-somethings, old and all. I shall be back there to sample more beer and heckle at Olympic games on a TV screen.
4	Checked out Dexter's for a Friday fish fry and it was surprisingly awesome. Great atmosphere for a neighborhood bar. Unexpectedly diverse beer selection that's constantly rotating (had a great Lagunita's Hairy Eyeball). Fish was some of the best I've had in Madison. Ordered both the cod & walleye and both were delicious--thinly battered and fried perfectly without excess grease. Waffle & brew fries were delicious too. Amazingly, after over a thousand calories of deep fried food, I still didn't feel nasty. Thanks for helping me kinda stay catholic.Special mention to their outstanding service. After someone stole our place in line, they apologized profusely and hit us up with a free spinach & artichoke dip appetizer. Very sweet.
4	I wanted fish fry last night, but we didn't feel like driving, so we figured we'd give Dexter's a try. (It's 3 blocks from our house.) My first impression was that this place doesn't belong in Madison - it belongs somewhere much farther north. There was an awesome mix of people there, which is always a good sign for me. They had all sorts of games playing on the multiple tvs (not just basketball, hooray!) and my boyfriend was delighted to note that they have shuffleboard.We were seated immediately (pretty good for a Friday night) and placed our drink orders. My boyfriend got a Great Lakes Irish Red something or other, and I ordered a Pyramid Winter Ale, which wasn't all that great. I personally wish that they had some more local stuff on the beer menu, but aside from that, I can't really complain about the selection.For dinner, I ordered beer battered cod with carrot soup, and my boyfriend ordered a burger with chili garlic fries. Our food was AMAZING. This is hands down the best fish fry I've had outside of da nortwoods, definitely the best I've had in Madison so far. The soup was interesting but delicious - kind of spicy with a hint of cilantro. I didn't try my boyfriend's burger, but the chili garlic fries were awesome. I'm someone who believes that there is no such thing as too much garlic, though, so they might be a bit much for less of a garlic lover.I am so stoked to have found a great fish fry place so close to our house. We will definitely be going back soon.
5	I'm from out of town and was looking for a place to have some beer and some good food and this place was excellent.  First of all, the waitress was very kind with great service and helpful advice for a couple "newbies".  The beer selection was great and we got a pitcher of a microbrew for $10, which I thought was a great price.  The burgers were huge and very tasty along with the cheesecurds and fries.  I will definitely visit this place again next time we're in town.
3	EXCELLENT tap-beer selection with many microbrews.  EXCELLENT liquor selection as well with lots of flavored vodkas and rums and the like.  Prices are average.  Always a diverse and friendly crowd.  The food is okay.  The pizza is actually pretty delicious, but the other food is not remarkable.  Great jukebox too.  Lots of TVs if you want to watch a game.  The dining area is a little dreary and dark, but the bar area is large and okay.
4	The food is good!  I particularly like the more unusual offerings, like the mozzarella rolls.  The pizza is only mediocre. The beer selection is wide and diverse, with an emphasis on Wisconsin brews.  It only gets really crowded for trivia nights (Tues and Wed 8-10) but other than that not too bad.
4	I have been to Dexter's several times for drinks, food and football.  I love that on Badger saturdays they have a shuttle that will take you down to the stadium for the football game and pick you back up.  Their breakfast is FANTASTIC and very large portions, 2 of us usually share something.  They have a great selection of beer and pour a great drink too!  The wait staff is fantastic as well, extremely friendly and hard working.  They seem short staffed often but they all run their butts off and there is hardly a wait for anything!  Last night I had the Rueben w/ waffle fries and it was delicious!  I would suggest getting a big screen TV for watching the games but what they have works well too!  I love this place, a definitely must go to!  They also have trivia on tuesday which is a blast!  The food is great, prices are cheap, staff is fantastic...what more could you ask for?
2	So, I have been to Dexter's before to play some cards a few months ago, but it wasn't until I moved into the neighborhood that I decided to give the food service a shot.    I ordered a steak sandwich and some fries, it was one of the 3 specials being offered. The fries were decent enough, but the sandwich was bland dry and just quite dreadful, even for a pub. My friend then joined me and we ordered the worst cheese curds I've ever had in my life, and then we had the ironically named "super" nachos. The Super Nachos are anything but super. The ground meat (not positive what animal it came from) was again under seasoned and the chips were stale. I thought about sending them back, but I am chalking this up to the back of the house just doesn't give a shit about their job.   The server was the three P's, Pleasant, Prompt, and Pregnant. She was the reason I will return and give the food another shot, and why this Pub is getting even two stars.
4	Great food. Has a local feel, not quite dive-y but pleasantly local. Not unexpected based on the location. Went for the Bell's tap take-over for Mad-Craft-Beer-Week. Wife and I had the fish, right tastee.
4	Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.  Good food, neighborhood bar.
5	I've been frequenting Dexter's quite often over the past few months (to the tune of around twice per week) and am happy to report that every visit has been absolutely STELLAR.There's the obviously excellent beer selection - it's constantly rotating, and it always tastes fresh and wonderful.  The staff really know their beer - if you ever have a question, don't hesitate to ask because they will offer a sample, suggestions, and plenty of information.The food has been incredible with every visit.  Sure bets: the hummus platter (wow, that IPA hummus is unreal), the waffle fries, any of the burgers, most of the specials, and of course, the fish fry.I've had several burgers (The Abbey (with tomato garlic sauce), the Defibrillator (onions, ham, bacon, egg, cheese), and the Patty Melt) - each was delicious, and they cook them exactly to order.I've had the Santa Fe Chicken salad - wow, those roasted veggies are great.  The soups have also been excellent - I recently had the spicy vegetable and the chili; the chili features a spice that slowly crescendos - by the end of the cup, you're feeling a little of that capsaicin love.I've had several specials, including a turkey melt and a loaded ham and cheese.And of course, I've had the fish fry several more times and am PLEASED to report that it remains excellent.  The hearty, perfectly applied batter and the flaky fresh cod is among Madison's best.  I will be updating my fish fry review with new pictures and details in the near future.Service has markedly improved - the staff is fast, friendly, and as mentioned, super helpful.  I really enjoy their company - it's great to drop by and sit at the bar or to grab a table and chill for a while.UPDATE: Dexters = MAJOR WINFood = 4.75 stars.  Really great, really consistentService = 4.75 stars. Fast, helpful, attentiveValue = 4.5 stars. Quality is there, so the prices are worth itMISC = 5 stars.  Great vibe, great crew, good jukebox - love itSummary: I now live about 25 miles from Dexter's, and I don't hesitate to make the drive.  If someone asks, "feel like grabbing a bite tonight?" I'm always happy to recommend Dexter's, even if it means a 30+ minute ride.  It's that good.
4	I love their friday night fish fry . The price is right and great bluegil and perch. I have to keep going back there. love it! I defeintely recommend fish or even sandwiches, burger. Oh, don't forget their greasy chili gralic fries :)
2	I've been to Dexter's several times before for drinks and really liked the place, and a few months ago we went for the Friday fish fry and the food was delicious- some of the best fish fry we've had in Madison.  However, when we went back a month or so later, we had a horrible experience.  We had to wait nearly 45 minutes for our food and then when we got it- it was terrible.  My boyfriend had the garlic chili fries and they arrived not only COLD, but DOUSED in disgusting grease- they were inedible.  We mentioned it to the waitress and she offered to bring a new order, but it turned out the new order was just as terrible as the first one.  I had the roast beef sandwich and it was horrible- very dry and bland.  To her credit, the waitress did give us free cupcakes to take home to make up for the horrible food (although it turned out the cupcakes were also inedible and terrible).  We hoped this was just an unusually busy night and not the norm, and because the fish fry is so good, we went back again tonight, hoping for a better experience.  We were wrong!  We went around 7 and waited 15 min or so for a table.  Once we were seated we placed our order right away with the waiter, since we already knew what we wanted.  An hour later, we were still waiting for our food.  All we ordered was the fish and waffle fries- so nothing complicated- and on such a busy night, you'd think they'd be making sure to keep batches of fish and fries going steadily into the fryer.  When we finally got our food, it was the tasty fish we'd remembered from before, but by that time, we were so tired and crabby from having to wait for so long, it wasn't quite so enjoyable.  After our meal, we had to wait quite a long time for the waiter to bring the check, and then he didn't come back to pick it up for a good 15 minutes.  We would still go back to Dexter's just for drinks, but I don't think we'll be going there to eat the food anymore.  Two terrible experiences with inexcusably long waits is enough to keep us from going back for dinner.  It's too bad because the fish is good, but not good enough to justify the SLOW service.Edit: Turns out the fish wasn't so good- ended up being up all night with food poisoning.  Yup, definitely will NOT be going back there for dinner!
4	Decided to stop in on a recent Friday to try the fish fry based on reviews. Worried that would be waiting for a table, we went in hopeful. Got a booth right away for four and it was very busy. I had been in here pre-Sandlot days and wasn't impressed but this "make-over" is proving positive.Key points: - waitress was great, offered tastes of beer to help my decision - perch and cod, both good and plenty of it - pub fries were great, not overcooked like so may places - echoing other compliments on the beer selection, nice - fine for the kids too, at least earlier around dinner time (5-7)I'd come back to try non-fish fry some night.
4	Really nice place. Great beers on tap.
3	I will preface this with the fact I deem it deplorable that a WI fish fry joint does not have pan fish of some sort on Friday nights.I've been to Dexters a couple times now and am in love with one thing about it; the beer selection.  Pretty impressive for a tiny little place.  Each time I've been I've gotten walleye as previously stated there is no superior crappie, bluegill, perch, etc...  and I refuse to order cod.  I've never caught a cod in WI waters and until I do I'm not ordering it.  The walleye is ok to goodish that's all that needs be said.  We again had the kid with us, and the staff was very kind and accomodating.  Also be prepared to wait for a table on Fridays, apparently I'm the only fish snob around and the cod is the hot item I guess.  The waiting isn't too bad as I said before, their beer offerings are pretty boss.  (Yeah I said 'boss', what of it?)
4	Lot's of things going right for this place, as long as you get there at the right time. Great selection of micro brews. Interesting and delicious food. The last time I went in for food and a beer it was lovely. However on previous occasions, I was freezing in winter, or deafened on trivia night. I hope they get a better announcer and a better PA system so customers don't have to suffer through the distortion.
1	In on Tuesday, 7/24.  Tried the pizza burger after someone finally decided to come A. get a drink order after sitting down 5 minutes prior.  B.  Recite the specials off the chalk board because they didn't know what the specials were.  The  burger was ok, but didn't have the peperoni flavor I would have expected.  I've been here a ton of times, and the food is for the most part, very good, but service this evening was horrible.  I had to ask for another beverage 1/2 way through my meal, and ultimately walk to the bar to pay the bill.  Go drunk.  You may not notice that the staff doesn't give a crap about you, or getting your money.  We could have walked out...and almost did without paying.
4	We venture here often, as it's walking distance from our house. Fine fish fry and good other offerings. Really kid friendly before 7 (seriously, the dining area is almost like a day care sometimes), adult friendly after. Decent beer selection most of the time. Thumbs up.
4	I frequent this place because it's close to where I live, and I do team trivia on Wednesdays.  The beer selection is both expansive and fresh (they open new taps frequently), and the food is excellent bar-food fare with some healthy salad-type options.  But hey, you're there for bar food, right?  The burgers are yummy (you can sub in chicken or black bean), the fries and rings are tasty.  I've heard good things about the pizza, but haven't tried it.  There are lots of TVs, so if you care to watch some sports it's a great place to do so.The servers are very nice, but on busy nights they can be super slammed and stretched thin, so you may have to wait several minutes for service.  The kitchen isn't all that large and they actually cook food to order, so do plan to wait a bit for your meal.  In fact, that's the only down-side I can think of about this place - the service can sometimes be slow.If you're not into trivia, I suggest that you avoid Tuesday and Wednesday nights after 8:00 PM or so, because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills.
4	**Don't pass up the garlic chile fries!**I love the tap beer selection and all of the entrees we've tried have been great!
2	I'm not sure what happened to Dexter's fish fry, but wow - it seems like it's on a downward spiral, which is unfortunate, because it used to be one of my very favorites.I've revisited this fish fry three times this year, and each time has been underwhelming - I'm not sure if they've switched fish suppliers or what, but I've got serious reservations about returning for the fish fry.We arrived last night (9/21) at around 8:30pm, and the place was packed to the gills.  As luck would have it, a table opened up near the bar, so we snagged it and decided to eat in the bar area.  An extremely helpful waitress immediately took our drink and appetizer orders; we browsed the menu until she returned.With drinks in hand and the appetizer (IPA hummus plate) underway, she regrettably informed us they had run out of cod.  We opted for 2 plates of the lake perch and 1 plate of the walleye instead (I was dining with a couple of friends).The service was excellent; she regularly checked on us, refilled drinks, and kept us in the loop the entire night.  5-stars for service.The fish arrived and it was swimming in grease.  Gone was the excellent batter that I had experienced in the past; the perch was rubbery and extreeeeeeemely fishy tasting.  The walleye was equally greasy, over-battered, and also very fishy tasting.I love fish, and my friends are huge fishermen - they take trips to Canada, the boundary waters, and all sorts of other places to fish.  But even they agreed that the fish didn't taste like it should - one barely finished his smallish plate of perch; the other left at least half of the walleye.  I felt especially terrible when they asked me why I felt the fish was so good here... :-(The rest of their food remains superb, especially the IPA hummus.  I'm certain you won't find a better hummus in the area.  I would also recommend the habanero shrimp and any of their burgers - they're excellent.Our check arrived; we settled-up and left, disappointed by the fish.  It's a shame, because I like Nick, and I really like the crew here, but something is amiss...:-(
4	Best clam chowder I've ever had! My husband loves their chili and I believe all their soups are made from scratch and I've always been pleased.... We typically only go for Friday Fish Fry and are never disappointed, just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it... great beer choices that change frequently and we were pleasantly surprised by their sandwiches as well. We went in on an off night (Monday) to watch a football game... We were seated right away and the game atmosphere was great with many televisions so you don't have to worry about where you are seated.
4	I have been to Dexter's quite a few times now, usually for their specialty tappings or to watch a football game. Atmosphere - I would classify Dexter's as hole-in-the-wall hipster-esque classic Wisconsin bar. It will appeal to people who just want to go to a local pub and crack open a Hamm's. It will also appeal to people who want an unassuming space to quaff some delicious craft beer. It isn't fancy, but it is roomy. My one complaint is that it is always chilly. I usually keep my coat on or I freeze. Food - The food at Dexter's is pretty good. It is slightly amped up pub food. It is most certainly better than your standard pub fare. They have some yummy options for spicy, heart-clogging sandwiches that my husband loves. I like the Fajita salad and pulled pork sandwich. Beer -  Fantastic. This is real the reason to go to Dexters. They have rotating taps of featured beer. They are attentive to trends in craft brewing and will often have something that is new and difficult to find. Their bartenders are usually knowledgeable about the beer, and they know how to pour a hefeweizen correctly. It is not the best deal you will find in town, but they will also have pours other places don't get. Service - Also pretty good. I have no complaints about the staff here. They are attentive without being annoying. They also know what they are talking about which is refreshing. As a plus, in the warmer months, they have an outdoor space you can play volleyball. Or you can join their volleyball league.
3	Dexter's Pub is a great neighborhood bar. Good beer selection, which always rotates. Great service, friendly staff. I have always gone on Wednesday night for trivia (8pm) and its usually full but you can always get a seat if you arrive around 7:30pm.Last time, I had the portabella mushroom sandwich. It was good, but sort of lacked portabella (the piece was pretty small and meek). The waffle fries were good. Also tried the hummus one time, which was awesome!Overall, Dexter's is a cool spot that I will continue to frequent!
4	This has easily become my go-to Friday fish fry.  I like it so much, I've been hesitant to even write this review.  Nonetheless, Dexter's does it right.Fresh, Bering sea cod enveloped in a crispy, salty batter keeps me dreaming of Fridays.  The clam chowder is phenomenal and so are the rest of their soups...obviously lovingly tended to and cooked from homemade stocks.  I could further pontificate, but no need...the execution in the kitchen is stellar.  Now, the beer list is exquisite in my opinion.  I love Madison, but many bars get so caught up on local-centric taps lists.  Consequently, more often than not, you walk in to see the taps jammed with Ale Ayslum, Lake Louie and Capital.  Not bad...but I'll be damned to say I could choke down another Hopalicious.  Dexters, on the other hand, opens their taps up to pretty much anything.  From Toppling Goliath (which I love, but you can't really get outside of Iowa and Wisco) to Belgian Flander's Reds, they kill it with their beer selection.  Also, I really respect that they let you know on the beer list what's on deck...this has kept me coming back many-a-times.  So why not the 5-stars?  Well, we've run into some seriously long waits, both for a table and then for the fish.  If they could streamline a little more in the kitchen, I'd gladly give it that extra star.  In the mean time, we NEVER come here on Fridays after 6pm....forget it.  If you don't mind dining with the Greyhairs....you'll do just fine.
4	After reading several rave reviews for the fish fry we decided to try this place.  We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday in Lent and knew we were already in trouble when parking was hard to find.  The dining room was packed and we were told there would be an hour wait.  Since we had driven across town, we decided to wait it out in the bar.  There is plenty of room to wait and have a beer from the huge selection they have.  In 30 minutes we were called for our table.  Two of us ordered the lake perch and one ordered the deep fried cod.  There is also baked cod, walleye, blue gill and shrimp to choose from.  The fish comes with your choice of  - baked potato, waffle fries, pub fries, homemade potato chips, and some other things like cottage cheese etc.  We had waffle fries, potato chips and the pub fries, which are beer pattered.  You also get a small container of cole slaw and a white grocery store roll.  There was a short wait for our fish, but the dining room was still packed.  When it arrived, it was hot, tasty and a generous serving.  We were all very satisfied with our dinner.  I thought the homemade potato chips were excellent, they came out warm and crispy.  The only thing I did not care for was the tartar sauce, can't place what it was, but had a funny taste to it to me.  Everyone that waited on us was friendly and efficient without being intrusive.  Wish this place was closer to my side of town, but we will definitely try it again.  Get there early or expect to wait!
5	Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town! My favorite dive on the Eastside of Madison.
4	I started out on a quest to find Madison's best fish fry and stumbled upon this place. One thing to know beforehand is they do not take reservations and they pack the place on Friday nights. Expect to wait a while. This is a nice little neighborhood bar on the east side of Madison that has a huge following. They offer several different types of fish for the Friday fish fry. Fried or Baked Cod, Perch, or Walleye. I went with the fried cod which was absolutely delicious. I couldn't turn down the garlic chili fries or their home made chili. Needless to say I could have used a wheel chair for the way out! It was by far one of the better fish fry joints to go to in town and I will for sure be back. My only complaint with the place was that they don't take reservations and they won't do carry out during lent (due to an overwhelming amount of business) but it's good to see a business that does so much business they have to turn some away.
5	Easily one of my favorite local hangouts, Dexter's is a "dive" bar without the "dive." The beer selection is wonderful, bartenders and staff are knowledgeable and attentive, and the food is well above typical bar food standards. There are tables for dining, a long bar for sitting and watching the game, and volleyball courts out back for summer fun. If you're going for the food, I have to recommend the fish fry and/or nacho platter. If you're going for the beer, you won't be disappointed. And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends, you've got the right bar.
4	6/27/13 Met my wife for drinks & dinner at Dexter's Pub.  They have a great tap beer selection (lots of micro brews).  They also have many bourbon and whiskey options.  I opted for a cold and yellow pint of PBR.  I rode my bike after all.  We started with their hummus plate.  We'd recommend you ask them to put the pita on the flat grill vs. having them fried or plain.  We had them plain which was okay.  There were plenty of crisp veggies.  We then shared a catfish po'boy with fries.  The catfish was generous and tasty.  The bread was okay.  The fries were great.  They do a great job for only having a flat grill and a deep fryer.
1	No carry out on Friday nights!?!  I'm new to the area and was looking to trying Dexters Friday fish fry after hearing so many great reviews. Unfortunately I didn't get the chance as they do not provide a carry out option on Friday nights. I was speechless went told this over the phone!  I did try another place (Brothers Three) that was happy to provide carry out to this customer and it was wonderful!
4	9/27/13 My wife and I stopped in for lunch.  Their catfish po'boy is even more awesome because their bread improved!  They have many great reasons to stop in, but if you haven't tried Central Waters Hop Rise Session Ale or Central Waters Satin Solstice Imperial Stout grab a seat and imbibe!
3	The food is great and the craft beers are even better. The staff is very friendly but I docked them two whole stars because the service is very untimely. You will often spend time waiting for what you want, and if you are in a large group prepare to be there a long time.
4	How hard is it to franchise a Portillo's? You know, the Chicago hot dog, beef world famous chocolate cake shake chain? It's a question that's been running through my mind since moving to Madison where I have had no luck finding an authentic Chicago style Italian beef sandwich. Until Lydia dished that Dexter's is way more than a hip hangout for trivia. (And she was right.)They have THE BEST Italian beef sandwich I've found in the 608 and pretty darn near close to Portillo's. Only thing that's slightly off from the hundreds of sandwiches I swallowed back in the windy city - the bread. But that's not enough to make me never want to order it again... in fact I'm thinking about going there tomorrow. The atmosphere leans more neighborhood dive which might not make you say, "let me see a menu," but do! Because there's a solid selection of typical bar fair kicked up a notch and healthier alternatives too if you're not a fan of fried. The craft beer selection is solid and changes often... so often that they designed an app for smartphones so you keep track of what's what! THEY HAVE AN APP! And while I didn't partake, I hear housemade desserts are pretty rad. I'm ok going back to try one, it means I can get another sandwich.
4	I don't live quiiiiite close enough for this to be MY neighborhood bar, but it meets all the requirements: laid-back atmosphere, great food, and seriouslygreatcraftbeerlist. Their beers are all of the cant-pick-up-at-the-gas-station variety and it's worth coming by just for that--the menu diversity is the cherry on top of my craft beer float.
4	After going to the Yelp event, I could not wait to go back!  We went for Wednesday night fish fry.  This is not a year round occurrence from my understanding.  More like, a fall occurrence.  I was with 5 other people.  Four ordered the fish fry.  There were three fish options.  The most expensive was $14 and was a huge amount of food.  One of my friends ordered the fish baked and it looked amazing.  I tried the Italian Beef.  While, it is not a Chicago style sandwich, it did not disappoint.  It was the closest I have found to Chicago-style.  It would almost be there, except for the bread.My only complaint?  Adding your side to the price of the sandwich. Otherwise, the owner is friendly, the staff is friendly.  The beer menu is ridiculously long.  Go to Dexter's, it will not disappoint.
2	As a non beer lover (I know, I know), I wasn't expecting to fall in love with Dexter's.  I don't think one has to worry about that considering my experience.  Our food was just so...terrible.  I ordered the salmon salad, not having any huge expectations with it due to ordering it at a hipsterish hole in the wall type establishment.  The salmon was a weird color...it had greasy fried peppers, croutons, tomatoes and cucumber...I was pretty sure I was going to get food poisoning but miraculously, I did not.  My husband ordered a burger....the bun was dry and crusty, he asked for it medium well and it was slightly alive still.  Plus, they didn't even provide a leaf of lettuce or tomato.  Just cheese, a ball of raw hamburger and 1/3 of a slice of bacon.  Our meal was so unsatisfying but at least the waffle fries were the highlight of the night!
4	Just in case anyone was wondering... the Italian beef sandwich and hot wings are just as tasty when you take them to go. You know... in case you needed that information. I crisped up the waffle fries in the oven when I got home, and it was like sitting there. But without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up.
4	Still tasty!  This is just an update to say that trivia night is only on Tuesdays now, and Friday night is very busy with their fish fry - so go early!
5	I love Dexter's. It's a short walk away, so I go there a lot. I've been there dozens of times.Their daily specials are usually what I check out, and they come with a cup of soup. And that soup is usually amazing. Their chili is always fantastic. Their fish fry is also very good. They have a beef brisket sandwich called the BBLT that is always really good.They have plenty of beer on tap, and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure. The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something.
4	My husband, my mom, and I braved Dexter's on a Friday night for fish. Oh man, I am so glad we did!We went into it expecting a wait, and we did end up waiting about an hour and a half. At first, we had to stand in the bar area, but we got drinks relatively quickly and were able to snag a table after about a half hour of standing. Their beer selection is amazing. I tried 3 different new-to-me beers and there were still a bunch more I wanted to taste. Hooray for options!We ordered soon after sitting down and didn't have to wait long for our appetizer (spinach dip with veggies & pita). The dip was good and their pita (fried) was as awesome as you would assume fried pita would be.Our meals were great too! Between the three of us we had cod, perch (or bluegill? woops, can't remember), and a shrimp po-boy. I would order any of our three choices again.In summary: the fish fry is worth the wait & the Friday night crowd.
5	We went to Dexter's on Friday for the fish fry at the start Craft Beer week.  So we knew the wait would be long.  It was about an hour or more wait to eat.  But that didn't matter because we got to have a couple of tasty beers.  Once we sat down to eat, we started off with the clam chowder.  I loved it.  The chunks of clam were huge and tender, not chewy.  The soup wasn't too thick that it overshadowed the clams, onions and potatoes.  We both ordered the deep fried cod.  One of the best we've had.  It came out hot and crispy.  The batter wasn't too oily and you could taste the flakey cod.  The waitress was very busy but always available if we needed anything.  I can't wait to eat there more.  I love the atmosphere at Dexters.  It's a great mix of people who are friendly and there to enjoy the beer/food.
3	Dexter's is a nice neighborhood bar with good beer selection, and GREAT drink specials. Always something to drink for cheap. I only discovered this when looking for a place to watch the Stanley Cup playoffs (Go Hawks!). The food is pretty mediocre. The pizza is good - they seem to make it fresh. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here had I not lived in the neighborhood at the time. The pub quiz seems to be a good pull on Tuesdays, outdoor volleyball too, and the crowd seems fun in general.
5	This place will always have a special place in my heart for reasons known by me and Steve L. :-)I'm fairly new to the world of craft beers, but I'm a big fan of the beer list here. Always something new and interesting to try.I haven't had a proper dinner here yet, just appetizers. They have been just "ok". The menu sounds promising, though.I like the open style of the kitchen area, always curious to see what folks are up to in there. The wait staff was very attentive, if slightly impersonal, as well. I found it odd that a waitress was allowed to work wearing flip flops, though. (I notice details.)It was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night. To be continued...
3	Haven't been back for the fish fry for quite some time, but have been in for drinks and appetizers on numerous occasions since the last review of nearly 2 years ago.+ One of the best craft beer lists in all of Madison; changes daily+ Host tons of beer-related events and tap-takeovers+ Even when swamped, you can usually find a seat at the bar or at a high-top+ Service is quite prompt and thorough, but as noted, not super personable/friendly + Hopalicious hummus remains one of my favorite plates in the area- Not a huge fan of the pizzas; I've tried several and they're not all that awesome. Can't put my finger on it - something's just "off" with them.+ Sandwiches are excellent- Salmon salad has been hit-or-miss; often times, the salmon has been waaaaay undercooked (like still nearly frozen in the middle in spots). I think it depends on who's cooking that night.+ Plenty of televisions, but they aren't "in your face" like they are at some bars+ Accept credit/debit (a rarity in this neighborhood)
5	Fantastic craft beer selection, really tasty and high quality food at a very reasonable price! Hard to beat on the east side.Also a very friendly and knowledgeable staff.
5	Great service, great food plain and simple! Oh, and awesome beer selection that is always changing.
1	I don't care how good the food is or the beer selection. This was my first stop on my return to Madison, and it was horrible. To our waitress, who had no notion of hospitality or customer service: you messed up, and taking 90 minutes to get our order to us is totally unacceptable. Not even an apology? You should be ashamed. That's all I need to say, really. Piss-poor service that warrants nothing more than a single star. Bartenders were great, waitress was embarrassingly bad. Not going back.
5	Had the gulf shrimp po boy for the first time. I knew Dexter's was great, but now I'm planning to go here every Friday I can! And the beer selection is incredible. Great place with friendly service
3	Decided to give this place a try for the friday fish. My husband had the blue gill, was surprised by the very small portion.  Fish was good though. I tried the shrimp poor boy. The bread was old and not toasted, but the shrimp was cooked well. But the beer was excellent.  They have quite a few to chose from.
5	Love this place.  Easy to feel like a local. Unbelievable how much great food comes out of such a small kitchen. And the beers are always an attraction. Some of the best craft beers in the country on tap. Nick the owner has a great knack for putting some great beers on tap.  One of our favorites. You'll never be disappointed.  The wait is long on Friday nights for fish, but worth the wait.
4	A bit troubling - they were out of the 1st four things I ordered. This said the chili was serviceable. The BBLT - Brisket, Bacon, Lettuce, and Tomato was really good. It came with a generous portion of house made slow cooked brisket and thick slabs of bacon with a spicy mayo. There's a bid selection of craft beers and ciders on tap, as well as a healthy bottled beer selection. Overall a decent experience. But come on if you are out if all the specials take'em down Brother. It's a bit frustration when you are out of half your menu and all of your specials.
1	Went for lunch had the fish fry. Really bad over cooked just bad. Will not ever go back
4	We came on trivia night and there was quite a turnout, the food was delicious, and even with the crowd we had good service and a great atmosphere. This is a great bar with a neighborhood/everyone welcome feel. They take cards with a 10.00 minimum which is great, I think the reason it took me so long to get here was my belief that they were cash only. I can't wait to go back
4	I've been to Dexter's fish fry on multiple occasions. Their basic beer battered cod is among the best you'll find. The perch is multiple small portions of fish. It's good but not great. I can't speak for the walleye or shrimp because I always get the beer battered cod- it's that good!The only drawback is the wait on Fridays expect an hour plus.  They have a great beer selection to entertain your taste buds while you wait.
