5	Absolutely awesome! Met the owner he was great. The food was delicious! Its a small place so I can picture it getting crowded really quick on a busy lunch. But overall the store was clean, the staff was friendly and funny. My fiance and his dad went back 2 days later and the guy remembered them and their order! They had only been open 10 days as of Saturday and seems to be off to a good start. Kinda tucked away and not many signs on the street to them. So if you know where Kohl's is at 53rd and Bell they are in the same parking on the East end. We will be back thanks guys :)
5	Finally! A cousins subs right in my area!! I've always loved their subs... they're so much better than subways subs! The lettuce is always crisp and the bread always tastes delicious, and this location is no exception from those standards! While I didn't go in myself, my mother did, and they were packed with a lot of people ordering and eating (which is good because I want this location to stay forever!) As Amanda said, the place is tucked away, but if you see the UPS store it's diagonal from there and on the same section of buildings that the 'Beads' store is on.Definitely should go check the place out! It's clean, new, and the staff was awesome!
5	Wow, you will not believe how great this place is.  I'm from Milwaukee and transplanted 3 years ago.  Point is I missed how great their sub's are.  The Cheese steak was actually better than I remember.  I cannot wait to get a tuna and a BLT the tri-fecta of the menu for me.  Plus they have Spreckers root beer on Tap.  Yes on Tap!
5	Ohhh Cousins. You never cease to make me happy. I moved here from Wisconsin a couple years ago and I was surprised that there weren't any Cousins. This location is really great! They have Sprecher root beer (which I can only find in WI)! My favorite is the roast beef sub with the french fries-which you can subsititue for chips at no cost! The place is really clean and the staff is very friendly! We met the owner, who was very nice! He is also from Wisconsin, which is pretty cool!
2	You only have 1 chance to make a good 1st impression. Your front of the house needs some help. After asking me 3 times my order to go was still wrong. Asked for no mayo or tomatoes. There was so much mayo the sandwich didn't even taste of anything other than mayo. This was not a prep issue this was an ordering issue. They couldn't print a receipt because they had the paper loaded wrong. They got that fixed just as I was leaving with my order. After I got home and found out how screwed up my order was I realized that it was because it wasn't taken correctly in the first place. You have been open for a month, you should be running smoother than this. Good luck I probably won't be back. There are many sandwich places competing for my $$$, I am not sure that Cousins will be in the mix. Sad because I think their quality is probably pretty good, but if you can't get an order right I am not gonna like it no matter how good it is suppose to be.
4	I love this place.  Was looking for something to break up the fast food monotony of lunch choices.  Decided to try Cousins & to be honest I wasn't expecting too much I just wanted something different.  Since I was a newbie thought I'd try one of their three different cheesesteak sandwiches.  You can make it a combo for $2 extra with your choice of chips or fresh fries cooked to order.  I chose the fries.  Awesome sandwich.  It was so good I went back later in the week and ordered the same thing.  I need to try other items on their menu but I can't get past the steak yet.  This is the closest place I've found in the valley to an old fashioned hoagie joint in Chicago.  Nothing fancy just a good lunch joint. Great staff and they have a military discount which is rare once you get five miles away from the base.  Give them a try.
5	went there for lunch yesterday, got a 7.5 Philly cheese steak which was pretty good, friendly service, and the food was just cooked, place is very cleanand organized, nice store
1	Drove all the way over there and the doors were locked!  The phone number is disconnected!
5	Usually I'd give a 4 star review max for fast food joints (If they've earned it) but this 1 gets a solid 5! Not only is the staff great, foods what you should expect from cousin's subs but this location has Sprecher root beer from Wisconsin!!!!! The best because its from Wisconsin. Duh, lol  If you haven't had Sprecher root beer you might wanna get in there!
