1	The person I talked to on the phone was extremely rude.  I asked a few simple questions and the reply that I received was very to say the least quick and snappy as to imply I should know better!  I would say that whoever I spoke to could very well have had a bad day, but that should not come out to the customer so I will not be using their services
1	These guys are the most unprofessional people I have ever come in contact with!  The owner Doug talked to my mother-in-law, a single woman in her sixties.  She asked him a simple question regarding her propane system and he cussed her out and made her cry.  This guy is a poor excuse for a human being.
1	RUDE* UNPROFESSIONAL*UNHELPFUL* DID I MENTION RUDE?*We experienced a situation where we smelled propane all throughout the house. We called the Propane People to come out investigate where a leak could possibly be. After threatening this company (who did not want of come out in the first place) we were made to wait until the "technicians"  finished smoking their cigarettes before they even came to the door. They made us turn off all the valves and never explained what measures they would take to find the leak. Their advanced,technological way to find a leak is a spray bottle of soapy water, which the "technician" only sprayed here and there. He only checked the stove at the shut off valve and the shut off valve at the propane tank. He didn't bother to check our propane dryer, the BBQ or all three fireplaces. Their final answer was to tell us we have a leak "somewhere" at which time they removed the regulator from the tank leaving us with no gas, and no way to find where the leak was coming from. They charged $150.00 for soapy water and no answers, or even a number of someone to call who may be able to help us out.If this wasn't a bad enough experience, try calling the Company and speaking with the office person. She is Argumentative, 100% Rude, and Unprofessional. We have waited two days for the return of the regulator and when we called about an approximate time to expect the "technicians",because they should have been here 4 hours ago, she proceeded to tell my spouse, and I quote: "It's not my problem".We will be discontinuing our service and going with a propane company who knows how to handle questions and concerns, who cares about their own products as well as their customers health and safety. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY.
