4	Reviewing this hardly makes any sense.. & it wraps around most of LV into Hendo.. So I can't see why that address was particularly chosen, but I use to get around faster than the sidestreets.. Then again, that's its purpose.
4	A future Interstate Highway review? Sure, why not. It's relatively new so unlike other city beltways with super short or weird ramps this highway makes it a breeze to circle around most of Las Vegas. But it's got some quirks as it's not finished yet. It's got a steep hill and is a traffic cop's quota generating paradise in several spots. During rush hour it flows pretty well until you get to I-15 out South at which point if a person sneezes and touches the brakes you get a massive backup. Overall though Las Vegas has a great Beltway, one to be proud of. 4 Stars. I can't give it a 5 as it's not finished yet!
5	Love this highway, just minus the state "troopers" It'll be even better once it's completed and has no red lights on it.
5	I had such a bad experience here that I wrote a negative review about this place on Yelp. A few days later I received an "Owners Comment" from a Taiwanese man named Doctor Tu Feif Ting, who offered me a lifetime comp all because of my bad experience. So now, I can drive on this thing as much as I want for free! I don't have to pay a cent! What a great deal!!!! And what great customer service from the Public Relations department  of CLARK COUNTY 215! Sorry, I can't write a more detailed review about this place but I only have a 15 minute lunch break from my job at Taco Bell and I need to get back to work soon or my boss Mr. Rodriguez will yell at me. Gotta go. Bye.Seriously, how the f*ck is the CLARK 215 considered a business? Why does this even have a Yelp page? What is going on here?  I don't understand!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDe_7GKbhJk
4	If people would stay out of the left lane, commonly referred to as the "passing lane", it would make for a much more pleasurable driving experience for everyone.East bound 215 at Decatur is often the place for NHP to set up "speed traps" as well. Don't ask how I know...
