4	I was first introduced to this cute little boutique when I was still living in LA. (This clothing store was founded in LA actually and this is the ONLY location here in Vegas...so far. All other 30something stores are scattered throughout So Cali)ANGL (I thought it was pronounced as "angel" but today, I heard a sales associate pronounced it as "angle?") is located at Tivoli Village.This store can be compared to Foreign Exchange (wait...do they have that store in Vegas? It may be another Cali store, my bad.) Okay, so for you Vegas gals...you can compare this store to a classier "Hottie" stores. The atmosphere here is so chic and everything is displayed well and presentable.Anyways..they got your casual, your clubbing, your dressy/formal, flip flops, heels, flats, last but not least...they got your accessories. Prices here can be a hit or miss. You may find items here you think cost $30 but it's only $20. But then you may find items here that you think is priced at $20 but it's really $25. I saw maxi dresses around $20-35. Formal/clubbing dresses ranges at $30-50. Denim shorts $15 and up. Casual tops $15-30. They also got some hoochie mama barely-wearing-anything super fitted cropped tops for around $20-30.Prices may look cheap but the thing about ANGL that sets them apart from stores like Rhapsodielle, Hottie, or even F21 is that their clothing quality is top notch...maybe even in the BeBe category. I'm serious, everything is well made, sturdy fabric and not a piece of excess string hanging about.So why did I knock off 1 star? The return/exchange policy. =/ For a great boutique like this, I'm disappointed in them. I understand jewelry and dresses are final sale but the rest of their policy is like F21 or worst, Rhapsodielle's rule. "NO REFUND. EXCHANGE OR STORE CREDIT ONLY WITHIN 14 DAYS FROM ORIGINAL PURCHASE DATE." =/ Also, leggings and shoes are FINAL SALE. Ummm....what!?!? Eh..whatever floats their boat I guess. As always, just like you would with any shopping trip, just make sure you really really really like the item or is 105% sure it's going to fit and you're going to be wearing it at least twice before you commit to purchasing.But honestly....don't let that scare you from stopping by ANGL. It's a great place to shop! You will find some hidden gems here you may not find in your typical clothing stores.  :)
5	I love this little store !!!Even more so that they are located in Tivoli Village, which happens to be one of my growing favorite spots to dine in Vegas.So glad they opened a location in Vegas. I loved coming to this little boutique whenever I visited Santa Monica. They are based out of LA and have multiple locations all over socal. They have really cute, unique styles here. Hip and with the current trends, but not too tacky looking like forever 21 can be at times. Very good prices. They always have some kind of sale promotion going on in the store. I bought a really cute maxi dress here for 40 bucks( original price 50, there was a 20% off sale for all dresses).The staff is great. They are helpful but not overbearing. The only thing I hate about ANGL is their return/exchange policy. No refunds only store credit within 14 days. So make sure you try on and like what you decide to buy. If you're a shopaholic you have to at least have to check it out once. I hope that more shops like ANGL start popping up in this area.
5	Super cute club wear and casual/hipster outfits! GREAT prices.I found 3 cute maxi style dresses for about $30 each and they were having an awesome sale of Miss Me jeans that were half off so I got then for $20/each!
4	Super cute store! They have a lot to choose from and everything is reasonably priced (which is rare is Summerlin). I will definitely be going back AND be going there before driving all the way to Rhapsodielle or the mall since it is so close. The staff is very friendly too and tries to make the experience personable. Cons: The sizes seem inconsistent. In most a size small was too big and normally that is what I wear, couldn't find any XS and then in a few a small was too tight and they had no M. I asked what the return policy was so if my seamstress couldn't alter the dress I could return it but it seems every dress I pulled was a final sale. The return policy: some things (I get jewelry and leggings), but even a lot of dresses were final sale.
4	The clothes are very cute, and pretty reasonable. I can't wait to get some spring and summer stuff here.
5	Cutest clothes! They have a lot to choose from and everything is reasonably priced. They have everything from casual to club wear. It just so happens to be located at tivoli village which is one of my favorite spots to dine.
5	Huge selection of cute tops, skirts, dresses, accessories at great prices.  Perfect for going out to casual dinner or club!  Super nice sales people!
4	Walking into Angl is sometime worse than a trip to target because I want everything! I love the funk - classy styles without the crazy price tags. Great place for different yet elegant styles. Love.
1	I like the clothes, sometimes it's a hit or miss based on the sizing. I just went there a week ago on the 25th and I asked the sales person Tyler if there were any sales coming up. She said she didn't know and then when I got home I realized she left the sensor on my dress. So I went back today, a week later and there's a Labor Day sale. How could she not know? It just was aggravating. I love the store, I will continue to shop there but just one bad experience.
1	I had a horrible experience at ANGL a few weeks ago. I went in looking for a cute white dress for my bridal shower (big deal). After trying many dresses on I found one that I became obsessed with, the only problem was that it was an open back dress and the front was a little see-thru. I asked the sales associate if they carried sticky bra's so I could purchase the dress. To my relief the sales associate said YES and helped me find one in my size. She then told me it was a final purchase which I understood. The next day as I am opening the box to put on my sticky bra I realize that the sales associate was incorrect that what they had were sticky bras and that they were just nude gel like bras with clear plastic straps. I immediately started freaking out and had to have my bridesmaid sew couplets from one of my bathing suites into the dress. It was supposed to be a perfect day and unfortunately started out with a stressful ordeal. The following days I had my rehearsal dinner, wedding, and 2 week honeymoon back to back so was not able to go in to get some type of compensation. Once back I went into the store having no doubt that they would be apologetic and help me with exchanging it for the huge mess up or give me store credit. NO totally wrong! I had a very unprofessional, unsympathetic  sales associate tell me that it was a final sale and that if it would have been returned with 14 days they prob would exchange it. I told her the situation and how it almost ruined my bridal shower and she basically did NOTHING for me. I asked to speak to a manager and she said she was and that she would speak to the owner in the back. She returned to say the same thing!!! I could not believe this. I spend hundreds of dollars here every year as well as my bridesmaids since we all conveniently live in Summerlin. We ALL could not believe the horrible customer service and lack of sympathy for the incident. Instead of just exchanging a 20 dollar bra for the correct bra. They will now loose out on thousands of dollars that me and my best friends would have spent their in the upcoming years. NEVER AGAIN
