4	This is a terrific homewares store!  Great selections of many categories of merchandise.  It ain't cheap, but it's all *quality* stuff. Most of the people are knowledgeable & happily helpful.Almost everything I've bought here is completely satisfying.  On a rare occasion I've taken something back -- they simply replaced it or refunded my money.  No big deal about it.Whenever I need something along their line, BB&B is where I go first.   Then I don't have to go anywhere else second.
4	Linen's Plus, the store that was perfect for me closed.  The staff here has gone out it's way to accommodate me and I appreciate it.  It's a smaller store and they have been out of things I am looking for.  They have always offered to have things sent in for me or at least find it in another store so I can pick it up that day if I need it. Since I lost the store where I shopped enough that the magnetic strip was worn off my credit card, I have discovered Bed,  Bath,  and Beyond, does carry a wider range of products than I would have known otherwise.  The staff is for the most part, very knowledgeable about their stock.A special compliment to this store.  Occasionally I shop for a friend using her Amex card.  This store always checks ID's and if your picture isn't on the card, they won't ring you up!  How often does anyone even check let alone stick to the store policy.
4	In general I am a fan of BB&B... so I'm sold there.  They have a variety of home essentials as well as items I'd love to just be able to stock my place with.  The quality of the items they carry are nice and bringing in a coupon is always welcomed.  Checkout and returns are also a painless process at this location.I have been in and out of this particular location several times since moving to Phoenix from Chicago and the customer service on the whole has been pretty good.  I understand that at times they are a bit under staffed and with the holidays now, they are a little more preoccupied; however, when you are able to flag someone down they are always friendly, helpful, and willing to take their time to assist you - even if it's merely for an opinion.  The only negative I have to say about this location is that it is a smaller one and therefore doesn't always carry everything a larger one would be able to, but they are very accommodating and wonderful at making alternate suggestions or even suggesting/sending you to another store for what you're seeking.
5	Bed Bath and Beyond, this is a really great store.  They are always sending out coupons and sending you emails with coupons. For a place like this i normally would not stop in unless i had a coupon. So for them it is a smart marketing technique.  They have just about anything you could want for the home and if they don't they will order it for you , or you can just get it on line.  When i have to get a wedding gift or something from a resistor i just order it on line. So much easier than shopping in the store.  Lots of parking here except during the Christmas season.
4	I'm not generally one to say I am a fan of Bed, Bath & Beyond.  Don't get me wrong, It's a good store.  Always has the bedding, kitchen and bathroom stuff that I want at need.  The company also sends out $5.00 and 20% coupons out nonstop.  I'm just not all that into home decode.  The one thing at consistently draws me in is the massive selection of K-Cups.What makes me a big fan of this store is the great customer service.  I didn't have a coupon, but I was out of coffee and happen to be passing by, so I ran in.  There was one person a head of me at the one register that was open.  The clerk called for backup which never came.  While it wasn't a big deal, the clerk scanned a 20% off coupon to make up for the trouble.  Guess who's coming back to this store again?
5	This place has always been amazing with customer service.  I needed assistance finding some pans.  This woman, Jesse, offered her help.  She was knowledgeable, friendly, professional, and very cool.  She not only was all of these things, but she also asked me if I had any coupons to use that day.  Since I didn't, she said she would do the 20% that is normally sent in the mail.  She did not send me to another register, but helped me herself.  Friendly and efficient the whole way through.  Awesome, Jesse.  Thank you for making me feel like a valued customer.
5	I went in to get a clothing steamer. I asked for their opinion on the best ones, and the store clerk, "Jess", was amazing. The one on amazon was $74, it was $70 at walmart, and $64 at Bed Bath and Beyond! Cheaper than walmart? Sign me up.I was talking about never having to iron again (I hope) and the cashier was super friendly and talkatie. She ended up throwing a coupon at me and gave me 20% off for no reason, which brought me down to $52 for a $75 product. Awesome.Did I mention I threw away my iron? Clothing steamers are great. BB&B is better. Thanks guys!!
3	Bed Bath & Beyond -- totally overpriced and for this particular location, also bad parking!!  Ugh.  I don't usually shop at BB&B unless I have one of those coveted 20% off coupons in my hot little hand. I was here recently looking for that awesome linen spray, the Egyptian Cotton-scented version. They haven't had it either time I was here. I was also looking for a new "everyday" type of pot, but they didn't have what I needed. Sure, they had Calphalon but I'm not paying THAT for a pot or pan. I did pick up a new shower curtain liner and a couple candles but I had to get the pot elsewhere.
5	I always have a great experience coming to Bed Bath and beyond.   The staff here is amazing and they are always happy to help you find what you are looking.Bed Bath and Beyond has everything you can think of, for your kitchen, bathroom and for your bedroom.  I always find what I'm looking forward every time I come here.  Also the prices are always great too.  If you get there email or is on their mailing list.  You will get a 20% discount every month for one item.   So, if you are looking for something for you house, you should totally check out Bed Bath and beyond.
4	Organized, clean ... and expensive. For me at least. I can find similar things for less. But quality items and good staff!
1	I'm not a fan of this Bed Bath & Beyond. I went there looking for a fan and wine opener. I found the "fan section" which only consisted of heaters and overpriced decorative fans. I was directed back to the heaters when I asked the cashier if there were more fans. The guy working on the floor was very helpful. He was very nice and walked us over to the awesome selection of wine openers. I've been to this Bed Bath & Beyond several times and there always seems to be a problem at checkout. This last experience at Bed Bath & Beyond was no different. It took forever to check out and the cashier was nowhere near as friendly as the guy on the floor. The only reason I would go back is because I have store credit.
3	We frequent this location. It is in a great area and if you time it right parking can be easy to find.  Going at night seems to do the trick. The store is clean and stocked well. We have only ever had issues during check out. It all depends on who is behind the counter. Don't recommend shopping for fans during winter. They just have space heaters,  which makes sense.
5	Bought a Keurig here the other day for a friend of mine. It was such a good deal! The coffee machine was $30 off AND I was able to use my 20% off coupon on it. I love the coupons they send out and the variety of items you can use them on. The staff are very helpful and the store was clean and organized
5	Great customer service! Returned an item without receipt with no questions asked. Love coming to this location.
2	The store Is packed with small gifty things but don't rely on them for the basics, at least when it comes to bedding. I drove a long way to get to the store only to be disappointed. They didn't have bed skirts, cal king sizes,or euro size pillows, etc. The store being called "Bed" bath and beyond, didn't live up to its name.
