3	This is the spot that used to be called The Green Mango. We had lunch here and wondered why the menu had changed so drastically. When we walked out, we finally noticed that the sign was different. It seems that this is under new ownership. The menu has changed drastically. Don't look for your old favorites, because they won't be there. There are still plenty of vegetarian options, but the two dishes we shared weren't as good as the ones we'd had when this was still The Green Mango. I ordered the Kang Paneng, which is veggies and tofu in a red curry/coconut sauce. It was not spectacular, but ok. My dining partner ordered the Rad Na--flat rice noodles and veggies in a "special gravy." Again, not spectacular, but ok. Lunch comes with a soup (didn't try) or an unremarkable green salad. I'm sure we'll be back, because it's a great vegetarian lunch option nearby, but I will miss the Green Mango every time.
4	Some of you may have noticed, the Green Mango packed up and moved out of its Regent Square location. If you didn't notice that the space has become Thai Cottage you could be forgiven, since not much has changed, save some of the art on the walls. That is, until you open the menu. I had grabbed a take out menu on a prior non-eating excursion down in the Square and had given it a good look-over. I was pretty sure by the time GFgf picked me up, that I was going for the pumpkin curry with tofu & veggies, of course. When we were seated, the hostess gave us special menus along with the standard. I noted a Tamarind tofu (fried tofu over steamed veggies in a tamarind sauce) and a Sunrise Tofu (same with a peanut chili sauce). We asked the waitress about gluten free options, but ended up speaking with a woman from the kitchen who might be the owner. She said all of the curries are GF. We asked if the fresh rolls were safe & she said she would double check the wrapper package to make sure there is no wheat in them. Turns out they were a go. When she served them, she brought us both a sweet and sour and a peanut sauce since the sauce they normally serve with them is not GF. The rolls and the sauces were delicious! Though swayed by the specials, I stuck with the pumpkin curry, as it was a chilly, dreary night. GFgf went with the Massaman with shrimp, and we both got brown rice. GFgf's curry was loaded with shrimp & she gobbled them up with pleasure. The pumpkin in my dish was creamy and flavorful. The spice level (6) had heat without losing the complexity of the spices. There was a nice blend of other veggies and the tofu was cut into bite-size pieces and lightly fried so they blended in nicely to the dish (as opposed to those big chunks of flavorless fresh tofu so often dumped into Asian dishes). Our initial foray indicates that Thai Cottage's predecessor will not be missed long. We'll definitely be back soon.
4	I was super sad when Green Mango closed, so I'm glad Thai Cottage opened back up so quickly in its place. I was even more pleased when I saw Pad Ped on the menu, my absolute favorite Thai dish which I have not been able to find at ANY other Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. I ordered this, spiciness of 6, with chicken. The portion was a good size with plenty of meat. I'm a big lover of spice, but their level 6 was extremely spicy, even for me, so I'll probably tone it down to a 4 next time. But other than that I was very happy with the dish. All the veggies seemed fresh and crisp, the flavors were great. My friend said her pad thai was perfect as well. The servers, although a little quiet and shy, were attentive and prompt.My only lament is that Thai Cottage, unlike Green Mango, does not have bubble tea. Please get bubble tea!So to conclude, I'm happy that Thai Cottage is now there, and I see myself being a regularly customer here very soon!
3	Really surprised that this restaurant changed hands, but it really seems to have improved by the sale.  The dishes are more authentic, and the staff could not be friendlier.  Lots of great options to choose from, and the food was delicious.  I don't typically buy dessert, but I was tempted to try the pumpkin with sticky rice, and it was great. I very much recommend this restaurant.
4	Having newly moved from Buffalo, I was looking for a place to replace my favourite, Jasmine. I think this is going to be my new Thai place. I judge all Thai places by their Pad Thai and this is some of the best Pad Thai I've had. It was a perfect sized portion, full of meat, and just the right amount of spice. A lot of the Pad Thai meat is just greasy peices of meat, but at this place, even the meat had flavour!! My friend got a curry dish and he loved it as well, The waitresses were super sweet and attentive as well, an added bonus.
3	Thai Cottage would seem like a better restaurant if a great Thai restaurant hadn't just vacated that space in Regent Square. We stopped in for lunch yesterday, and while the food was solid and the service was good, it's a step down from the Green Mango, at the same price.My Thai beef and sticky rice salad (a special) was advertised as being served on spring mix greens, but came out over romaine instead. Since we were at lunch, the server offered a choice of soup or salad to go with the meal - sadly, the salad was simply average, just romaine and a tomato that was very out of season. The two bright spots were the steamed dumplings (delicious) and my husband's curry - sweet, as curries often are in Pittsburgh, but still well done.  The service was fine and very polite, but our server seemed to have a cold(!).Would I go back? Sure, but I might stick with the standard menu rather than the specials - my guess is that the kitchen does its best work in its comfort zone. And with time, any missteps (like the wrong lettuce or a missing knife, or staff with the sniffles) might work themselves out. But I am keenly aware that great Thai food is the same distance from me in the other direction at the Green Mango location in Monroeville.
4	Dumplings are to die for!
4	I'm a fan of Thai food, and whenever I try a new Thai restaurant, I order Pad Thai.  That experience determines whether or not I will return.  Rest assured that I will be back to Thai Cottage!  The shrimp spring rolls were as expected, but the pumpkin soup blew my mind!  If you've never had pumpkin soup, don't be afraid to try something new.  The service was friendly and attentive.
4	I'll be back, probably many times. I am a big fan of thai food, and am spoiled with what I believe is the best Thai restaurant in the US (Ricky Thai Bistro) near my place in Florida. When I'm in the burgh, Thai Cottage does an admirable job filling that craving for curry. The pumpkin is amazing!
4	I'm in love with this place. Not only is it a free-corkage BYOB joint, but the food is excellent. I had a ginger pork dish a generous helping of perfectly sticky rice to sop up the sauce. My only complaint would be that it wasn't as spicy as I was expecting -- I asked for a "medium" and got American Midwestern medium, not Thai medium. There were also some pleasant food surprises, like the mini-samosas that were about the size and shape of a piece of Thai toast, and the delicious little dumplings (both of which came from the appetizer platter I shared with my wife).My favorite part of the experience, though, was the service. We had one shy, kind of demure server who got us water and opened the wine we brought, but the server during the meal? Very cheeky and humorous, while also taking excellent care of us. I hope to get the same server again when I most definitely return.I'd put this place head-to-head with any of the super-good Thai joints in Los Angeles, without a doubt.(Also, the pumpkin custard dessert is freaking delicious. I couldn't finish it, but man! The flavor combination of pumpkin, sweet custard, and the coconut in the rice base was splendid.)
5	Super wow! Love it!
1	The Green Mango it is not! I had the Basil Ginger Fish and it was way too salty and too hot. I asked for a 5 out of a scale of 10 since it was my first time at the restaurant and figured I could add hot oil if it was too mild. To my dismay it was too hot and lacked distinct flavors other than the salt.The friend I was with is from what we call the "clean the plate club" but she did not clean her plate also stated that food was too salty.Very disappointing overall. The service was also slow and they were not that busy. I will not be returning. I will have to drive the extra miles to Monroeville.
3	Service was excellent, but food was just okay.
1	Okay. So vegetarian doesn't mean anything here. Me and my wife have been vegetarian for 32 years (read all life) and our pick up order of Veg. Fried Rice had chicken pieces in it. In case you are wondering I repeated my order at least 7 times.Disgusted for life....
3	I ate here right before watching a movie at the movie theatre a block away. Had the basil fried rice. It was good, not spectacular. Our server was pretty attentive. A small detail, but I didn't like the layout or design of their menu. It was very hard to read with the font that they chose. Trying to introduce "the cool" factor in the design only detracted from the overall readability.
4	I've eaten here several times since they've opened and the food has always been great. The regular server inside is super friendly and attentive. Their menu seems a bit more varied than some other Thai places in the area, which I like. It's more than just your 10 typical pad thai-ish dishes.The Thai iced tea is really good, as are the bubble teas. I'm glad they have real bubble teas and not just bubble smoothies like Green Mango had.I only wish they delivered!
3	I had the choo chee here. I wanted green curry, but unfortunately they put fish sauce in their curries. The place was packed and the seating was cramped. The food wasn't bad... but it wasn't great. The ambiance wasn't bad... but it wasn't great. All told, Thai Cottage is solidly a three star kind of place.
2	3 friends and I met for dinner at 6pm on a Monday evening. I was surprised by the amount of activity in a week night. Needless to say, we we're seated immediately.Service was good and our food came out quickly. I ordered the tamarind tofu--crisp fried tofu with peppers, onions, broccoli, carrots, and tamarind sauce over rice. The flavor was alright, although I feel the quality is tending toward that of the typical Chinese restaurants that cater to a non-Chinese clientele--lots of sauce to cover up all the other ingredients.We brought out own wine, which is nice to be able to do.I will be back with the hope that the restaurant starts to improve. Prices are a little high for the flavor and quality of the food. There are better Thai restaurants in town, including the standard against which I judge all others, Thai Gourmet in Bloomfield.
4	I came here with friends and was pleasantly surprised. I was never impressed by Green Mango, but decided to try Thai Cottage. The hostess is the same hostess/server that used to work at Smiling Banana Leaf, and she is a dear. Always attentive and helpful, the service is very good. I had the red curry and my friends had various entrees such as pad kee mao, green curry, and several salads. Everything looked and smelled delicious. The fresh rolls are delicious as well, and I love that there are other delicious Thai options in Pittsburgh other than my usual Smiling Banana Leaf, Nikki's, and Pusadee's Garden.If you find yourself in Regent Square, definitely try Thai Cottage.
5	Wow. This place is just a few blocks from my house but I wanted far too long to try it.I love Thai and this place has to be the best Thai place I've tried in Pittsburgh.The serve, Bell, was so friendly and funny. Definitely added to the enjoyment of the place.Portions were generous. I got the lemon grass soup (great) and glass noodle Pad Thai--WOW. Loved it. This will be my go to place!
4	We hadn't been here since last fall and were surprised with the renovations.  The woman greeted us enthusiastically as we entered and was very attentive throughout our meal ( a nice change from some of the Green Mango-era staff).  I like the new look-- more neutral colors, a collection of pierced-metal ceiling fixtures gathered in the center of the room, a different seating arrangement (benches along one wall with comfy pillows).  The  music was also enjoyable, Madeleine Peyroux and Diana Krall held my attention until our food arrived, then I could focus on nothing else.  :)  I ordered Pad Kee Mow, wide rice noodles with napa cabbage and Thai basil in a garlicy sauce; my husband enjoyed his chicken and vell peppers in a Thai basil sauce with rice.  Both dishes were absolutely delicious.  We live a 45 minute drive away, but will be making excuses to visit the area more often, just to eat here.
3	First I will say this is a review for a take out order, so I would have probably given this place a two and a half stars otherwise. I order their Tom Kha Noodle soup with beef with a level 8 out of 10 spiciness. The beef was pretty bland and had almost no heat. The soup part was slightly tastier, but still bland and not spicy at all. My girlfriend ordered the Thai style fried rice with chicken and she was not impressed with it...had to use soy sauce. The Thai iced tea was very good. Finally, the pumpkin custard with sweet sticky rice was ok. I'd give the Thai cottage another try, but it would have to be an eat in experience though it will be hard to do that with the Square Cafe down not too far down the block.
3	Everything here is just OK. The Pad Thai, was palatable, but sadly it made me want to go to Noodlehead. Where it is both cheaper and much better tasting. The red curry was thin and weak, not nearly as flavorful as other establishments. Again, the food was good, not great. And it was definitely more expensive than it should be for the quality and quantity given.
4	The overall experience was pretty decent. The setting was very warm. The service was kind of funny. She sat us down, and gave us our menus. Literally two minutes later, "Are you ready to order?" And then two minutes later, same thing. Lol we said give us 5 minutes, it ended up being 20. But other than that, food was good and service was good.
5	Best bubble tea I have experienced in pittsburgh. With milk and green tea options for a base along with a variety of flavors, they're sure to impress. Pineapple fried rice and pad Thai are also very good. Check out the lunch specials--it's a good deal. Entree with soup/salad for $8.50. Large portions and great service. I'll definitely be back.
4	I am pleased to find another delicious Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Thai Cottage is a quaint and intimate gem in the heart of Regent Square.  Fresh ingredients and robust in flavor; everything on the menu is delicious.Normally I stick to my Tofu Pad Thai, but here I've ventured off and tried other amazing dishes.  Basil fried rice - where you can actually taste the basil, iand several curries to dance on your taste buds.  My current favorite is Pineapple Curry with Tofu.  I never though I would enjoy curry... I had a bad experience in college where someone ruined it for me.  However this dish allowed me to fall in love again.  The perfect combination of sweet and savory, this dish awakens my palate.  The best question: "How hot do you want it? From 1 to 10."  Make mine a 7, or if I'm daring, 8.Thai Cottage is BYOB so feel free to bring a tasty adult beverage if you so desire.  Or try their Thai Iced Tea for something different.  Next time you're craving Thai, head to Regent Square and dine at Thai Cottage.  You can thank me later.
5	Friendly staff, BYOB, and I like the new decor. When the weather is nice there is outdoor seating for 2 top tables.
2	After 2 attempts at take-out here, I'm over it. The food is flavorful, but they have screwed up both orders. The first time, they only gave me half the order & I had to go back mid-snowstorm to get the rest. At least I got a $20 gift card for that. However, that is barely a meal with the prices here. Second try, they attempted to walk off without making change for the bill and gave the wrong food. We ended up with a veg appetizer instead of meat - it's got totally different items in it - and a pork entree instead of chicken. Not to mention my noodles (not soup) are drowning in extra sauce. Now we're eating pathetic samosas & tofu instead of delicious dumplings and satay. It's not worth driving back to fix it. Get your act together, Thai Cottage. I'll stick with Curry Away.
5	I was not expecting anything special when I sat down for dinner with my dad, but the food was great! We ordered vegetarian spring rolls which were very flavorful. I got the mango curry for my meal which I was afraid would be too sweet but it was spiced perfectly and really just tasted like red curry with a hint of mango flavor. The service was decent. I will definitely be back.
4	I like it. I can't speak to authenticity, since I've never been to thailand, but I can say the food is delicious, and will hit the spot with the usual suspects of things you can expect from an American Thai restaurant. And they have a few things on the menu you don't see everywhere else, and its all delicious. I dream about their pumpkin curry!
4	I've only been here once, but the som tum was some of the best I have had in Pittsburgh. It was well made with just the right consistency. I need to go back soon!
