4	They have a great breakfast menu and lunch menu that is served all day! I love the Door County Granola which consists of great big chunks of granola in creamy vanilla yogurt accompanied with Door county dried cheeries..mmm! Quietly located on Regent Street. Great atmosphere to eat, drink coffee and read the newspaper.
4	I was in a rush, so I only had Mate tea to go. The place looked liked cozy and good place to study (they're open 'til 10pm). I also glanced at the breakfast/lunch menu - they look fantastic. Where else in Madison would you expect some sophistication like "Goat cheese and Fig sandwich??" I'm definitely going back there for some nice bites. I also can't wait to try the cold Mate with dash of milk and honey in summer :)
4	They do their espresso right (or close to it!).  The best in Madison that I'm aware of...
5	Indie has a great, funky atmosphere, with a nice little patio out back in the shade of a big tree.  The coffee is very good (in my opinion, it's the only place off the Square that really has good espresso).  Their granitas are very refreshing in summer, and the grilled sandwiches and waffles are tasty.  Their pastries and desserts aren't as exciting, but that's OK.  I don't get there as much as I used to when I both lived and worked in the area, but it's still the only place with good espresso that is open evenings and Sundays, so I still make the trip sometimes.
4	A trendy and comfy atmosphere, free wifi, really friendly baristas, great coffee. One of my favorite places to study. I personally love their white chocolate mochas, iced tea, waffles, and regent street bagels. Tons of great stuff on their menu.
5	As far as I'm concerned, Indie is the best place to get coffee in Madison. It has great ambience, fantastic coffee, a varied and delicious menu (including, my favorite, waffles all day), and friendly staff. Their wifi is fast and free, and there's a fun patio out back to enjoy the warmer days. On the shelves, you can grab a board game like Scrabble or Mastermind. Every once in awhile, they even have live music typically of the (obviously enough) coffeehouse genre. Jason Mraz even played a show at Indie when he was in town for a slightly larger show at the Kohl Center!
5	Fantastic!  The decor and layout was perfect for an nice warm espresso to start off the day in Madison.  The breakfast menu looked incredible but did not partake sadly.  The coffee was very tasty and I was intrigued by the upcoming events.  If I lived in Madison, that would be my coffee joint.
4	I discovered their light, crispy multi-grain waffle.I've been waffle hunting in Madison, and for me, the Indie's is the best one. It's not the over loaded with whip cream and syrup kind - it's definitely a lot more lighter (and maybe healthier?) but works damn well for my taste.The only down side is their coffee, which is kinda sub-par. So remember, waffle and tea. With those, you'll be happy at this place.
5	I do my best not to just hand out 5 star reviews, but Indie Coffee is earning it with every visit I make. I used to sling coffee at Marigold Kitchen, and I've been to most of the cafes/coffeeshops around Madison - Victor Allen's, Steep & Brew, Etes-Vous Prets, Mother Fools, Ground Zero Coffee, Fair Trade, Michaelangelo's, Sunroom Cafe, and the Washington Hotel Coffee Room, to name a few  - and an extraordinary few even come close to the quality and prices of Indie, especially when it comes to food and service.I'm a fan of the teas there, especially the clementine clove and the pomegranate rosehip, and my boyfriend is a devotee of both their hot and iced mochas, as well as the creamy, flavor-packed chai. While I normally roll my eyes at those who deviate from the small/medium/large size names (Starbucks, I'm looking at you), the Wingra/Monona/Mendota names are sweetly local enough that I find it endearing. I also appreciate that they let you buy entire pots of tea, which can be meted out at a leisurely pace without losing their heat.The sandwiches and soups are something to behold. The Regent bagel sandwich is elevated by a flavorful zing of goat cheese, the Greenbush bagel sandwich is hearty and rich, and the chicken focaccia is an excellent combination of textures and flavors on mouth-wateringly fresh bread. I'm not that much of a vegetarian, but those who are have an extensive list of options. The soup of the day rotates, but I've had the pleasure of trying the chicken & sausage gumbo, which felt like a reawakening on a frigid day. The cup and bowl sizes are smaller than your average Wisconsin cup and bowl sizes, though, so you may want a little something extra if you're looking for an entire meal. The bread that accompanies the soup is warm, crispy with a chewy center, and delicious on its own or dunked in the soup.The walls are painted warm colors, which are very comforting during cold winter months, and in the summer, there's a lovely back patio on which you can sit - secluded from the hustle and noise of Regent Street, but open enough for fresh air with plenty of shade on hotter days. The wireless is reliable, although loading videos can take quite a while. The only thing I'm not wildly enthusiastic about is the seating - the chairs aren't the most comfortable thing, though I do like the benches along some walls and the easy chairs toward the front are great for curling up on with one of the available newspapers. It can get crowded in the late afternoon, but fellow patrons are Midwestern-level nice, and often will shift and share tables with strangers in order to make sure you have a place to sit.And I have to single out Indie for some of the best service I've had in Madison. Every single time I've been in, the person at the counter seems genuinely happy to be there, which is a rare find in this town. Hair is well-secured by baseball caps and ponytail holders. The servers are very knowledgeable about the menu, and they're practically never out of anything. Every time I've asked for a recommendation or help with choosing between multiple options, the barista has provided excellent advice, with reasons why they prefer something. And the night that Snowpocalypse 2011 began, after I'd left Indie, the barista (a slight guy with glasses in his twenties - Indie owner(s), if you are reading this, give the man a raise!) noticed I'd accidentally left my laptop charger there, and hauled ass outside into the freezing, snowy cold, to make sure I got my charger back before the city shut down. Incidentally, Indie Coffee was open the next day, even when the University itself had shut down.
4	I have lived in Madison 6 years and I can't believe that I hadn't been to Indie Coffee until now! I met a friend there for breakfast on Tuesday and returned today for lunch. I mean they serve a variety of waffles all day long and they are delicious. How great is that?!Today I had the chicken focciaca sandwich, which was better than I even expected! A warm pressed sandwich on herbed foccacia with a really juicy antibiotic free chicken breast and spinach and goat cheese! I was looking for a glass of wine to have with lunch and unfortunately they only had a single white and a single red option, but that is better than no wine, right?The atmosphere is great-the window seats and the back patio are my favorites!
4	Nice place. Good service. We went on Saturday morning around 9 and it was not very busy. Decent coffee, but I ordered a chai latte and for something akin to cappuccino.
5	Service here is always prompt and the workers are friendly.the BEST chai latte and any coffee latte in madison!! They have alot of flavors for syrup, even unique ones like creme brulee.its also a nice place to study usually quiet or even take a friend to catch up.
4	Indie gets and extra 1/2 star for super friendly staff at 6:30am in Dec - decent latte (with the usual addict's 4 shots) and excellent croissants. This is a simple and old-fashioned coffee bar and should be encouraged at all costs!
4	Went in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Cute place. They were pretty busy, but the service was great! The guy taking our order pointed out when someone left so we could grab the table. I had the honey, fig and goat cheese sandwich and it was fabulous. My sister-in-law had ham and cheese on gluten-free bread. They have a good selection of vegetarian options, so I'm excited to head back to try something new. Biggest downside was the plating and presentation. Big plate for only a sandwich, but it was a delicious sandwich, so I can overlook that.
4	This place might be famous for its waffles, but it also has great coffee - in a town with its fair share of independent coffee shops, this is one of the better ones I've visited. The staff has always been warm and friendly, too. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the Regent area!
4	With its extremely friendly staff and great waffles, Indie Coffee is like a big warm hug, with coffee...and waffles. I just moved to Madison, and it's my new favorite place to go when I'm having a sub-par day. Get a waffle and a latte, grab a copy of the onion, and sit and ignore the rest of the world for a while. Tables seem to be sometimes wobbly and chairs aren't the most comfortable. If I lived closer I'd be there every day!
5	Best Iced Coffee in Madison.  What else do you need to know during Summer?
4	This place is one of my favorite places on campus. It has a great charm and great coffee. The carrot cake is something great to have and their mochas are P-R-E-T-T-Y satisfying. I love the little backyard patio for studying. It's definitely a cute little place to stop & get some work done. A final word of advice GET THE WAFFLES.
4	Awesome waffles, definitely a Madisonian place (the sizes come in Wingra, Monona, Mendota). Coffee and atmosphere are great!Keep your eyes open for the occasional indie shows, which feel like heaven in a cramped and cute indie space.Oh, and there is 15min parking just a little ways away if you're in a hurry.
4	Good indie...d.I've casually perused their waffle menu before and this time decided to take the plunge. Yum. That's pretty much all you need to know. Well, that and the fact that they'll bring together any ingredients they currently have on the menu to make something marvy for you. Different batters, different add-ins and different nuts sort of make the possibilities endless. But maybe don't mention that I told you this. ;)I haven't found a great place to park, but a short trip down one of the residentials is worth the walk to waffle happiness. Oh and their iced coffee ain't so bad either!
4	Yay Indie! I love the cute tables by the window. Indie is great both in the summer and winter. In the winter, you can go and hunker down with your latte. In the summer, you can sit on their back patio (so cute) and sip an iced chi. They also have live bands on some nights.The baristas are nice and down to earth. They also work really hard because it's usually one person during the afternoons and evenings who has to serve both coffee and food. The food is not cheap. I've bought a few small bakery items made locally, but not much else.A major downside is that the hours aren't great for students who need to study late. I lived near the coffee shop for two years and my roommate and I would say "let's go study at Indie," and then would realize it would close soon after we got there.
4	This place never fails to satisfy. After a week of cheap, bitter coffee in the communal lounge, this place is a sanctuary. The last few times I've been here I've gotten the caramel mocha, peppermint latte, and the cardamom latte. All were quite tasty and had a good amount of the special ingredient's flavor. I've had the waffles here, too, and they are pretty good, considering that it's a coffee shop. Nice and fluffy and sweet.A random thing I really like about this place, though, is that they serve your drinks in real mugs if don't order to go. Something about drinking from a non-disposable cup just makes the drink that much more satisfying. Also the time I got the caramel mocha I got this cool leaf shape in my foam. Sweet!Great drinks, tasty waffles, friendly staff, and relaxing atmosphere. What else could you ask for in a coffee shop?
5	Perfect coffee shop.  The fact that they make sandwiches and waffles just sweetens the deal.  Do them a favor and pay with cash!You have a mix of people sittin' on laptops and people meeting for conversation.  Everyone is just there to relax and have a good time.  They pull a mean shot.
4	Great independent coffee shop. I've had the breakfast bagel and the waffles. The waffles are DELICIOUS!  The food is available all day. Cozy environment. I go here about once a week. I also love they finish their lattes with a nice leaf design.
4	I usually have meetings here with my graduate advisor.  Even though the place looks small, it actually provides a great atmosphere for conversation (not too loud, yet not too quiet).  The lattes are great, but (visually) seem really big.  I went here recently with my husband to enjoy the waffles.  With drinks and a waffle a piece the bill came out to $26 and change.  Worth it, but you can get a much heartier meal for the same price elsewhere (like Daisy's on Atwood).  My husband had the multigrain cranberry and walnut, while I opted for the red and white.  His stayed crunchy while mine became soggy over time because of the whipped cream and strawberries.  All and all a good (and quick) Sunday brunch, but I think next time we will just split one waffle.  It's a lot of food!
4	I usually have meetings here with my graduate advisor.  Even though the place looks small, it actually provides a great atmosphere for conversation (not too loud, yet not too quiet).  The lattes are great, but (visually) seem really big.  I went here recently with my husband to enjoy the waffles.  With drinks and a waffle a piece the bill came out to $26 and change.  Worth it, but you can get a much heartier meal for the same price elsewhere (like Daisy's on Atwood).  My husband had the multigrain cranberry and walnut, while I opted for the red and white.  His stayed crunchy while mine became soggy over time because of the whipped cream and strawberries.  All and all a good (and quick) Sunday brunch, but I think next time we will just split one waffle.  It's a lot of food!
4	First time stopping in here - the place has a great charm to it.  Staff were friendly and the coffee was tasty.  I didn't get any this time, but they serve waffles!  Next time...
5	The name says it all...The rise and fall of the independent coffee shop is directly correlated with the rise of Starbucks, Caribou, Peets, et al.  But a few resourceful dreamers keep the independent coffee shop alive and Indie Coffee nails it.They are housed in a great building that screams authenticity.  As you walk in, you see the concert posters of some great bands (I should have taken pics, I recall Yo La Tengo being one of them).  The coffee is excellent.  Not sure if I would call them a "third wave" coffee shop but close.  Great breakfast options that go beyond a muffin or bagel.Switch some of your Starbucks budget to the independents...you won't be sorry.
5	WAFFLES WAFFLES. I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF THE WAFFLES. Cranberry walnut multigrain = a choice you will never regret. Awesome atmosphere to hang and sip a pumpkin chai (sugar and spice and all things nice), do work, think about how Regent needs more top notch stomping grounds like this.
4	I lived just a few blocks from Indie over the summer and it was my favorite spot to take care of my morning emails and read through the news. A great spot to warm up before your day or meet for delicious waffles with a friend! The staff is super friendly and have great suggestions for drinks.
5	Okay, maybe not the best person to review this place: I have been here twice, and each time I couldn't help but get the same thing: a cardamom latte and a sundried tomato bagel with cream cheese. It was so good and fulfilling the first time, I had to get it the second time.I don't know why, but I just liked everything about this cafe right away. Ever since I moved to Madison I've been trying to find a cafe that felt like home, and this one's it. The baristas are nice and all smiles, the windows fog up to remind you of how warm it is in here and cold out there, and I love the high table near the window.I walked here the first time and parked right outside today (the second time!). Sadly, I've WANTED to go more often, but I'm usually only in the Regent area on a Saturday ... and Regent is crazy on Saturday with football fans. I haven't even tried to get parking or walk through the crowds. I love the cardamom latte, but maybe not that much.
4	Nice cute coffee shop!I enjoyed the cranberry walnut waffle as well as a well made cup of hot chocolate. I went probably about nine on a Monday morning and was surprised at how busy it was. The tables were all pretty much occupied with individuals studying, eating or chatting. Granted it was a small space but it seemed to be very popular that morning. Service was efficient and super friendly!
5	Absolutely delicious coffee, and made swiftly. Their specialty recipes deliver as desired; the Mayan Spiced Mocha burns just nicely at the back of the throat, the Nutty Professor has a hazelnut warmth, the cardamom and Marzipan are delightful. Don't miss the waffles, either. They don't slouch, and Waffle Wednesday leads to friendly pricing.The staff are also kind. They ensure organization, socialize with interest and respect, and work honestly.As State Street loses its charm to corporations, Indie Coffee remains a delightful alternative just off campus.
2	It's conveniently located and the ambiance is kind of nice with their new remodel, but I would absolutely not return.Pros:free wifisturdy, nice, new tableslive music (quiet enough to think) if that's your thingCons:Exorbitant prices (a soy chai latte that was mostly foam for over $5 and a tasteless, microwaved omelet for $7.5)Rude staff - they told me rudely "no carry-ins allowed", so I was forced to pay crazy disgusting prices for their food since I was hungry and needed wifiLoud kitchen - they're really loud in cooking and in making the coffee, so it was hard to get my school work done.Go there at your own risk.
5	A cute independent coffee place by campus. Nice, cozy, wonderful drinks and beautiful wooden tables. LOVE IT.It's also wonderful for waffles (breakfast or afternoon snack, all day available), and lunch sandwiches like GREEN EGGS AND HAM (sounds weird but it's just pesto with eggs and ham. DELICIOUS). Also, drinks are AMAZINGGGGGG. Spiced Chai, hot, is my go to treat (The best in Madison since Dobra Tea sadly closed down..). Hot Cider in winter is so comforting and just right for the weather, no fake cider aftertaste, EEW. If you like smoothies? There's amazing variety. also, can make it boozy too. There's also beer available! And live music events (never been to one, but seems amazingggg). Come by for a treat during the day between classes, or come slog your way through your assignments!
5	Walk through the door and see a Yo La Tengo poster on the wall and hear SPOON blaring over the loud speakers... YEP you guessed it... I'm in love!  Super happy I got the chance to play a show at Indie Coffee, but not only did I play I hung out there working all day to great music, great coffee, and had a Vegan Wrap that was delightful and large and in charge! The staff were all super sweet, and I got to meet the couple that owns the place.. J.J. and Merritt.  They were both super supportive and awesome!  If you are going to be in Madison and need a place to work or just need a coffee head here, the food, the brews, and the people rule!  And the music over the speakers will keeping you rolling!
4	Nice coffee shop very close to campus. Their patio is open! And it's at the back of the coffee shop away from the busy regent street yay. As many earlier reviews can attest to, the atmosphere and location are great and their waffles wonderful. In addition to those, I especially love their drinks. I am not a big coffee/tea drinker usually, but I love their drinks because they are not overly sweet. Their mocha and vanilla iced chai are my favorite. They use ghirardelli chocolates in their mocha *yums*. The hot version comes with marshmallows, it sounds really awesome. I usually order iced drinks but if I feel like having a hot drink that will definitely be at the top of my list. It's a great place to chill out or to do work, enjoy or escape from the weather outside =)
4	I took some time to actually glance around the place today when I stopped in with my son for a quick cup of coffee to go before digging into the drudgery of preparing for a move.Now I realize that 'Indie' Coffee refers to independent film, as there are film reels and cameras on the walls and counters. So yeah, neither here nor there but...anyway.The sizes for their brewed coffee are named after the local Madison lakes, and I got the largest size, which I believe was the Monona. I thought it was very reasonable at $2.25. There was a house brew, an Ethiopian brew and a decaf ready to go, I chose the Ethiopian. It was their lightest roast and it was delicious, if a little less strongly brewed than I would prefer it. The temperature was pretty hot but not unreasonably so, and it tasted very freshly made.My son had a large iced caramel latte and he didn't remark about it one way or the other, but had it gone in a flash. We've gone there before to work on our laptops and have discussions, and it's quiet and intimate enough for both. I kind of like their thick, butcher-block style tables and the little lamps on them, which makes it feel cozy and homey.Last time we had food too, bagel sandwiches, and they were great. Mine had spinach and roasted red peppers, always a great combo.The service is understated in style, but pleasant, timely and accurate. Parking is an issue, as for any Regent Street business. Nice vibe, and altogether cool place.
5	Indie Coffee is one of the best Coffee shops I've been to. The first time I went there was a live artist playing, and he was amazing making the atmosphere all that much better. The Barista was fabulous, very perky and uplifting spirit. The chai latte was simply amazing, so foamy and delicious. I've gone back several times since, and have never been let down. The atmosphere is very relaxed, and a great place to get some work done. There is outside seating, perks for summertime in Madison. Adequate seating is inside. Indie is a great place to be.
3	Cute little campus coffee shop that is known for their waffles. I got the pumpkin pie latte. It was average. The workers their are nice and eclectic.
5	This place has excellent coffee, 100x better than the sludge they are passing off as coffee closer to where I work! I risk being late multiple time a week detouring here (haven't been late yet)!!The chocolate Croissants are the best I've had in Madison. The staff is very fast and friendly. The food always looks good though I haven't tried it yet. They have a nice little patio in the back which is often quite and populated with people studying. All and all this is in my top 3 favorite coffee shops in a madison!!My only suggestion would be if they had customer loyalty stamp cards! That would be great!
4	Good smoothies, nice staff, a decent atmosphere, and decent food make Indie Coffee a good destination in the Regent area.In terms of smoothies, they're good because they're actually smooth and all have a good bit of tang to them that I enjoy. In terms of atmosphere, it's pretty mellow, but has some hints of a music theme going. When you enter, you see some covers to popular albums, although those cuts don't at all say "INDIE" to you. One fun thing I liked is that their drink sizes are in 3 sizes: Wingra, Monona, and Mendota. It's little things like that that give it a good local zest. In terms of food, I can't say anything about their waffles, but that's just because i'm not a waffle guy and haven't had them. But i've had several of their sandwiches. The honey/fig/goat cheese is good if you have a bit of a sweet tooth. The pesto egg focaccia, grilled cheese bagel, and veggie cheese focaccia are all also good choices. They're all pretty reasonably priced too, at just $5-7. I would recommend against the mediterranean wrap however. That one is just incredibly soggy and messy, and the hummus they use in it is a bit disappointing.And one final note: They have an outdoor area in the back when weather permits, and it's usually nice. However, the last time I ate outside there, there were bees hanging about, and they were REALLY attracted to the honey/fig/goat cheese sandwich I ordered. Pretty unpleasant, but i'm sure this isn't a frequent occurrence there.
5	I've now gotten waffles AND bagels AND different drinks. I love them all. There's always lots of flavor packed in, and you get a good amount of food too! Reasonable prices and super friendly staff make this place an A+ in my book.
5	Cute place, good coffee, wish we would have tried some of the eats because they looked and smelled awesome. Just an excuse to come back.
