3	Was finally approved for a MRI at Las Vegas Radiology, the only MRI/radiology provider approved by Culinary Insurance.  This is one of their 5 Las Vegas offices.Scheduling an appointment was almost a smooth process, except on the first try it took about 5 minutes of being on hold and waiting for the "scheduler" to answer, before I hung up and tried again.  The second try went much smoother, and an appointment was booked at their SW location (8530 W Sunset Rd), which happens to have the strongest magnet for even better imaging.Even though I scheduled an appointment for the very next day, they still called several times to try and confirm my appointment.Their Sunset location is in the Durango Medical Plaza building, which is a 77,750 square foot, class A medical office building located inside the I-215 Beltway curve.  Once you arrived at the radiology office,you have to see a nurse/admin person to fill out a bunch of forms.  Then wait to be escorted in to a changing/locker room, where you change into this XXXL hospital gown and stow away your belongings, before being directed to one of the Siemens MRI machines to do your MRI scan.  My took about 20 or so minutes, but the length of time will depend upon the MRI scan that is tobe performed.  After that you wait 2+ days to have the images processed by the medical staff at UCSD and the results forwarded to your physican.Overall I have had a positive experience at this location. And would recommend this facility to others that needs to get an MRI or other services offered at this medical office.
1	I went to the Smoke Ranch location. I should have run the other way when the check-in receptionist asked me if I wanted to pay up front or be billed. I have insurance so I asked how much. I was told about $150 so I said "bill me." So far I've paid them around $300 and I may be on the hook for another $800. Not bad considering I have a $20 co-pay. The insurance billing says I saw a Dr. Bhuvana P. Kittusamy but I never saw this person, just some nurses and technicians. My bad I guess but you can be sure I'll never agree to any other medical procedure until I know exactly how much it's going to cost me up front and in writing. I feel ripped off by this place and by my doctor.
3	Without revealing too much info, I would say my experience at Las Vegas Radiology was average.Positives:- the facility is very clean- Jenny, who is the ultrasound technician, is very nice and friendly! She explains everything well and will answer any questions that you have. Best of all, she made me feel comfortable in a stressful situation. Negatives:- long wait times. They tell you to check in 30 minutes before your appointment time, but you will end up waiting at least an hour.- they cancelled one of my appointments and did not have the courtesy to call me in a timely matter. When I originally scheduled my appointment, the person I spoke to told me that if I needed to cancel, I would have to call 24 hours ahead of time. Well, you would think that if they needed to cancel on their end, they should at least let patients know 24 hours ahead of time as well! My appointment was at 8am and they called me around 6pm the day before. Really?!?!- If they say that your test results will be available in 2 days, it really means 4 days. - I asked them to send my test results to 3 different doctors, twice, and only one of my doctors received it.- they got me confused with another patient and told me that my insurance denied something that I was supposed to have done, so I left. A few minutes later, one of the front desk employees called me back, apologized, and asked me to come back. Luckily, my husband and I didn't drive too far and we were still in the area. How embarrassing for them, that is just unacceptable!I know that this is their newer location. Hopefully they will learn to be more professional and organized in order to provide better services for their patients.
5	I didn't have any problems.They called and  scheduled the appointment, I got it for the next day. Later that day they called to confirm. Great, things changed a bit. I kept it anyways, timing was going to be tight.  I was actually late. They were okay with it. The women at the front desk was easy to talk to.  I asked them if I could listen to music while I do the test. They said yes. I wish I asked them if I could play my own music. Oh well. She (Aimee) made sure I was comfortable, and  put a blanket on me after told her I was cold. Aimee explained everything to me along the way and knew what she was doing.It was quick too. I hope billing won't have any issues. **I won't go to Steinberg, unemphatic and rude!
2	My referring doctor sent me here to get an X-Ray, but she told me if I just walked in, they would squeeze me in. Well when I walked in I was immediately greeted and within twenty minutes, I had filled out the paperwork and paid with my co-pay. I was told I would be seen within twenty minutes.An hour passed. The lady who had checked me in was surprised and asked if I had been seen yet. (No, I just come here to watch Ellen and drink water) She came back to tell me they would see me within twenty minutes. I heard that before.When the same lady came back from her lunch an hour later, she was again surprised. She told me I would be seen within twenty minutes, but I figured if I wasn't, I would find an X-Ray machine and do it by myself. This time I was actually seen, but I was in and out within 5 minutes for the X-Ray itself. But the two and a half hours will have me begging for another radiology center in the future, because that was ridiculous. Beliee it or not, friendly staff. But unorganized and ignorant in their work.
1	I have had two experiences at this establishment and they were both very unsatisfactory.  In both cases it was a result of poor management and not the care given.First time I waited two hours past appointment time only to find out the person who did the procedure had not come in and they were trying to find someone else to do it.  Unfortunately they did not think it important to tell me, the customer so that I had an option of waiting around until they found someone or rescheduling.  I had to ask what was going on...there was no attempt to proactively inform me.Today I went in at 8:00 for an 8:15 appointment.  At 8:45 I told them to cancel that I was leaving.  That got their attention and they saw me right away.  Unfortunately that didn't help the other people waiting in the lobby.  I was then told the technicians don't even come in until 8:30....so why was I there at 8:00?  Spoke to the office manager but I am sure it went right in one ear and out the other.  I was supposed to have another appointment there tomorrow but I have cancelled and will reschedule with a company that has respect for the time of the customer.
1	I was referred here from my doctor. I had kidney stones and they told me to go get my xray work done here and said they have an opening so if I rush I can make it. I arrived 15 mins before my scheduled time, I was not acknowledged when I walked in. I had to get their attention 10 mins after entering. The two girls were busy speaking with each other and stated they never saw me walk in. I waited two hours! to be taken to that back and get scanned that took 5 mins. I really do not understand why i waited so long for such a small and short scan.
1	My mom had a appointment at 1:30 and they made us wait over an hour just to go in.....we will never go back again ..the staff was so lazy and mean and kept saying another few minutes ...Minutes turned 10 then 30 minutes and then over an hour .
