5	From the delicious and creative menu to the exquisite and intricate design to the hot and captivating entertainment, the Cultured Pearl is Scottsdale's answer for the grown and sexy to mix, mingle or just chill.
5	Awesomeness!  Fantastic menu and great atmosphere.  Super energy and food is to die for.
5	Great new restaurant / social club with great food and fun. You have to check this out
5	We had a table of 20 come in for my friends birthday, I made the reservation the day prior and they were very friendly about it. The day of I got a call a couple hours before asking if we wanted to start with any food so it could be ready when we got there... I thought that was very awesome of them even though I declined the offer... When we got there they sat our group around the piano, a little awkward seating for 20 just because everyone was sitting apart but we dealt with it fine. The service was awesome and the wait staff was more than patient and friendly. They even honored coupons we had from the website which was great... I love that they kept some of the original sushi rolls on the menu... There was a singer there and she was great I believe her name was Vanessa she entertained the entire group! Overall we had a great experience. Even though I love the laid back style of the old Pearl... I'll take the better service... I hope this place doesn't let there standards drop because I know my friends and I have and had bitter experiences at the old Pearl and we've walked out because of horrible service a couple times. but yeah keep it up guys! #EndRant
5	Cultured Pearl is a huge step up from Pearl. It is classy and cool. The staff is amazing and the food and drinks are the classics with a new twist. Love the live band.
5	I wasn't a fan of the pearl before but I love this place now. So classy and it's a great set up. They also have live music pretty much every night and the band tonight was a great jazz band.
5	We were a group of about 10 women in for a Bachelorette Party this past weekend.  Our experience was great! The food was fantastic, we were all so happy to have the Sunset Strip (our favorite Pearl sushi roll). It was delicious!! The calamari was fantastic as well. The service was nice. And the music was great. It was a little loud for dinner, maybe next time we will request a table a little further away from the band. Well done, Cultured Pearl! We will be back :)
4	What a great place! I love the atmosphere, I love the ambience, I love everything about this place. This place is just too cute. Very romantic as well, The way the setup is. And what?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? There's live music playing while eating sushi? The guy on the piano was amazing.My waiter was so patient with me, of course I had millions of questions about the vegetarian menu, and what was good, what was his recommendation. And what was his favorite. All the above. Etc. Haha.. I ordered the hamatchi popper and the rice crispy rolls.( Of course vegetarian) it was delicious!!!!!! The sauce on the Hamatchi was delightful, if you love spicy. GET IT!!!! and the flavor on par! The presentation... O_O it was too pretty to eat. Haha :) and the rice crispy, it speaks for itself. It was nice crispy. Haha ;DOverall. This place was exquisite. I would definitely dress up and have date night here. Even though it says casual. The menu had a great selection and the price was reasonable. Everything was wonderful. The reason why I gave it a four star because we ordered the edamame....... and it came out last. Instead of a starter. Booo.. I was so full then. :( it's okay. I still love it. I'll be back for sure!!!! :D
4	I bookmarked this place and have really been wanting to try it. Last time I was here it was only called Pearl and was completely different. I loved it! I ordered the Rice Krispy roll. If I remember correctly, it comes with cream cheese, avocado, eel sauce, and salmon I believe. For drinks, I ordered the Hibiscus Cosmo. It comes with vodka, sake, and a hibiscus syrup that makes it very flavorful. The best thing about this place was the ambiance. You walk in and you get the elegant, classy feel to it. The way they have it set up, there's a piano right in the middle,  and tables all around the room. The guy who played the piano was amazing. It's such a great date spot AND they also have happy hour! Our waiter was great, sociable, friendly and very knowledgeable. I'll definitely be back!
2	It is trendy and the music is good, but I found the menu to be limited and overpriced. It is okay, but I have had better sushi at two-thirds the price.
