5	The three people that I had contact with in this store were amazing . I had to stop at customer service for a wedding registration list and the girl was very pleasant and helpful, then looking for an item the girl on the sales floor went out of her way to help,and the cashier was again very helpful and pleasant . In a world where customer service is at the lowest concern for anyone including people who control and manage this . I have got to hand it to this store because for once I actually left a store with a good feeling. Way to go now if they could get this to catch on
5	Very friendly staff here! I spent about 30 minutes here today, and had interactions with the floor staff, cashier and manager, Ashleigh, who greeted me with a smile and great service.
1	I can't believe this still happens in this day and age,but I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  My close friend, who happens to be trans but dresses and presents main stream - no weird hair colors, tattoos, provocative dress, etc., was informed by a staff member after he asked for help that "his kind isn't wanted here." He's going to go and talk to management today and I'll be contacting corporate on this one, but until the employee is gone I will not be shopping here again!
4	This place is pretty darn big, as it is...yet packs even more into the space....the clown car of home decor, kitchen ware, and bath goods?Honestly, it is dangerous for the bank account....I only try to go when I have a list...and then force myself to stick to it...  There is ALWAYS something cool to buy here!  Bathroom mirrors?  Check, done that....cook ware, yep...awesome bamboo cutting boards?  Yep.My only real complaints are, first sometimes it can be hard to find help.  Second...the aisles are pretty crowded and narrow....it's very easy to smash things with your cart.hint:  Don't bring kids here people.  No, don't get me wrong, I have kids of my own and adore children.  But here?  really?  This, along with Blain's Farm & Fleet, is the adult version of toys-r-us.  Come here to enjoy your grownup self and waste way too much time drooling over things you shouldn't buy....
2	My husband went into Bed Bath & Beyond with one simple goal this evening - buy a new vacuum. He had it all picked out and had his coupon ready.  In his words, this was the worst experience he has ever had at a BB&B and "maybe ever in a retail store."  While I know Yelp encourages people to write about their own personal experiences, my husband does not have a Yelp account and asked me to write this for him. His complaints:1. The aisles are too narrow to get a cart down.  The vacuums were located at the end of a section that was not reachable by cart. A vacuum is a pretty big item that one would need a cart for, so instead he had to carry it down to the end of the aisle. Not a huge deal but still a pain.2. In addition to the aisles being too narrow, there were "things" on the ground and in the way in many of them - display models, etc. It didn't seem as though they were in transition and the items were there temporarily as they moved things around - they were just in the way.3. When it was time to check out, the two women at the check out were so busy talking to each other that they did not have time to acknowledge that there was a customer. They could see that there was a person in line, but still stood there finishing their own conversation before helping him. 4. There was no pen to sign for a credit card purchase. Silly, but...it's a store. Where people use credit cards all day long. Shouldn't a pen be readily accessible?5. The entire walkway from the register to the exit was blocked with shopping carts. My husband had to push them all out the way to get out of the store.6. And finally, after all of this, the check out person forgot to take the security tag off of our new vacuum, so the alarm went off, and he had to wait there until they fixed the situation. He was not pleased.This is a bummer to me, as I have always enjoyed shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond. I can only hope the next time we stop by the store we have a more positive experience, and I can come back and update the review!! :)
