4	We decided to try something different and found Cuba Cafe through the internet. To our surprise, cuban food was pretty good. My husband ordered a salmon with diced mango. Very yummy. I ordered chicken marinated with lime, butter and onion. Not bad. You will love their lightly toasted bread! Cant stop eating these bread and keep asking for another round of bread. :)
4	Cuban cuisine is known for its awesome sandwiches and this place doesn't disappoint!  The bread is made fresh and will literally melt in your mouth.  If you don't feel like sandwiches, there's plenty of other things to order like the mango salmon and lemon-cilantro mahi mahi; and you can ask for some free bread or banana chips to go along with your entree.The restaurant has a real "hole in the wall" feeling which I love; great photos hanging on the wall and a beautiful dim setting with the sun light peering through the windows.The only complaint I have is that the steak can be a little bit on the tough side.
3	It feels like your typical local diner but with cuban food.  I've never eaten cuban food before so I was excited to try it out.  I decided to get a sandwich... hmph!  What a waste of an experience because I could've gotten a sandwich anywhere else.  There was really nothing exciting about the sandwich that is supposed to be popular here.  I guess I was trying to be safe when I shouldn't have.  I'm normally the resque adventurous one when it comes to ordering food.  I have to go back and try out something else that actually involves their rice and meat.  The service was good, the lady was attentive to us and seemed pleasant.  The bill isn't bad and that's what I like about this place.  But, I have to go for 2nd round sometime this week to try something better.
4	Love their pan con bistec sandwich. Friendly service. Price is pretty good too.
3	Make it a 3 plus, actually.  I had a Cuban sandwich (roast pork, ham, swiss cheese and pickles on a roll) and a mamey milkshake.  The sandwich tasted homemade--like something my grandmother might have made (even though she was English, not Cuban), with tender, well-done roast pork.  The mamey shake was a little bland, but never having had mamey before, I had to try it.  I assume that's the way mamey is, and it was soothing and cooling, so the bland wasn't a total negative.  Think sort of an apricot-peach-tropical shake that is meant to be good for you, and you have an idea how it tastes.  Service was fine, but I was the only customer in the place.  I'd try this place a second time when I have a bigger appetite.
4	I've only had Cuban a few times, but I really liked the food here. I find the food on the bland side compared to some other cuisines, but very good. We had the Plantanos Maduros $2.50 (sweet bananas), fried perfectly, and yummy. We had sandwiches, Chicken Chipolte $7.95, which wasn't very hot or spicy, but still very good. The bread is flattened and grilled crisp with mayo, lettuce and tomato. The Chicken sandwich $7.50, is marinated and mild tasting. I liked the decor, especially the wine corks in the ceiling.
4	I've only been here once, but the cuban sandwhich I ordered was great.  We went during the lunch hour and there were only a few people there so that was nice.  My star deduction is for the canned soda, seriously, how much does it cost to buy a flippin soda fountain?!!?!?  Pony up!
5	I've only gone here for lunch.  My favorite things are the croquette sandwich, the fried bananas, and the lemonade.  The croquette sandwich reminds me of corned beef hash (like what you would eat for breakfast) only much better.  I haven't figured out how the lemonade is different, but it's excellent.  I like the cubano sandwich also, but I prefer the croquette.
3	Cuba Cafe is okay, but nothing too special.  I come to Cuba Cafe simply for their sandwiches.  Cuban sandwiches are cheap and, almost always good.  I usually get the Pan con Bistec (steak sandwich) or the Pan con Lechon (roasted pork sandwich).  While I have had much better of both, the other Cuban restaurants in town are so mediocre that I settle for Cuba Cafe.  Make sure you ask for a side of mojo or any sauce they have with the sandwiches.  They are rather dry otherwise.  The empanadas are one of the high points for Cuba Cafe, as well as the croquetas.  Both are a little more expensive than I'd like to pay, but are good nonetheless.  Also get an Iron Beer while you're here.  It's not beer, it's a Cuban soda.  This restaurant probably would only get 2 stars, but it's much better than the other Cuban restaurants I've been to in town.
4	I had no idea what I wanted for lunch so I found Cuba Cafe on Yelp. It's located east of the strip and is a small hole in the wall. The interior is decorated nicely inside and noticed several patrons were speaking Cuban. My waitress was super friendly and she brought me hot butter toasted bread that was soo good.  I ordered the Lechon asado which is marinated roasted leg of pork topped with fresh garlic, olive oil, lime mojo and served with Moros & Cristianos. The pork was so tender I could cut if with my fork and salad and rice was also delicious too! The portion was large see my pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=2xIXjVjc0ZcxnnPpbblyNA: My food arrived quickly and the place is very clean. Water here is filtered which is a  plus by my standards.
3	Even though I'm rating it 3 stars, I've been here about 14 times, so I dunno what that means lol.I always say I'm gonna try something else, but I've only ordered the Pan Con Bistec sandwich because even if it's an "off day", it just tastes SO goood mmm mm. The last few times I've been there though, the sandwich has been made to perfection...i definitely need to find out who the chef is. Moist juicy steak seasoned to amazingness. If you want the free bread you have to ask for it if you get a sandwich. A side of beans a rice is always complimentary. The platanos are O-kay. I got them once and never ordered them again.Service is usually friendly, a little slow sometimes though.Is this the most contradictory review ever? Haha.They also have a patio if you're interested.
4	Camarones al mango. Cuban sandwich. Cold sliced pork with lemon, garlic, olive oil. So stuffed and satisfied. Don't be deceived by the outside of this restaurant. It's really cute inside and the food is yummy. Cuban sandwich was enough for two meals for me. Camarones were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The cold sliced pork was a little too slimy for me. But that's okay... I'll go back again and order something else.The inside dining room isn't very big but I think it'd make a great private party venue for a group less than 25.
4	I love this place.I found it while going to college in Las Vegas, and still try to stop in every time I am in town. I have also dragged, my brother, my parents and countless friends here. I think the food is amazing. I have tried almost everything on the menu at one point of another. The rice and seafood has been a favorite dish my last couple of trips. Great Cuban sandwich. The bread is perfect...buttery with a hint of sweetness. Melts in your mouth.The staff is a nice couple from Cuba and the restaurant is very cute and quaint. Definitely qualifies as a "hole-in-the-wall".
3	Cuba cafe gets 4 stars for existing close enough to the house to provide a cuban sandwich but overall this is an "A-OK" type place. Might not be worth a long trip, but if you are in the neighborhood this is the option you have for Cuban. The interior is remodeled, so for those of you who care about atmosphere you can wiggle your toes from excitement.I just have tried the cubano sandwich so far, and it was pretty tasty. The bread was nice and soft and generously buttered. The pork was pretty good, and the sandwich was overall very satisfying. The only thing I was wishing for was a little more flavor. The mojo served alongside our yucca was delicious, and my sandwich was supposed to have some too but I couldn't taste it. The swiss cheese wasn't swissy enough, you dig?Our service was good: our server kept our drinks refilled, no complaints. Browsing the rest of the menu there are a few things I am looking forward to trying, the lechon asado being next on the list.
3	Gotta get my Cuban food fix- very cute place off the strip...Lichen Asado, tops Vieja, pollo tequila & rice y beans, plantains y yucca mojovery much ok
4	I absolutely love their Ropa Vieja also known as "old clothes."  Thinking about the aromatic blend of spices combined with the shredded beef  that's been simmered to perfection is making my mouth water right now!  Very reasonable prices and a nice tapas selection as well.  Cuba Cafe is a great place to go eat if you want to avoid the high prices and obnoxious crowds down on the Strip.
1	GREAT FOOD, BAD SERVICE.. i love their food, but they definitely won't be getting another dime from me because their service sucks.. if you don't speak Spanish, they don't bother with you.. i rather spend my money & refer people to FLORIDA CAFE on las vegas blvd.. the best staff and food!! dont waste your money here...
5	I was a tourist trying to save a buck with discount gift certificates.  It was a hole in the wall joint that looked like an episode of Kitchen nightmares on the outside.  My life was changed forever.I have only ever eaten Cuban food in the kitchen of my friends.  This was even more amazing (and to beat out my friend's mom's empanadas, you have GOT to be good).  We went twice in a week and tried to bribe the people at the restaurant to move the entire establishment to DC.  Alas, they did not come back with us.  Great food.  Cheap.  Cute little quirky joint.  I miss you Cuba Cafe.  Sniffle.
4	Small and unassuming, nestled in a strip mall on Tropicana, one of the best home-cooked (or at least, that's how it feels) meals in Las Vegas. A friend found this place here on Yelp.That was 8 months ago. I am here so often, I am surprised I don't have a name tag. The lamb chops alone will have me stopping there for dinner on the way home from work. Add the mariquitas con mojo and an avocado salad and I am a happy diner. I am told the bread is absolutely perfect (I can't eat it, but watch it devoured every time I take anyone with me).Proteins are always tender and, depending on the dish, cooked to order. The salads are fresh (I might suggest a little more balsamic on the caprese and avocado salads), the flavors are deep and so complicated as to seem simple... spot on. The latin-caribbean blend of flavors is nothing found in a spice jar and the care they put into their food is readily apparent. Sometimes the dishes can come out a little slowly... but when you bite into it, you find it's worth it. Nothing assembly line here. FYI: The mozzarella and peppers salad is a caprese salad... sub sweet red peppers for the usual tomatoes. I tried this on Sunday and I have a new favorite way to eat a caprese. A great, flavorful twist on a simple staple.Everyone is ready with a smile and happy to offer assistance in making choices or - sometimes unavoidable - substitutions. (Try not to, if you can, and trust this family to feed you well.) The menu is broad and will cater to almost any palette, and the specials change all the time so that they can offer you something new and tasty to keep you coming back.Easy on the pocketbook (sign up for their email specials and find them on Restaurant.com), always tasty, and friendly to boot, how could this not be a favorite?Limited beer and wine (for those cocktailers out there)... though I would LOVE to see them broaden that and start offering a mojito or three. ;)
3	I wish I had paid more attention to the area around UNLV while I was attending school. The diversity of cuisines are a bit awe inspiring even though some might sound better than they really are. Cuba Cafe is at street view, but at night does not stand out because this area is poorly lit. The restaurant is accessible through a gated patio area and the inside has less than ten tables. The quaint shop is intimate and quiet with low level Spanish music playing. Came here with a few friends around 8:30pm and the restaurant was steady, but emptying out. We were greeted promptly with menus and our drink orders were taken. The waitress was quick to try and take our order, but we were still deciding. After some time, Jason B. ordered the pan con bistec. A thin cut beef sandwich served on grilled Cuban bread with lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, and potato strings. At $7.50, it was not a bad deal. There wasn't very much meat, but it was tender. If you are looking for a thick American style steak, this is not the sandwich for you. It was tasty and the flavors were not leaning towards any extremes. Another friend and I shared the tasting plate and an order of the yuca al mojo o frita. We were warned that the tasting plate was small and might not be enough for the two of us. If it wasn't so late, or if I was really hungry, I would understand why, but neither of us were looking for a full meal. The sampling of pork, beef, chicken, mixed rice and black beans, fried plantains, and salad was enough to satisfy. The two slices of lechon asado were tender and moist. The pollo tequila was ok, but nothing special. The ropa vieja was the stand out dish. It was flavorful without being overbearing and went well with the rice. The plantains were crispy at the edges, soft and moist on the inside, sweet, but came in three small pieces. At $14.95, if you are super hungry, it would be upsetting to see. The yuca were probably my favorite part of the whole meal. A strong garlic flavor was present in every bite while the flesh of the tuber was soft, moist, and picked up the essence of the olive oil. Overall I found elements of each dish that I liked, but as a whole it was mediocre. I would come again because I did not get a chance to scout out the arroz con pollo.
5	Random meeting up with friends and found this magical joint when our original restaurant was closed for Sunday.From the outside this cafe looks like a ghetto bail bonds fast food take out.  But when you walk into the cafe you smell the amazing food and the decor is a cafe in Cuba.  At 2:00pm on a sunday this place was buzzing with people.  I ordered the picture on the front page of the menu.  Some kind of roast pork.  My girl friend and her boy friend ordered the tasting plate to share and got a side of the Lamb appetizers.  The bread is buttered and crunchy.  My fav!  My Pork meal was delicious!  The meat was tender and juicy.  Full of flavor.  Comes with rice and beans and a side salad.  The tasting plate was pretty good.  Comes with the pork also and two other meats, rice&beans, salad, and plantain.  The Lamb chops (2 pieces) was what stole the show.  We ordered medium and it came medium rare.  How lamb so be.  Flavor again was out of this world.  Lamb is my favorite thing to order but also the hardest thing to get right.  They lamb is great.  5 stars!Service is friendly and warm.  Lunch for 3 $43+tax and tip...$54
4	I read some of the mediocre reviews on this place and I must say I'm stunned. I can't help but feel that these reviews came from yelpers who aren't too knowledgeable on Cuban food or really appreciate it.... at the risk of sounding opinionated... this place is above mediocre and I have pretty high standards with Cuban food coming from NYC area ;). If it's your first time trying Cuban food, I definitely recommend their tasting plate. Comes with a little bit of everything. Food is fresh, flavorful, and filling. Service was friendly and the environment felt more intimate than American restaurants.... almost like dining in a private room with your close and extended family members. The workers are very patient and helpful with whatever alterations and/or questions you may have. If you don't want to spend $$$ on lamb, they have the appetizer portion, which was perfect to have on the side of our tasting plate. All of the meat is incredibly tender! My friend from LA said that it was the best Cuban restaurant she's ever been to... and we will definitely be going back.
1	Where do I begin? I live in hendo and my bf has been dying to go here for almost 2 years. But as the story goes by the time we'd remember it or see it, we'd already eaten. So finally yesterday afternoon after picking him up from the airport his we saw it... like a beacon in the night! CUBA CAFE! He was soooo excited. Finally! he was getting to eat at the place he'd wanted to eat @ for SO Long!We walked in, very small - feels like you're in someone's living room its that small. Purple, pink, blue and green walls. about 4 tables - pretty much slow looking. Perfect. He ordered some kinda Cuban Pasta dish. I ordered the classic cuban sandwich since I was pretty hungry I didn't want to order anything that was too complicated or took too long to cook. It was about 820 pm. JUST BREAD AND WATER: We got our water, free circle cuban bread - pretty good but I didnt want to fill up on bread b/c my sandwich had bread and i"m trying not to eat carbs for dinner.. only for brkfast or lunch.  So we wait and we wait. and WAIT. and wait some more. OTHER TABLES: A couple comes in. They sit. They order, they drink. they eat. They finish and they leave. Sitting right next to us mind you. . The 2nd couple comes in - they sit, they order, they're eating... Then the 3rd guy.  a lone ranger guy comes in and orders an appetizer but doesnt eat it.. They i see a plate coming out thinking ooh its finally us.. nope it goes to appetizer guy who has a full plate of appetizer and ISNT EATING IT.. get's a 2ND PLATE!!!then it happened... THE CAMEL. THE STRAW.  IT BROKE. My Bf and I shot up simutaneously. That was it. That finally did it. ARe you FREAKING KIDDING ME??  3 tables that walked in AFTER US were already eating. and it wasnt like we got there at the same time. Lone ranger guy walked in a good 25 min. after we got there. after 45 we had flipped a coin to decide if we stayed or left. Eventhough "leaving" won the coin toss I decided I was hungry and we'd already waited this long, I felt bad that the food was in preperation, how do you leave? Do we just ask how long? Do we politely tell them to withdraw the order? Do we just bail? What's the protocol? I'd never waited that long in such an empty restaurant. But the second lone ranger got his appetizer and his dinner and the couple that walked in 15 min. after us had come, eaten and left 10 min. ago.. and yet another couple was already eating their dinner too.. was just oo much to bear. We asked our spanish only speaking server what did we owe her for the bread and water - she asked if we didn want our order? my bf told her in spanish (beware if you dont speak spanish...this could pose a problem during ordering as it did for me) we've already waited for an hour for our food. She said well pasta takes a long time - really? at my house the box says 10-11 minutes once the water is boiling. and even LESS if the pasta is fresh made which I doubt is the case. Over an hr and change for pasta and a sandwich (your most popular dish on the menu) POR FAVOR. Never again Cuba Cafe.. next time I want Cuban I'm going to try some place else. We drove down the street to Sushi Twister. sat ordered, ate and left all totalling a whopping 45 minutes. chickn teriyaki, salad, miso soup, salad, 8 pc california roll and 2 shrimp tempura - all in less than 45 min. Now that's good food and great service! see my review of them ! :)
4	I had been driving around looking for a Thai Restaurant for about an hour when I noticed the one next door to the Cuba Cafe.  One glance and I knew that I would skip the Thai and come here instead!  It's small, but it's a family owned and operated place where everyone is happy and friendly, the service was GREAT for me, and the food was delicious and at a VERY REASONABLE PRICE!  I had a daily special of a tilapia dish with almond sauce served with a salad and Cuban rice, dessert of a wonderful flan, and a beer for $20!  I'LL COME RUNNING BACK, with friends in tow, if possible.
4	Went for a quick lunch and was quite impressed. Food seemed like "fancy" Cuban. My husband had the tilapia special with an almond sauce and it was very fresh no fishy taste or smell. He loved it. I had the steak sandwich. It was tasty but didn't feel "special" next time I will get a regular Cuban dinner.  Very friendly service. The bread was excellent - a little too good I certainly overloaded on carbs!  Nice atmosphere clean restaurant.Update: I have now eaten a variety of the regular Cuban Dinners and they are fantastic.  The empanada appetizer is also mighty tasty.  The tasting plate dinner has a nice variety of ropa vieja, pork, and tequila chicken if you are not sure what to order.
5	Quaint. Great place to go to when you get tired of the busy, fancy, expensive Strip. Small, quiet, clean place, with free parking on site. A busline runs on the street right across. They have a little outdoor sitting area. We went one evening in mid February. They play soft Cuban music inside. Candles on the table. We were attended to and food served just in time. The staff have Spanish/Cuban accent, dressed simply but appropriately. Food was superb, even better than a Cuban place we went to in Manhattan. Big portions. Inexpensive for what it is. We loved it. We will go back to LV just to eat here again. Highly recommended if you like Cuban cuisine, and a place simple and quaint.
4	Drove by accident on vacation and saw this place, and I don't typically see too many Cuban places in Vegas. The yuca mojo was delicious and not dry at all, with this great garlic sauce that didn't overpower the yuca but allowed you to enjoy the taste of yuca. The avocado salad was excellent. Croquettes pretty crispy and plump. The papa rellena was one of my favorites but I think the ultimate was their empandas. There were crispy, not greasy, and really packed in with meat, there were just like my home made memories but even better. My only complaint was that this place is awfully pricy compared to cuban places in LA, it cost almost $60 for the two of us for lunch! I mean its good but now you are just milkin the tourists.
4	We used a certificate from Restaurant.com to try this restaurant and I must say, "its a keeper!"  We;ll definantly go back!We ordered the Plantain Chips with Garlic Sauce, Tasting Plate and the special, Tilapia Almondine.  All were very, very good.  The service was good and the waitress was very pleasant and attentive.  The restaurant is very clean and they were playing great Latin music.
5	Well as you may or may not know, I am always in search of the perfect Cuban sandwich. This place is it. While cursing down Tropicana Ave. in Vegas, I said look Cuban! We U turned and went in a well worn strip of shops and entered a new world. So clean, nice, well setup, linen, the works! and the waitress was very friendly and optimally attentive. The chicken soup with the squeeze of lime was oh so tasty. The Empanada was hot and fresh and flaky crusted and had a wonderful filling. The Cuban Sandwich was Swiss cheesy  wonderful and the pork was perfection (are you getting the idea I liked this place?). Go and enjoy, I know I will be coming back! Oh Yes, and the prices are so low! Impressed me big time. Great value and flavor and service. That is what we all want!
5	Well as you may or may not know, I am always in search of the perfect Cuban sandwich. This place is it. While cruising down Tropicana Ave. in Vegas, I said look Cuban! We U turned and went in a well worn strip of shops and entered a new world. So clean, nice, well setup, linen, the works! and the waitress was very friendly and optimally attentive. The chicken soup with the squeeze of lime was oh so tasty. The Empanada was hot and fresh and flaky crusted and had a wonderful filling. The Cuban Sandwich was Swiss cheesy  wonderful and the pork was perfection (are you getting the idea I liked this place?). Go and enjoy, I know I will be coming back! Oh Yes, and the prices are so low! Impressed me big time. Great value and flavor and service. That is what we all want!
3	Sorry Cuba Cafe, you let me down. After experiencing Cuban food in Miami I was ecstatic to see there was authentic Cuban food in Vegas that actually had good reviews. I was so excited to reminisce on my Cuban favorites. The place itself is VERY small. I would say 10 tables max. When we walked in, there was a table of 7 or 8 people and the empty tables were all missing chairs due to the shortage. Apparently this place isn't used to large parties. Thankfully there were 3 chairs left to make us a table. Their menu isn't HUGE but has most of the Cuban staples. Ropa Vieja was a must for me. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I even make it myself, however today was a day I would like to spend away from the kitchen.We ordered the avocado salad and lamb chops to start. The avocado salad is basically just an avocado cut in slices and nicely arranged around a small cabbage and tomato salad. The avocados were tasty and soft but the salad in the middle lacked some flavor. I threw some salt on the avos and ate just them. The lamb chops (from what I heard) were very good. I don't eat lamb so I can't elaborate on this.For entrees we ordered the ropa vieja (appetizer portion), a side of rice to sop up all the juicy goodness that comes with ropa (more on this later), a rack of lamb and the tasting platter, which consisted of ropa, a chicken dish and a pork dish. When the ropa came out, there was NO JUICE! :( I was disappointed to say the least. Every time I have made this or had this the beef was always swimming in that tasty juice. Because of this the ropa was pretty dry. The flavor was good but because of the lack of moisture I couldn't even eat it with the rice. The lamb chops (again from what I heard) were good. The spinach that comes with them, although good, had no real flavor. It needed some garlic or other flavoring. The tasting platter was good as well. The pork was fork tender, the chicken was spicy (just as my friend had ordered it), however she too stated the ropa was a little dry for her taste. For dessert we ordered tres leches, flan and guava with cream cheese. The tres leches tasted like store bought pound cake that had been soaked in milk. The flan actually tasted more like tres leches than the real thing. I am not a flan fan because of its texture but this was a little stiffer and more like a cheesecake. The guava with cream cheese was swimming in a sweet sauce and not what I was used to. I am not familiar with the authentic presentation of this dish, however when I dined in little cuba in Tampa, it was always served as a slice of guava paste topped with cream cheese. This was more of a runny paste soaked in simple syrup topped with a line of cream cheese.All in all the experience wasn't horrible, however I would not go back. They messed up on the bill and overcharged us, and then when it was corrected the total was still the same. I was not going to argue over $10 so we just ignored it. The bread they give you in very good and with a $25 Restaurant.com gift certificate it was worth the try. I guess I will be searching for more Cuban restaurants in the very near future!
3	I order the cuban sandwich and the pan con bistec. The sandwiches were kind of dry and needed a little bit more sauce. The fried bananas with garlic sauce on the other hand were unique and tasty.
4	OMG!!! MMM MMM MMM MMM This place was the best meal my friends and I had during our whole Vegas trip! (a sad statement) This was our first time here and I am going to make it a regular stop on all my Vegas trips! The staff is super attentive and the food... I am still dreaming about it!! I had the fried pork with onions and moros y cristianos... man were they on point!  Oh and the toasted butter bread... I had to ask for another order!!! I cannot wait to go back to this place in May!!!
5	What an amazing find!!! You would never expect such great food in a strip mall. This gem really deserves to be on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. This is the best Cuban food I have had since I left NYC in 1990. I will come back each time I am in Vegas!
5	After a week of the vegas strip I was ready for a change.  Somebody recommended Cuban coffee so I got out my handy Yelp, and see what I could find. This place is nowhere near the strip but well worth it.  Good food, friendly staff, on a very decent budget.  I tried the sampler platter and it was very good.  My first 5 stars.
4	the Cuba Cafe is now bigger, tougher, stronger, faster!fyi- croquet sandwich... what an awesome creation!
4	Having been born in Cuba, and grew up in the wonderful USA. I have eaten many a Cuban meal. And this place is fantastic if your looking for some Cuban Food
5	Great
4	I recently read a review on Yelp of the Cuba Cafe.  It's been a long time since I had good Cuban food, and I decided to give this place a try.I ordered the tasting plate to get an overall of their food.  The tasting plate consists of three meats--lechon asado, pollo tequilla, and ropa vieja.  The lechon was tender and juicy but I didn't get any of the garlic taste that the menu speaks of under that plate.  The pollo was very good and the sauce on it had a nice kick.  Far and away the best part of the plate was the ropa vieja.  This was juicy, tender, and very flavorful.  Along with the plate was a small salad and some rice and beans, the well known moros y cristianos.  There was a basked of cuban bread with the meal also.For dessert, I had the guava shells with cream cheese.  I had iced tea and it was refilled promptly.  Service was very friendly.  A man and a woman were covering the tables and they worked well in tandem.I really enjoyed Cuba Cafe and will be back with my wife.
5	I've been coming here for years, and so happy for them that they moved into a bigger place- but still in the same shopping center.The pollo and camarones al ajillo are AMAZING. I usually get a pan con bistec at cuban places, but it's dry here so I get the chicken sandwich and it's always juicy and flavorful. Ropa vieja is fantastic, the cuban sandwich is the best we've tried in Vegas (they use tender chunks off the bone instead of slices.) The coffe is INCREDIBLE, as are is the tirmasu. It's cakelike instead of puddingy, just YUM. They also have a vanilla ice cream desert with warm strawberries and cinnamon- not only is it delicious but it's perfect to share on a date.Great food (and iced tea!) and service, definitely treat yourself!
5	This place is awesome. It never disappoints. From the lemonade to the "old dirty clothes!" everything about it screams Habana!
5	The food was great and the service was awsome. It was quite and away from the strip.
3	Pros: singer was very good, waitresses were attentive, food was goodCons: location away from strip but not that far by car at all,  dark area outside by parking area feels unsafe, Sample platter was delicious
5	I have been eating here for years and the food never disappoints.  My favorites are the cuban sandwich, platanos maduros (fried bananas), croquetas(ham and beef croquettes) and carne con papas (tender beef with potatoes).  I usally have a Mamey flavored Batido (cuban style milkshake) with my meal.  Very satisfying.The portions are a good size, the food delicious and the service awesome.GIve them a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Even mom was surprised at how good their Fricase de Pollo, and black beans were - she is a top rated cuban chef.  We have been coming to Vegas for family reunions for longer than I would like to admit, and if you crave good cuban food in a relaxed atmosphere - this is your stop. The service is super friendly, and always very helpful with disabled visitors (mom).  The combo flan/tres leche dessert along with the mamey shake will make you forget about all the cash you have left in Vegas.  I miss their old smaller intimate location, but this new larger location alllows for larger groups.
4	So again following fellow Yelp reviewers you have not led me wrong.  Searching for nearby new places to eat I came along the reviews for here and decided it was time to try some Cuban food.  I have actually pulled into the parking lot thinking about trying this place one other time but didn't so I was happy to give it a shot! Here is a list of what we tried. -For appetizers (Tapas) we had Empanadas de res o pollo beef or chicken we had beef.  As one reviewer before me mentioned it was a work of art it was a light crisp crust with a very flavorful filling I could have just had a few of these for dinner.  -Tamal criollo homemade tamale the masa was a darker color with a bit more flavor then what I have had before it was good however it was a bit dry for my taste.-For dinner we followed other reviewers and tried theTasting plate a combo of Roos Vieja, rich spicy beef simmered with onions and peppers.  Pollo Tequila Mar chicken with herbs and a spicy tequila  sauce.  Lechon Asado marinaded pork in a garlic olive oil this was my favorite it reminded me of a well cooked turkey dinner!  Served with Moros Cristianos a black bean rice good but saved that for lunch because this is a TON of food.   Also served with Maduros ( a fried sweet plantain) All in all the food was good the price was fair for the serving side the ambiance was nice.  It is a busy restaurant a constant flow of people on a Monday night!  The service was good the cooking was a bit on the slow side but like I said they were very busy so I won't fault them for that because they did bring our apps before dinner so we were fine chatting while waited. I am going back for a lunch of a cuban sandwich soon I can't wait to try that.  I also noticed them bringing out to almost every table the Batidos a Cuban milkshake in many flavors I don't quite know how I am going to fit this all into my stomach but I am going to try.
4	Great place, great food. Just like every one says the tasting platter is the best, i loved the chicken and the beef, but the pork was not that good. Other than that the lamb chops were great and the stake sandwich was pretty decent.
3	I love cuban food and everything i've eating at Cuba Cafe is excellent.  The croquettes are great and i'm a big fan of the ropa.  Sometimes the ropa could use a little more time to cook.  The cuban coffee is a nice shot of rocket fuel too.
4	I gave this restaurant five stars before. The only reason I gave it a four star now its because there new bathrooms at the new location needed some attention.  It took longer to get our order this time.  They didn't ask us if we wanted the tab split knowing there were two couples. Made it akward when we had to split the tab.  They need to hire another waitress even though the one they have now is pretty good but she might need some help on the busy hours now.  The food is still the same! WONDERFUL!  Love it.  They did raise a couple dollars here and there but the porpotions where still the same.  We will always hit this restaurant we just hope they keep improving for the better.
1	Was the only white person in there, stared at right away, WHATEVER! my money is jsut as good as the other peoples right?! food was MEH. bread was stale and toasted. not a nice combo. meat wasnt well cut, or seasoned. The fresh flowers were a nice touch, but thats about it.
5	**Summary**       - Authenticity - I've tried about 4 other Cuban places around the valley and I like this one the best. The food has a home cooked feel.       - Quality - Of the couple things I've tried, I couldn't say a bad thing about any of them. The meat was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection.       - Area - The area is not the greatest. It's in a shadier part of town, but the food is well worth the risk.       - Buttered Toasted Bread - They bring you this bread before your meal. It's crazy good and definitely terrible for you (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=qfjltfAcu4Cqwqk6nQi2xg).**Ordered**       - $11.95 Lechon Asado - Leg of pork. It comes with moros (rice/black beans) and their salad. This is my favorite dish (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=1cWPUf5Xc2SiGblokqdwIg).       - $13.95 Ropa Vieja - Shredded marinated beef. It also comes with moros and their salad. Personally, I find the marinate to be too strong, but I prefer a bit more bland than others.       - $14.95 Tasting Plate - Comes with Ropa Vieja, Lechon Asado, and Pollo Tequila with moros, salad, and plantains. If you're unsure what to order, this would be the thing to get. It has their most popular choices all in one plate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyvOW6G2T1fIePvajB4nQ?select=yTPnf0qnrCcXZqoCZQBfAQ#yTPnf0qnrCcXZqoCZQBfAQ).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a delicious Cuban restaurant. Flavorful and makes you feel like you're in Cuba eating it.
5	I've been coming to this restaurant since 2008- I can say I've never had a bad experience or meal. The food has always been consistently delicious, warm, and savory. My nana was Cuban and the food here brings it pretty close to her home cooked meals. The service has always been friendly and the restaurant well kept with a very inviting decor. I've recommended and brought many friends and relatives here and they have all agreed that compared to Versailles or other Cuban restaurants we have been too this is by far the Best. Even my Cuban friends have loved the experience and food here. Today I was back in Vegas and as is usual for me I went in for lunch with a friend who had never had Cuban food. She LOVED IT! The croquetas were delicious, as was my Picadillo (as usual) and the Salmon was exquisite. When we finished our meal we asked we could we go to catch a cab back to the Treasure Island, the waitress offered to call for one. After waiting no more than 5 minutes the owner Sergio- came out to try to flag one down. Since no one was stopping he then went back into the restaurant, grabbed his keys and told us: "follow me ladies I will drive you." NOW THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE! Thank you Sergio for your kindly driving us back to our hotel. We will definitely remain loyal patrons of your restaurant! Love, Angelica & DeeDee
5	Well my pop wanted to take me and my other 1/2 out for dinner.  I was in the mood for something other than the usual American or Chinese, so I chose Cuban and luckily for us Cafe Cuba is right around the corner.  My pop and I have had a lot of Cuban food being from South Florida, but my other 1/2 never had it..   He got Bistec con papas in a delish gravy with white rice as did my pop.  I had wonderful pork with rice and black beans flavored with bacon. Each entree came with a really nice salad with a great dressing.  It also came with fried Cuban bread slices. My other 1/2 had 2 glasses of dark rich Cuban beer and a Cuban coffee to finish the meal.  We all wanted dessert, but had no room. Everything was seasoned perfectly and cooked perfectly as well. My other 1/2 raved to the owner and the chef about the food and sopped up the remaining sauce with a 2nd basket of bread.  Our bill was under $60 and worth every penny.  We will be back soon !!  Ceviche for me next time !
5	Every year we go to Vegas for the holidays, and every year I make it a point to come here.  I have loved everything I have tried, the lechon asado, the bistec, the chicken, and most of all the ropa vieja.  Dishes come with "moros y christianos" the black beans and rice side dish that would be a wonderful meal all by itself.The service is good, attentive but not overbearing, they fill your water or drink glass as needed, gently inquire if everything is satisfactory, and hover in the background waiting to fulfill any need.The buttered toasty bread brought to the table to start is also quite good.For dessert we had the flan, and I was also very happy with that, a perfect creamy, caramel flavor bomb.We have a cuban place in San Diego that I visit, but this one is worth a trip of 300 miles just for the delicious food.
4	On a quick trip to Vegas, we were craving Cuban food.  Cuba Cafe was the closest restaurant to us that had pretty good reviews.  Definitely glad we checked this place out.  The food was great, reasonably priced and very friendly service.  If you're cool with eating at an off-strip location, go to Cuba Cafe.  You won't be disappointed!
5	We drove by the restaurant and decided to stop in for a late lunch with our two daughters. The waitress was very, very friendly and the food came quickly. The complimentary bread was outstanding and better than the bread at other area Cuban restaurants we've dined at recently. My wife had a sampler plate with the ropa vieja, pork, and chicken. I had the Cuban sandwich. This was some of the best Cuban food we've had outside of and including Florida ever. The food was bursting with delicious flavors. It was actually quite unbelievable how good the food was in this restaurant.  I wish we had a Cuban restaurant this great near our home. We intend to return again before our Las Vegas visit is complete. We'll try some of the other local Cuban restaurants, but so far this one trumps Florida Cafe, which was also good, but just not as good.
4	Yummy! I had been sent to a client's office nearby with a coworker and we were desperately searching for something to eat that wasn't on the strip. It was almost empty when I walked in with my coworker - there was only one table and only one other group walked in while we were there. I ordered the lamb chop tapas and platanos maduros, and my coworker ordered the bistec empanizado. The bread basket we got was warm and soft. I actually liked it better when it cooled down a little because the bread got crunchier. It was superrr soft  when we first got it.My lamb chops were good, but not great. There wasn't a crust on it, and it was cooked medium instead of the medium rare I'd ordered it. I loved the plantains. My coworker didn't really like her steak, but that was because she's THE pickiest eater I've ever met and only really likes healthy food. Over the 3 days I spent with, I realized that she's just horrible at ordering. I tried her steak and it was perfectly fine to me. I kind of wanted some ketchup to go with it, but it was pretty much what I expected. Not too greasy and the breading wasn't soggy.
5	Perfection of Cuban cuisine !!
5	This is the best kept secret Las Vegas has to offer at the moment. I am so happy I stumbled upon this place driving in the area to visit an aquarium haha.I ordered the Tasting Plate for $14 which was way more than enough to satiate my craving for meat. Everything was cooked to amazing perfection. The dish included a salad, some rice, three types of meat, and some fried plantains? I gobbled the whole thing up and left very full.With that being said, don't come to this place expecting cool ambiance or stellar service or anything. This is a classic Vegas establishment that you can tell has been there for quite some time. Feels very local. If you are the type of person who thinks food comes first, you'll absolutely love Cuba Cafe.
3	Is a small place with a good food. Nothing from out of this world. Is a regular cuban food. The service is slow but good. They have a smile all the time. Had the Bistec palomilla. The maduros wasn't good. Yucca con mojo was great. Tostones was great too.
5	Love the inside, love the servers, the cuban coffee, pineapple soda, fried bananas, THE BREAD, just ugh - wonderful.I am bringing everybody I know. The food has that "made in a small kitchen" quality about it and is absolutely awesome. Can't say enough good things, see for yourself.
5	Food was delicious, and made from scratch. It was quiet and the customer service was good. Friendly waitresses.
4	Returned here for lunch with a coworker.  I haven't been here in a while - but I agree with other reviewers that this place is a best kept secret in Las Vegas!  Good cuban food that you won't find anywhere else in town.  For real.  We were able to use an Entertainment Book coupon and get one meal free, SCORE!  For as many times as I have eaten here without a coupon, it felt very well deserved.  I seem to always gravitate to the Pan Con Bistec - a steak sandwich on cuban bread with shoestring potato chips on the sandwich!   I ordered a side of black beans, why not??  Where else would you get the best black beans but in a Cuban restaurant!  They serve complimentary hot cuban bread that is delish!  All in all, I've never had a subpar experience at Cuba Cafe - and I estimate I've eaten here about 15 times over the past 5 years.
4	It's good place. But the only thing the food don't have a lot of taste.
4	We ended up eating at two Cuban restaurants in one day (great planning huh) I was originally going to try the Cuban sandwich here as I thought it had to be better than previous place that I didn't even bother reviewing ($18 for a bad cuban sandwich).Anyways, I ended up ordering the shrimp in garlic sauce with mushrooms, the wife ordered the Cuban sandwich.Both were excellent, lot's of big juicy shrimp on my plate and a great sandwich, just the way a Cuban should be.
5	Excellent service and the food was wonderful. Want to go back now! Recommended!
5	Tried this place today and absolutely loved it! The service was good, staff was very friendly and attentive. As for the food, the ceviche was the best I've ever had and the Cuban sandwich was delicious. Will definitely be back for more!
3	I like Cuban food so I had to come here.  We went early on a slow night.  For starters, we got the shrimp ceviche, tapas tasting plate: 2 empanadas (chicken and beef), croquetas and mariquitas/plantain chips.  The empanadas were good and had good flavor but the crust was a tad bit thick.  The croquetas had a strong ham taste to them which was good.  The shrimp ceviche also came with plantain chips cut differently.  The plantain chips were...well, plantain chips.For our entree, we got the tasting plate: pollo tequila, lechon asado, ropa vieja with Moros Cristianos, maduros/sweet plantains, and beans and rice.  I liked the lechon asado, ropa vieja and maduros.  The lechon was tender and juicy but I wish it had crispy skin to it.  The ropa vieja was tender and didn't lack flavor unlike the pollo tequila.  The maduros were great - sweet and was not undercooked. The service was not so good.  The server took our order and gave us our basket of bread and forgot about us.  She didn't check on us.  She had her shock face on when she passed by our table 20-30 minutes later and still with no food on our table.
3	First time eating Cuban food! Can't compare it to much, and can't specify whether it is authentic or not, but since it didn't taste much like anything else I've had before, I would think yes!First up is the complimentary Cuban bread...yum! It was super soft, flavorful and slightly sweet... without butter! Next time I should order a plate of this and eat it for dinner lol.I wanted to try their version of ceviche :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuba-cafe-restaurant-las-vegas?select=ITCFfFj3Ld3slT4V0v8kyA#ITCFfFj3Ld3slT4V0v8kyANot sure if this is how they do it in Cuba, but there was almost no citrus flavor at all! It was good, but there was a mayo-like sauce all over it, and it didn't have that slight bite that I have grown to love in Mexican style ceviche.We ordered the Tasting Plate appetizer platter, which came with Beef Empanadas, Mariquitas and Croquetas :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuba-cafe-restaurant-las-vegas?select=6-X7yQIAcyAHpDA9LJwQ0A#6-X7yQIAcyAHpDA9LJwQ0AEmpanadas were good, but the Croquetas were great....filled with Ham and Beef. Empanadas were a little bready, so I didn't eat the crusts..but the insides were yummy.And to finish, we ordered another Tasting Plate with Ropa Vieja, Lechon Asado & Pollo Tequila with Moros Cristianos and Maduros :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cuba-cafe-restaurant-las-vegas?select=KeTx5zyAkYesrDvHzq3qnQ#KeTx5zyAkYesrDvHzq3qnQThe Pollo was ok...a little overcooked and all the flavor was in the sauce. The Lechon was good...My favorite was the Ropa Vieja! It was a rich and slightly spicy shredded beef simmered with onions & peppers. Yum!I took off a star for service...or lack thereof.  We ordered the ceviche before the rest of the courses, and since this is "cooked" hours before, this should have been very simple to toss on a plate and send our way.  But ALL of the food showed up at once...the appetizer, the second appetizer, and the main course.  The waitress had a very surprised look when I made eye contact, and then the food came almost immediately after...something tells me it was waiting for a while.Overall, I will still come back...but maybe Cuban food isn't for me?
5	I am Puerto Rican, and our food is quite similar to Cuban food. When I'm craving some good ole Criollo eatin' and my mom's not in town, I know that Cuba Cafe will fulfill my craving and leave me fat and happy and full. There are a few Cuban restaurants in Las Vegas but this one is by far the best. It's small, homey, nothing fancy, but the servers are super nice and attentive and the food is fresh and flavorful and plentiful. It's a bit slow to come out of the kitchen, but you can't rush greatness. The wait is definitely worth it, especially with a basket of warm, crusty bread and a delicious mojito. I recommend their arroz con pollo with a side of red beans and tostones. For a light lunch their Cubano sandwich is excellent. Anyone who doesn't like this place doesn't know what good Criollo food is.
4	Went to a late lunch based on yelp reviews and my love of Cuban food. Kinda worried when I saw the hubby and I were the only customers but in we went. The complimentary bread was warm, crispy yet soft, and buttered goodness! I could just eat it all day but I had to make myself stop and save room for my "tasting plate."So, the tasting plate ($14.95) has 3 different Cuban dishes: ropa vieja, pollo tequila, and lechon asado. Served nice and piping hot, with rice mixed with black beans, a mixed greens salad with vinaigrette dressing, and fried plantains. Heavenly! Rich flavors in the beef and pork that blend nicely. The chicken was not as rich but still yummy. The meat was so tender that i just needed to use my fork to cut into it. I stuffed myself! A great price for the amount of food you get. Free soda refills and the staff was very nice. I left thoroughly stuffed and happy.
5	FAVORITE Cuban restaurant in town!Closest to mom's cooking I've found. Tasty food! Recommend the Tasting Plate for those who are new to Cuban food. Moro, Maduros, and Ropa Vieja is the way to go!OR Cuban sandwich is another tasty staple.
4	Our friends were visiting from New Jersey, and since he's a Cuban-Haitian-American (or a Haitian-Cuban-American), his first choice is usually a Cuban restaurant (if there are Haitian restaurants, he hasn't found any yet).  It was a first visit for all of us.We loved the ambience; it's a pretty place, and I was surprised to see only a couple of other tables occupied at prime weekend dinner time.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria, "easy on the ice," but when the waitress brought the pitcher and it was 34 filled with ice, our collective dismay had her cheerfully going back to the bar to add more.  After that, we got the amount we'd expected from the pitcher.I ordered the Tasting Plate - ropa vieja, pollo tequila, and lechon asado.  The ropa vieja was juicy enough, but disappointingly not very tender, but the chicken and pork were delicious.  I was glad mine came with the sweet platanos maduros, which I like much better than the starchy tostones.  Mr. G had the Pollo Tequila as a main course.  The other couple ordered steak, with a side order of tostones, and loved it.It's a long ride from Summerlin to Cuba Cafe, but it was definitely worth the drive!
4	Love love love the empanadas!!! All of the food was delicious. We got the two tasting plates. The pork literally melted it was so tender. My mom loved the "old rag" meat dish. The waitress was really patient and a sweetheart. Plantains were perfect! The flan/tres leches pineapple dish was a major disappointment and I hate the location but otherwise yum yum!
3	I was hoping Cuba Cafe would be a knock-out because it is so close to home, but it came in at just A-OK after my husband and I made a special trip here to use a Restaurant.com coupon I've been holding onto for awhile now. In the past I have not had a lot of experience with Cuban food save for the couple times I have been to Havana Grill (which is in Henderson). The couple times I had had it I really enjoyed it, and was hoping Cuba Cafe would produce some of those same feelings. Let's start with the fact that the place could use a serious face lift. When we walked in I thought we had entered an Elks Lodge dining area. Have any of you out there been in an Elks Lodge with a dining area and a bar? Do you KNOW what I'm talking about? Anyway, besides the Elks Lodge feel it is also very PURPLE... purple walls, purple table clothes, purple curtains... man, I haven't seen that much purple in a long time. So the ambiance is less than appealing. How about service?There were two people manning the floor - what appeared to be the waitress/hostess and a busser. However, the busser handled the majority of the tables. He brought our drinks, refilled our drinks, brought our food, asked us how everything was, cleared our plates. The only thing he did not do was to take our order and deliver the check. I couldn't decide who our actual server was, but the girl waitress/hostess wasn't very congenial, except for when I asked for our fried plantains to be brought out before the other food...Speaking of food. We ordered the fried plantains as our appetizer. My husband described them as "Tasting like an onion ring on the outside and not-ripe-enough banana on the inside". He was right. The plantains were not what I was hoping for. As for main dishes I got the bistec sandwich, which is a piece of flat steak pressed with tomato, lettuce, and little potatolings that are fried with a sauce of sorts. This was a pretty good sandwich, but I wish the steak had not been as chewy/sinewy as it was. My husband, who wasn't into the whole "Cuban food" idea ordered the chicken sandwich, which was basically exactly like my bistec.Our other side was french fries and they are nice a fat, crispy, none of them were soggy, actually quite enjoyable.Overall with the purple dining experience and the not-so-amazing food I have to go with 3 stars. The place isn't bad and maybe I should have ordered something else, perhaps the "ropa" meat dish everyone exclaims about, but I wasn't hungry enough for a full plate. This place is so close to home I am not going to say I won't be back, but I don't think it was good enough to have me running back for seconds right away.
4	Cozy and delicious. I'm a huge fan of Cuban cuisine and this restaurant is pretty authentic. As you walk in, mouthwatering aroma hits you. I had the appetizer sampler and a sampler as a plate ( yeah, I'm greedy, I know) and everything was delish!Oh! Almost forgot, they have the best yuca I ever had! I normally don't like yuca because its too dry but the one I tried here was amaze! The tostones are mad good too.
5	I love this place! The service is always great. The food is always amazing, and I feel just like eating at home! I always get their sopa de pollo which is amazing with great home cooked taste, and the toasted butter bread is excellent. They recently added a tapas menu which is nice because it lets you have a little bit of everything without spending too much! Mamey shake and jupina is also a must!
4	Very nice place. Simple but nice environment, good service and food is excellent. Highly recommend the ceviche and Argentinian steak.
4	Nice restaurant with friendly staff and great food. I decided to get the taster plate so I could try as many things as possible. I liked everything on the plate, but I absolutely loved the ropa vieja. I could have eaten only this and been happy. For starters we had the bruschetta and ceviche. Both were excellent. Our waitress was so nice. I will be coming back for more.
5	In Vegas for 7+ days and was dying for some authentic Cuban food after days of eating nothing but American food. Coming from Miami, I can say what really Cuban food taste like and this place was amazing...better then most Miami Cuban restaurants
2	The food had a good taste, but the pork sandwich I got was as much fat as it was meat.  My stomach was upset the rest of the day.  And I thought it was kind of ridiculous to charge $8 for a sandwich that comes with NOTHING.  Who sells a sandwich with absolutely zero sides??   Probably won't go back - too many other places that are better value and more edible.
4	I haven't had Cuban food often so I can't really compare this to other Cuban restaurants. I can say that the food was tasty, fresh and the service was good.My husband and I had the two different taste platters so we could have a bit of everything. My favorite items were the pork, braised chicken, crochets and fried plantains. The crochets were the best! Oh and a great beef empanada too. The price was also very reasonable.
5	I absolutely love this place! I can not say anything bad from the toasted buttered bread basket to the ropa vieja. My new favorite is the tostones filled with ropa vieja, I can not rave enough about them. The Avacado salad is my staple, always have to have that on the table. Check out the photos, someone posted a picture of it. Yes the decor is very purple, and if that is important to you, check out Havana grill nice decor and drinks but the food is hit or miss.
4	Went here the other night as we were driving around looking for a last minute place to stop.  I love the live band, it makes for a real nice ambiance.  I ordered the sampler entree and it was tasty enough for me to want to try more things.  Although the place was not packed on Friday night, our food took a long time to arrive, as did the delicious warm bread ahead of that.  Our waitress was apologetic though.  We need to go back so I can sample more to give a more complete review.
4	Love their cuban sandwich. First time at the new, bigger location and it is still as good as the old spot.
5	This is the best Cuban Food in Vegas! Not that I'm an expert of Cuban food, but this place is awesome. The Cuban sandwich is great, the Bistec Pimienta is my favorite entree. They give you a large steak for the price, their beans and rice are super yummy. And to top it off delicious mojitos!!!
4	This is one of my 1st times eating Cuban food and I have to say that it was a great experience. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere was very nice and I loved the Spanish music playing while we eat. I would 100% recommend and will be back again.
5	This is my GO TO place to take visitors from out of town.  I get them off the Strip or from McCarran and head right over.  There's not one person (out of over a dozen) I've taken who doesn't LOVE this place.  It's usually not super swamped, the concrete floor makes it a bit loud, but I don't care.  The servers are vested and lovely.  Perfect English or Spanish, you pick.  The Ropa Vieja is the best I've had, anywhere.  The combo plate is a good one for guests.  They can try the beef, chicken and pork.  If you like bread, you will find the BEST warm butter bread in Vegas (likely west of the Rockies) here.  OMG!!!!!!!  I DARE you to eat just one piece.  You can't.  Yeah, big ups to this place.  Who says that anymore?  I'm old.  Anyway, just GO.  You will LOVE it!
5	Got take out today.  Sandwiches are solid and plantains are worth getting.  Fries crispy 20min later.  Will repeat.
2	Not the best Cuban food I have had ... the lady forgot some of our oder and overpriced for what we got ... i will not come back ...
4	Great food and service.  If you're indecisive like me, get the tasting platter, you'll leave happy and full!
4	Good cuban food and good service. I would go back if I was in Vegas.
4	came here for lunch with a friend. both of us had never had cuban food. we got 2 tasting plates... 1 in the Tapas section which has empanadas, fried plantains, croquettes, and some other fried thing I don't recall the name. the other tasting plate had ropa viejo, lechon asada, tequila chicken, and black beans and rice. they were all very delicious. tequila chicken was surprisingly good, very tender and moist and flavorful. everything was very good. service was great as well. reason it's not 5 stars is that I wasn't blown away. however, I would bring my friends here and I'd be back.
5	Best Cuban food in Las Vegas. I eat here  when we visit Las Vegas. We have been coming here for the last 3 years. Everything is great here.
3	Are you ready to hear the craziest story? My father took me to CC for my birthday.  The place was maybe 60% filled to capacity.  I think everyone was getting their food faster than us.  What really sealed the deal was when the waitress came with a plate of food and sat at the table next to us and started eating.  We hadn't got our food yet, everyone around us had got their food and now the waitress was eating her dinner. WTF?  I gave it 3 stars because the food really is great.  The service and speed is what sucks.
4	Simply put, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Really good Cuban food, reasonable prices, and great staff.My go to is the Cuban sandwich. A traditional favorite and boy is it good... And it's enough for two to share. I'll often call in my order and pick it up when I'm out and about. Even if it's out of your way, stop by. It's worth your time.
4	The food is amazing and the few block trip off the Strip is truly worth the effort. I am the type of person who will drive a hundred miles for Cuban food and to prove this point I drive 270 miles to Vegas and I go to the Cuba Cafe then go to the Strip.  If I can fit more than one trip in there I do, seriously it is that good. In fact, the most tender and delicious lechon asado I have ever tasted.  The avocado salad is a must also, the avocados are always spot on perfectly ripe and they have a great mixed salad in the middle.  Every time I go in I swear I am going to try something different but then the pork seductively calls my name and I stay with it.  Located only 10 minutes from the Strip and just East of the airport off Tropicana Blvd this is THE go to Cuban restaurant
4	Our first Cuban try in Vegas and we weren't disappointed!  Easy to find location.  Cute interior.  Nice Latin music.  We tried the green plantains and combo ceviche for starters.  Plantains were piping hot with a butter garlic sauce.  The ceviche has a mayo dressing...different but super good.  Huge chunks of ceviche.  Gotta add the hot sauce for a little kick!Can't decide on a main dish....??  Try the sampler like us!  It was all wonderful.  The rice and beans a perfect combo to the spicy meat.  Oh and the gratis Cuban bread....so good and buttery!!!Perfect place for a large group or intimate dinner!  Definitely will be back!  I want to try a specialty drink next time!
5	Amazing Cuban food here, with lovely staff and great vibe. We had the sopa de polls, which was fantastic.  Also the mixed cerviche,  fried sweet plantains, empanadas,  and Luchas asado, was all so delicious! We are planning to go back before we leave las Vegas!
5	Hard to find anything wrong with this place. Lechon Asado and large avocado salad for lunch, 20 bucks. Everything good. The lechon so tender and juicy. The 20 bucks was for two people. We first checked out Fat Boy and saw it was mostly take-out so went to Cuba Cafe as a backup. What a pleasant surprise. Will definitely return, again and again.
5	Went here with my mother for a nice dinner. The food here was excellent and seemed to be authentic! Great drinks from the bar and the price for all the food we ordered was not bad at all. I highly recommend this place to a great night of food if you're looking for Cuban.
4	Awesome customer service. The Cubano sandwich was good. Not the best I've ha but very good. Ambience is very desirable and they even had musical numbers.
4	Amazing food, we had the moros y cristianos with fry bananas AND macitas fritas. Agucado salad and cruquets . Highly recommended this place.
4	Love the cubano sandwich, it's exactly what it should taste like.  The Tasting Plate was good, but I would have loved the Lechon Asado, definitely. We will go back for more Cuban food eats!
5	Amazing pan con bistec 'steak sanwich' simple and full of flavor. The mojoto regular was okay but the food and service are tops. Great place to venture off the strip.
5	Best CUBAN food ever. This place is a family owned restaurant that is super authentic.  We have made this our necessary go to place every time we are in Vegas. Get the lemonade,  tostones, cuban sandwich,  anything! You wont be disappointed!
5	Great food. We've been to a bunch of Cuban restaurants in the past from Colorado to Florida and I would say that this one rates up there with the Miami Cuban places. Food was delicious and the price was great. I had the Sample Plate and it did not disappoint. My wife had the Carne con Papas and the meat was so moist and tasty. I would definitely recommend for anyone looking for good meal off the strip.
4	This is a long standing love of mine.  It's a Cuban restaurant that is a cross of authentic food with an upscale presentation and higher standard of service.  Yet without a higher price tag.  Imagine if Nana had taken a culinary class.  It's in a 3 star neighborhood with 4 star food.There are mainstays like toasted Cuban pork or beef sandwiches.  Plantains, bruschetta, croquetas and the lot are all there.  The other tapa sized dishes include 2 lamb chops that are so savory, shrimp and Mahi ceviche and a masitas fritas pork medalion with a nice texture to it as well.As far as the mains you can't go wrong with the Lechon Asado, easily my favorite main.  So tender and dripping with some kind of delicious sauce with rice black beans and that really fresh tasty salad.  Mix all these in each bite and it may become a favorite for you too.The Camarones Al  Ajillo is a Cuban twist on scampi lemon buttery sauced GIGANTIC shrimp with black beans and rice.  Better than any description I could ever attempt to give.Not too fond of the Ropa Vieja.  A shredded beef and sautee'd peppers and onions. It must be an authentic dish.  It's not bad I may just be spoiled by the other courses. You can't go wrong with an espresso and a Leche Flan or Tiramisu for dessert afterwards.You wont break the bank here and you will be satisfied.  I still taste the savory and decadently rich sweetness of the meals here.
2	It looks cuban... it smells like cuban's cuisine but it definitely DOES NOT! taste like cuban food (and i know cause I'm cuban and have been eating cuban food since i got my teeth over 30 yrs ago).       This is my second time visiting Vegas, we come from Tampa FL and we eat cuban food all the time and I was ready to try different stuff but after eating sushi the night before, my husband was ready for "real food" so we went here and we were very disappointed... The place is nice, location not too bad and not having to worry about where to park was good but i am 99.9% sure that the cook is not cuban.If you don't really know the difference between a good cuban dish and a not so good I guess you'll be pleased, but if you do then I suggest you go else wherePS: stay away from the Tamales Criollos... Not good at all!  All you can taste is the seasoning instead of the corn.
4	Mmmm Meat. I've only been to Cuba Cafe for lunch, but it's a pretty great lunch place. I am still trying to get my south florida native husband to come with me and offer a final verdict (I'll update the review when I do), but for my midwestern money, this is pretty darn tasty cuban.If you can't decide between ropa vieja and lechon asado, you can get both with the tasting plate. The buttery bread that comes free is sort of ridiculously delicious for just bread and butter. I don't even know what they do to it. The plantains, both sweet and savory are wonderful; I've gotten soggy tostones at other cuban places not in florida, and these are crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and come with a garlic oil that's meant for slatherin'.Pros;- Very tasty food, very friendly staff that will translate and recommend for your incredibly white co-workers without embarrassing anyone.  - Prices are pretty affordable for the amount and quality of food; it's a ton of protein and greens, so it's definitely not fast food pricing. - Never feel sick after eating here, even if I eat way too much. It's also possible to find Low Carb options if you can resist the bread and plantains. Good luck with that?- Easy parking in a location easy for locals.Cons:- At least at lunch time, the restaurant is a little on the dark side. It can be a little hard to see your food.
4	Great place to eatI was told to check if out by a friend of mine And great surpriseGreat vibe great food Not expensive and authentic tasteI also had the pleasure for take away ;)Would always recommend and sometimes live music too ,,,ask
5	I have been here several times over the years when visiting Vegas and I have always had great food.  I now live here and just ate here tonight and it was still as good as I remembered!  Food was great and the service very courteous.  I don't worry about spending my paychecks at the casinos but I do worry about spending them all at Cuba Cafe, I would eat here every night if I could.
5	Amazing food! The ham croquettes was scrumptious, the tostones were absolutely perfect, and the moros con cristianos was superb! Best Cuban food I have ever had outside of my mother's kitchen. Buen Provecho!
2	I ordered the filetatilla salteado with yuca mojo instead of the rice and beans. It was OK. The food came out cold but the server gladly offered to reheat it. Nice service but the food was sub-par. Nothing the average cook couldn't make at home. My server was very nice. Bottom line: average food, good service.
4	Came here for lunch on a Friday, it was my first time trying Cuba Cafe. After reading the reviews, I was excited to try it. We showed up about an hour after they opened and the service was a little slow. A few tables were filled but there were still many open tables in the restaurant. As people began to build up at the front door, we were all seated. Drink orders were taken quickly and after just the right amount of time, the waitress came to take our food order. It took a while to get out food out, we waited longer than we would have liked to. I got the Tasting Plate which has a sampling of 3 different meats with rice. The food was amazing. Everything was tender and flavorful. My coworker unfortunately found a hair in her salad after eating half of her dish. The waitress apologized several times and let her have her entire meal for free. We definitely did not expect that. She made up for the hair and the slow service by showing genuine empathy for the situation. I would go back as my experience was pretty good. This just isn't a place to go for an hour lunch break.
5	Visit Las Vegas frequently. It was my sons birthday and being we wanted to have a nice dinner after a long drive we decided to give this place a try.  I miss grandmas cooking and the menu looked close to some old familiar dishes.   Service was excellent it was a Friday night and there was dancing and the entertainment was good.  The atmosphere was lively but not obnoxious.  We ordered a few drinks and sangria all good excellent variety to choose from, we had several different dishes and the food was well prepared and i even placed an order to go so i could have tostones y juevos for breakfast....they tasted awesome the next day by the way.  Food was awesome and after dinner they presented my son a nice mini cake for his birthday.  The prices are fair for food some of the liquor choices can be pricey but excellent selection. My daughter raved about the cuba libre and another selection.  Only regret is not getting some salsa dancing in but I recommend the place for food service and sangria.  Also at home in California very difficult to find cocina criolla and it was a nice walk back down memory lane.
4	I've been here a few times, and I like their take on several of their dishes, notably the ropa vieja and the macitas fritas. Their take on macitas is a lot nicer than many places I've been, where the pork is kind of swimming in garlic oil. Theirs has a great mojo criollo flavor without the oil! I personally like the onions a bit less cooked, but that's no biggie. Both the maduros and tostones are quite nice as are the moros. No complaints at all!
2	Well, this isn't really a cuban restaurant.There isn't a single cuban in there, but most importantly, the staples of the cuban cusine aren't done right (or absent...where is the vaca frita?)We tried the "tapas combo" (platanutres, croqueta, papa rellena, empanada). The papa rellena and croqueta were very good and well made. The empanada was NOT a cuban empanada. The cuban empanadas are fried, not baked. The cuban sandwich was surprisingly tasteless and the pork was cut too thick for a sandwich. My husband got the combo with some chicken cooked with tequila that was tough and tasteless, the roasted pork was bland and it did not have any crispy part in it (it looked like boiled meat). The ropa vieja, on the other hand, was good.Considering the reviews here, we very disappointed. We won't be back.
1	I have two complaints I ordered a ropa vieja and it was FLAVORLESS and the lechon was HORRIBLE !!! It had soo many salt and full of grease that I had to leave it on the plate. THE only thing I liked was the bread with butter which was delicious but I would most definitely not be coming here again when I come to Vegas. Please stay away from this pricey place !!
4	Hands down the best Cuban food north of Havana and west of little Havana in Miami. I normally do not comment on drinks but their lemonade is out of this world. I love it do much I get one to take home. I have tried most of the menu and everything is delicious. The staff is awesome and you receive your food in a timely manor. I have tried other Cuban restaurants in town and none came close to the food quality.
5	Great food!  The food was as good as any Cuban place I've ever been to in Miami.  I recommend the Tasting Plate!
5	Great Food. little longer than usual wait time but, worth i,t food was prepared excellently....... best Flan and Tres Leches Dessert taste nothing like the store-bought stuff and the maracuya drink was delicious
5	Great Place to Eat.. Native New Yorker and I thought I was home with Mom.. Puerto Rican and Cuban food very similar.. Highly Recommend. .
4	Best Cuban food in Las Vegas. Very friendly staff. Authentic traditional Cuban food made to perfection!!
5	First time here because a stranger heard me talk about craving some good Cuban/Rican food cuz I don't like Havana Cafe. So she recommended this spot and I have to admit I loved it the minute I walked in. Very friendly staff, great music, and AMAZING food. Finally some fresh cooked masitas de puerco, very flavorful and they just so happened to have Mofongo tonight.  which made my day) GREAT spot. It's a bit out of my way but I will certainly become a regular. So good! . There is still hope for Vegas. We need more good Authentic Latin restaurants and this is by far the best. Reasonable price and good portion of food. I will be back!!  Ps. Miss Rosio thank you for hospitality! You were amazing!
5	I'm Cuban andI grew up eating cuban food and I love it. Upon moving to vegas I found this place and tried it out. Mid day pretty empty and the atmosphere was far from welcoming the hostess and the waiter whome appeared to be a owner or manager weren't very welcoming. But seeing as I look white I wasn't surprised, I always catch the cold shoulder in Hispanic enviorments. But besides that it was decent. 5 stars Soley cause it's the best cuban place in vegas and I love my cuban food.
5	Rocio, MOST BEAUTIFUL... Her presentation was amazing!  The food, atmosphere, and music is a must! You gotta visit here, without fail!
5	I go there a few times a month and i never get tired if it. Great food, friendly staff, low prices for quality foods.
5	I recently watched a movie called "Chef." Not to spoil it, but they talked about Cuban sandwiches.. In which fueled my yearn to try one. Lol..I looked this place up on Yelp. Seems like a cool spot. I think the lady that helped me was the owner. She was very nice, inviting and personable. Reminded me of one of my aunts. I ordered the sandwich cubana. It looked just like the sandwich in the movie, and was very tasty. I definitely want to go back and try other dishes they offer, seeing is it that I haven't had Cuban food before. I also read that they have live entertainment on the weekends.
5	This is probably one of the best authentic cuban restaurants in Vegas. The live Latin music is great as you drink a pineapple mojito as you sway your hips to the music. The staff is attentive and friendly. The food is awesome. If you are a first timer, order the tasting plate. You get to try 3 of their main dishes on smaller scale. You will not regret coming to cuba cafe!
5	The free garlicky bread that they give you:  ridiculous!  Got the sampler platter as an app... Shouted obscenities at it for being so delicious!  Got the Lechon Asado which is a marinated leg of pork.  I informed the waitress that it kept falling apart and demanded that they bring me a more stable cut of pig.  She informed me that it's supposed to be like that.  I'm glad I listened.  Ordered a passion fruit mojito that was so delicious that I was furious with that as well.  ALSO... Live music on Saturday night.  Their rendition of "Memories" was so good that it made a child cry.  (Although the child's tears may be unrelated, but I have my doubts.). Go only if you like being mad at delicious food.  (Turns out I do.)
5	First time eating authentic Cuban food. We will be coming back for sure next time in Vegas. Try the tasting plate which has three meats, salad, platanos and black beans and rice.  My wife had the Cubano sandwhich with pork. My son had the pollo y arroz. The portions are large for my gordo friends like Juan V.and Trevor T.
