2	The only reason why I shop here is because it is the closest supermarket to my house.  I really don't like this place for the following reasons:- The deli area is small and has limited items.- There is a very small selection of bread.  Try to find Whole Grain Wheat Bread.- The floor of the store is often dirty.- Unsupervised teenagers loiter in front of the store during the summer months and at night.- The vegetable section is very small.I don't know if this place can turn around....I wish there was another place closer to home.  Oftentimes I shop at Smith's or Vons when I come home from the gym because I don't like shopping here.
4	Just a quick review: this place has the fastest check-out lines ever. Maybe it was a one-time phenomenon that occurred, but I was able to pay for all my groceries in record time. I was shocked. Plus, the girl who worked at the bakery/cake section was really nice and really helpful, which is a definite plus. The only downside? The store seemed kinda cluttered. Like they'd had a ton of shoppers and not enough time to recover.
4	I wish our Albertson's back in Cali was this well stocked.  I find EVERYTHING I want here everytime.  Prices are norm and it's always a quick trip in and out.  The staff are super helpful, especially the butcher department helps me with any crazy thing I'm looking for.  I guess that is why during our stay in Vegas I became the duchess of Albertson's.
1	Albertson's is so much more expensive than Smiths and right up there with trader joes and whole foods prices.  Terrible selections at ridiculous prices...I just don't understand why their prices are so high.  Milk shouldn't be $4 and 1lb of chicken shouldn't cost $10!  Their price points are way off and more people should do their research to avoid rip-offs like Albertson's.  This location has the worst stock I've ever seen!
4	Even tho this Albertsons is pricey they have a lot of selections. The workers here are friendly. Love the express post office in here. That why I mainly come here is because of the post office. They close very late which is a plus. I don't like shopping in the daytime. Long lines, kids running around, etc.I like the fact that they have double couponing once every few months. Also I like that CVS is right next door cause I go there a lot too.
3	SO over priced, I only come here for small items, in and out, never to do my families grocery shopping here!
1	It's like a prison entering from the south side doors, closest to cvs, you have to go through metal bars and your cart goes through another one, and for good reason, the theft and kids are the reason, which makes me never return. I bypass it and shop smiths instead due to the ghetto bars and long lines
3	This Albertson's is okay.  I find this store to be quite expensive as compared to some of the other stores I have been to, so I don't visit this one very much.  It is close to my house though, so I do end up here occasionally.  They do have a free savings membership card you can get, which you should, that saves you some money.  Even with the membership card, the prices are still high, in my opinion.This location is a large store with a lot of options when it comes to food, so that part is nice.  The deli is always well stocked with great sandwich meats and great cheese options.  I love me some good cheese.   They also offer a lot of handmade sides like egg, tuna, and chicken salads, cole slaw, ambrosia, amongst many others.  Whenever I get an egg salad craving I make a beeline to this store to get my fix ASAP.  Oh and the roast chicken here is divine!  The rosemary garlic flavor is delightful.  I am drooling just thinking about it!I do also have to say that the bakery at Albertson's make the best cakes in the valley.  I have had many cakes from lots of bakeries around town and I think the cakes at Albertson's are by far the yummiest! One of my favorites is the Victorian Lace cake with raspberry filling.  I have never seen it at any other bakery, which is a shame.  It is a beautiful cake and tastes even better! And yes, I have tried the big names like Freed's and I still think Albertson's has an edge on cakes.  What can I say, I LOVE cake!This store also has a satellite USPS office inside.  This USPS location is rarely busy and you can get your stamps or mail packages quickly here.  It is a great option to have and is much faster than the main post office for the area on Tenaya.  This location also has a Starbucks inside of it.  Yep, you can get your caffeine fix and then power grocery shop.  Talk about efficient shopping!
5	Most of the negative reviews are inaccurate and even racist. I've shopped here since August 2012 and always found the store to be excellent. The employees are helpful in all departments, they have all products I need, the store is clean. I've never seen loitering in front of, or around, the store. The main entrance, near CVS, is now free of an entrance gate. There is a small Wells Fargo bank and US PO at this entrance.During the past month things were hectic for shoppers because the shelves were all reorganized and it was hard to get around and find things. By the time you read this they should be done. I guess it was done because Albertson's finished a merger with another supermarket chain.My personal negative opinions are confined to the fish/meat department because of finding meat not tender enough for me. Another problem is can be too few checkout employees. Not too often, but once in awhile.I live very close by so its nice to just drive over in five minutes to find an entire shopping center with almost all my daily requirements. Unfortunately, the shopping center owners have done little or nothing to improve its appearance. For an affluent area, this is strange and unusual to see.
2	Good enough if you need something quickly.  But overall, it's a dump.  Don't bother getting dressed up to go here either.  It's an "interesting" scene there most of the time.It's also overpriced.  Go down to the Smith's on Cheyenne and Rainbow or on Rampart and Lake Mead.The Albertson's brand orange juice is gross too.The only reason I gave it two stars is because the employees are friendly.
2	Way more expensive than and not nearly as nice as the Rampart/Lake Mead Smith's. When my wife and I first stopped in (after moving from Carson City, where there are no Albertson's), we asked a cashier if they offered a savings card. She told us they didn't because their prices were already so low. What? I don't understand how she managed that with a straight face. She went on to tell us about an asinine, outdated sticker book promotion that allows you to earn Rachel Ray products....again with a straight face. Again, what? "Our prices are weirdly high, but if you want to a create a scrapbook, we'll give you some cheap crap with one of the most obnoxious women on earth's name on it."? Yeah....thanks, but no thanks.  It does have a (very small) WellsFargo inside, but other than that, there's no real reason to ever stop here.
3	Never enough cashiers, inconsistent coupon policy, sad veggies, poor aisle labelling, and high prices. The ONLY reason I come here is because of the BOGO meat department on Thursdays. I have gotten some great deals.
1	The store was absolutely filthy and the staff was rude. One would expect management to be polite, but the man I spoke to was even worse than the cashier, he was short with me and questioned my reasons for seeking the product I was in a condescending manner.
2	Stock standard shopping centre.Nothing really about this Albertsons really stands out, they have your normal run of the mill bakery and meat department. They finally refurbished the lanes and stocked with new items but still has the average stuff.Starbucks is kinda slow and sometimes the staff isn't even in the booth.
2	While Im no Albertson's fan in the first place, I keep winding up there occasionally as it is the closest grocery store to my house. On several occasions, I discuss with other patrons our mutual disdain for Albertson's, but that they, like me , only go because it's so close. The prices are easily the highest, the bakery is probably the least quality out of Smiths, Vons and Whole Foods, and this particular location is always very cluttered. However, there is nothing wrong with the meat and the produce if you have no problem paying ransom prices, as though Albertson's knows you're screwed unless you want to drive the extra 4-5 miles for a better store. I do occasionally stumble across a decent deal there.
2	Ugh I dread this Albertsons, yet it's so close to the house. It really reminds me of Wal-Mart based on cleanliness, staff, and patrons. There is no self check out which is really annoying. Some days I'd prefer not to interact with cashiers who dislike their jobs and enjoy yelling over you to the next check stand, conversing with other cashiers. I have experienced anything from mediocre to down right atrocious service here. For instance, one specific interaction went a little something like this:Cashier: That stew beef is great, what are you going to make?Me: Oh, it's for my beasts.Cashier: Your beasts? You feed this to your animals?Me: Yep.Cashier: *bewildered* Why?Me: Because it's none of your business and I can. That's why.It is NONE of your business what I am buying and what I intend to do with my purchase. It is my prerogative if I wanted to go and make a lampshade out that damn beef.  I was with my mother in law during that particular exchange, and I saw her rearing up to go off on the cashier, but I got her out of there in time.They have no to very little organic produce. Their fruit bowls are out of this world expensive...I mean $9.99 for a small bowl of assortment of non organic fruit. You can find it cheaper ($6.99) if you're a fan of three pieces of strawberry and the rest of it filler crap like cantaloupe and honeydew.When I come here it is usually a quick grab for:Talenti GelatoCheapish meat for the dogs (chicken breast or the beef stew meat)Bag of frozen veggies for the dogsBox of brown riceFruit Bowl if I am desperate Sparkling waterEven with a handful of items as mentioned above I hardly ever walk away without spending at least $35 here. The price you pay for convenience.
1	Whoever is doing their ordering should be fired.  They don't have any of the organic cage free eggs, and haven't for over a week.  The bread shelves are almost empty.  And tomorrow is back to school.  Seriously thinking about finding a new store.
