1	I have never met or talked to a ruder group of people!
3	So the basics was that my dog got hurt at the dog park and I needed to take her into a vet asap! Since our normal place is in California I had to rush to find a place before the weekend started. That's where Dewey Veterinary Medical Center came in. First off the staff was very friends, from the ladies at the counter to the vet. Everyone was nice. Also, it was nice to be seen at such short notice. That's where the good things stop. I had to wait almost 3 hours from the time we got there to when we left. Also, the charge was a lot higher then I had previously been told it was going to be. Another negative for me was that it was inside of the same building as the ASPCA (or some kind of place like that). All the noise and craziness made my poor dog even more nervous. Overall, I'd probably only go back there in a pinch if I really needed to but otherwise I'm in the market for that above and beyond vet that doesn't charge an arm and a leg!
2	Dr Ron is the best. The staff is not. They "the staff"actually wanted me to get my dog vaccinated while she was bleeding from her vagina.... Dr.Ron said if I would of listened to the front counter staff and had her vaccinated that she would of probably died from the shots!!!That was the story with my Rottie.Then months before that my Labrador grew an infection absess over night and the female doctor said it was a tumor. Well tumors do not grow overnight. She tried to milk me for hundreds of dolars in testes and gave us meds that did not work.I took her back to see DR.Ron and he prescribed meds that worked!!! Dr. Ron is good!I am not a vet but I knew the overnight absess was not a tumor. How can the female doctor determine that while knowing the facts that I gave her. I only trust Dr Ron.Now my Rottie has blood in her urine and all I need to do is bring in a urine sample.I make $10.00 per hour and cannot afford to be milked with uneeded visits or tests.In the meanwhile they refuse to let me speak with the Dr for even one minute? No returned call? Do they even relay the messages any longer???The staff is unprofessional but used to be much better and caring. Now it seems to be all about money!!!! A lady named Hannah at the front desk and her co workers seemed to be trained to take money for extra B.S that is ot needed.
5	The staff and Dr Ron are amazing, they really care about your pet and your concerns. I've never had an issue or problem. It's a long drive for me to Dewey but totally worth it for me!
5	My little Yorkie Sammie had lumps around her nipples and they had seem to pop up over night.  I was so scared and went on yelp to review all the local vets in Las Vegas.  They were all about the same all had mix reviews.  Since I have visited Dewey adoption Center before. I had remembered that they also had a Vet across the way.  I was in a hurry to get to a Vet asap.  I found Dr. De Jesus.  I am so happy with him and he is a real personable guy who told me right away what was going on and that there were two options.  He gave me an estimate of the cost for 1. Just a biopsy to make sure it was benign or it could be cancer. Now I was scared and in the verge of tears and shaking.  He explained everything to me and I made the choice to have them removed and she had all of her left side removed.  My little Sammie was a trooper and thank God she is cancer free and she is happy and healthy. Dr. De Jesus did such a great job and her scar is almost non existent.  Please to all of you who have female dogs, get them spayed, this gives them a greater chance of not getting cyst and cancer cells.  ps they will work with you regarding cost, but It is surgery and is not cheap but my little nugget is so worth it she is like my child. xoxoxx to Dr De Jesus  great job.Hope this helps all you pet lovers out there,
1	Tried to adopt a cat and Debra refused to let me because she didn't think I was a "good fit" to adopt and needed my mother to come in even if I'm 25 years old with my own lease. Little does she know I have two rescue cats and am more than financially stable to care for them. One was adopted with ring worm and was treated under my care and expense. Both of my girls are spayed, vaccinated, healthy and treated better than the average human. They tend to forget about their animals care and need here because I look young and assume I can't take care of a cat and judge by my age appearance. What kind of animal sanctuary is this? By far the worst place I've ever been.  I asked to speak with someone else and said the person I'm talking to is just a volunteer and didn't matter. The director said there was no problem with me adopting, but her pride and attitude created arguments with her own staff. I don't recommend this place at all if you are a true animal lover.
