5	This has been if not one of the best Greek food I've had in this town in a long time. Yanni's has the best fries I've tasted in a long time!!! Also there Gyros is EPIC! As a concierge it's very important that I recommend good food, entertainment, attractions and just overall AWESOME Experience to my clients. As far as good Greek food Yanni's is the place to go!
5	Glad they moved to the neighborhood. Extremely fresh food, made to order. The chicken kabob plate is my choice of meals. Owner operated which I love and they are extremely friendly people. A+++
5	Best Greek food I've had since moving here from Detroit four years ago! Kept it simple and had the Greek salad, gyro and feta fries. Absolutely outstanding! Spiced perfectly, the gyro meat was thick, juicy and tender and I need to know what's on those fries. Welcome to the neighborhood, glad your here!!!!!
5	Really great place, tried it for the first time today and was really impressed.  I got the Chicken Gyro Plate and a Greek salad enough for 2 full meals really fresh ingredients and made really quickly. I'll be going back for sure.
5	Yannis is the best. Pita and hummus is the best hummus I've ever had and the chicken gyro is amazing. My husband and I come here every chance we get.
5	We saw the good reviews so thought we would give it a shot. Food was excellent and service was great! We ordered the traditional gyro plate that comes with rice pilaf and salad and wow was it good. My husband had to pick out all the cucumbers because he hates them but other then that it was perfect. They give you a pita on the side and next time I will make sure to order a second one because it was a little small for all the food they give you. They have a small sitting area so it is def a much more of a take out kinda spot which is fine with us. Can't wait to go back already!!
5	We saw sign and stopped in. Have not had a good gyro since we left Chicago.  We were definitely impressed and will come back often.
5	We are visiting from out of town and decided to give them a try.  What a great experience. The gyro plate had delicious meat, rice, and a great salad. The Greek fries were very good. We Aldo ordered the falafel and this was fabulous. Our daughter has gluten allergies so this was the perfect dish for her. The owner treated us very well!  Thank you
5	This place just opened next to the Comic shop I play Magic the Gathering at. They recommended it, and they were spot on! I had the Chicken Shawarma plate with Greek rice and a Greek Salad and a warm pita; FREAKING AMAZING! I think it was about $12, but I couldn't even finish it all, it reheated the next day for another great meal. The Greek Fries are also amazing. Don't wait, eat here today!!!
5	Been here a lot of times. Its just near my house. Place is great. Kinda expensive compared to other kabob places tho, but really worth it. Food is made and grilled fresh.
4	Great food at a reasonable price. Had a couple weird requests and they met them with ease. No onsite restroom and dining area is small so this is best for take out
5	I LOVE greek food and have been searching for a good place in Vegas. Unfortunately my old go-to was a victim of the recession.  I saw Yanni's on yelp a few weeks after it opened and so far all the reviews were excellent.  They were not busy when we stopped in. The owner himself waited on us. He was a pleasant guy, said he'd been in the business something like 35 years. The other staff were quite friendly as well, chatting with us as they prepared the food. My husband is a gyro fan and he was very pleased with the quality, taste and portion size. Myself, I go for the lamb souvlaki.  It was perfectly cooked - not too over done and dried out as I've had a lot of places do. Portions size was good as well and their tzatziki sauce is delicious. Definitely our new favorite greek restaurant! We will be back - many times!
5	All I have to say is YUMMMM!!!! The chicken shawarma plate is amazing! The owner took my order and he was very nice, the place was super clean and I saw him wash his hands before he made my food. I like that. This place is sooo good!
5	Tried a lot of Greek restaurants ,but hands down the best one yet around my area! Fresh quality food . The chicken gyro was amazing and their hummus was delicious . A must go to place for ur Greek fix!
5	SERIOUSLY! I have been staying at South Point casino since Friday and I JUST found this place. All i can say is delicious! Service was fast and the staff was friendly. I was so sick of eating at the mediocre places inside of the hotel and am so glad I walked across the street to find this delicious greek place.  I got the COMBO plate with the Gyro and Baba ghanoush....the food was on point and well priced. I will definitely be back at least one more time before I leave this weekend. i HIGHLY recommend!
5	I love this place and love Yanni! He's actually the person who made me fall in love with Greek food. Now I can't get enough of the chicken gyro salad. It's a good size salad. For the ladies, I usually can't finish the whole thing in one sitting. Greek feta fries are delicious!!! Not sure if he has moussaka at this location but I tried it at his old spot in Silverado Ranch and it was super yummy!!! Yanni also takes good care of his customers. I'd visit him wherever he opened a restaurant because it's guaranteed to be delicious!
5	Just as great as the original Yanni's Gyros! I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw this new shop was open and was even more excited when I learned the owner is the same guy that owns Yanni's Gyros. Authentic and fresh. Go Greek and support local!
2	I was really looking forward to enjoying this place with all the great reviews. We were extremely disappointed. One of those rare occasions I forgot my cell phone or I could have posted pictures to explain why. I ordered a vegetarian plate with hummus, baba & falafel. The hummus was form fitted to the section in the plate just like jello pudding cups, was this plated in the morning for my 7:30 pm visit? Not what I expect when they post a sign on the counter that they don't have specials because they don't use (have?) leftovers. Really wish I'd had my phone to take a picture.Baba was not as form fitted, but both were covered in a clear oil, if it even was olive it had no olive taste or color so either low quality or not even olive. I have had better hummus buying pre-packaged at the grocery stores. Baba did not impress either, sad that I have made it once at home from an online recipe & my guests loved that, this one taste was enough. I will continue to drive on to Stephano's when craving some baba.I love falafel, to the extreme that when I go to Parsley Mediterranean Grill, as soon as I walk in they ask me how many orders of falafel I want that day. Here, when I called before going to see if they were gluten-free, I was told they are made from a mix which is gluten free - garbanzo, fava & corn oil. But judging from the shape & texture - these were like balls of bean flavored cake - almost like cupcake consistency. Were they baked or fried? There wasn't oil on the plate under them & they soaked up the tahini that was squirted on them. Baked would be healthier, but these just didn't cut it for me. I ate  1/2 of one & it came with 4. Yes, I left hungry having eaten less than 2 full bites of a $10 plate.His kebab plate which he ordered the chicken charred wasn't even showing a speck of char on the second trip from the grill (yes we know it's unhealthy charred but it's how he likes it & ordered it). The Greek salad on the plate was drenched in oil so it was flavorless because as I've said, the oil has no color or taste. Probably why there is so much paprika spread on the top, guess not just for presentation but if any taste is desired, mix it in.Maybe they were in a rush to get out since it was about closing time, but for $30 with the above, an order of their garlic feta fries & a can of soda , if eating off plastic plates & utensils the food should be good. This kind of reminds me of food in a mall's food court, not a stand alone restaurantFood was 1 star, service would have been 3 but couldn't get his char on, cleanliness is what brought them up to 2 stars. Still trying to figure out all those 5-star reviews. I use yelp all the time to find great new places, but this time I feel really let down. Maybe for meat eaters this is good, but definitely don't recommend for a vegan.
5	Clean little Greek restaurant in strip mall next to my favorite dry cleaners (MC Cleaners)The owner takes great pride in his establishment and also his food is amazing!! Fresh and very delicious!  Large portions for the price!! I'm impressed with the quality and love to see places like this in town that aren't chains.  Check them out... Not a lot of seating room, but I like mine to go anyway ;-)Worth every star!!
5	the greek fries are amazing and the gyro was perfect and huge.  this place is excellent!
3	Same owner as the now closed Greek Village Cafe and Yanni's Gyros on Maryland Pkwy (he sold about a year ago, but the new owner kept the name). It's pretty much the same menu as the location on Maryland, I ordered the Gyro Pita again, but this time got the Garlic Feta Fries for my side instead of Hummus & Pita. The place is small, it's counter service. There are two tables inside and one table outside.  So I had decided to take it to go. I remembered from my previous visit to Yanni's that I wasn't a huge fan of the tzatziki, it had too much dill for my liking, just my personal preference. The pita was warm and soft, but the gyro meat (a combo of lamb and beef) was a bit dry this time around, and it had a slight discoloration on one side of the meat, like the part that was on the outside of the spit, maybe too long. The garlic fries were pretty good. Guess I'm underwhelmed.
3	This restaurant is located in close proximity to the South Point Hotel & Casino where we were staying.   It is cozy restaurant, ultra casual and a bit on the dumpy side with most people placing orders to go though there is seating for around 10.  Neither of us were particularly hungry the evening of our visit so we each opted for traditional lamb/beef gyros.  The gyro meat, according to the restaurant's website, contains no fillers or MSG and I watched as it was sliced off a revolving spit.  The combination of gyro meat, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and fresh pita bread combined with a flavorful tzatsiki sauce made for a delicious light dinner.
5	Fast and healthy! LOVE the chicken gyro! ! ! All white meat it is so flavorful the garlic feta fries are great as well. Customer service is great as well.
3	If money is not an issue for you then I do recommend this place but my husband and I have come here a few times and looove the food but the price for 2 combo meals and 2 drinks is extremely expensive.  Almost $30. I didnt even get a receipt from the register I only got the receipt from the CC machine and with no detail of how much exactly was each meal and drinks. Im guessing he just makes up a number. Its hard to say no more to this place because the food is so good but its not the only greek grill in town so we probably wont be back.
5	Amazing Greek food and Super Friendly owner/opporrator. He took the time to give a little Greek Food Leson.
5	Had the beef and lamb shwarma... So awesome! Delicious. Really friendly and great service.
4	I ordered the Gyro Pita combo with garlic feta fries. Pretty delicious! The pita was loaded with meat & the taziki was fresh. Garlic feta fries could quite possibly be one of the best things I've ever eaten! I'm giving this 4 stars only because of the ambience. It was clean, but nothing nice about it in there. Happy I found this spot!
5	Delicious!  Just ate there for the first time. Had the chicken gyro and the garlic fries. Omg! Yum!
4	A little more expensive than I thought. We ordered two meals and spent 24 bucks but it was worth it. It was our first time there and he gave us two free drinks. The kabobs are good but the thing I ordered is divine. Garlic feta fries paired with chicken gyro amazing. Mu have never tasted anything like it. Highly recommend.
5	My husband and I were nearby for an event at the South Point and we didn't feel like dealing with the crowd there. We came across Yannis on Yelp and decided to try it out, and I am so glad we did! The food was fresh and delicious! We both had Gyros and those were delicious. We also had the garlic feta fries and those were awesome! Definitely a great place to take care of that Greek food craving!
5	Great Greek food here.  I have had their GYRO Salad.  It is the best i have ever had. The gyro meat is so flavorful.. You have to try it.
5	Wow. Incredible gyro. Portion was huge, perfectly sliced and cooked meat, accented with parsley, and the sauce was very dill'd which is my favorite.. Will definitely be back
2	The gyros are tasty but an optical illusion.  The meat is on top and looks like it is filled with meat but the lettuce and tomatoes are occupying all the space under the meat.  It's expensive.  No restroom for customers.Probably wouldn't come back.  I swear, every gyro spot in Chicago gives you a pound of gyro meat.  All of these Las Vegas gyro places give you exactly 6 pieces.   Do yourself a favor and go to Roberto's haha
5	Some of the best Greek food I've had, the gyros are outstanding and the service was exceptional, they actually took the time to fully service each and every customer.
5	Went in again yesterday and it looks like they're making improvements to the inside. The owner walked around and spoke with each table - he was particularly really funny with us! The food (as usual) was top notch! Their gyro and garlic feta fries have become one of those foods that I crave on the regular! If I as to give any constructive feedback this time, it would be to speak with the landlord to change the entry handle, as the towel placed over it is sort of odd/gross (but makes sense because the sun makes it so hot). Also, put a sign out front with pictures of the dishes (and maybe a few in the window advertising your gyros and your "special" garlic feta fries! You'll certainly steal away some business from Capriottis next door!
1	Stopped in and picked up a piece of homemade baklava as a special treat.  What a disappointment!  Nothing more than pastry sheets and honey with little to no filling.  Sadly, we won't be back.
5	Wanted to see what the hype was all about and I definitely believe it now. The gyro combo was exceptional and I love their fries. Initially, I was bothered because the place is small and there was no place to sit so I took the food to go but after I had it, I knew I would definitely be coming back again.
5	Love LOVE LOVE this place! Not only are the people so welcoming but the food is absolutely amazing. Granted, I order the same things all the time, it always hits the spot and is really delicious! One week I was going everyday to get my fix. A must try is their garlic fries and chicken schwarma plate. You're welcome. Lol.
5	My boyfriend is Greek and we enjoy coming here. It isn't anywhere near where we live but we try to frequent this restaurant at least once a week. I get the chicken gyro salad and he gets the lamb gyro combo with the feta fries. The service is good and the food is worth our drive.
5	These guys rock! Perfect For your Mediterranean fix. Spanakopita, Tiropita and Chicken gyros have all been tried and loved. Have always gotten a friendly staff member whether in person or over the phone. Snappy delivery, too. Can't lose with this place.
5	Mm mm so good, the tzaziki is the best I've ever had such a clean taste.   Yanni is a friendly guy too.  Been forever since we've had a great new place in the SW.
5	Oh my, what a find in one of the many strip malls in Las Vegas. Small with 4 tables inside. Everyone was so nice; checking in to see how we were doing. We tried a trio sampler:  Baba ganoush, Dolmades and Kreotopita (spring rolls with ground beef) with a garlic dipping sauce. Of the three we loved the beef spring rolls and dip the best. Everything was fresh made and you could taste it too  Down side is they don't have fountain drinks so they sell cans of soda and water and no public bathroom (you can go to Del Taco across the way).Even with that I will definitely recommend to family and friends. The food definitely rates 5 stars.
5	We're first timers here so my husband and I were pretty excited to try it and it's great that it's so close to where we live! I ordered the chicken shawarma plate which comes with salad, pita, rice pilaf and really tasty chicken! My husband ordered the traditional (lamb and beef) pita and garlic feta fries!      We ordered to go but the staff was really friendly and explained how the menu works. Everything was clean and the interior is simple but works with the cuisine. First off the portions are huge! And even in the to go box the presentation was nice and appetizing! Everything is basically just super tasty and fresh! This new venture was so worth it and I'm happy! We're definitely going to come back and hopefully try the baklava!
5	My Wife and I live right down the street and we were craving Greek food and we found the best Greek spot of Las Vegas.Being first timers here, this place is outstanding. Right when you walk-in the staff are very welcoming and also helpful. The menu is simple,well organized, and descriptive. What else is that the food is delicious. I ordered the shawarma value combo with the choice of garlic feta fries and it amazing. I would recommend this place then any other Greek spot
5	Garlic frys to die for! I've also tried the chicken schwarma plate and the lamb gyro and both were very good and large portions. This place is located across from Southpoint Casino and it's kind of a hidden gem. It has a family owned feel and the workers are very nice. The menu is pretty simple, and the price range is about $7-12. It's quality food so I don't mind spending the extra $ and skip out on cheap take-out. If you have a craving for Greek food in Las Vegas, this is the place to go!
5	Love Yanni's Greek Grill! I've been going to his place when he had the location over at Silverado and Maryland but didn't realize that he sold it 2 years ago until today. So excited to find him over at this new location. I've been wondering why I never see Yanni for a couple years now. Always have loved his food. Fresh ingredient and just yum!!
5	Best gyro I think I have ever had very good traditional Greek food everything seems to be homemade friendly and clean atmosphere
2	My friend and I decided to eat here not too long ago.  The food we ordered was very TASTY and nicely presented, though the gyro was a bit heavy.  Overall, I enjoyed their food and service very much.  Why then only 2 stars?  I will order take out, but will not dine in again because I feel it is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE to not provide a bathroom for the patrons.  Both my friend and I experienced quite an unpleasant episode where we had to run around to find a restroom.  I am guessing this must be a health department violation and it needs to get fixed.  It made our experience stressful and much less enjoyable.  2 stars for now... once they provide restroom(s), 3.5-4 stars.
3	3.5 stars for food. I really enjoyed the shawarma. It was very flavorful.  The dolmades was good too. It has the right acidity on it. The gyro, however, was dry and lacking flavor. The garlic feta fries lacks garlic flavor and it tasted like an old refried fries. If it's not then it was way over cooked. 3 stars for the Price: we paid $26.10 for 2 combo sandwich wrap with one side each. FYI their combo doesn't come with drinks. You would assume for the price it does.
5	I have never posted on Yelp before but I felt this was important.  I consider myself a Greek food snob and it's very hard to find quality.  Greek food can be screwed up very easily.  THIS WAS FLAWLESS.  This is my first time eating here and will be my favorite lunch spot.   Keep up the good work.
4	This place is hands down delicious every time. Tons of food for the price and the staff is friendly and helpful. It's a little small inside, but I've only ordered takeout so that's fine by me. If there's a downside, it's that they close at 8pm. Other than that, gyros, hummus, greek fries, kotopita, etc. You really can't go wrong.
4	One of my Greek go-to's is Yanni's. They open a new location or move somewhere else, somehow, I tend to find them. This location is the tiniest one I've been to so, the best thing to do is to call for a to-go order.Chicken Gyro:Chicken, tzatziki, onions and tomatoes. The pita is warm and fluffy. The chicken is not dry. 4/5Beef/Lamb Gyro:Beef/lamb, tzatziki, onions and tomatoes. 4/5Garlic Feta Fries:They have my favorite Greek fries in town. Garlicky, flavorful, tangy yet creamy feta on top of crispy fried potatoes.  You could give me a bucket of these fries and tell me that's all I can eat all day and I'll be more than happy. Yuuuuummm!!!  5/5Baklava:It's average. I rarely order baklava from here because I'd rather spend my calories on their fries. 3/5I'm a creature of habit. So, I always get my gyro, fries + black tea combo everytime I come here and life is good.
5	So delicious! The tzatziki is perfect for the gyros. Delicious stuffed grape leaves, and scrumptious crispy fries.Huge portions and great service! A little mom and pop shop that's located near capriottis and I wish it wasn't because I feel people get drawn to the capriotti name and miss this gem!
5	A gyro combo costs $10.95, and comes with one side.  We ordered 3 gyro combos, all with garlic feta fries and a hummus/pita app.  Damn.  Delicious.  The place only has a 4 or 5 tables, and there's no bathroom on site (advertised).So if you're looking for something fancy, definitely not it.  But the food is on-point.  The hummus app only came with one pita cut in slices, and additional pitas were another .50 cents, but I just saved the hummus for the fries.   Seriously, the food is great here.  And I don't speak Greek, but I think the employees were talking to each in it, which gives it some authenticity.  Also, the drinks are served by the can, which cost a dollar.  Kinda sucks for those dining-in, but the perfect place for take-out.
5	Tired of over-priced resort food?  Give Yannis a go!  This place was very delicious. Just like other reviewers have said, the portions are big, the sauces are right on, and the service was very friendly. They do have a bathroom now; some reviewers have said they did not when they came. We are definitely going again!
5	On Sunday I was really craving a Gyro but couldn't find any place open. Today I found this place so had to do it. The service was fast and friendly and the food was great. I was really impressed that they took the time to nicely present the food, even though it was take-out in a styrofoam container. Nice touch!
5	Stopped in today after watching a show last night where someone was having a gyro.  So i yelp gyro to find the closest one.  Lucky for me it was yannis.I have been to the middle east so i am familiar with their style of kabob and shawarma.   But this was my first "real" gyro.  I think i had one back in the 90s when all the fast food places were making their version.So lets dive into the food.  The portion was perfect.  Hungry guys every where should be happy.  I probably could have only had half but in the spirit of yelp i had to ensure that the last bite was as good as the first.I ordered the traditional gyro combo woth garlic feta fries.  First bite was a fry.  DELICIOUS.  Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  They were garlicy but why order garlic fries if thats not what you're into.  It also had some sort of fry sauce lightly drizzled on it.  Not sure what it was but neither added or detracted from the fries as a whole.  I think the buffalo sauce that they removed from previous reviews would have been okay on the3 side.l but they were good as is.The gyro was super good.  None of the individual ingredients tried to take the lead but together it was bliss.  I did try the meat by itself.  Great flavor and some of the pieces were crispy and some had more chew.  It was great.For dessert i had some baklava.   I mran it was sitting there all by itself on the counter and needed me to save it from its plexiglass prison.  It tasted like all baklava ive had before.  Sweet cinnamon and yummy.The staff was also very friendly.  The guy at the register was very nice.
5	Best greek food!! Everything from delicious Gyros, shawarmas, dolmas, crispy garlic fries, fresh greek salads and tasty pita bread. Everything was very fresh and authentic. Definitely a low key spot. Can't wait to go back!
5	Seriously the best Greek food in Vegas!!! And to top it off... The owner is the coolest guy ever!
5	We are visiting from San Diego. I found this place because we were driving and searching the area for nearby healthy choices and preferably not a corporate chain.  I'm glad we stopped.  We will be back before we leave.  This is a nice family style casual restaurant with excellent food.  I guessed it would be 4.5 or 5 stars before I checked on yelp.  Sure enough 4.5.  Stop in and support this family owned restaurant.
4	The garlic feta fries are blessed by the Greek gods!!! So good!!! I'd add a photo but we devoured them!!!!
3	Yanni's Greek Grill is some seriously awesome food in a clean and welcoming restaurant. Too bad it's completely across town for me or I'd be here regularly.Came in for a gyro, walked out with a massive one PLUS a bowl of their avgolemono soup- $13 and change for a filling gyro roughly the size of a burrito (I didn't even need to eat the whole thing, I'm just a glutton) and a good-sized portion of lemony soup with rice and chicken. I'm usually not a fan of the soup, but tried it and liked it. BF inhaled the portion in no time flat, though he did note that it was unusually thick. (That's what she said.)NOTE: posted signage indicates there is currently no public bathroom available.
5	This was a magical experience. I liked the dolmas (I never like dolmas). Everything was super delicious. The staff was awesome, and the prices were excellent. I will be back.
5	Food is so tasty. I mean absolutely beautiful. The staff ultra friendly. 5*s for sure. I'll be back.
1	I liked the food until I got food poisoning!!! Chicken skewers were actually RAW.. Like they cooked them for 5 minutes.. Unreal!! Never eating there again even if it's free after getting so sick
5	Great service,  the woman taking my order was beyond nice. Amazing food, totally worth the prices.
3	I got an order of the gyro sandwich. The meat was dry, but savory. Overall the sandwich was decent.Someone in my group ordered the side hummus. What a small order for the price... the flavor was just okay too.
