5	Smitty does a great job at a great price.  Very convenient as he will go to your home or office.  Easy to schedule.  Beats going to the car wash and getting harassed every time for a hand wax, broken windshield, etc.  I recommend him. He has done both of my vehicles for years and I have no complaints.
5	Motor City Smitty is awesome! Top notch details and car washes, comes to my location so convenience is everything with him - appreciate the fact he confirms the night before and my car/truck are always very clean and to my liking.
5	Over the years I've had Smitty detail my QX 56 and he always does an outstanding job. I know I'm getting delicate car for my cars from Smitty unlike the car wash places around. Whether you require ongoing service or the occasional detail give Smitty a call at Motor City Auto Detailing. You won't be disappointed.
5	Smitty has been doing our cars for 8 years.  Everything from my exotic cars to our VW.   I have a passion for cars and love them looking great.  I also like dark cars which are especially difficult to detail.  Our cars always looks great.   Smitty is at the house when scheduled and is great to work with.
5	Motor City Smitty has been washing as well as detailing our family's vehicles weekly for 9 years. That's over 500 times of coming to our home or our office without fail, on time, while executing a first-rate job. Smitty has an engaging personality and an outstanding work ethic. Few people can make the claim that in nine years they have never missed an appointment nor been late and have given the same excellent service every time. Smitty definitely is that person.
5	Smitty is absolutely wonderful and I cant recommend him enough. He has been detailing my new Cadillac and Yukon and everytime he gets done they look amazing. Gone are the days of hassling the car wash guys for everything they missed. Smitty shows up at the office, works his magic, and I have an immaculate vehicle with little to no effort on my part. Convenience and quality for a great price...  win win
5	You have no idea how amazing it is to walk out of work to a sparkling clean car inside and out...without having to wait at a hot car wash...with kids! The service Smitty provides is invaluable...cannot beat his prices for a thorough handwash...and he comes to you! Did I mention how entertaining he is? I belly laugh whenever I talk to him. The neighborhood kids even pulled up chairs to watch him work and he kept them laughing the entire time. Seriously, a great, genuine guy that provides quality work. Call Smitty, you will not be disappointed!
5	Smitty and his team at Motor City had my baby looking better than she had since i bought her. Best part is the convenience factor. As an entrepreneur, having him come to me, at my office means that I can focus on running my business instead of running my errands! Great attention to detail, flexible scheduling, professional team. Absolutely recommend Motor City for all your detailing needs.
5	I drive an 05 BMW, which looks like new thanks to the professional service I receive from Motor City detailing! I have been a client for more than 5 years and can't imagine entrusting my vehicle to any one else's care. Smitty you are the best..Annette A
5	Great thing about Smitty is his attention to detail and how he services his clients.  He shows up on time, maintains a clean work space and has your car looking like new.Very impressed with him.  He cares about his clients and his clients cars.  Great guy.
5	On time , efficient , congenial , nice work      Happy !
5	Smitty is the best in the business!!  He is always accommodating when it comes to scheduling and he will go anywhere to get the job done.  I would refer him a hundred times over.  No complaints ever!!!
5	Great service. Smitty gave great attention and detail to my car. I will definitely continue my services with him. I will only trust him with my vehicle.
5	This was my first time using Smitty. I am from out of town and only had a small window during the Thanksgiving week. This guy came out the day after Thanksgiving in the early morning just to take care of my car for me! His attention to detail is impeccable and the cost by far exceeds what you would get at any drive through shop. And, my car which carries loads of dogs and survived a road trip through all the elements, looked spotless. I highly highly recommend him and have already given his number out to friends who live there!
