3	I went back for sashimi and noodle soup. I think this is the only place that you can get noodle soup. I will check again. The flavour almost bland,  that's why they give you soy sauce...Lol...
1	I ordered the teriyaki chicken and I could not have been more disappointed. The cashier was nice but I felt upsold without knowing it which drives me nuts when the total is much more than expected.  The portions were an absolute joke.  And the "fried" rice was mushy and the veggies were just short of schlop.  I couldn't even finish the pile I was sitting in front of even though I still had a healthy appetite.  I felt like subject of a gag like how is this guy going to react when we feed him garbage.  Absolutely terrible experience there today.
1	I'm giving this rating based off of the customer service. My boyfriend and I went here because we had never been before and the spicy teriyaki caught our eye. We go up and the cashier was friendly and took our order. My boyfriend got the spicy teriyaki on rice and I got the grilled steak noodle soup with the brown noodles. Luckily we beat the rush because after we took our order the line grew. There were two people cooking the food and we were the first in line. They completely messed up our order and didn't get it right. I don't understand how because they had a computer right in front of them with what we wanted on it. Anyway, my boyfriend told them his order was wrong and then the cook was making her lunch "which was exactly what my boyfriend wanted) and just said "well then here, take my lunch." That's absolutely disgusting. This place sucks
1	I had to download the yelp app to my new phone just to explain how horrible this food was. If you pay $7 for a bowl of essentially 'chicken noodle soup' it really should not be a bowl scantily filled with tenden laden crunchy lumps of dark chicken 'meat' and floating pieces of nasty looking chicken skins. There was other random bits oily nasty broth and even though I was told they were going to call my number when ready I had to get tapped by another customer asking me if that was my food sitting on the counter. (hint it was)
1	This place is awful, the portions are so small it's ridiculous paying almost $8 for rice, over-cooked vegetables and a tiny bit of bland chicken is a terrible rip off. The cashier was so rude; we couldn't hear what she was saying and when we asked questions, she scoffed like we were stupid for Even asking the question. The cook on the grill was clueless too. Don't spend your money here, it's a waste.
