4	A strong start for a promising place.  Billing itself as a neighborhood pub with European flair, The Spot hits the mark.  The building formerly housing Mildred's Sandwich Shop has been beautifully redone with wood booths, a cozy back bar, and lovely outdoor enclosed deck.  The menu is small, reasonable, and inventive but not pretentious.  Appetizers include fresh potato chips with creamy Gorgonzola cheese, artichoke spread, scallops, a fantastic cheese plate, and a vegetable charcuterie.  The chef, Joe Tachovsky, built the menu at Samba when it first opened, so if you know how amazing their salad bar is you can guess how confidently he handles vegetables.  The prices are reasonable, along the lines of 8-14 for entrees.  The burgers are rock solid, (try The Spot burger, with a wedge of chevre tucked into the meat), main dish salads are lovely, and the churrasco from Samba makes a well loved appearance.  There is a small but well balanced beer, wine, and cocktail list.  They have only been open for a week, and I will add to this review once I've tried a few more things and the staff has rolled out all of the regular specials and settled into a groove.  For now, especially if you live in the neighborhood, head over and welcome a place where you are pretty well guaranteed a polished meal.   A nice midpoint between Forequarter and the pizza/coffee houses/bars that are otherwise in walking distance for Tenney neighborhood folks
5	I've only been here once, but it was great.   A nice cocktail selection, including some very good gins.  I had the Spot burger, vegetarian version and it was one of the best veggie burgers in town.  The lemon cake was delish!  I can't wait to go back and try more items from the varied menu.
4	For a place open just a matter of weeks The Spot seems to be off to a great start.  We arrived to a full house on Saturday evening and settled onto some stools at the bar to enjoy a beer before a table was ready for us.  The bar selection was good and the bartender was enthusiastic and welcoming.Built within an old house, The Spot is small; there were only about 10 tables and about 4-6 spots at the bar.  Rumor has it there is some outdoor seating but it was a bit too chilly to take advantage of that!  They aren't currently taking reservations but who knows if that will change down the road.  The ambiance is quite nice; freshly done woodwork, soft lighting, and lined with black & white photos on the dark red walls.  If I had my choice, the best seats in the house are probably in the bar area or the booths up by the front windows.  Two of the booths are right by the kitchen window which has pros and cons; some people love "seeing behind the curtain" and watching the action.  I, on the other hand, find fluorescent kitchen lights to be my kryptonite so I'd rather stick to the more romantic corners of the space.The menu had many tempting options on it for both the vegetarian and the carnivore. Prices were reasonable and a lot sounded tasty.  We started with the Baked Artichoke Remikin ($6.50) which was served with pickled carrots and crusty bread.  We enjoyed it thoroughly; it was a good portion for two or three.  For entrees I had the Portabella stew ($11) which I enjoyed and the Mister settled on the Wild Boar Sausage ($14) and was also pleased.  Portions were fair sized, enough for dinner for each of us, not really enough to take home for lunch the next day.  Both entrees were served with a side of cooked greens and polenta.  The greens were good, the polenta was so salty even Mr.-High-Blood-Pressure himself wasn't interested.  This is where The Spot's interest in customer service became evident: our server noticed both of us were bypassing the polenta & asked for feedback, which we provided.  He did say the kitchen team is still tweaking things and trying to improve everything, of course, so they appreciate hearing customer's thoughts on the food. (Well, you know we're not shy!).  We provided feedback on the polenta but assured him that overall they seem to be in great shape.  A few minutes later, the owner offered us a complimentary dessert due to the polentapalooza.  Yum!  Dense chocolate cake, rich and sweet, a perfect end to the meal.I liked the cozy space, it looks like they'll have some fun specials during the week, there were several things that tempted me on the menu, parking was easy, prices were reasonable, service was great... all in all, we look forward to heading back again.
5	I could go on and on about how good this was! We had a party of 5, and although the place is small we were comfortable. Relaxed atmosphere but seemed intimate as well. We started with the Gorgonzola chips and artichoke appetizer, both incredibly reasonably priced at 6 bucks apiece, and delicious. Lots of vegetarian options for our friends and all our food was fantastic. Friendly, attentive staff (brought us more bread with our appetizer when we ran out) and cheerful bartender. Could it get any better?
5	I made my first stop at The Spot on October 1, 2013 for a friend's birthday dinner. It will surely not be my last. I was overwhelmed by the options for Celiac's and the staff's knowledge of what it means to be gluten free. I was excited to learn the chef purposefully does not use a roux in the stews, making pretty much every entree celiac-friendly (they also have GF bread for the sandwiches.) Everything on the menu sounded delicious, such that I had trouble choosing. I ended up with the Poor Man's Paella, a scrumptious mix of rice, spices, chorizo, sausage, and shrimp. The three shrimp were large sized and the chorizo to die for. I was hesitant at my first bite--believing it might need to be a little more seasoned, but as the chorizo started to blend, I quickly learned the error of my ways. The flavor profile only grew throughout. My companions ordered the Churrasco Beef and the Portabello Stew. The sear on the beef and the corresponding chimichurri were a perfect blend with the homestyle rice and beans. The polenta with the stew was the best I've had in years. My companions also ordered the chocolate cake and cheesecake for dessert. Much like with our entrees, every plate was clean.  The atmosphere was lovely. It was a beautiful night, so we sat on the patio, where other diners seemed equally pleased with their meals. I cannot wait to try everything else on the menu, including the gluten free desserts and drinks that I did not sample this time around. It may have been my first visit, but I'd be hard-pressed to find a way it would ever be my last.
5	We went here recently on a Thursday evening and got a table with no waiting.  Choosing a cocktail was difficult as there were several intriguing options but I settled on the Lorraine, a gin and elderflower liqueur concoction.  It was delicious and well crafted, with just the right amount of "punch."My companion and I split the Albondigas appetizer, which was a small serving of meatballs simmered in an amazing tomato sauce.  The sauce was rich and tangy and, after we raved about it, our server brought us a serving of bread to sop up the rest.I ordered the chickpea goulash, which was surprisingly rich, given its simple ingredients.  I also had the sauteed greens, which were a bit salty for my taste but still good.  My companion ordered the Chrurrasco beef, which was definitely the best thing we ate there.  The chimichurri sauce was perfect and the beef was tender and cooked to order.  We split that evening's dessert special, an apple and carmel bread pudding, served wam with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.  Delicious.if you know this place from when it was Mildred's, you'll recognize the layout of the booths, but everything has been redone in beautiful wood, dark, rich colors, and indirect lighting.  There's a small bar in the back now and a nice little patio.If you're thinking of going here, do it now.  I'm sure that once word of mouth starts to spread on this place it will be difficult to get a table, especially since they don't take reservations.
5	X MARKS "THE SPOT'!Oct 25. Just had the most enjoyable lunch. A delightful Salmon BLT, with potato salad. The atmosphere was relaxing and intimate. Our server, Carley, was polite, professional, courteous, and displayed a knowledge of how the dishes were prepared.  I found the menu to be refreshing and inviting.  I will be back to try The Spot Burger and Gorgonzola chips......in addition to the Adult Beverages.  Thanks Tiger.
5	Great new place for the neighborhood. Tenney needed another non-bar food dinner restaurant. Creative entrees, good wine list, and delectable desserts. Service was excellent, and the ambience is very cozy. We've made it a weekly tradition. Nice looking outdoor patio that will be a great addition next spring!
4	Enjoyed a great dinner last night and plan to return soon. Love the atmosphere and the service was flawless.  But what about the food?  Great value and delicious. Highly recommend the potato chips and the new take on tuna and noodles.  Our group also loved the chicken paprikash and the poor man's paella.  Wonderful addition to the east side.
3	I came here for dinner last week and found The Spot to be an okay place. The ambiance is cozy, and the service was spectacular. The food, however, was nothing special. The Spot Burger had a lot of good stuff on it, and the burger was cooked well, but the bun seemed like a regular store bought bun and the sauce on the burger made it soggy. If the bun had instead been a nice roll, I think it would have been awesome. The prices for the food are very reasonable, but the wine and cocktails are a little pricey. I'd come back and give it another try, but I don't think I'll end up being a regular here.
5	My  wife and I have eaten here 3 times now, trying different menu items each time.   We've been very pleased with our meals every time.   The service has been excellent and we find the atmosphere casual, cozy, and relaxing.   Specialty house cocktails are very interesting.   Prices are reasonable.   The Spot is becoming our 'go to' dining place.
4	We had a very enjoyable dinner at The Spot on Friday evening.  We had a short wait at 6:00, but the place is really cute and cozy, so we didn't mind.  Our table opened up much sooner than the 30-40 minutes quoted.  They have a large drink menu that includes beers, wines and specialty drinks.  My three dining partners all opted for beers and I had a specialty drink called The Foosie Woo Woo (Plantation Rum, fresh lime juice, ginger liqueur, cane sugar, lime: up) I was not disappointed with the Foosie.  For dinner, I had the pan fried walleye that came with mashed sweet potatoes.  The fish was cooked just right and the sweet potatoes were very good also.  The others had the Poor Man's Paella (which I got a taste of and enjoyed very much!) Pulled Pork Meatloaf served with mashed potatoes, and The Spot Burger with greens.  Everyone enjoyed their meal, and our waiter, Adam, was very knowledgeable and personable.  There were two things that disappointed slightly...my water glass did not get refilled until we were almost finished eating, and the sides are a little strange to me: Black Beans & Rice, Mustard Greens, Potato Salad, Seared Greens, Polenta or Mixed Greens with Vinaigrette.  Call me crazy, but I need a french fry option to go with a burger.  All in all it is a great little place.  I hope they do well.
4	My wife and I have dined at the Spot on 3 occasions now.   Each time we've been pleased and quite satisfied.   We've had something different on each visit and so far all of our dinners have been very good.   I gave it 4 stars but would easily say 4.5 on the 5 point scale.   The service has been excellent.   The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed.   This is one of our favorite new spots to hit when we feel like going out.
4	Very good food at great price. Great staff. Will go back again soon
2	I have been to The Spot twice, once for dinner  and once for lunch both on a Saturday. The restaurant was packed the first time and empty the second, but it was 3 pm..What was once Mildred's is now is very beautiful space. The tables are made from wood and are very attractive. It is a challenging space but they really made it work.The photos on the wall are fun to look at and the tiny bar area very inviting Each time I sat at a table by a  window, which was lovely.For dinner on a Saturday night I ordered the special, "short ribs". They were absolutely delicious. My partner had the Portobella stew He liked it, but appeared underwhelmedFor lunch I had the cioppino ($14), some shrimp, scallops and a little bit of fish in a very light broth. The sauce needed some richness. There was no depth of flavor. The shrimp and scallops were prepared perfectly. They were cooked through yet tender and full of flavor. It was a shame the broth was so dull. The stew came with a small piece of bread that was sliced into 4 pieces. The bread was cold and tasteless. What a a shame... Batch is so close by. No excuse for that.My friend had the portobella stew ($9). She too was not very satisfied. She felt she could have easily made the dish at home. It had no "yum" factor.When we returned to the car we both admitted we were still hungry. I am sure Mildred's spirit hangs in the air. I hope she can guide the new owners to kick up the flavors, increase the portions, and serve the best bread they can find. I want "The Spot" to succeed. They created a great space and now they need the food to match..
5	3 for 3 so far - a cozy and delicious spot to eat! Great dinners, tried the skate and the chicken paprikash, yum... Will definitely be back. You could go here solo, on a date, or with friends.
3	A friend and I went here on Friday for lunch and were unfortunately disappointed. Also unfortunate was the fact that we both ordered the same exact thing!  And that thing was the Pesto Chicken sandwich. The pesto seemed fresh and tasted pretty good, but the chicken was a little lacking in flavor and quite squishy. The sandwich just seemed to be lacking and was not memorable. I chose the potato salad as my side, and that was actually very good. For an appetizer we had the Baked Artichoke Ramekin, and it was delicious. I'd definitely recommend that to start.The space has gotten quite a face-lift since Mildred's closed, and it's lovely. The little bar in the back is a cozy little space to hide. Love it.Service was fine. Our waitress was nice and our food didn't take too long.Overall, we weren't' too pleased with our visit, but will have to check it out again. The ladies sitting at a nearby table were gushing about the Spot Burger, which is something I'll likely try next time.
2	Meatball sandwich was okay.Kale potato salad disgusting.  Tastes rotten.  Weird vibe...I was only person in restaurant at 12.30 pm.  Will not return.
5	My husband and I love the Spot.  We've eaten dinner there 3 times now and we've been really delighted each time.  The Artichoke Ramekin starter is fabulous - it features big chunks of artichoke is a wonderfully tangy cheese sauce.  The Caesar Salad with a generous helping of anchovies and cornbread croutons is a nice compliment to dinner entrees.  We've had the Skate dusted with cornmeal, the portabella mushroom stew, cioppino,and grilled salmon.  We have loved each one.  The chef and kitchen staff create consistently excellent meals and the serving staff is attentive and friendly.  The bar area in the back room is attractive and cozy and the patio will be a wonderful place to have an alfresco meal.  Don't let the construction on East Johnson Street keep you away!
3	I had the meatball grinder with a side of polenta.  This meal was good, but it was not a "Wow" moment.  The meatballs were flavorful and were topped with sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil.  The polenta lacked any flavor at all.The sandwich was delicious but the portion was small.  For $10, I was expecting something just a little bigger.  It was good but it was not great.  I had a glass of the Chardonnay.  It was pretty delicious and generously poured for $8.The space is small and while it would intimate for a date, it was weird earlier in the day.  Families go there and it just seems kind of cramped at that point.  I have not tried the patio or the bar.  I would consider it again but truthfully nothing about this place really stood out.
5	It's so good - we've agreed to write this review together. Authentic truly good food, something to be said for just taking awesome ingredients and not making them so over the top, good, knowledgeable service, and a menu that doesn't confuse - and even offers sides for sandwiches! Takes the best of foodie Madison and makes it accessible. Cocktails were generous, wines well selected. Smart and kind all the way around. The best salmon I've had in Madison - getting it truly medium rare made me nervous so I asked - is this OK or too rare - the smart server explained because it's sashimi grade having a cool center is safe. Having the OK that it was safe I could enjoy it. And made us all the more committed to coming back - he addressed a concern, we knew why it was delicious, and we felt OK asking questions. Because every good review needs to be balanced - the chip appetizer was uneven and has so many competitors in area who do it so well - choose another starter.Cheers to The SPOT - try it.
5	This has got to be the newest hidden gem in Madison! How could I have missed this for so long. Thank you to fellow yelpers for pointing this treasure out! Please, it is worth effort to come by even though the roads are torn off right now. It is right next to Sophia's bakery. I'm surprised how pretty it is, wooden floors and wooden booths. the table is kinda wide but if you wanna be intimate, you can sit next to your favorite person instead of on the other side.Service was top notch, Emily is one of my favorite servers in Madison. She was really humorous and attentive, friendly, making us feel right at home. She even gave us a coupon at the end of the meal to encourage us to visit again! That, and the happy hour Monday to Friday 5-7pm.. The food was amazing, I can't wait to try more! Artichoke ramekin - the best rendition of artichoke. so good you can't stop dipping. I do prefer the crostini and bread for dipping than rice crackersQuinoa risotto - flavor was amazing. loved the mushrooms and asparagus. quinoa in a risotto, the best idea ever!!!Salmon - it had good flavor, but I might not get it again next time. loved the pairing with mushrooms, spinach and riceThe best part, they are open on Sundays!! I would like to try the patio next time, and I can't wait to be back again! Thank you for making my Sunday a better day!
4	Came here on a Sunday morning for brunch. Sat on their back patio on a beautiful day and started with $2 bloody mary & mimosa.When we decided on what we would order our server decides to mention some special, so we ordered those instead. Bbq prok belly sandwich and chorizo breakfast burrito. The pork belly sandwich was good, but maybe a tad too much bbq sauce for me- I suggest serving it on the side. The chorizo burrito, however, was a clear winner. This is cured chorizo (Spanish?) and it was AMAZING. Really good stuff here.If the chorizo burrito is added to the menu, then we will definitely be back for that.
4	Only been once so far, but very much enjoyed the food. Refreshing to have appropriately sized portions so I could enjoy my meal without being over stuffed. That said, I'd like the price to be about a dollar less across the board given said portions. Quality was spot-on though. I will be back.
2	A year ago, The Spot was our favorite place to go for Friday fish fry. They HAD a nice piece of Walleye spiced well and pan seared perfectly. The past two times I have been there, I was served 3-4 small pieces of greasy fish, maybe 2 ounces, definitely not more. The order typically comes with sweet potato pancakes though I often order seared greens instead because I can't eat gluten. But, my partner has ordered them off and on in the past and they HAD always been large, well seasoned, shredded, pan fried sweet potato pancakes. This last time, they were small, deep fat fried white potato discs. Clearly not the same quality or even the same food for that matter. The Spot is in our neighborhood, we have been frequent flyers, and while for the most part we have had other decent meals, ( some inconsistency), will never again order the fish.
5	I stopped by The Spot for dinner with a friend last week and was pleasantly surprised! I was a bit skeptical walking over that day because to be honest, I'd never heard of The Spot before.We split the artichoke ramekin (thanks to Yelp reviews) and both ended up getting the special that day which was walleye with mashed potatoes and asparagus with gravy. Both were truly delicious! The ramekin came with crostini and rice crackers--I liked both but favored the rice crackers. Normally, I'm the kinda girl who LOVES anything creamy. So when I realized that the artichoke dip, mashed potatoes, and gravy were not creamy, I was surprised at how much I loved it. It was pretty busy for a weekday but our server was kind and prompt and he left nothing to be desired! The pricing is reasonable and this seems like a good place to go for a nice and casual meal. I actually really love the space as it's smaller with dark wood floors and nice booths. It definitely feels homey and relaxed which is an atmosphere I enjoy.Also they have a great happy hour: Half Price Taps & Glasses of Wine, and $2 off Specialty Cocktails. The basil gimlet sounded great but I wasn't feeling up for a drink so I had the citrus-basil soda instead, which was sweet and refreshing.I hadn't heard about The Spot before I went, which is crazy because I live right down the street! I'm sure many other Madison locals might not have either and I HIGHLY recommend that you all check this place out and give it a go. I know I had a really great night, and will definitely be back in the future.
5	Have eaten here six times, now, and I'm struck by how much I've enjoyed each meal.  Happy hour in the bar area comes with half-priced beer and wine.  Always a decent offering of craft beer at the Spot.  A big snifter of Lake Louie - Louie's Reserve for just $3 bucks is hard to beat.Lately, Friday fish has been the draw for us.  My favorite fish special is the seared cobia.  Perfectly prepared -- seared with a nice crispy surface and a wonderfully rare core.  (Note:  this is a fairly adventurous dish.  Anyone squeamish about sashimi or tartare might want the salmon or walleye, instead.)  The super tasty pesto cream sauce seems an updated version of the traditional mustard-mayo sauce of tuna carpaccio, so it's perfect for the sushi-like fish.The filet floats atop a fluffy cloud of seriously yummy parmesan risotto.  The whole dish gets drizzled with an excellent balsamic reduction to tie it all together.  At first blush the fish filet seems small.  But that mild disappointment is only relative to the portions of restaurants that charge twice the price of this dish.  There won't be anything to take home in a doggy bag, but with the risotto and the nice pile of broccoli, it's plenty, especially at just $16.Dessert is awesome:  a savory pumpkin cheesecake, whose low-sweetness allows the pumpkin to really stand out.  The dish gets its sweetness instead from the candied pepitas, which are so flavorful and chewy, they must be fresh-roasted.  The bartender tells us the pastry chef is formerly of Harvest and Graze.When we first started eating at The Spot, I was addicted to the burgers.  I've tried all three of the burgers on the menu and would be hard-pressed to pick a favorite.  They're all half-pound patties, cooked to order on a beautiful roll, with a side of wilted mustard greens (or any side dish).  $8 for the basic burger, including the side dish?  No wonder I was addicted.
4	A friend that's native to Madison recommended this restaurant for an early Saturday dinner, and I owe him thanks for that.This very unassuming, yet simplistically charming place boasts great food and service.  It's in a place that may have been an old corner store or deli years ago.  One must traverse a large set of brick stairs from the street to access the dining room.The layout is a bit odd but appears to have been confined by some immovable structures.  What results is a small front dining room and a smaller back dining room with a bar.  But the outdoor patio deck is certainly the coveted location.  It's a beautiful oasis and you won't even know you are in the city.  More simple decor, like the interior, creates a warm and inviting environment.Cocktails were pretty fantastic.  My friend ordered a Vodka and Tonic ($6) for a tall with call Vodka from local darling Yahara Bay.  And my Bloody Mary ($7) had a great depth of flavor.  There was a definitive garlic taste but that was nicely balanced by worcestershire and celery salt.  A sold cocktail for sure.The friend I was dining with is celiac, and we had no problem ordering within those limits.  Our server was very knowledgeable and extremely accomodating to our questions.We started the meal with an order of Gorgonzola Chips ($6).  Thick cut house made potato chips are topped with a melted gorgonzola cream sauce built with cream, white pepper and basil.  This version of this dish fared much better than others that I've had elsewhere.  This sauce did not seize and stayed creamy and decadent the entire time we noshed.  And the basil was added in the perfect amount to been seen and tasted, but not to steal the show from the bold blue.Our second starter was the Vegetarian Trio ($10).  Three spreads; white bean and herb hummus, black olive tapenade and mihara were served aside house pickled grapes and carrots, goat cheese stuffed dates, figs, gluten free crostini and rice crackers.  The spreads were all great, each with a very deep and distinct flavor.  The pickled items balanced the richness of the spreads well.  And the figs and dates added just a touch of needed sweet.  It was very apparent that this was a very well thought out dish and for that we were very appreciative.Our shared entree was the Poor Man's Paella ($16).  Large shrimp, spicy chorizo, and basmati rice were seasoned by a blend of fresh diced tomatoes, bell peppers, paprika, fresh garlic, chili paste and fino sherry.  The base flavors were good but the overall dish was slightly overcooked and dry.  Just a tad more tomato and a bit less cooking and it would have been perfectly delightful.All three dishes were very plentiful and we could have been satisfied ending out meal there.  But two words changed all that:  Panna Cotta.  Specifically Homemade Mango Panna Cotta with Coconut Cream ($6).   This was one of the best panna cottas I've ever had!   The consistency was nearly that of flan and mango permeated every delectable bite.  The coconut cream topping was comprised of a lightly toasted coconut that brought out the richness which was a nice compliment to the naturally sweetened mango.   It was a great choice that I would make again in a heartbeat.With great service and a nearly flawless meal I will certainly make the choice to return here next time I'm in town.  And within minutes of leaving we were certain to send a message of gratitude to our friends that made the awesome recomendation, so I'm happy to pass that favor along to you and encourage you to check this place out.
5	This place is seriously great- food, service, drinks, everything. I get the catch of the day almost every time I come (4ish times a month) and it never disappoints, AND the Caesar salad is probably the best in the area. Also, the wait staff is phenomenal. Had vegan friends visiting several weeks ago and our waiter went way out of his way to accommodate.
4	I am happy to report that The Spot has regained my approval and my business. Four of us arrived around 5:30 on a Sunday evening. A few tables were busy but we were able to score a window table. The server was prompt, helpful and friendly. Two of us had cocktails which were excellent and reasonably priced. I had the evening special, walleye, which was served with rice and kale. The fish was one filet, nicely spiced with a lightly crisped skin. It was delicious.  Two of my companions had the salmon which was served with the same sides and one had the pasta and added chicken. Everyone was very satisfied. The fish eaters joined the " clean plate club". Half the pasta went home with my friend.I am glad The Spot survived the never ending construction on Johnson St. I look forward to going back soon.
5	Wednesday evening in mid-November, 6:30 pm dinner for four. We had a reservation; good idea since all tables were full by the time we ordered. The Spot is our local restaurant, and we absolutely love it! This evening we shared 4 ways an order of Gorgonzola Chips (nice and hot, very tasty). Hubby and I split a crispy and well dressed Caesar salad. He had the Chef's Catch (catfish and seared greens, best ever says he) and I had the pork tenderloin with squash (nicely seasoned and well presented). We each had dessert; bar beverages were $14.50 Our total bill before tip and tax was $78. The Spot is small and cozy. It's one of the few places downtown where you can converse over dinner without having to yell (ie compete with loud music or lots of other people talking in a room with hard walls/floors/ceiling).
5	Low key, high quality, relaxed service and a simple noveau-bistro style menu that delivers a lot of bang for the buck.  Want to get away from the crowd at Sardine and have a better meal for less?  Enjoy.
5	The Spot has got to be one of my favorite places in Madison. I chanced upon it while browsing Yelp for Madison restaurants that took reservations. We had a party of 9 and looked up pictures online to see if the place could accommodate such a large group. I was initially wary but went ahead and made a reservation for 9. The manager reassured me through the phone that they are able to sit up to 10 people comfortably in their back room/bar area and she was right.The service from the beginning was great. We had Quinn who was very friendly and helpful. We started with an order of Gorgonzola Chips which were absolutely delicious. The serving size is definitely not meant for a group of 9 but it managed to keep us satisfied until our entrees arrived. Before dinner, I had my heart set on the Poor Man's Paella but once Quinn mentioned the scallop linguine special, I was sold. The scallops were huge and the linguine was very tasty. Other people in my group ordered the Clam Chowder, Cilantro Pesto Scallops, Sun Dried Tomato Pasta, Cioppino, Pork Tenderloin, Spot Burger and the Fish Fry special - all of which got rave reviews. When we were all getting our entrees, my friend who ordered the burger was approached by Quinn and told that his burger was dropped as it was being plated. Quinn was quick to offer him a glass of wine and a bowl of clam chowder on the house.Since our group was out for my birthday dinner, I was told by Quinn that I had a choice of dessert on the house. He suggested the Salted Caramel Sundae and it didn't disappoint. I was expecting a small bowl of ice cream and instead got 5 large scoops drizzled in chocolate on top of a layer of pecans. It was the perfect size for our already satisfied group.I couldn't have asked for anything better for my birthday dinner and I will surely be back for the Poor Man's Paella!
4	We were attending a holiday theater event on Capital Square so we wanted somewhere close for an early dinner. We wanted nice but not self-important, precious over-expensive "fine dining". We wanted modern, neighborhood place with a calm feel and decent wine. The Spot hit .... (wait for it).... the spot!The spousal unit started with a vodka basil gimlet (nice) had the Cioppino (very nice) and a roasted root vegetable salad. The roots lacked a 'roasted' taste and needed a bit more tarragon vinaigrette dressing (which was quickly provided). I had the excellent poor man's paella (giant shrimp!), a simple Caesar salad and a glass of very nice Oregon Pinot Noir.The Spot offers an extended happy hour 4-7PM and half-price wine Mondays. Go check it out. Every neighborhood should have a place like this. Spot on!!
5	This place is AMAZING. Quiet, intimate environment. Sophisticated, personal service. And a delicious selection. They made modifications to the meals as we requested and even gave us a free bowl of sorbet.  I cannot recommend highly enough. Quinn- you are awesome. Brandon and Erica- best chefs in Madison. Thanks for a great meal.
5	I am giving it 5 stars. The back patio was cozy and comfortable. The staff was gracious and friendly, and provided great service. The food was great, the wine & cocktail selection was also terrific. Indoor ambiance, a bit mixed. The back bar, super cute, the front booths a bit awkward but hardly a deal breaker. I went in mid-October, and it was the perfect time to enjoy it!
3	Great service and the appetizer and chefs catch were amazing. However, the spot burger was the worst burger I've ever had. The prosciutto on top of the burger was all squished together into a big plasticy pile. The bread was soggy because of all of the "pepper catsup" that both sides of the bun were dunked in. The meat (kNOches) was awful, tasted metallicy and made me feel sick. This burger had a lot of potential but it was incredibly disappointing. I really wanted to love this place!! Everything else was great, but the low quality of the burger was disappointing enough to make me think twice about coming back.
