3	Very strange store only open 2 days a week. pajar makes many awesome shoes, they just don't sell them here. The good stuff is at the 5 star malls. The crap they don't sell gets sent here.
2	I don't get the excitement over this place. It's only open two days a week. And they have absolutely nothing of interest on the shelves. Pajar makes beautiful shoes and boots, they just don't sell them in this location. They sell them the places like browns and B2 and little burgundy. The only shoes you'll find here are shoes that weren't nice enough to be sold in real shoe stores five years ago when they were in style. And on top of that, the last time I walked in there I got the rudest service I've ever seen in a shoe store. Some middle-aged lady with an attitude problem and a chip on her shoulder forgot what she did for a living. If you don't like your job do something else.
1	it simply sucks!i remember the place selling discounted/clearance shoes, mainly running shoes (nike, reebok, adidas, etc.) and they had deals like 2 for 1 or something to that effect. and it was awesome especially when you were still in school and we didn't have little burgundy or any other kind of shoe stores. you'd go with friends to share those awesome deals. you know, not having enough for 2 pair of shoes so you bring a friend and end up paying less than you would normally.then, don't know when, it became a pajar warehouse offering discounted old seasons boots and shoes. it sounds great as pajar is up there with sorel (well, in terms of popularity at least) but this place, its simply ugh.. it still have the warehouse feel, i mean, its a warehouse but their selection, its worst than what you'd find at no name shoe brand stores. and price wise, the discounts are quite laughable. service ain't great. it smells weird. its a clusterf*ck of a place. it feels like you're stepping into a flea market without finding any treasure. its quite an eyesore for the neighborhood. and quite frankly, the only reason one would step in is in hope of finding something even though, the probability of leaving empty handed is extremely high!
1	This company is a major joke , I ordered a $215.00 pair of boots on October 9th and today is November 19th and still no product !!!! I have called multiple times and the people are extremely rude and not helpful at all. Their site says it ships next business day ..... REALLY ???? And it was not a special order .
1	Very disappointed with my Pajar rain boots, and even more with the company! I bought beautiful Pajar ankle rain boots last April, wore them a few days until summer arrived, and really started wearing them in the fall, until I noticed the rubber underneath both boots cracked. Original box and receipt in hand, I brought them back to Sports Expert where I was told they would deal with Pajar to have these replaced. A few days later, Sports Expert told me Pajar couldn't help me, as their warranty is not 6 months as advertised on their website, but now only 90 days. I proceeded to call Pajar's warranty department myself, where I was told that the warranty is now in fact 90 days. Really? Howcome their website still advertises a 6 month warranty?If a company is willing to reduce their 6 month warranty to a 3 month warranty on their boots, it's clearly because they have no faith in their products. At the time I purchased the boots, the warranty was 6 months and I've had them for 8. I understand I'm 2 months over the limit, but why such low standards anyway?? How can a company expect their customers to maybe experience problems within the first 3 months only? When speaking with a Pajar representative at their warranty department, I felt like they didn't care about their customers. They would clearly prefer cash in the money they make on these low-quality boots than to make customers happy. Nothing was offered to me, not even a thank you for taking the time to contact them. Boots are not simply boots; they're an investment we customers make in the hopes that this will be it for a while. I've lost all respect for this company that prides itself on having great quality products, when it fact, quality has considerably deteriorated, since less and less products are made in Canada.I would like to add that this is not my first time experiencing problems with boots. In the past, I've dealt with other companies such as Sorel, and what a difference! Sorel offers a flexible one year warranty on all their products. Just last month, after speaking with them and shipping them the defective boots (without even having the original box and receipt), my husband got the same brand new pair of boots shipped to him. No arguing, no fuss; just a wonderful and attentive customer service.I've learned my lesson! No more Pajar for me, that's for sure!(Please note that this review was posted on Pajar Canada's Facebook page but it was repeatedly deleted. It seems it's easier for them to disregard their consumers' dissatisfaction than to do something about it.)
