2	Since I live near this restaurant I really wanted it to be great. It wasn't. In fact, I'll probably never go again. Both of our orders were cold when they were brought out and even if they had been hot, I don't think they would have been that special. The decor our waitress were nice, but the food was sub par. It's a shame since this location changes ownership so frequently, but this place is destined not to last.
4	Very good pizza and very unique. You need to try this place at least once. The only downsides are that it's a little small on the inside, and while they have a large outdoor seating section, it's at a busy intersection so it can get very loud at times.
4	I can easily forgive the spotty service because the room is so pleasant, the menu is inventive and the food is worth the wait. I did not think I could be delighted by a simple chicken sandwich, but the bread alone makes it a standout.
4	Small but quirky place has lots of character and good pizza. The interior is tiny but cozy, and the bar area is nice.We sat outside, and while the patio is fairly spacious, it is quite close to the road and intersection.While we were outside, seven police cruisers stormed by, sirens wailing.Kind of indicative of an area that is still in transition maybe.The pizza and beer were good, and the service was friendly and prompt.I would definitely visit again.
4	Agree- decent food for a decent price. The fun thing about Intermezzo is that it has a cozy, laid back international feel to it. The inside is small so big groups will have to sit outside.
4	This place is interesting. The patio is beautiful, with a great view of the skyline. It's a little crowded inside, but the patio is big enough to accommodate a great, big family.The food is good, the price is very reasonable, and you get the whole excitement of Plaza Midwood without the crowds of the Penguin or other places in the same area. I think Brett M.'s word "quirky" is a great word to describe Intermezzo.
4	Visited Intermezzo on the recommendation of a friend. Like some other Italian style Charlotte restaurants, this one isn't run by Italians, but Eastern Europeans - which has resulted in a great pizza menu (haven't branched out yet) and some unique offerings, like a Balkan stuffed pizza. I haven't tried it yet - I keep telling myself "next time," but I haven't been able to get away from the mushroom or spinach pizzas. The kabob was only so-so (my husband got it once) but we were back a week or two ago and they've cut it from the menu. GREAT drink specials on Saturdays (half off their martini list) and Wednesdays (half off mixed drinks, top shelf liquors) and they have some excellent - and varied - choices for beer on draft. Everybody's friendly and the prices are good.Occasionally there are too many servers, in my experience - they loiter around next to the bar waiting for work. (I have only been here in the winter, though...summer might be a different thing.) Overall, one of my new favorite places for a night out.
3	After driving by time and time again on our way to the Thomas Street area, we attempted to eat at Dish (closed on Sunday?) so we ended up at Intermezzo. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside. At first the beeping from the crosswalk was annoying, then they turned on some music and it sort of drowned it out and it was not really an issue. Food-wise, it was good. We went with the Piroska (calzone-like thing) and a spinach pizza. The Piroska was pretty good with mushrooms, ham, mozzarella and ricotto cheese. The spinach pizza was okay, we thought it was a little bland overall. Our server was excellent and friendly. Overall, nothing that would make me want to return right away, but it was good.
3	I've been here often but things have slipped, foodwise. Our four mushroom pizza had only a handful of limp slivers -- not the juicy assortment we'd had before. And the roasted veggie pizza offered only a handful of chopped onions and other diced greens rather than the smokey slices we'd enjoyed previously. Anyone can have an off night so we'll try again.
5	Great food, friendly service, and excellent drink and food specials every day.  This is a superb neighborhood spot, and worth a trip, too.  Don't make the mistake of thinking that pizza dominates the menu; there are a lot of great Italian and Balkan dishes available.If you like dining al fresco, there are just as many tables in the nicely designed patio area as inside.  Pretty nice view Charlotte's evolving skyline, too.Go, and you won't be disappointed.
3	Went here this past week and had some decent pizza.  Nothing spectacular, but decent.  I got the 4 cheese pizza and I really did enjoy it but I was actually surprised it had red sauce on it.  I was just expecting a white pizza for some reason.  The beer selection was kind of small, but I can always find something I like so that wasn't a problem.  And overall, the service was very good.  The waitress was attentive but not overbearing.  Finding a decent pizza/Italian place in NC is kind of rare, so I would definitely go back.  The best part was the patio with the great view of the skyline.  However, I do wish the other buildings around there were a bit nicer.  It would be better if it was slightly farther down Central.  Check it out if you're in the area!
5	Good food, cool atmosphere, outdoor seating and drink specials!  Check it out...
2	I really want to like this place.  I've been before and remember the pizza being okay.  I ordered something that closely resembled hamburger helper with cheese sauce.  I really didn't care that it looked like that, but I did care that it was frozen in the middle.  The  adult beverage was lackluster as well.  I really wished that someone would have checked back to see if I was enjoying my meal.
5	Great food w/ Eastern European flair.  In fact, that's where the owner is from.  The patio is the best part with a great view of the skyline.  Great spot for cool casual dining.  Good drink specials.  I love this place...no complaints!
4	Good pizza and decent service.  Would've enjoyed more refills on water...but overall friendly service.  Really enjoyed the spinach supreme pizza!  Price was reasonable for the quality of food and atmosphere of the restaurant.
5	Great food and cool space. Have tasted a lot of the menu and it never lets me down. I think it is the best pizza in Charlotte.
4	This is more than just another pizza place!!I am tired of reading reviews calling this spot "another Italian place" for this could not be further from the truth. The owners of this interesting space are actually Serbian and the best dishes on the menu are Eastern European rather than Italian.I assume most people are making this Italian reference due to the large pizza section on the menu. The pizza is pretty tasty and a good crowd pleaser but the real gems on this menu are the more unusual items. My hands down favorite item  is the Ground Beef Burek. This is house made phyllo dough stuffed with ground beef and onions and served with a cucumber sauce (similar to a chunky tzatziki sauce) and a salad. Now I admit this isn't the first thing that I thought about ordering but the server my wife and I had on our first visit almost insisted we try it. And I am very glad he did!! I am addicted to the Burek and eat it almost once a week! The menu also features a Spinach and Cheese Burek which is also very good. The Sarma (cabbage rolls) are also excellent as are the stuffed peppers. If you want something a bit lighter, the sandwiches, which are served on house made bread and toasted on a wood-fired grill, are great. You will be hard pressed to find a restaurant in Charlotte with more house-made items, particularly at the price point offered at Intermezzo. Intermezzo makes their own bread, their own Mozzarella, and their own Phyllo dough (if there is another rest aunt in Charlotte making their own phyllo I would be surprised). Another reason this spot sticks out is their use of wood fired ovens, grills and stoves. And this place actually uses wood, rather than just saying it on their menu like some other local pizzerias (particularly ones that start with "B" and end with "xx"). If the food wasn't enough, there is a full bar, a limited but well selected beer and wine list, and some of the best drink specials in town. The only down side is the interior is small and if you are coming with more than 4 people you may have to sit on the patio or in separate booths. However, the awesome food if worth this small annoyance. If you go to this gem in Charlotte be bold and look past the pizza, and make sure at least one person orders the Burek!!
5	I loved this place. The atmosphere is laid-back & casual with a cool upscale feel. The bar is centrally located.  Not many tables inside, but more seating is available on the patio when weather permits.We came here on a Saturday night last winter. Every table was full, so we sat at the bar. The pizza looked great, but we wanted to try Serbian dishes.  The bartender (owner?) was friendly and fun and helped us decide what to eat.We started with the shopska salad. Tomatoes were not in season, and the bartender apologized for that, but the salad was dressed well and the feta cheese (sheep's milk) was delicious. Then we ordered and split the spinach burek and cabbage rolls - hearty, hot, wonderful flavors. Both were really great and the sauces were incredible. The bread was dense and crusty.I think this is a special place and I would love to go back! It will be hard to not order that same meal all over again ...
4	Took us, what, 2 years to finally get over here? Laaaaaame.Comfily-dark lighting, high ceilings, back-friendly booths, and the smell of that wood-burning pizza oven = instachill. One of the best environs in the area for the full package: ze dreeenking, eating, and talking. Food? Eh. Had the entire veg range at this point, and the peak was the Lasagna (which was awesome). Don't get me wrong, it's all better than OK - but as I'm eating my pizza funghi, I'm wishing for stronger flavor, and leaning on the salt shaker. My piroska is breadier than I imagined, and I end up sipping beer with each bite to get my kicks. What I want is to be distracted from their awesome pours (hello, Unibroue! I've missed you!!) for even just a second by something noshable. And guys, a little salt never hurt nobody.Does it matter? Nah. Service is awesome. Space is 5stars+. So the food has some wiggle room. But what if...
5	Good chill place in Plaza Midwood.  Casual with indoor and outdoor seating.  Good lighting and TV's for game days!  Had Grilled Vegetable Pasta and took our server's recommendation on the Sarma (Cabbage Rolls).  Loved it all.  Many other items on the menu looked really good (including the pizza)!  Look forward to going back to try more!
4	For some reason the first time we went to Intermezzo I wasn't really impressed.  It was right when they first opened and we sat outside in the heat with lots of traffic passing by.  We didn't even wander inside.  I wish I'd known that dining inside is a completely different experience.  This time around I loved Intermezzo!  The atmosphere was very cool and cozy and had that Plaza Midwood feel.  They have cool local art work on the brick walls and they had kind of a funky music playlist that half the time included rave/techno ish music and the rest of the time was more low key alternative.I don't know if it was just because I was starving, but I thought their pizza was amazing!  I actually ventured to say it's my new favorite pizza in Charlotte.  We had the supreme style pizza and all the veggies were so fresh and full of flavor.  Yum!  Plus they topped if off with slices of tomato which I'm not usually a big fan of but this time around I thought it was delicious.  Their menu isn't terribly extensive but it doesn't matter to me because I will always be ordering this pizza from now on.
5	Went here on a Saturday evening around 11:30 and while I went with a friend, my first impression of this place was "Wow, great little romantic place for a date!". With exposed brick walls, low lighting and some rustic Italian/Baroque charm (think Milan art gallery, not Olive Garden decor). The bar was full and a few booths had people, but we didn't have to wait and got a little booth by a window looking out at the street.Saturdays they have 1/2 priced martinis so I indulged and got a Honeydew martini as well as a Berry martini and both were amazing. The Berry had over 6 liqueurs in it, so needless to say I was a happy camper only having to pay $4.50 for it!My friend ordered the Fungi pizza and it was great - the crust wasn't thin like a cracker but was just thick enough to give a great wood grilled taste and allow the fresh ingredients to really speak for themselves. I had the Intermezzo salad (balsamic dressing came on top and it was a BIT oily for my taste) and the veggie lasagna. The lasagna was a spot on choice. I dare say it's the best I've ever had with wood grilled vegetables, an aromatic array of spices, a nice chunky but light marinara and fresh Parmesan on top. Our meal also came out with homemade bread cut into 4 pieces which was just icing on the cake - the bread was just hands down impressive and really a memorable addition to the meal (how often do you get to say that about bread??!?!).Our server was Trey and he was a great balance between attentive and relaxed, and was so warm it definitely made a great impression on us - we left saying "Can't wait to go back!".Excited to try some of their Eastern European dishes next time....
4	if you like carbs this is the best place you can go. practically everything on the menu is bread and cheese based. everything is so good. best way to describe it is just good mediteranean style foods. italian, greek and eastern europe flavors all mixed together
5	My stand-by restaurant, and the one I probably frequent most in Charlotte.  Why?  The food is consistently excellent, and the service is great.  Eric, Georgie (one of the the owners) and the other lovely waiter whose name I don't know(!) always go out of their way to make everyone feel at home).  I recommend the Breakfast and Spinach Ricotta Pizzas as well as the Wood-fired Vegetable Sandwich--all are delish.  If they have any Balkan specials, those are worth trying too b/c the dudes who own this place are totally representing their motherland.  As an added plus, they always have great drink specials (e.g., half-off martinis on Saturdays) and appetizers are 50% between 5-7pm (I recommend the corn dip and portabello mushroom tower).  Their outdoor seating area is a big hit in the warmer months, too, and is a good place for groups.
4	Ahh Intermezzo your 1/2 price martini's on Sat. Night made me so happy....I must have tried at least six  different kinds and all be back for the cantaloupe.  This restaurant is such a great find the staff is very friendly the place is small but has a great outdoor seating area when the warmer weather arrives you'll find me here.Let's talk about food as suggested by fellow yelpers i went for the beef burek delicious the homemade phyllo dough was unbelievable.  Make sure to order some apps the corn dip and goat cheese crostini's were a big hit. I can't wait to get back and try some pizza!
4	Nice ambience. Friendly staff.  Fantastic food.  1/2 price Martini's.  What else could you ask for?!  The menu said the food is Serbian and since I've never had Serbian food (nor could I point out Serbia on a map), my friend suggested I try a dish.  I ordered the Spinach and Cheese Burek and was extremely pleased.  It's enormous and comes with a delightful side salad made of mixed greens... scrumptious.  Their homemade filo dough was the lightest and fluffiest ever, coupled with warm warm spinach and cheese... this dish definitely brought a smile to my face.  I went on a Saturday night so the martini's were 1/2 priced (originally they range from $8-10).  I had a dirty martini (yummy!), a Pink Lady (very strong and made with tequila), a Pamarita (pomegranate... two thumbs up) and the Espresso Martini (I still have dreams about this one).  I also recommend the Mint Chocolate Chip martini which tastes like ice cream.  Of course when I went we were on a girls night out so it was a perfect place but I also recommend visiting this place for date night or when you're just looking for someplace cool to hang.  It's not too loud, the lighting is a little moody and the staff is very friendly.  This is a must visit in Charlotte.
4	Like the neighbourhood joint, but better. A solid, Italian-ish menu (everyone seems to rave about the lasagne, but I am a huge fan of the portabello stack) and an incredible service staff (seriously, we don't go in often - every few months, at best - and the servers always comment on our last visit and follow up about whatever it was we chatted about on the previous) make it a place that is worth adding to your rounds. Cosy, friendly, and delicious. What more are you looking for?
4	Many thanks to Yelp for introducing me to a restaurant I likely never would have ventured to otherwise! The reviews for Intermezzo were great, so my expectations were high. I met 2 friends here on one of those uncharacteristically warm, still technically winter, Charlotte days, just to give you an idea of the perfection I had ingrained in my mind. Intermezzo did NOT disappoint. It met my high standards, and then some. As I waited for my friends to arrive, I caught a whiff of, what I believe was the Garlic Braided Twist appetizer. Must try them next time. They smelled UNREAL. We began with the antipasto plate and Portobello Mushroom Tower. They were both great! I loved the assortment of meats and cheeses, and the goat cheese on the Mushroom Tower was so creamy and just, perfect really. Next time, I will ask for a bread basket. I ordered the Sarma (Cabbage Rolls) as my entree. With all of the amazing sounding Serbian dishes on the menu, I figured, do as the Serbians do! I may as well have licked my plate. One friend ordered a pizza. She raved! I was too busy wolfing down Sarma and my other friend's food to get a bite. The other dish I tried was the Blackened Chicken Pasta. The menu's description doesn't sound that enticing, but I was in chili powder heaven. It was subtly spicy, smoky, creamy, rich... Ok--remind me not to write restaurant reviews when I haven't had my lunch. GO TO INTERMEZZO!
4	My first visit to Intermezzo was a few months ago because LaurynC wanted to give it a try. Well I am sold! We went back again the following weekend for a girl's night and it was just as good as the week before. On Saturdays they have  1/2 price martinis...you can't beat that! Everyone at the table had something different off the menu and everyone was more than happy with their choices. I will say the goat cheese appetizer and the corn dip appetizer were both amazing...we got them both weekends. Of all the places I have eaten in Charlotte, this place has one of the best atmospheres. It is so warm and welcoming inside and I can't wait to sit out on the patio this spring. Oh and definitely try the mint chocolate chip martini...I had it for dessert and it was AMAZING!
5	Heeeellllooo Serbian Food! We strolled in pretty late Friday and the bartender welcomed us right in. Went with a water and this great Berry Martini - I highly recommend it! We split two dishes - one was Karadjordjeva which was so tasty and unique. The other dish was my favorite but I cannot remember what exactly it was called- it had a lemony sauce and was amazing ( I know- not much help here) I definitely need to try it out again!
5	Absolutely love this place. I always get the chicken florentine pizza which is out of this world! Everything is always fresh the crust is amazing. They have pretty good drink specials and the waiter is always nice & welcoming. I dine here at least once a week otherwise I would be dreaming about intermezzo's! Me and a friend recently tried something different & it was equally amazing as well
5	Best pizza and Serbian food.  The owner and service are outstanding.  Try the homemade Sharma!
4	I can honestly say that I think this is the first time I've had Serbian food. And I'm a fan, thanks Intermezzo! Not only does Intermezzo have a great patio, with plenty of fans mind you, they sport a cozy interior and a really unique menu of pizzas and Serbian items I haven't indulged in before. I popped in here for a quick lunch with a friend and while I ordered the grilled vegetable sandwich, I had a severe case of food envy when I saw my friend's dish come out - the ground beef burek. It looked like a pretzel roll and a beef slider had a baby. And she was quite pleased with it too!Onto my sandwich, two pieces of delicious crusty bread hugged wood fired squash, portabella mushrooms, asparagus, zucchini, tomatoes. The best part though? The incredible goat cheese spread that was thinly layered beneath the veggies - I would like that in a cup, please. I chose the roasted potatoes as my side - nice and toasty, with a pleasant crisp. Prices and service were both friendly and I definitely want to head back and try a myriad of their Serbian dishes. And maybe a pizza. Times two.
5	I've been here twice now, and I love this place. The atmosphere is my favorite thing about it. It is a place in which I would enjoy becoming a regular.  The outdoor seating on the front patio is very inviting. The drink list is vast, and the pizza is fab. All employees I have encountered have been great! I wish I lived closer so I could hang out there more.
4	A friend and I decided to try this establishment on a rainy friday evening. Parking was iffy but we managed to find a spot. It was nice to see so many patrons. That is always a good sign.We had to wait just 10 min or so to be seated and my only complaint here is the lack of a comfortable waiting area. Small gripe though. While waiting we were able to watch plenty of food coming out of the kitchen (which looked great) and everyone seemingly having a good time. We were ultimately led to a small table outside. This is where the service starts to slip. It took far too long for someone to get our drink orders. I think they were just understaffed that night. Moving on...We couldn't decide what we wanted but finally settled on the goat cheese crostini and a large pizza (I confess I cannot remember which one). The appetizer had great flavor and the bread was clearly made with care. My date liked it so much she ate the crusty edges I discarded.As for the pizza...fantastic! The crust was nearly perfect with a slightly crispy exterior and a light and chewy interior. The amount of sauce was perfect and it was very fresh tasting and tangy. The cheese and toppings were clearly of above average quality and used appropriately. My date said best pizza she has had in charlotte...but there are others to try. Says a lot that it is her benchmark. I still think Portofinos is its equal if not a different style of pizza altogether.Will I return? Without a doubt. I want to try some of the Serbian entrees. Yelp did not let me down this time.
5	First let's start off with the service. Waitress Julie B. was awesome. She was very warm and very quick on the welcome. She gave us our menus and our drinks were on the table in seconds. She gave us a little time to check out the menu then came to our rescue to tell us the best things to get. Boy was she ever spot on. My wife and I started off with the Intermezzo Salad with the balsamic vinaigrette. I don't know about you, but I am not a salad eater, but this salad I could eat all day long. The sweet vinaigrette, and the home made mozzarella really set that badboy off. Julie then ran off a list of her favorite items until we told her to stop at the pizza. We ordered half capriccioso and half intermezzo, and from then on it was nothing but lip smacking and finger lickin. I have had pizzas in NY, Chicago, SF and plenty of other places in the US, but this little corner restraunt in Charlotte is the best I have ever tasted. I'm not just saying this, try it for yourself. The crust was perfect;y crispy and not too thin, nor too thick. They make the dough by hand, and all of the ingredients are fresh. You can taste the freshness as if you were in the garden when they pick  the basil and tomatos. After we downed the pizza it was dessert time. We got the crepe with bananas, strawberrys, and hazelnut choclate sauce and that immediately put me in heaven and didn't want to come down. If you haven't been to this little hole in the wall spot, then please go. You will be back. You will find yourself forgetting about Papa John's.
5	Tried for the first time last night after reading all the great reviews. I must say I was not disappointed. My boyfriend and I started out with a margarita pizza which we loved. They even make the mozzarella cheese in house. For dinner I ordered the Beef Burek and my boyfriend ordered Karadjordjeva. While I loved my food and the flaky philo dough my boyfriend def out ordered me. His food was amazing with ham and cheese wrapped in pork all breaded and topped with a tartar sauce. It was so cheesy and wonderful we will definitely  order it again. Our waiter was also awesome. This is now my new fave in charlotte.
4	Went for dinner and it was slammed. Staff seemed to be overwhelmed. Turned out they had just released a Groupon and everyone in town had cashed in on it. Despite a wait, Adam was a super nice server and took care of us.App: Portabello Mushroom Tower - wouldn't call this a tower, more like a small speedbump but it was good, goat cheese was deliciousEntree: Vege Lasagna - great, really like the sauceEntree: Wood Grilled Vegetable Sandwich - dining companion had this and she raved about itAlso liked the small, cozy bricked interior - good stuff.
5	First let me start off by stating if it says Pizzeria in the name I must eat one period(.)? Excellent: Appetizers:Started with corn dip, and garlic twists photos), Both were excellent, corn dip like a crab dip but with sweet corn, just has to be experienced. The garlic twist also very good and an excellent sign on how the pizza crust would come out. You can tell they care about presentation on the twist to take the time to braid it. Pizza:One of the best pizzas in Charlotte I've ever had, crust was perfect, crispy and doughy just where it need to be. I did have to get the supreme, not my choice, forced by family. All ingredients were high quality, and just as good reheated, cheese didn't turn that melted barbie doll color the next day either.Ground Beef Burek:House made Fillo Dough, Ground Beef, Onions or Cheese, Spinachserved with a side salad with Balsamic Glaze.This was also very good and someone took alot of time to make it, which shows the professional pride of the Chef or Serbian Grandmother in the back making it.  Please remember it is ground beef and there are limitationsChicken Something?:Not listed on online menuNot sure what called but was sauteed in wine garlic and stuff, sorry not going to elaborate but my nine year old daughter ate more than see usually does of anything.  Service:Trey our waiter was excellent, very attentive and informative and also had a great personality.Intangibles:Also looks like might not be that bad of a bar to hang out and a beer or 3.The bad;The distance I live from this placeThe gravel parking lot for a freshly cleaned car..... sorry a little vain
4	Used my Groupon ticket here - picked it up on a whim and it was well worth it.  Ordered the special of the day - Chicken, Shrimp, Chicken, Mussels, Andouille Sausage on Saffron Rice cooked with Peppers.  My friend ordered the veggie lasagna.  I didn't try his veggie lasagna, bc we were already eating dinner together and it seemed fruity to do so! I'm insecure ;]Food was delicious.  It tasted very good and served in reasonable portions.  It definitely had a home-cooked feel to it which for some reason always hits the belly a little better than "restaurant" food.  It was like fireworks going off in my mouth - the way the melange of flavors were distinct, yet blended well.  One word to describe it would be: Elegant - defined as "simple but genius"Service was attentive and informative.  I didn't even finish my diet Coke, I mean, Coke Zero (manlier) and server had my next one ready (kinda just had to drink it bc it was prepared)How did this place miss out on 5 stars?  Dishes were slightly overpriced. Slight meaning like $1 or $1.50 overpriced.  Will I come here again? Absolutely.  I recommend it highly as it is a perfect blend of home-cooked and deliciousness.Parking lot sucks - it's gravel ;/dmo out
4	Ordered Pizza there last weekend - and sadly they lost a star. While it was better than your local Dominoes or that yucky Papa John's people in NC seem to enjoy ...it wasn't as good as Hawthornes or even Fuel in my opinion. The sauce was kind of bland-could have used garlic or something and truthfully the cheese pizza lacked cheesiness. Instead of being gooey and melty - it kind of seemed too baked on. I'd go here for the Serbian fare but no pizza for me next time.
4	This is my new place to take somebody from out of town, dates, or just chow down with friends.The place is very comfortable and clean. Their beer selection is great (try the Effemer Apple beer).Appetizers are slightly pricey  but tasty and well worth it. The menu will have you bartering with friends (you get ____, I'll give you some of my ____) and planning on future visits. I had the Karadjordjeva and it was delicious.I planned on trying their desserts (which sound amazing) but I was too full. Go here. You won't regret it.
4	Casual dining, but everything is just so yummy! I was looking for something outside the usual to show my mom the range of eateries in Charlotte and Intermezzo hit the buttons for different. Serbian. And close to uptown for a look at the lights.Greeted warmly, we took a table inside. Not the widest menu, but the choices were excellent.We started with the garlic twists. Excellent choice - light and fluffy with a marinara sauce to dip in. All gone! For the mains, since my mom is a veggie, she had the vegetarian lasagna and really enjoyed it. I went with the stuffed cabbage and wow, it was excellent. Thick cabbage leaves with a spicy (not hot spicy, this is tasty spicy) ground beef and rice mix in a broth that was served with a loaf of homemade bread. I used up all the bread to soak up the fab broth.For dessert, we went with the fruit stuffed crepes. Fresh (not frozen) strawberries and banana slices with a hazlenut chocolate drizzle.  There was some fighting involved for the last bit.Interesting beer choices, I had a Belgian wheat beer that was excellent.Strong recommendation! Great food, nice ambiance!
5	The prices are on par with LA but thankfully the food and service are as well.   Thin style pizzas done in the Northern Italian style (they claim to be Serbian) very similar to Pavich's in San Pedro Ca (which is Croatian). Housemade crust stretched very thin cook fully crisp, lightly sauced, house made mozzarella (!), FRESH toppings.  House salad was straight forward lightly dressed. Ricotta/goat cheese croistini was delish and half priced before 7pm. Creme Brullee was done well if a smallish portion.  Milk Rabbit beer on tap.
5	Trey, our server had us as soon as he said: "We're just a small locally owned restaurant with a Mama and two boys. We don't have a freezer or a deep fryer, we make everything, including our mozzarella in house". How could I NOT love this place!It's got a cozy interior, most everything is made in-house, and our server was super helpful in recommending dishes and telling us about how each is made. Just don't whiz by and miss this place, because it's easy to do, despite it's prominent position smack dab in the intersection of some busy streets. To the food!Appetizer, Ricotta/Goat Cheese Crostini: Super fresh tasting ricotta and goat cheeses, melted and toasted on a pizza crust like bread, light and airy and super crisp. Delish!Margarita Pizza: Just how I like it.  Fresh home made mozz, big slices of tomato, plenty of basil and the crust in a crunchy, chewy, olive oil brushed crust.  Super fresh. The creme de la creme...the jewel of our meal...the warm-your-insides-on-a-brisk-fall-day...the stuffed cabbage. We were told the cabbage is pickled in a barrel for a month, then stuffed with bacon, ground beef and other ingredients, and cooked for 4 hours until it's delightfully tender and flavorful.  The two stuffed cabbages come in a super savory, salty broth you sop up with either the homemade bread, or...what we did, our pizza crusts. The strawberry, banana and hazelnut chocolate crepe was recommended to us, and perfectly eggy, lacy and brown on the edges...with a nice cup of tea it was the perfect ending to our meal. Intermezzo is definitely my latest restaurant obsession!TIP: Mama loves Tennis and Djokovic so the Tennis Channel was on both the TVs we saw. Our good service, delicious food and stories behind the restaurant made me want to write Djokovic's agent, and ask if he could send Mama an autographed photo.
4	I always assumed this was just a pizza place, but it is so much more!  Tasty pizzas as well as some interesting Serbian dishes as well.  There is a nice outdoor seating area, though it is plagued a little by the busy intersection outside.
4	Solid 4 stars... verging on 4.5 stars for Intermezzo!  I will definitely come back and try their other menu offerings.A small group of us went on a chilly Thursday evening.  The bar regulars looked to be out in force but the dining room was pretty quiet.  It did pick up a little towards the end, but I did appreciate the cozy environment, the available art (for sale) on the walls, and the personable and nice service.Definitely needed a martini to drown out the workday so I asked the barkeep/server if he had recommendations and he recommended the French Martini.  I had been eyeing it on the menu so that's what I went with.  For my dinner, I was determined to order some Serbian delight... and went with the Ground Beef Burek.  It was accompanied by a side of greens with a balsamic drizzle.  Super yummy... it was a big plate of food and I ate it ALL.  Unfortunately didn't have room for dessert based on my entree and my (multiple) martinis.Overall a great place.  I'm already planning my return trip!Side Note:  It also helps, being an avid tennis fan (and wannabe player) that the current #1 player in the world Novak Djokovic is Serbian.  Now I doubt this diet regime would include the items offered here to maintain his fitness, but I have no doubt he would totally be eating at Intermezzo whenever (if ever) he comes to Charlotte for some "home" cookin'.
4	This is a fun little pizzeria/Serbian food restaurant that is very unassuming on the outside, yet quite charming inside.  The brick and exposed beams create a cozy, slightly rustic atmosphere.I ordered the grilled veggie sandwich and was very impressed.  The fresh baked bread, goat cheese, and lightly grilled fresh veggies was the perfect combination for a light-ish meal.  Our server was awesome, we had everything we needed at all points during the meal.  The cost was extremely reasonable.  This place is great for a low key dinner or lunch.
4	Cozy place with old brick charm that manages to successfully bridge the 602km, two countries (Slovenia and Croatia), and the Adriatic Sea  to offer both traditional Serbian and Italian fare. Somehow, this formula works!Came here on a late fall Friday night around 6:00pm and was able to get seated immediately, though things soon changed. By 7:00 there were people waiting in line to sit outside, though the enclosed (and actually acceptably warm) patio had plenty of space. The takeaway: arrive early, this place fills up!Inside, the tables are spacious, not too crowded, and a good place to relax! Service was stellar and happy to help us take advantage of the $3 draft Stella or Fat Tire beer specials. Well played!We ordered the much acclaimed Ground Beef Burek and the Wood Grilled Vegetable Sandwich. As fate would have it, right after ordering the table next to us began wafting a buttery-garlic aroma that resulted in 8.0 rumble in my tummy. We had to call back the waitress for an order of the garlic bread sticks. Yum.Food was all-around delicious. The Burek is simply amazing: fillo dough encasing beef and onions. While the description made me think of flaky fillo dough like on Greek spanikopida, it is actually more on the doughy side (in a very positive way!). Definitely worth it and I would )and plan to) come back for the express purpose of getting this again.I had a few bites of the Vegetable Sandwich and it was a very well put together mix of veggies and cheese. The garlic bread sticks were good, but I was expecting more based on the smell--probably worth getting once.I shall return to sample more Serbian food!
3	3 stars for the food, minus 2 for the rude dude.....Recently got a coupon for this place based on the reviews, and called to see if I could use it for take out, if not I would come back on a day that I had time to eat in.....no problem, take out with the coupon is fine(I was told).  I called the order in and arrived for pick up with coupon in hand and the rudeness begins............if you don't want to honor the coupon, don't participate in the program..........if take out is unacceptable for the coupon, don't tell me it's fine when I call.........I digress, the food was fine, but I will never return, nor will I recommend.
4	One of my favorites!
5	Serbian's make incredible pizza. Who knew? When we pulled up, I'm not gonna lie... I was expecting to walk in and see one table with a bunch of butch, serbian guys sitting around plotting the rebirth of the empire. Forgive me for the stereotype, I was incredibly wrong. They were just watching soccer.The restaurant isn't in the hippest of Charlotte areas, but the food was incredible. Up there with some of the best pizza I have ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth. The interior was also nicely set up with a cozy, non-motherland feel to it. We had the chicken florentine pizza with roasted red pepper bruschetta. I want to go back, right. now.It was Superbowl Sunday, but at lunch. The place was pretty busy and they only had one server, but she handled herself very well and took care of everyone. If we do make it back there, I definitely want to try the more traditional Serbian entres. They looked tasty as well.
3	IMHO the cuisine rates 3 stars at best.  I'd award it another star for the excellent service, reasonable prices, the cozily grungy dining room and good vibes ...  but I just can't do it because it's already received too many 5 stars for a restaurant that still has plenty of room for improvementThose red curtains outside give the wrong impression, walking into the restaurant for the first time was a pleasant surprise. The waiter/bartender was super. He was friendly, always on top of things and struck the right balance between casual and respectful. Also for once I was not driving so I finally got to enjoy a Martini fueled dinner (plain with olives for me). The Portobello tower was misnamed - it was about 2" tall. No biggie in itself, that was source of amusement really. The mushroom was a bit tough, the red peppers were great but the goat cheese was that generic (cheap) kind that every restaurant uses and almost tasteless as always. If real goat cheese is not in the budget I'd rather have some feta or even blue cheese but something with a little bite to it. At $9 I can only rate it OK, not bad.  2 1/2*I confess that I came especially for the Spinach and Cheese Burek. I'm familiar with the Greek, Turkish and my mother's Romanian version but not the Serbian. I should have read David A's review, he did warn about the Phyllo leaves. :-[Yes I expected crispy and flaky layers of Phyllo with sharp cheese and fresh spinach. It's been my favorite dish since childhood. Instead I was served a large artistically shaped portion of ....dough. It looked a bit like hallah but tasted like a calzone variant. The cheese was not Casieri, Cascaval or anything of the sort, probably ricotta and it was totally bland. There was not enough spinach in it to notice. I didn't expect a calzone. Very possibly this is exactly what the Serbian version should be like I have no way of knowing it. Simply rating it on how tasty it was, I'd say 2 1/2 stars, but the salad that came with it was very good so together I'd rate the plate 3 stars. The Moussaka was not the traditional kind either but it was excellent, it was served with a very good tomato sauce -while the Lasagna gets the bechamel, go figure. Wish it had been served with a little something on the side but the menu doesn't offer any. Still I'd rate their  Moussaka 4 stars.  Dessert was crepes stuffed with a big mound of fruits. It kind of looked like crepes but it tasted like, and had the consistency of, American pancake - only thinner.The pricing is generally moderate but inconsistent. Main dishes are only $11-13 but appetizers like humus ($9.25) corn dip w/tortillas ($9) or the Portobello I mentioned are way overpriced for this venue. Plus they don't offer any side dishes, IMO the menu needs a little tweaking and I'm offering this as constructive criticism.All together it made for an enjoyable dinner and I'm looking forward to going back and trying other dishes. I'm thinking of the pork schnitzel and the stuffed cabbage  next time.
4	I had been here for drinks before, but never sat down for food until I bought a Living Social coupon recently. The place is super cute, very warm and cozy (exposed brick, red accents).Had dinner on a Friday night, so the place was packed and we sorta waited a while for our food. But our server was super great and almost made up for it. We ordered the Ricotta and Goat Cheese Crostini for an appetizer... soooo good! This app is made on house-made bread and they add a little lemon peel, perfect. I could have eaten platefuls of this stuff.  Also, this app came out super fast.We ordered The Fungi Pizza for our main course. Very fresh ingredients, great sauce, good amount of cheese. The crust ratio was a little high for me, but I'm picky about that. I asked for ranch for the crust, but they don't carry it! At first I thought I was heart broken but the waiter suggested the creamy feta dressing.... oh my stars that dressing is amazing.  As mentioned, we had to wait a while on the pizza to come out, but it was worth the wait. I will definitely come here again for dinner, but not too often because it's a little pricey. Also, parking is somewhat limited on the weekends.*Edit: 2nd time visiting here this year, this time with a Groupon! This time got the Bruschetta appetizer... good but the homemade bread kinda over powered the toppings. I ordered the Cheese and Spinach Burek for an entree. I enjoyed it, but not sure I would order it again. My boyfriend ordered the House-made Ravioli, which was the bomb! That's what I'm getting next time!! Also, the Blanche de Bruxelles beer on draught is super good and perfect for summer!
5	Returned last weekend- the pizza is that good. This time we had room for tiramisu- so worth it, the portion was big enough and rich enough to easily share between 3. Who ever is working in the kitchen cares about what they send out.  The host/server dude who is so cute made a perfect capuccino for the kid. Always great music selection.  Yeah, this place is not cheap but why do you want cheap? Cheap is nasty.
5	Our visit here was unplanned but I am SO glad we found it!  We stopped around lunchtime.  We had the choice to sit outside (very nice looking patio area) or inside.  We opted for inside since the pollen is AWFUL right now.  Julie waited on us.  The menu didn't have any kids items but she told me that they are happy to make kids pasta with sauce or butter or cheese (or all of the above.)  She got my daughters order in immediately so she wouldn't starve.  I had a pizza and my wife had blackened chicken pasta.  We all loved what we got.  I'm talking DELICIOUS.  And Julie was awesome and kept our drinks refilled.  Overall i would rate it as one of our favorites.
4	I like Intermezzo a lot.  The 1st time I came here a few years ago I ordered the wrong thing and kind of wrote it off, but gave it another shot last summer and am so glad I did!  The pizzas are really good here.  Nice and thin, with a good chewy crust.  I love the corn dip appetizer.  Its whole corn kernels and some cheese and other deliciousness.  The bolognese is extremely yummy.  Nice and hearty with the homemade pasta, perfect comfort food.  I could go on, but you get the point, everything is really good.I have always had good service here, so no complaints there.  Prices are reasonable, the patio is nice, and its not too far from home.  What's not to love!!
5	Don't be fooled by the sign reading "Pizzeria and Cafe" on the outside of Intermezzo's flavor-filled walls. There's gold in them there walls. Lovely, Serbian and Italian culinary gold. That's right. I said Serbian. You're in for a roller coaster ride of freshness and delight. The location rests off of 10th street and accessed from Central. Pull into the gravel parking lot and sit in the small dining area or on their glorious patio. Stays cool even in the summertime! Intermezzo is a small staffed joint that makes everything in house. They don't even have a freezer! They make their own phyllo, mozzarella and salad dressings. It doesn't stop there. Ask your server and they'll be able to tell you ad nauseum on how many fresh items are being churned out of that tiny kitchen. It's ridiculous. So, feeling a bit nervous about trying Serbian cuisine? Never fear! Order the Burek and thank me later. Phyllo filled with cheese and spinach or ground beef. It comes with a house salad, the balsamic reduction and small side of tzatziki-ish cucumber salad. Each bite of the Burek is tender and savory. Mix up the flavors! I take each bite with a bit of salad and the cucumber mixture. Everything swirls with happiness. Best vegetarian lasagna I've ever had. The marinara and ricotta work together like old pals. My goodness these guys make lasagna like I've never had. Out of this world fresh flavors and packed full of zucchini, squash, onions, tomatoes and other veg. Bruschetta. All I can say is GET IT. House made mozzarella and fresh bread, tomatoes, basil. Need I say more? This place packs a punch with their small bar, too. Tons of local beers and plenty of mixed drinks for you to pair with your meal. Great wine list as well. What Italian joint comes sans wine? Not this place. If you haven't made it into Intermezzo yet, you're in for a treat. One of the Charlotte gems that you'll frequent on the regular. Cheers!
3	Popped in here for a late night snack the other night.  It was a lot smaller inside was my first reaction, but not overly crowded so that's fine.  The patio however looks to be a great spot on a cool night.The corn dip left a little to be desired and the bruschetta wasn't what I would consider typical in presentation or taste.  Left me with a big ol' plate of MEH.  The pizza (Supreme) came out and they were instantly redeemed!  Great pizza and that alone will have me coming back.
4	Came here with our 3rd coupon this year! Yay! This time Google Offers.Had the Ricotta and Goat Cheese Crostini again as an appetizer, still yummy!This time I ordered the House-Made Ravioli... AMAZING!  Dense raviolis. Strong sun-dried tomato flavor, very cheesey, rich but fresh marinara. I Highly recommend this dish, you won't be disappointed.Ordered dessert this time around. The Crepes... I DIE. bananas and strawberries inside, nutella-like drizzle outside (but with white chocolate too?).ORDER THE CREPES! Still wish the prices were a little lower.
4	favorite pizza spot in charlotte but it is pricey
4	Pizza here is top notch, owner is pretty funny, and the chicken francese is off the charts. For some reason I thought ordering grilled eggplant was a good idea, obviously it wasnt, but at least i wasnt too full. Definitely reccomended and I might even feel comfy enough to eat solo at the bar here in the future.
4	I am a pizza snob, so I might be over-critical. The place definitely rocks, and it's not that difficult to get to with parking or traffic. I can recommend the Margherita pizza, Spinach supreme, and Grilled Veggie pizza. It's good pizza, and even if you have insane pizza standards like me, you won't leave feeling disappointed. The bruschetta is just okay. The garlic braided twists are surprisingly good. Pretty cool atmosphere, but do yourself a favor and sit outside. It's just a better experience, even if the weather is a bit poor. Yes, there are televisions outside in case you want to watch sports. Beer selection could be better. Service is fine.
4	Can people from an Eastern European country with less of a population than NC make a decent pizza?  The answer is a surprising yes.  We had wanted to try this place for a while, and a certificate from http://halfoffdepot.com/charlotte/referafriend/?bl=YmZpcm1zdG9uZUB5YWhvby5jb20=   persuaded us.  We were going to see a show uptown so we decided this would be a good time to use it.  It should be noted that although this place is on East 10th Street, it is more on the edge of Plaza Midwood than uptown.  Don't plan on walking or taking the light rail to get here as it's on the corner of Central Ave .It's a unique, clean but rustic place that boasted a sanitation score of 101 points.  They also deliver now so it is a little odd to see delivery personnel going in and out of the place.When we arrived we were seated promptly and our drink orders taken quickly.  They have a decent amount of craft beer, including Highland Gaelic and Fat Tire, available in 20 ounce mugs or honest 16 ounce pints.  Our service was a little slow as far as order taking as our waiter seemed to be doubling as a bartender.  We ordered garlic bread for an appetizer (they are half off until 7pm) and it was delicious.  Two long, soft, fluffy sticks served with homemade sauce.  The significant other ordered the tuna special which seemed more Dominican than Serbian but it was good.  It was rare tuna served with crisp plantains, beans and rice.  I ordered pizza with beef on half but they didn't but beef on any of it so they get dinged for that.  The pizza, however, was very good.  The sauce was very fresh as were the cheese and toppings.  The density was somewhere between thin and thick which can be as hard to find in Charlotte as a native Charlottean :)I would definitely go back to Intermezzo and try some of the Serbian dishes, but for now they get 4 stars due to the relative slow service and getting my order slightly incorrect.
5	Intermezzo is one of those gems that didn't catch my eye from the road but word of mouth about their delicious food caught my ear!  My short reasoning for giving Intermezzo 5 stars - a) food is amazing, b) price can't be beat.  My only desire for this restaurant is to update the decor inside, and dust the wine racks.  Other than that, I had no complaints.I went with some friends around 6:30 on a Friday.  We were pleasantly surprised to get a table immediately (only 2 left inside).  The menu made my mouth water.  The selection of appetizers, pizzas and entrees sent me into sensory overload!  Since we were all so undecided, we decided to share.  I was able to sample the Mediterranean Salad, the Grilled Eggplant and the Sauteed Spinach Pizza.  The Grilled Eggplant absolutely surpassed my expectations.  It was perfectly dressed in a basil olive oil, ripe sweet tomatoes, and a dash of balsamic - I could have eaten the whole plate.  Similarly, the pizza swept me off my feet.  I'm from NY, so it's hard to find pizza that can do that!  The dough is fresh, and allows me to fold my pizza (sign of a true NY'er).  All of the ingredients blended together wonderfully.  Last on my food list was the salad.  There was a mix of baby greens, feta, black olives, and we substituted the sun-dried tomato dressing for a balsamic dressing.  It was light and a perfect fit to our meal.The added bonus to the food menu is the martini menu.  Holy freaking cow.  There must have been 20 different choices.  I opted for the Cantaloupe - a refreshing choice it was!  As most martini prices go, they ranged from $9 to $11.  However, there are much cheaper drink options.  My friends opted for the draft beer specials - $3 Stella's!We will definitely be dining in again or taking advantage of their delivery very soon!
1	Service at this restaurant has declined.This was my go to place every-time I visited the area before making it my home.The food was so good and service so pleasant, but not anymore.Place has a funny odor now, never going back again.
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte.  The owners are extremely nice and friendly and the food is excellent! My favorites are the Spinach and cheese borek (although this is the Serbian version of the Greek spanakopita which is what I grew up on), the pizza with Ham & Onion, the bean soup and of course the crepes! Best crepes in CLT! The only thing that they need is more tables and paved and more parking.  Other than that it is a great restaurant.
5	The ultimate neighborhood bar / restaurant!  Absolutely love this place!AMBIENCE:  Inside is cozy and warm with exposed brick walls, wood beam ceiling and the sweet smell of the wood fire grill cooking.  Outside patio is specious and cool.  SERVICE:  Friendly. Attentive. Knowledgeable about food and their menu. FOOD:  Everything tastes good!Great selection. Eclectic menu.Full of flavor.There Pizzas are thin crust with FRESH toppings and true italian seasonings.My favorite is the Grilled Vegetable Sandwich - it's so tasty!  Made with home-made bread, some goat cheese then filed with fresh vegetables grilled in the wood burning grill.The Serbian food is yummy, too.  Authentic European style!  Satisfies my craving for wienerschnitzle and other delectable treats.The brushetta is my favorite appetizer - perfectly crusted bread with fresh tomatoes and tons of fresh basil then melted fresh mozzarella on top.I could keep writing but it's making me so hungry :-)DRINK:  Good pour for a good price!  Always fun to hang at the bar, good service and good selection of liquors.They have an awesome happy hour drink special on Thursdays ... only $3 for Stoli flavors.  SUMMARY:We passed this place a thousand times before we finally stopped and gave it a try.  - now we go every week!  It is TRULY worth trying out if you haven't been.
5	My favorite place in Charlotte! 'Nuff said.The Burrek is yummy and goes well with a glass of Blanche De Brussels beer.
4	Had some traditional serbian dishers and the food was really good!  The service was very good and the crepes were delicious!
5	First off - this is not the easiest place to gain access to the parking lot.  If you are coming down Central, the restaurant is on the corner of 10th & Central but you can not make a left turn - go figure!  After several u-turns, we finally made it into the parking lot and enter a whole new dining experience.Can not say enough about the aroma when you enter.  You start salivating before you are seated.  Service was spot-on with our waiter suggesting several items and explained how they were prepared.  The three of us ordered all different dishes then played round robin.  The broyke (?) was phenominal - pastry stuffed with ground beef, onion and seasonings - how can you go wrong!  Stuffed cabbage was great especially with the recommendation from our waiter to put some hot sauce on it.  Crowning piece was the chocolate creme brulee - this was actually a vanilla creme brulee with chocolate pieces and strawberries - was so good and I do love my creme brulee.  This would stand up to any I have tasted.  Don't be put off by the appearance from the outside.  Once you enter, it is foodie heaven!
4	Seriously a great place. The interior is really inviting and cozy. We sat 'upstairs' out of the noise and really enjoyed it. The pomodora diversi is a must order. The veggie lasagna had an intoxicating aroma. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and drink list. There are some really great beers to be had at good prices. I'll be back to to try the most mentioned burek!
5	I really like Intermezzo we've come here many times and the service is always good and the food is great!! I've had the pizza, pasta, and some of the traditional dishes they offer like stuffed peppers and the stuffed cabbage both are really good- my favorite is the corn dip to start with and the homemade bread it pretty great!!
4	Glad I found another place that can cater to my late night hunger needs! I've been meaning to try Intermezzo. Every time I pass by, the restaurant is packed - at all times (always a good sign). Plus, I love discovering new places to eat and indulge. As we walked into Intermezzo, a dimly light setting coupled with wooden booths greets us - very elegant for a "pizzeria." Why the quotations, you may ask? When I surveyed the menu, to my surprise I found a list of Serbian Specialties. My eyes lit up and I am pleasantly surprised. Everything sounded delicious, but we locked down on a Smoked Gouda Burger and a traditional Serbian dish - Cheese and Spinach Burek. Both were delicious and I am excited to try the other Serbian dishes next time. Mission Eggplant Musaka is next!
4	Wonderful family owned neighborhood spot. Great wine selection. A bit casual for a date, but sometimes the not so fancy is nice. Pizza crust is a bit thicker than I like, but very tasty turkey burgers.
5	Great food, great people, and a very nice setting... Great "get to know you" date spot.  The pizza is also amazing.
5	After having the pizza here (it was great), I came back to try the Serbian food and it was just as good or better than the pizza.The roasted red pepper bruschetta was the best bruschetta I have ever had.  The house made mozzarella and balsamic vinegar are incredible.For dinner, I tried the beef burek.  It looks like a honey bun and tastes amazing (also very filling).  As good as the beef burek was, the Karadjordjeva was even better.  It is extremely tender and the Kajmak cheese and dill tartar sauce make it amazing.If you want takeout and/or pizza, I highly recommend ordering your pizza from here.  It is the best I have had so far in Charlotte.  If you would rather eat at the restaurant, the food (aside from the pizza) is incredible as well.Service is good and prices are fair, so the value is strong as well.
4	So I'm drafting this in the restaurant as we sit to eat dinner, so it doesn't get any more real or firsthand thoughts than this. I came here and invited some folks that. First things first. All my elites recommended the bruschetta, so we got both types cause it was half off.Bruschetta: the first one I had was the one with basil. This one was good, and knowing that they make the mozzarella is something to mention. The basil taste I liked because it balanced the tomatoes. The second type of bruschetta was more tomato based, so that had more of that kind of flavor that I thought was okay.I ordered the beef Burek and let's say its something new, it's sort of hard to explain but inside the bread it's stuffed with beef and onions. Not much taste, but it's different and I recommend you to get it. I feel like it lacked a sauce or something,  but it was good.We also had the capriccioso pizza? I'm not sure if that's how you spell it, but it was delicious. I recommend any pizza, it wasn't overloaded with sauce at the same time it wasn't salty. I also sampled the Wienerschnitzel that they had, which was pretty big. I recommend this dish. It's breaded pork served with a creamy sauce, topped with potatoes. The creamy sauce is a must though because if you don't it'll be a little dry. Another dish we sampled was theStuffed Cabbage, which was I say wasn't my favorite. It was sort of vinegary based, stuffed with beef and rice. It was sort of new, but not really that amazing in my opinion.Inside is small and quaint. They have a full bar, no worries on getting drinks here! It's a casual type of restaurant, so no worries about what you wear. They have dining inside as well as outside, but outside has more seating. Our waiter was a girl named Veronica, who was very polite and nice.I think I found a new place for pizza. And after looking at the pictures and reading this I hope I found you a new place to discover!
5	The Serbian Pizza was absolutely, astoundingly delicious. If you come here to dine, please try this dish as this is pleasing to the mouth and the palate.The Serbian Pizza is more like an enlarged calzone, but better. I never imagined tasting sour cream, ricotta, with some tomato sauce and ham. I finished the whole thing and I'll have to come back and devour this creation again.
4	I ate here last week with a friend using a Groupon. The food was already surprisingly affordable, but I really impressed with how fresh and flavorful the appetizers and entrees were (had garlic twists, chicken francese, and portabella mushroom tower) given the price of the food. The server was fantastic, and the atmosphere of the place was pretty mellow, in line with the whole Plaza Midwood area. Definitely will be back again. Check it out!
4	Pizza was great! Service  was a little on the slow side. If you work, don't go for lunch. Nice crispy thin crust, quality ingredients, cool atmosphere...makes for a good meal. Pretty sure I'll be going back.
5	Intermezzo is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  Their pizza is terrific, and there housemade ravioli is AMAZING.  The steak sandwich with goat cheese is also a great choice.
5	I've been a few times recently with my boyfriend, and we love it.  The food is delicious.  The staff is friendly and fast.  I really like the lighting and sitting in the upper corner away from the tvs.  We've had the Intermezzo Supreme, Antipasto Salad, & Veggie Sandwich, all gobbled up in savory bites.  These are reasons we keep going back, but THE REASON is the CREPES.  With fruit and Nutella, it just melts in your mouth.
4	The idea of a Serbian restaurant was enough to entice me to purchase the Groupon to check it out, especially since I had never really thought about what Serbian cuisine was about. We headed to Intermezzo before hitting up The Comedy Zone and walked away impressed with the place.Intermezzo does not look like much from the outside, but don't let the old building and gravel parking lot scare you...they serve up some decent grub. The interior is pretty neat with exposed brick walls and shelves of all these little miniature toys. The interior dining area is small but not cramped, and the outdoor patio area looked to add a lot more space, weather permitting. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable and got us going with our drinks. I got a draft of Founder's Porter ($5) and the miss' got a Cantaloupe Martini ($4.50 on a 1/2 off martini Saturday.) For an appetizer we started with the Corn Dip ($8.75) which was a bit pricey for what you got. It was a small ramekin of corn niblets mixed with peppers, onions and cheese. The ramekin must have been placed in a salamander before coming out because the cheese topping crustified, much like a french onion soup would. Once we got everything mixed around it was pretty tasty paired with the tortilla chips, but it definitely wasn't $8.75 worthy. It was really surprising because the rest of the appetizers, and even the entrees, were reasonably priced, so I don't know what made a bunch of corn and cheese so expensive in comparison.For dinner, after seeing all the rave reviews here on Yelp, I had to go with the Ground Beef Burek ($11.95.) It is a huge roll made of fillo dough, but not the fillo dough I'm used to. It was denser and crunchier than what I've had in Greek-style cheese pies and other foods, and it worked as a great exterior crust to the contents inside. It was filled with tons of a ground beef and onion mixture, and that was it. No sauce, no seasoning, just pure beef and sauteed onion. I think it was missing a little something initially, but I added some tzatziki sauce on top and that gave it a bit of umph it was initially missing. It also came with a decent-sized side salad of greens, tomato and cucumber with a balsamic dressing. The veggies were nice and fresh and the dressing had a nice sweetness to it.The missus ordered the Cheese & Spinach Burek ($11.95) and I'm surprised to say that I liked hers more. The cheese consisted of ricotta so it was similar to a calzone filling, and the spinach was not obtrusive at all. In fact, I would go so far as to say that a burek that contained both ground beef and this cheese mixture would be a slam dunk hole in one home run goal. Intermezzo is a pretty great restaurant that takes pride in their food. They also do pizzas and I am looking forward to returning in the near future to give them a whirl. Definitely worth checking out. One last note, I saw a guy running around doing deliveries so if you live nearby that may be a great option.
4	Last week my girlfriend and I ordered takeout from Intermezzo. My GF has allergies so I checked the order when I picked it up to see if it was correct. In the dim light it was hard to tell so I pointed out to the bartender who got it for me that the order looked incorrect. He was very belligerent, snapped that the order was correct, and walked away.Unfortunately when we got back home we discovered it wasn't correct... the sides were right but the meals were someone else's dinner. We spent $30+ for a meal my GF couldn't eat. To the owner's credit when I called and pointed out the mistake she replied quickly and corrected the issue.Overall the food is great and other than the experience with the bartender the staff was very polite.
5	This place never disappoints! I live in South Florida but every time I come to Charlotte to visit the BF, I love coming here!The food is beyond fresh and delicious. The service has always been fantastic.The setting is romantic but not over the top. Every seat feels intimate and comfortable and the noise level is perfect.My favorite is the Milanese pizza....omg yum! If you can't decide, they will do a half/half large pizza for you. We did the milanese/intermezzo supreme split...no regrets!!! WOOOH!We got the red pepper bruschetta this past visit and believe me, I have thought about that alone several times this week during day dreams.Our waitress was beyond helpful, accommodating and super attentive!I really love the braided bread too being a carboholic. I cannot wait to go back!
2	Pizza is too expensive and doesn't taste like anything special. A tiny piece of tiramisu was close to $7 and doesn't even taste that good. The tiramsu at Carrabba's is cheaper. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	Intermezzo is a lesser known gem in Plaza Midwood. It looks rather unassuming on the corner of 10th and Louise but is definitely worth the trip. This was my third time going to Intermezzo. The first was to score some sweet happy hour deals (which are in fact, sweet including half priced appetizers) and the second was a pizza delivery when mom was in town (let's talk about how it was super quick because I'm just up the street and the pizza was piping hot and delish). Tonight we were fortunate enough to drop in on half price martini night. I will not complain about a martini that is only $4.50. I had the peach nectar which was good, really sweet, but only had a subtle hint of booze.For dinner, I had the Intermezzo Supreme pizza. It's a solid pizza with all kinds of toppings, a hearty crust and delicious cheese. It was so good it was hard to put down (luckily I had enough self control to bring some leftovers home). My friend had the crepe (I appreciate her dessert for dinner approach) and I stole a few bites, and that was also excellent. Prices are definitely reasonable. 10 inch pizza and a drink for under 20 bucks. I'll definitely be going back. A lot.
4	Great food and knowledgeable/friendly staff.  The loss of a star is due to when it got busy, the staff were stretched too thin and service really slowed down.  Not only was my water glass empty but I had eaten all of the ice before it was refilled.  From the looks of it, the same thing happened to a number of tables around us.However, the food was tasty and I love that they have unique beers on tap.Oh, and the dessert crepe was amazing.  I've tried some of Paris' best crepes and this 'Merican crepe crushed all of them.  I'd go back just for dessert.
2	Date night at Intermezzo!  Our hostess did not ask us if we preferred indoor or outdoor seating.  She proceeded to seat us at a table off to the side, which had hard card table style chairs.  The table itself was on a slope, and I felt like I was at the top of the hill and my husband was at the bottom.  We asked to be moved and were accommodated by the hostess, who appeared to be harried. Our new table sported chairs that were more comfortable. We ordered the Quattro fromagio pizza.  It appeared to be dry and over cooked, with some of the crust darkened, however, it was edible.  But, hey, it was date night!  We still had a good time!
2	Won't be back here ever again. After numerous bad meals, we decided to only go there for drinks -mainly half price martinis on Saturday...we f'd up and came in today (Sunday) craving a martini. We waited TWENTY MINUTES for two drinks. Granted, only one person was working (so we thought) but he didn't even attempt to communicate on the delay until we said something...the worst thing was, a douche started problems with another customer which wouldn't have bothered me(I like a good show) had the TWO MANAGER/OWNERS not magically popped up to argue with the guy! If it was busy enough for our server to be in the weeds, they should've been on the floor helping the staff. just thought that was crap and we decided we wouldn't be back. that is all.
4	This place kills it on Groupon! Always a 1000+ bought! The food and the people are great; I love the blackened chicken pasta and always end it with the strawberry and chocolate crepe! The at atmosphere is semi-intimate depending on where you sit. Definitely check it out if you haven't been.
4	I really like Intermezzo. Lasagne is very fine.Menu doesn't really resemble the menu posted on yelp.
3	Cool little place, but one of those that leaves you wondering what to order (and the staff isn't much help). If you have the ability to read a review first, then it seems that Serbian is a better way to go - but the name would suggest they are a pizza joint.Unfortunately, the pizza is just not the greatest. It's certainly decent, and the atmosphere is solid, but it's definitely not what you expect. If you go for Serbian, your experience may definitely differ.
5	I love this place!  All of their ingredients are fresh and tasty, you'll find nothing frozen, microwaved or fried here.  I've never had a bad meal here and their specials are amazing and sell out quickly.  Worth a try!
3	The menu is very interesting..from pizza to Serbian food, huh. After hearing so many great things about this place, & loving pizza, I had to try it. I went on a Saturday afternoon with my mom. The bartender/server was very friendly. He was as fast as he could be, considering he was the only one on staff. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich w/ grilled veg & my mom got a veg pizza. She let me try some of her pizza, which was quite delectable. I really enjoyed the crunchy crust, no doubt a result of the wood-burning stove. My food on the other hand was not so impressive. I should've gone with my first instinct & ordered pizza, but hey ya live ya learn. The sandwich was average at best, a little on the dry side. The biggest disappointment was the grilled veg. Throwing some zucchini & onion together just doesn't cut it guys.
4	We have returned to Intermezzo a few times and the Serbian dishes are very good.  The beef burek is very good.  Think of it is a flaky calzone with perfectly seasoned ground beef.  I have also tried the stuffed cabbage (sarma) which was very good.  Additionally, the sandwiches are very good since they make their own bread.   I highly recommend this place and it is reasonably priced too.
4	We stumbled on this place by mistake.  After a late night out, we wanted fresh food & were pleasantly surprised that they served food until 12.  We enjoyed a lovely meal on the patio which offered a nice view of the city.  My friend & I split the stuffed bell peppers & stuffed cabbage.  The food was amazing & prices are very reasonable. Definitely will make a visit to try the pizza, which we were told was the best in town.
5	Delicious food.  I love the bruschetta and the burek.  Pizzas are perfectly cooked, yet different from what we normally think of pizza.The staff there is so friendly, the owners make a point to talk to everyone and they always have a smile on their face.We'll be going back again soon!!!!!
5	Love the food, the brothers that own this place really try to stay true to serbian dishes when ever they can. And the pizza and beer selections are always top notch. In the high end game of non-dominos style pizzerias they are king
4	So, I went to Intermezzo with my main squeeze a little over a year ago because we heard friends raving about their pizza and salads. Given the glowing reviews, we went and ordered the pizza and salad and were honestly a bit underwhelmed... the pizza was okay and the salad was humdrum & it's hard to drive past all of the amazing restaurants on Central and pass them up for something that we considered "just okay." Two weeks ago my opinion of Intermezzo changed for the better... we were invited to a friend's birthday dinner there and went because we love our friend (not because we wanted to eat at Intermezzo again)... our friend recommended that we order off of the Serbian menu and OH MY GOODNESS, the food we ordered was off the hook! My husband ordered a Piroska (a fabulous stuffed pizza dish) and I sampled the Chicken Frickasee... both were amazing. Thanks to our much more exciting second trip to Intermezzo, there will definitely be subsequent visits -we'll just make sure we order off of the Serbian section of the menu from now on!
4	I have been wanting to try out Intermezzo for a while now and finally had the opportunity.  I must say that I was not sure what to order since many of their dishes have either beef or pork.But after checking out some Yelp reviews, I decided to try the veggie lasagna.  This was definitely a good choice! The lasgna was delicious and the portion size was just right - not ginormous. I loved the fresh-tasting tomato sauce and the veggies & noodles were perfectly cooked. After seeing the reviews that mentioned dessert, I decided to splurge and try the crepes for dessert.  The strawberries & bananas in hazelnut chocolate sauce were so tasty! On my visit the service was fast & efficient. On.my way out, I walked by a table that had ordered pizza and it really looked good!  I may have to try one of their pizzas on my next visit!
4	This place always has great service!Specializing in Serbian food, Intermezzo is different and delicious. I suggest starting with the hummus, getting a pizza for your main course and drinking a LOT of their yummy tap beers.
3	Food is pretty good here. We usually just get pizza and a salad. Ive heard the Serbian food is really good. The service is up and down. The beer selection is very good and the atmosphere is cool.
5	Intermezzo has most definitely become one of my all time favorite places to eat. I eat here quite often and have never gotten a single bad thing, to eat!The staff is always very friendly and willing to give you suggestions about different dishes!!My favorite thing on the menu is the Wood Grilled Fungi pizza. The flavor, the crust, the EVERYTHING is just phenomenal. Appetizers, you can't go wrong with; from the bruschetta, to the garlic braided twists and the goat cheese crostini! Intermezzo also carries one of my favorite beers, on draft: Blanche de Bruxells!!! The atmosphere is awesome, inside and out!All in all, there is not a single thing about Intermezzo that I dislike!!
4	It's rare that I do this, but even though our food was pretty uneventful, I loved the atmosphere and service at Intermezzo so much that I have to give them 4 stars! The fella and I had Groupon, and we ventured in on a Wednesday night. Although outdoor seating is a possibility, it was too cold the night we went. I don't know what I expected it to look like on the inside, but it sooo surpassed that - exposed brick walls, nooks and crannies with quaint tables, knick knacks lining a high railing around the bar, cozy, red, hanging lights illuminating the bar... love! We were greeted by the nicest, friendliest man when we walked in, and our waitress (Kate?) was so helpful and fun. I loved everything about it. Seating is fairly limited inside - there were maybe 6 or 7 booths, a few tables, and then 6-8 chairs at the bar.I decided to get the Becka Snicla (which is pretty much like wienerschnitzel) for $13.25, and the fella settled on the Karadjordjeva for $13.95. He definitely won. Mine wasn't bad; it was just a little bland and dry. He gave me a few bites of his - I had been a little worried about the tartar sauce before we ordered, but it was just drizzled on top, which made there enough for a kick, but not enough to gross me out like tartar sauce usually does. Overall, it was better than mine, but still a little underwhelming.Maybe we just got the wrong thing and should've stuck to the pizza or the burek? Either way, I'd go back just for the atmosphere and service and chalk up this trip to ordering the wrong things.
5	Yummy with healthy Italian/Mediterranean type food. Every time I come here I get something different and I am never disappointed. I met two friends here, a couple, and I was first to arrive. Ha this time the hostess almost sat me with someone I didn't know, and newly single I told her she was trying to be a match maker. We ordered the corn dip as an appetizer and pretty darn good. They also have hummus and many others, but I wanted to save room for pizza! I had not tried it yet. Oh and it was delicious! We got the Spinach pizza and talk about heaven. Oh and you  can get a ready cook pizza of your choice to take home and bake if you like.I've never had a bad experience here, lasagna, did I just say that? Yeah that's my other fav here. Service is awesome and I will be back here again soon. As with all Plasma Wig wood places parking is slim, especially in weekend nights. I hope everyone enjoys this place as much as I have. Happy eating!
4	We really enjoyed having lunch at Intermezzo.  It's a rather small place, not fancy, but we were really happy with the food.  It seemed very fresh & homemade, not like they opened a can or a jar and served it to us.  We ordered chicken soup (very good and not salty...I HATE salt!), a small funghi pizza (excellent), beef burek (pretty good), which came with a small salad, eggplant moussaka (good, not great), and pork schnitzel (very good).  It was exactly what we were looking for on this occasion, but in all honesty, I wouldn't say I'd go too far out of my way to return.
5	Some of the best food at reasonable prices. Took my father here and it was his favorite restaurant I took him too that weekend. Our favorites were the Portobella Tower appetizer and the Karadjordjeva meal. Didn't look like much from the outside. But great home cooked, family owned restaurant with great service. Highly reccommend.
4	I haven't been here in years, and I don't know why. We went for lunch, and Kevin was the only one serving, which made me a little nervous. He did an unbelievable job bouncing from section, from inside to patio, and from dining room to bar.The best part of our experience was the food. The fungi  mushroom pizza was phenomenal, and our appetizer was good too.The only thing missing was a little ambiance, it felt like a dead restaurant which amazed me with how fresh everything was
4	Thank goodness they deliver! I've only had pizza delivered from here, but it's been the best pizza I've had in a long time. They have just the right balance of toppings, cheese and sauce and the crust is soft and chewy. The Chicken Florentine pizza is my fave.I'm looking forward to eating in the restaurant sometime too.
5	Great service! Great pizza! I get the Fungi every time. Love the cozy atmosphere inside. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. I love that it is family owned and operated too. Support local!
5	Great food and great service. Try the goat cheese and ricotta appetizer. Also love the Intermezzo pizza. All the food here is great and love the patio when the weather is pleasant!  Great selection of beer. Also wine special during the week!
5	I went here years ago and loved it.  After moving back to Charlotte, I went back praying the food was still good.  Intermezzo did not disappoint!  Each dish was excellent and our waitress was totally on her game.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Only have been to this place twice but both times have been wonderful!  I had been told by several friends that I needed to try it!  The atmosphere is upbeat and energetic and so are the staff.  Very friendly and helpful.  Both times we have gotten the same thing, the spinach pizza.  It is delicious!  The leftovers never make it to the next day!  If there are any!!!  Ready to head back and try some other dishes.
5	Amazing!! My husband and I are HUGE pizza lovers and have found what we consider the best at Intermezzo. Plus they deliver to our home. Highly recommend a 16" with 1/2 Milanese and 1/2 Spinach Supreme. The leftovers are perfect for pizza eggs the next morning. When we dine at the restaurant, the staff is always so welcoming and nice. Can't beat delicious food and great service!
3	First look at the menu and I was impressed. Interesting and unique dishes. We ordered the stuffed peppers and a grouper special. Presentation was nice however the food was lacking in flavor. It was good but not great. I will go back... The food is good and it's unique so there are definitely more dishes to try.  Oh.. The service was great! Our server was on top of our every need!
3	Came here for dinner one night and sat on the patio. The patio was a nice little covered area which was great and our server was really nice. I was with a friend and we shared a margherita pizza. It was ok, overall I thought the pizza was pretty bland. There wasn't much basil on it and the tomatoes had no flavor. I would like to go back and try something else though as they had a decent sized menu.
5	This is a go-to place for my husband and me, when we just want a casual but intimate dinner. Perfect "comfort spot"! We usually just get pizza - the crust is just perfect, nicely thin but with a lovely "crusty" crust. We love the "pepe ed olive" pizza that comes with ground beef. In fact, the ground beef (which first sounded a little odd to me) is so good, we often opt to substitute it for other meats. Ask for Parmesan; it's not just a green tub of dusty cheese, but a bowl of nicely grated actual cheese (how crazy)! They have a relatively small but respectable selection of beers and wines. Great when you want an easy dinner, not too many choices! It's a nice, cozy setting with brick walls, just the right lighting, and really friendly servers. We often get caught up in conversations with our servers, and although they don't mind stopping to chat, you're never left waiting on them.
5	My boyfriend and I randomly decided to go here since I used to live right down the street.  The inside was a bit small and cramped but the more I hung out there, the more I found it to be cozy instead.  We sat at the bar since the place was busy and we wanted a good beer.I ordered the Eggplant Mousaka and the bf ordered Sarma (cabbage rolls).  I never finish my meal before my bf but I inhaled every bite of my mousaka!  Not only was the food absolutely amazing and as authentic as it gets, the owner (I assume) was behind the bar and we talked for a good 20 minutes about authentic Serbian cuisine and how all the dishes were made.  He was so enthusiastic and excited to talk about his food and share it with us!  We learned so much!To top it off, some of the beers on tap were local.  Enough said.  I will definitely be going back!
2	My boyfriend and I got take out from here tonight. We've been to the restaurant once and I remembered thinking it was good. Tonight we got the bruschetta which was fine. It wasn't amazing. For our entree he got the blackened chicken pasta, which I tried. It tasted like this chef boyardie thing I used to eat when I was a kid. I got the four cheese pizza. Not the worst pizza I've ever had, however definitely not the best. There was barely any sauce and the cheese tasted plasticy. Nothing to brag about.
5	Never been here before so I tried it with a groupon.  Whole experience was excellent!  The food the service both were outstanding!  Our waiter Georgie (sp) one of the owners was extremely nice and full of personality and very helpful throughout.  We started with the corn dip, it's was sweet and flavorful with a hint of spice, the tortilla chips were average and a little too salty but overall still a great appetizer. My girlfriend and I shared a 10" pizza and the beef burek and they were both great.  The pizza was a Capriccioso which is basically meat lovers and was excellent, could stand alone as just a pizza place for me.  The beef burek was also very good.  I didn't know what to expect it was my first experience with Serbian food but it was a nice surprise.  It was meticulously stuffed fillo dough made from scratch and had good flavor, we were encouraged to try a bite of it with the cucumber mixture and the salad and it was quite good but I enjoyed it by itself also.  Finished with crepes for dessert and again owner went out of his way I have a hazel nut allergy so he made one regular crepe for my girlfriend and one crepe for me using a different chocolate sauce. We will surely be back and happy to pay regular price but will also be on the lookout for future groupons as this place was a hit!  Speaking of groupon they made it super easy to redeem and did so with a smile on their face!
5	It was absolutely delicious !!!little slow for delivery but definitely worth the wait ! The floors were incredible !
3	My girlfriends and I decided to eat here randomly last night. We ordered two appetizers to share. The goat cheese crostini and the garlic knot bread. Both were tasty but neither I would order again. At least I can say I tried them. My girlfriends got a pizza and the homemade ravioli to share and I tried the ravioli and it was amazing!!! I wish i would have ordered that!  I ordered the stuff peppers and they were ok. I expected a little more since the waiter talked them up so much but to me it was an ok dish. It basically was a pepper stuffed with beef and a small amount of rice with tomato sauce. Also, when I received my dish it was cold in the middle :( hopefully it will be better as leftovers at lunch today.
5	I've never been disappointed with the food here. The dinner specials are always delicious. An entree that's always on the menu and is a definite win is the Chicken Francese. You have GOT to try it. I just tried the pizza for the first time the other night since I had heard great things and it was really good. Interesting combination of foods on the menu but it all seems to work together. The only problem I've ever had here is that the servers seem to be stretched thin sometimes so it may take an extra minute for drinks or to order your food. Not a huge issue for me. Bottom line: I love Intermezzo!
5	Okay, so I was skeptical about this place when we moved to Plaza Midwood 2 years ago.  We tried to eat there twice, but have up because each time the wait was ridiculously long and it didn't feel like it was worth it.Then one night, we decided to order take-out.  Holy moly!!! Best decision ever.  Take-out is almost never as good as when the food is served fresh in front of you, but everything we ordered was phenomenal!  I had pasta carbonara, which was really good. We have ordered pizza and/or pasta from here several times since then, and each time the food has been spot on!  Surprisingly awesome place, highly recommended!
4	I love when a groupon find correlates with a pleasant dinning experience. On a late night friday we decided to put my Groupon addiction to good use. I have passed this place a million times and finally decided to check it out. We sat outside, a personal favorite of mine. Perfect late summer evening idea. I've  never eaten Serbian food, so I'm glad our waiter was knowledgeable and helpful with suggestions.  Based on the recommendations, Colin got the KaradjordjevaPan Seared Schnitzel rolled with Ham, Kajmak, Skillet Potatoes, andTartar Sauce. it was great. I ordered on the side of caution with the Chicken Francese. It was heavenly. Walking out to our car, after enjoying our dinner, we made a last minute move to get some Tiramisu to go. Oh Man, I'm so glad we did, a little bit on the Pricey side, but it was AmaZing.  A good tip to keep in mind, this place is open Late, until 2am!
5	Was a fan of Intermezzo, then last night realized that face was more than a passing familiarity, but my beloved bartender from years ago at Cosmos. Georgio and his brother, wife and family, and a few more friends pour their passion into this groovy grotto. Amazing food, and great wine, for unbeatable prices!5 stars, because Georgio delivers--yes, to NoDa! Best small bar with nightly specials to intrigue each night of the week.xoxo,lemon drop
5	This is my homage to my new favorite pizza place in Charlotte.My husband and I found a Groupon for Intermezzo ($16 for $30 worth of food). We ordered the house Sauvignon blanc while pondering the simple but diverse menu) appetizers, pizza, sandwiches and salads, and Serbian dishes). We settled on garlic knots, the quatro formaggio pizza and the beef burek (one of the Serbian dishes - filo dough, beef, and cheese). Everything was incredibly delicious - even though they were some of the more generic/plain dishes.  The house wine was semi-sweet and subtle. The garlic knots had fresh garlic and butter on top and came with the best marinara I've ever had while dining out. The pizza was perfectly salty and cheesy, and the Serbian dish came with the best green salad with balsamic dressing and a cucumber & sour cream salad. Normally, I don't over eat, but everything tasted so good that I was quite full when I made myself stop. Portions were quite large, so half the pizza and about half of the burek were brought home. Ambiance: The building is old and unique with a kind of New England style (brick with wooden rafters and shuttered windows). It was a great setting for a quiet romantic date night - the music selection was pretty awesome as well. The only complaint I have is that there are televisions at all (but whatever, some people like that kind of thing). Overall: I was really impressed with the service and quality of food. My husband and I are excited to try other pizzas and Serbian dishes here.
5	Ordered takeout last night from Intermezzo... The stuffed peppers and red roasted pepper bruschetta are just two of my favorites! I now have a top favorite to add to my "lazy night ordering". What a great meal to end the long work week!
4	Definitely one of my favorite places in Charlotte, and here's why...- they really do make the best pizzas! Pick any from their list - you can't go wrong.- delicious traditional Serbian dishes (nothing healthy about 'em :) but so worth all the calories!)- comfortable, casual environment- super friendly staff- and they deliver to uptown!! so for those lazy evenings, when you're craving something delicious, you can order one of their perfectly created pizzas. i'm not sure if the magic is in the dough or in the sauce or toppings, but the pizzas are magical :)
4	We were looking for a place on a Sunday night and noticed this was one of the only places open, thank God! Pizza was excellent. Service was very good. Would definitely like to return for the Serbian food, sounds as good as the pizza!
4	The entrance is a little confusing. Yes, you have to walk through or around the patio to the get to the front door. The service is good but the hostess can stand to learn some customer service skills. But all that aside, we really enjoy Intermezzo. They have pizza and Serbian food. Yup. That's right... One strange combination but it works!We've tried the pizza (excellent!) and the Serbian dishes (BEEF BUREK FTW!). I also love places that bring you freshly grated parm. It's entered the rotation as a usual spot!
