2	This place belongs in a shopping center.  It pretends to be Japanese, but I ordered a Bento Box and was asked what kind of salad dressing I wanted, French, Thousand, Italian or ginger.  Yuck.  The "protein" is then set on top of rice or noodles.  The noodles were uninspired, like thick spaghetti with teriyaki sauce.I paid $8.09 for a chicken Bento box which came with 4 pieces of bland sushi.  This is ok for folks who normally eat at McDonalds and want to be daring, but if you already enjoy Asian food, you will be disappointed.
3	This gaijin is a fan. This is far from the best Japanese dining experience you will ever have, however, it meets every single expectation I had, and exceeds more than a few.First, the price is right about on par. You can get a Bento box with a salad, rice, tempura, a few pieces, a drink, and "protein" for less than $10. They do rolls a la carte for very reasonable prices; I do not recall any being over $10, even their Dragon Rolls or equivalent. For those prices, nobody expects to be blown away. This glutton upsized his by adding an Unagi roll (of the same quality that you would expect form Schnucks in Urbana, but fresher). Nothing was outstanding, but it was a very serviceable meal. The roll was well-wrapped, the salad was fresh, and the tempura hit the sweet spot of both crunchy-crisp and tender-juicy.The service was pretty fast for how busy the place was. I could deal without having order numbers shouted, but that seemed to be the only way to get the word out above the din of chattering diners.This place stacks up well against other Asian chains, but is definitely not as good as Sushi Kame for a Bento lunch. It is a good change of pace for lunch, but do not frequent this place thinking that you are getting good Japanese.
2	When this place first opened up, I thought "Hey!  A Japanese restaurant down here in Chambana right by my classes?  Hell yeah!"I went with one of my friends and when we entered, we realized that we have been fooled.  The place looked like a McDonalds with sushi... My friend and I were skeptical so we ordered a single spider roll to share.  Boy were we disappointed.  Not only was I able to get cheaper sushi in Chicago, but I could also get cheaper sushi that tasted much better than this stuff.We left disappointed.
3	the first two reviewers below (thomas & kevin) don't get it. this place DOES belong in a mall, and the point is that it IS a lot like McD's with sushi. malls all over are the US are packed with Sarku Japans, and according to their web site "Sarku Japan are [...] the largest and most successful Japanese Quick Service Restaurant (QSR) franchise in the US". see, they even have an acronym for this sort of stuff.onto the food... decent, but not great (what'd ya expect?!). i feel the one in the mall has a little better chicken... this one on wright was fattier every time i've eaten there. the sushi is ok (again, adjusting expectations), the tempura is ok, the miso soup is great on a cold day (but that's harder to screw up). the one big disappointment in the bento boxes are the steamed veggies, they are consistently watery, soft, and tasteless.on the plus side, this location has a lot more variety than any of its mall-cousins. on the other plus side, if you get the chicken teriyaki, you get served in ~1min and you could be out in another 10min.[february update -- 1.5 months later. is it just me, or has the quality of their chicken gotten worse, more fat, less bird? the last time i was in, you could literally see the smoke, and i left smelling like teriyaki, down to my socks. the place really needs a better ventilator.]
3	I have to agree with what previous reviewers have written, the food is sub-par especially considering the price. I have yet to try the sushi there but I have had the cali rolls which came with the box, they were precisely what I had expected.This place is alright, when you need a large pile of food and you're at everitt and you also need to run through the rain and you'd like to limit your distance to about one street crossing, sarku is right up your alley!
1	Bland food, bad sushi, horrendous service... oh yeah, and it's too expensive.  I've eaten here twice and I can no longer go back.  My first experience was just okay.  I got the Chicken Teriyaki and it was not bad.  $7 for a bowl of rice and some chicken is robbery, but I was satisfied and I dismissed it.  My second time, I brought a friend of mine who wanted to try it out.  Bento box was $10, six pieces of spicy tuna were $7 and the Shrimp Teriyaki was $7.  We paid and waited for our food. We got the Bento box and tuna in about 10 mins, but didn't get the Teriyaki.  They forgot my friend's order!  We went back and complained.... this is how it went: Me: "You forgot our Shrimp Teriyaki."Manager: "Oh sorry, what was it that you wanted?" Me: "Shrimp Teriyaki" Manager: "Let me punch it up, ok.... Chicken Teriyaki"Me: "No, Shrimp...Shrimp!"Manager: "Ok, Chicken Teriyaki with extra shrimp, we charge a dollar for extra shrimp."Me: "No...no, I just want the Shrimp Teriyaki bowl... we already paid."  Manager: "Oh, Shrimp... okay, that'll be $7." Me: FACE PALM10 mins later, we got our dish and it was horrible.  The Spicy Tuna Roll was bland.  The $10 Beef Bento box was basically mall food.  I'm never going back again. Eat here at your own peril.
1	Wow, what an atrocious experience that was.  I ordered the beef teriyaki with noodles, no veg, to go.  Should be simple, right?  I got a beef teriyaki with white rice, extra veg, to eat in.  I watched the man at the counter yell at his line cooks, then take a box over the counter and flip the plate into it, just like that.  He called my order and I was standing right there as he was frantically trying to shove it in the bag.  When I told him I'd like to see it, and asked him politely to please leave it out of the bag, he held up the styrofoam carton and said, "Look good?" Not only did it not look good, but once they'd fixed the order and I walked back to my office, the food was purely inedible.  The beef was fried to within an inch of it's life, tough and full of gristle, but the flavor was unlike any teriyaki I've ever had.  The noodles tasted like three day old grease.  The vegetables, which I had seen while waiting, were limp and washed out, and the dipping sauce was horrendous.I've had a lot of really great experiences with Japanese cuisine, but this is like the McDonald's of Japanese fast food.  A terrible experience that no one should have to repeat.
4	I think the food in general here is quite decent, and the sushi is better than many places. Their non-sushi menu is very fairly priced and the food is good.
