5	Good selection of modern furniture.  Great owner.  He's totally reasonable on prices and making deals.  Delivery was only $40 compared to $100 or more by some of these other furniture stores in Vegas and I've been to them all.  Furniture only took a couple days to get here as well which is nice!Totally recommend this store.
5	One of the best furniture store to go in las Vegas if you are looking for modern furniture, designer knock off/ semi-designer/name brand furniture. Owner was extremely honest, helpful, friendly and was willing to help with price when purchased bundle. Shipping cost were reasonable and was delivered next du on time by professional delivery men. I purchased dinning set, rug, accent chair, closet, accent ottoman, accent table, coffee table and the owner was patiently helpful with selection of items and were never pushy with purchases. I scouted many furniture stores for similar type if furniture and By far, this place was the most reasonable, well presented( somewhat organized furniture store for somewhere they have furnitures from all different brand) and most helpful by the owner/sales associate. It's def. Hidden gem in las Vegas. If you are trying to furnish high-rise, mid-rise, luxury condo/apartment, def check out this place!
5	Best spot in town for modern designed furniture.  Owner was exceptionally helpful in assisting us with selection, purchase, and delivery of a number of items to fill-out our bare to the wall condo.  You may spend a little more for your selections, but if you're into contemporary style and quality, you won't go wrong here.
5	The owner Staffan is a really nice person.  Not pushy at all, and easy to talk to.  I am sure most of you know the kind of salesman that completely ignores your questions and concerns and just wants to push you towards the one they like the most or the ones that makes them the most $$.  Staffan is not like that at all.  He seems to be genuinely kind and wants to help you to find the right stuff for your needs!!Also the furniture there are kept in top condition as well as great quality and material.  Definitely A+ experience.
3	Good for very modern furniture. Quality looks excellent. Found a complete lack of help from sales floor.
5	Very nice furniture yeah some are expensive but most of the price is pretty comparable with other furniture stores, love that they are not pushy you are free to roam around the store, just ask the owner if you have any questions he will help you and work with the price got a dining set and a living room set, both times really happy and the delivery is fast !!!
5	so happy to see a store with contemporary furniture.  Las Vegas seems to be stuck in a time warp, every store has the same style.  We need more options for more modern tastes, this store fits the bill.
5	We furnished almost an entire home from this beautiful store. Great designs and the owner is a pleasure  to work with. There is absolutely no pressure to buy but I know you will find what you are looking for if you like modern and clean cut furniture. Delivery is wonderful.  A wonderful shopping experience. Thank you Stefan!
5	My husband and I have been shopping at this store since 2003. They always have a great range of modern furniture. Prices are good and the owner is always happy to negotiate, especially if you're buying multiple items. We just recently bought our second sectional from here and love it. Delivery men are professional and are the same guys that have been working for By Design for years. Check it out, you won't regret it!
