5	Our daughter was very fearful at first about getting braces but Dr. Choi is not only extremely knowledgeable but was incredibly comforting to her.  Our entire experience with Dr. Choi was beyond our expectations.  I would highly recommend him and he seems to have a way with children and knows how to create a beautiful smile (pun intended)!
5	Before I begin, I'd like to clarify that I am a patient of Dr Choi's and have been since 8th grade (I am starting college now). He is my second orthodontist and he saved me from having jaw surgery. Before Dr. Choi became my orthodontist, I was in the middle of my treatment with my old orthodontist and I already had 1 year of having an expander, 2 years of braces, a retainer, and a year of a rubber band mask. I was fortunate that my mother was questioning my old orthodontist's methods as he already screwed up my sister's face by making her lose her cheekbones, over expanded her mouth, and made her mouth protrude in an unnatural way. After we saw the results that my sister had, we went searching for a new one. After many consultations, every orthodontist and even the State Board of Orthodontics said that I needed to have jaw surgery when I turned 21 but I would "look funny" up until I hit that age (my lower jaw would be made to protrude like a neanderthal until surgery). Let's just say we were not satisfied with those answers and we kept searching for an alternative to surgery. Finally, we found Dr. Choi. Let my remind you, I had an extremely difficult mouth to work with as it was a Class 3 Malocclusion and adding to that difficulty was the fact that i was already past the optimal age for correct treatment. Fortunately, Dr Choi knew exactly what to do and, over the course of 4 years, he fixed all the "damage" that my previous orthodontist inflicted, WITHOUT having to do surgery. He made my cheekbones visible (instead of having a completely flat face), he fixed my horrifying underbite, he fixed my vampiric canines, and made my mouth protrude MUCH less. Dr. Choi was the only orthodontist who had told me that he could avoid surgery and fix my mouth. He knows what he's doing. If you ever need to trust someone with your son/daughter's mouth (or your own mouth), trust Dr. Choi, because he is, by far, the best orthodontist and I'm not even finished yet! Not only is Dr. Choi an amazing orthodontist, but he's extremely friendly and his staff is awesome. His assistants are gentle unlike others that couldn't care less about whether or not you're in pain. This office is not some factory that churns kids in and out, he takes the time to talk to you and explain everything in such a way that even the most complicated things are made simple. I can not tell you how happy I am with my treatment. This may be completely cliche, but Dr. Choi saved my mouth and he is even helping to fix the damage done to my sister's mouth. This is the orthodontist to go to because I know that he will give you the best result.
5	I have lived in AZ since 1988 and I have come across many people here but Dr. Choi stands out because of his character and generosity.  Integrity means alot and Dr. Choi certainly has it.  When considering who and where to go for orthodontics I can think of no finer person than Dr. Choi.
5	Im a patient of Dr.Choy I have been going to him for 6months now and have noticed amazing results! !!!! His staff is friendly and very helpful with any questions I have. Dr Choy is by far the BEST!! My smile is looking amazing and its all thanks to his AWESOME team.
5	Compassionate kind caring and knowledgeable. Having a husband as a dentist, we would only send our son to the best...and Dr. Choi and his incredible staff are truly the BEST! When can you call a medical/dental office and actually speak with the dr? Well Dr. choi MAKES the time to handle his own calls and responds in a professional manner and explains everything in detail. I would highly recommend Dr. choi and his STAFF they are truly the best of the best!
