5	I decided to try Mike's Tire Factory this weekend for new tires, an alignment, and an oil change. I pass this shop everyday on my way to work and figured that i should see if they were worth my time to buy tires from there or not. What a great surprise. I was greeted by Tom who was able to give me a price match with Sam's Club (lowest price around for tires) on four BF Goodrich Advantage T/A tires, and a ten dollar discount on my alignment for buying the tires there. Long of the short, not only was I in and out in under two hours, his technician(s) were able to resolve a shimmy problem that I had in the front end for the last few years (no one could resolve it - not even the dealer). Tom was very helpful in my tire decision. I knew what I wanted and he ordered them right away earlier in the week and had them there when I arrived. This place is much better then Discount Tire, Sears, or any of the other tire shops around. Give them a try.
5	My tire was losing air and I hadn't had time to do more than fill it up every time I stopped for gas. I saw Mike's Tire Factory was right down the street so this morning I decided to swing in and see if they would take a look. I wish I had the name of the manager/lead guy who helped me right away. He was kind, courteous and was quick to get things rolling. After finishing a section and a half of the newspaper, I was told I was all set. I reached for my wallet and again told, "You're all set". My tire had a screw in it so they took that out and patched it up. I was planning on paying around $20 or so for just looking at it, so this was a great surprise. When I find an automotive place that shows me I can trust them to not take advantage of me, they gain a loyal customer.
5	Hidden away just off the 101 freeway is one of the best front end mechanics I have ever found. He got me in with a new tie rod and front end alignment for $150 after a gyp joint gave me an estimate of over $600.
5	I opted to select Mike's for the convenience of location initially. However, if we ever moved, I know with 100% certainty that I would continue to have them service all of my vehicles. Chuck and Ron are always courteous, attentive, mindful of my time and budget, and men of integrity.With our first visit, we went in for a long overdue break job. AAA had recommended a shop down the street. After a quick phone call, Mike's was able to save me more than $300 for the same job. A year later, we had some concerns with some noises. Today, they're fixing them @ no charge. Just wanted to say thanks, Gentlemen!
5	Great quick service and a friendly staff!I had a nail in my tire and they promptly fixed it for no charge and I was in and out in 30 minutes with no appointment. The last time I went to Costco for a tire fix, it took them 2.5 hours! Really Costco! I will definitely go back to Mike's for other repairs as they come up. It is close to my house and from the other reviews, it looks like they are the only fair priced mechanics in the area. I'm so glad I found them:)
5	Best deal on tires, found them on Yelp. Glad to do business with them. I've already had a nail in the tire and they got me in and out of there fast and free!
5	The crew at Mikes Tire Factory know what customer service is all about! Initially, I went to Mikes for new tires on my truck because they are close to my house and were the cheapest in town. After experiencing the great customer service on that first visit and discovering that they also do general auto repair, I have had work done at Mikes several times and they have been consistent with prompt , great, service each time. If you're looking for great service and good prices, look no further. These guys are prompt, courteous, and won't try to nail ya for repairs you don't need.
5	Mike's is great! Last Sunday my boyfriend's car died (cable connecting the battery corroded through) and we got it towed to Mike's.  Bf was going out of town Monday morning so we went in at 7am to talk to them about the repair. They had it finished by Tuesday and let me keep it there til Friday for free until bf got back in town and we could pick it up. On another occasion they gave me a free oil change because I had to wait 45 minutes! I will definitely continue going to Mike's!My boyfriend's review on the same experience is listed below.- But actually maybe not because it looks like Yelp deleted it for some reason? Come on Yelp, what's up with that?
5	My original review got wiped out for some reason... Mike's is the best. They are trustworthy, they don't try to sell you a bunch of extra crap you don't need, and they're honest. Best example, I recently had them look into a minor mechanical issue on my car. And according to what my gearhead friend told me later, there was a cheap, quick fix, but also an expensive fix that replaced the whole part. I had no idea, but they did it the cheaper (and perfectly acceptable) way and didn't take advantage of me by replacing the whole part and marking it up with an hour of labor. I've been getting tires, oil changes, and minor repairs at Mike's for 10 years now (through 2 cars), and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to any of my friends. I actually sent my boss' daughter to them, which I definitely wouldn't do if I didn't trust them.
5	After doing a search on Yelp to find a place to get my tire fixed I found Mike's Tire Factory.  I had gone to a big tire store that does repairs and they told me the hole on my tire was too big to be plugged.  That other store immediately tried to sell me on a new tire.I called and spoke with Jasen at Mike's Tire Factory and he said that he thought they could fix it.  Brought it in the next day and they had the tire fixed, mounted on the rim and mounted under my car in 10 minutes.  I asked how much and they said "no charge". This place is awesome.  People are very nice.  The service was amazing.  Couldn't have been a better experience.
5	I have been going to Mike's Tire Factory for 5 years.  Enough said.  They get the job done and treat customers right.
5	I just left this place a few minutes ago and couldn't wait to write a review for their awesome service.I walked in this morning and dropped off my Jeep because it was shaking when I drove it. We went camping this past weekend and I thought I had messed up my alignment or something so I decided to take it in.Not too long later I got a call saying my car was done, mud on the tires caused it to be off balance. Of course, I didn't feel too smart after finding out that was all that was wrong, but the point is, I had no clue. They could have done something else and charged me and I wouldn't have known the difference.I walked out of there without paying a dime and my Jeep drove perfect on the way home. Next time I have an ACTUAL problem I will definitely be bringing my Jeep back here. Super honest and super friendly people.
1	We've been bringing our business here for a couple of years due to the convenience of the location, good customer service, and decent prices. However, recently we feel like we were duped after we brought one of our vehicles in to have the A/C checked out due to it blowing warm air. After dropping the car off, to our surprise, we received a phone call twenty minutes later informing us that on top of needing a new A/C hose, we also needed a new radiator. Wtf?! Yeah, we were told the radiator was leaking and needed to be replaced. That's funny, the radiator wasn't leaking while it was parked in our garage twenty minutes ago, nor was it leaking when we dropped the car off, in front of the shop. So we drove over to the shop and had them show us the leak. Instead of a leak, what we were shown was a geyser squirting a stream of coolant from the back side of the radiator. It looked like the radiator had been punctured. I called bs; that radiator didn't just spring a squirting stream of coolant like that without some help. Of course I got some song and dance from the sales guy Jason about how they don't do business that way etc. Well, it's pretty damned ironic that we dropped the vehicle off needing a new A/C hose and low and behold the radiator just so happens to start spraying coolant like it's Old Faithful.Not buying it guys! You just lost a valued customer.Now I question whether our vehicle really needed that new head gasket awhile back after we were told it was blown and then coughed up almost 2 g's for, but yet our vehicle other than idling rough showed no other trouble signs and the removed head gasket looked pristine when it was shown to us. Beware!
5	I rarely write review on Yelp unless the place is really really amazing. And this place absolutely is. I brought my own set of wheels in to get them switched with my old ones and have one valve stem replaced. When I first came in, the staff was very friendly and willing to help. It took an hour to get things done. They did a really great job. When I picked up the car, as a girl, I was prepared to get ripped off at this kind of place. But guess what, I didn't have to pay a penny. I was surprised and asked to pay but the guy insisted that it's all free. I didn't mind paying but that's a really smart way of them to keep me going back for more and more and more if I need some tires. I highly recommend this place to anyone. Give them a chance and you won't be disappointed.
4	Don't put on the brakes! Get the brakes taken care of by Ron's Service and Tire Center.I was recommended by my son and his wife. This place was clean and very professional.  They helped me right away. The check my brakes and called me back w/in 15 min. to let me know the status of my brakes.  They said I definitely needed new brake pads, which I already knew. They also said that my rotors were fine, the first place I went to said I may need to have those replaced.  I explained that I needed my car back my a certain time and they said they would do their best. They did better than that, it was ready an hour earlier then I requested.  I would recommend them to anyone. Their prices were better than 2 other places that I had gotten quotes from as well.  I will definitely use them again!
5	Definitely would recommend Ron's Service and Tire Center!  My friend who lives in the area said she likes going there for tires but I wasn't too sure about the service side of things.  Last week I was greeted with a dead battery in my work parking lot, so I called up Ron's and they said if I could get a jump they would take my car in right away.  After jumping the battery, I drove over to Ron's, the friendly team there greeted me and even drove me back to work so I didn't have to sit around and wait.  Shortly after they called to tell me my battery was in fact dead and needed replaced, and I approved of the price.  Less than 2 hours later they called to say it was ready, and that they would come back to my work to pick me up!  I had requested an oil change and tire rotation while it was in there.  When I went to pay for my service they threw in the oil change and tire rotation for free!  What a great experience.  I would go back there, and I would trust them with any car issues in the future.  Thanks to the guys at Ron's Service and Tire Center for great service!
5	Quickest oil change i have ever had in my life. Seriously.In and freaking out in less than 15min it seemed like.Decent prices, nice dudes working.Def repeat customer now.And, its right down the street from my house...BOOMSCORECANTBETHAT
5	After missing a doctor's appointment in Chandler, I decided to try and find a place where I could get my oil changed. I looked around on Yelp and found Ron's to be one of the most highly rated shops around that area. I called with about 20 minutes till closing but they agreed to fit me in. The manager was working the counter and was very personable and professional. After finding out that this was my first visit, he even offered to give me a HUGE discount on all of my services there that day!They were able to finish everything up in about 12 minutes or less and did a great job. I would highly recommend Ron's to anyone looking for super fast and friendly service.
4	My car had been overheating yesterday on my drive home from work so this morning my first stop was to put some coolant in before I got on my merry way. After about 5 minutes of driving, my car shut off after exiting the freeway and I was thankfully able to start it back up and chug into Ron's parking lot. Jasen, the manager, noticed me outside and asked if I needed any help and I told him what happened. He popped up the hood and said that his team would be able to take a look within an hour, so I made myself comfortable in their lobby. Not too long later one of the mechanics explained to me what was wrong, and another one took me out to my car to further explain what was happening. My car is my dad's other baby so he did some price shopping and he found a place that could get it done for cheaper, but the entire time the staff was more than friendly and I never felt that they were trying to take advantage. They were getting a lot of traffic while I was there and by their rating, I thanked Jasen for their time and let him know I'd give them a call when I need to replace my tires. Good guys, nice shop.
5	I am not a local of Phoenix area but lucky enough to have found this place! I called so many for quotes. Felt like I was going to get hosed on all of them except this one! Quick and efficient brake service! And affordable! No rotors to change either :)
5	I came in today because as I was leaving class, I heard a grinding sound accompanied by a bit of vibration in my brake pedal. I called and spoke to Jasen who was able to get me in 10 minutes later. They took my car right away and a tech even came out to ask me some additional questions about what I had experienced and how often my brakes were doing what happened today (very rarely). I waited about 20 minutes before I was told (for the FIRST TIME IN HUMAN HISTORY at a service repair shop): "we couldn't find anything wrong with your brakes so we aren't going to replace anything because we don't want to charge you for something that doesn't need to be done." I think hell froze over...what??? You mean I don't need to get 4 new brake pads, tires, a new air filter and an oil change for the lovely price of 1000 dollars like most other places? Do my ears deceive me?I'm definitely coming back here if I have any problems in the future as they don't seem to want to shake me for every penny and actually care about what I need.
5	I was researching around for a cheap oil change place and my roommate recommended this place. The reviews looked great and they had discounts on yelp ($20 just by saying that you saw the deal) or facebook. They are open until 5:30 so I went there at 4:45 to get service. Since they were already booked, I said "no problem" and agreed to come in the morning. I drove home and when I turned my car off I discovered that my key was stuck (ignition lock switch valves were funky again). Damnit. I called Jasen (who I talked at the shop) and asked if they did that kind of repairs and if i could run back there and drop off my car. He said yes, so off I went.They open at 7am, and by 7:30, Jasen had already called me letting me know that the issue was indeed the ignition lock switch. But here's the best part: instead of replacing the part, he told me that he could just bypass the switch in the system, thus only charging me for labor vs a new part, labor, etc. By 8:30 my car was ready: ignition issue fixed, oil change, tire rotation, etc. Total? $130.When I came back Jasen recognized me and was super nice. He even recommended me to someone that can do my keyless entry for me (something i've been meaning to get done for a whiiiileee now but have procrastinated). The quote his friend gave me was lower than the 10 places i researched on Yelp. Baller.I really loved the team at Ron's tire center. Super honest, incredibly nice and fast. It makes the ridiculously nuisance of getting car fixes a whole lot easier, and considerably cheaper.
5	GREAT! Came in with a flat tire and needed my tires rotated along with an oil change and because I was a first-timer, they did it all for FREE. Great service. Very speedy! Ill be coming here as long as I live in AZ!!!!!
5	I was taught by my dad at a young age that no matter where I live I need to take the time to find an auto mechanic I can trust. Ron's was not that mechanic the first two years I lived here. I had found another place that was also highly recommended on yelp.After a few years my car needed some more serious work than usual. I took it to several places to make sure all the diagnosis lined up and to see what the price would be. Jason at the front gave me a quote that was 20% cheaper than anywhere else and was very honest and helpful.Since then I have taken my cars to get quotes elsewhere every time they need something more serious than an oil change and every time Ron's has the best rate. I have come to trust their judgement and have recommended them to my family and friends whenever asked.The people who work here are polite, trustworthy and know their trade. If you live in the area and you need work done on your car you should certainly get a quote from them before making a final decision on where to go.
5	Fantastic customer service. The store manager Jason was very friendly and a straight shooter. Went in for an oil change and it took less time then I was quoted. Very cheap oil change compared to other places.The only silly negative I can think of is that they had the tv show Doctors on in the waiting room and that show blows. Very comfy couches though! I would come back for anything car related.
5	Honest, quick service, and a great value. Thank you, Jason!
5	When my daughter's car had problems, it was towed to another shop.  They quoted us an outrageous price to fix it and were not friendly.  Not comfortable with them, we had the car towed to Ron's Service and tire Center.  What a differance!  Ron's was friendly, professional and the cost to fix the car was a fraction of the other place.  I recommend Ron's to everyone I meet.
5	Jason is the man. Great service for the entire shop. My tire got a nail last year, brought it in and they fixed it at no charge. Then getting new tires couple months later. I had to wait for couple hours and they gave me a free oil change. Really good guys there.
5	I'm such a fan of this place! They are super on top of things, respectful, and fast!  As a 30 woman I can dread going into automotive places as you never know how you will be treated but they are always fantastic! Worth every penny!
5	Great customer service! My car overheated on the 101 and I was able to get right. Thanks for your help!
5	Although the name has changed over the years, the service, the trust, and the reliability has stayed the same.  These are the REAL good guys!  My mother just went there this morning and she posted this on Facebook:  "A BIG Shout Out and THANK YOU to all the wonderful, friendly guys at Ron's! I'm always somewhat panicked when the "service engine soon" light comes on in my car ... but I know I can always go there to get the problem resolved ASAP! They even opened up 20 minutes earlier than they had to for me and thank you SBJ it was only due for an oil change-$30...WHEW! Color me happy!"
5	Blew a tire on my way into Tempe from Los Angeles, found Ron's on Yelp. Found the place and got in 15 min before closing. I wasn't hopeful but the guys there double checked, found a tire to replace my weak donut and were really nice, helpful and fast.Definitely coming back!
5	I just moved here from Minnesota and blew a tire heading over to Tempe on hwy 60. My ford f150 has special tires and they were able to locate one to replace it in a timely manner. But the most important part is the entire staff at Ron's has such a positive attitude helpful and knowledgeable. I will be going back for all of my automotive needs great job guys! And thank you!
5	Brad, Jasen, Chuck! All great guys!! Thank you all for you help!! I was stranded and Chuck picked me up took me to the store, Jasen and Brad fixed my tire and Brad took the time to drive to my car and put on the tire for me with a smile! I'm so grateful we have people like them that truly care. Beyond amazing customer service!! Please go here, you will not regret it!
2	I've been taking my car and wife's for the past 6 months and have been very pleased. My larger service requests are always handled promptly and efficiently. Today I had a smaller request and was told it would only take a couple hours. I returned 5 hours later to find it still hadn't even been worked on and had to take my car elsewhere. Hope it was just a bad day, not a sign of importance based on $ize of the job.
5	This is a great auto repair shop. I give them a perfect ten for customer service, reliability and honesty. I took my car in, because when I have to make that hard left, in order to get into my garage I would hear and clunking sound. That's what you don't want to hear from 2003 i35 A little personal background, I know next to nothing about cars.So my first thought was "Here we go" I took my car in and they fixed it, for the grand total of 68.70!!!! You can pay that much for an oil change in Tempe.
5	First time coming here and I'll def be back. Thorough and not trying to sell me off. Just what I was looking for.
5	I got an oil change here a couple days ago and was blown away by the service and honesty of this place. Jasen the manager commented that I took great car of my car, took the time to get to know me, and even gave me a free oil change. It's nice to finally find a place I can trust and continually come to. I Highly recommend this shop!
5	They sponsor my softball team and I took the  long drive to have my car checked out... Well worth the drive... They really care!!! And it shows... He put love into my car and it showed... I recommend this place to everyone!!!
5	I realized yesterday that I'm very quick to write a bad review when I'm upset about service/quality, but  never take the time to write a good one.  well......the guys at Ron's deserve more than 5 stars!  I've been going there for the last 7-8 months for various car problems and they've been the best!  quick/honest/cheaper than most on labor.  Yesterday I took them a dozen donuts just to say thanks because the manager, Jason, went out of his way to contact another mechanic for me to explain why I was having to have their work re-done!  Above and beyond!  donuts weren't enough - but it was all I could think of!
