5	These guys are awesome!!! Best Vet we've ever had. We have a Golden Retriever with thyroid issues and severe allergies. The doctors and staff are always very caring with our pets and our wallet. You truly get the sense that these guys love what they do and that they care for your pet. If you are anywhere in the East Valley, its worth the drive. Ask for Dr. Oliver.
2	This animal hospital is extremely clean and well run and the staff is friendly, but I've been bothered by the somewhat excessive markups they charge for non-prescription medicines and pet accessories. I would advise anyone to price-check with Amazon for anything before you purchase. I'm still taking our cat here for check-ups, etc., but there's something impersonal about the way they operate. Sorry I can't be more specific than that.
5	This is a GREAT place to take your pets.  They fit me in same day.  The customer service was AWESOME!  And they are not trying to rip you off (as Banfield does in Petsmart).  Wonderful, and they will be my vet of choice from now on.  Very customer oriented!  Great job!
5	Dr. Oliver has been our family vet for years.  He is incredible!  He spends a long time explaining all options and always goes over costs in detail even before a simple exam.  They are conscious of the economic climate and have many solutions to lessen the impact on your wallet while still giving the best possible care. We have French Bulldogs, Boxer and Boston Terriers and has been our number once source in picking out new breeders.  He loves his clients and is so compassionate and caring. We can't rave enough about the staff and Dr. Oliver.  We drive from Scottsdale to Augusta Ranch, they are that good!
5	Have been taking my dog s to Dr. Oliver for years and can't say enough good things about him. He is the most caring Dr and I will always go to him unless an emergency requires me to see one of the other doctors.  Very special person when it comes to animals and will always trust him with my dogs care.  As far as the cost, yes they may be a little high but it's well worth the care that my dogs get.
2	This is a very clean well equipped clinic with very friendly staff.  However, with that being said, I don't believe they offer anything which would justify their pricing structure.  Based on my experience, they are overpriced and very willing to tack on unnecessary services to pad the bill.  I have never paid so much for vaccinations and basic checkups.
5	The staff is always so kind and caring with us and our two dogs. They are good about remembering our names and covering all the bases whenever we come in for an appointment. Happy to recommend them!
1	I've been having a hard time finding a vet that I felt like I could trust and was doing the best for my pets.  I received a recommendation from a friend for Augusta Ranch to help treat my dog's Valley Fever.  I was very pleased with their treatment and his quick recovery! However, I brought my 13 year old cat here to figure out what was causing him to constantly vomit.  Turned out he had diabetes and the vet wanted to prescribe him the most expensive (probably most effective) insulin that is on the market. I explained that I was not in the position to spend $200/month on insulin for a cat and asked for alternatives.  The vet did not want to prescribe any other insulin and the reception then told me that "Maybe it's time my family and I enjoy the time we have left with him"!!!!  After I collected my emotions I went to another vet for a second opinion.  They were more than willing to work with me regarding affordable insulin, and wouldn't you know it, my cat is now in remission, living a healthy life!  Needless to say, after I was told to basically watch my cat die, I will not be going back here!!
