2	Slow disorganized service. Food is ok but nothing special. Our fries were soggy like they had sat under a heat lamp for hours. The tuna melt was dry and the eggs and sausage were dry and bland. Will not return.
2	I had no problem with the food, ambience or service.  But they nickel and dime you to a degree that's "cheesy" and stingy, as my friend said. We had breakfast, for 3, and I had oatmeal, the other two had eggs, and the bill was $30 - before tip!  Listen to this:  I asked for maple syrup to pour on the oatmeal - a dollar.  I asked for some banana for the oatmeal - $2.50!  So the oatmeal ended up $9!  They refilled my coffee cup - another dollar. We each asked to substitute a bagel for toast - another $3.  Benedict's is the airlines of restaurant - they nickel and dime you to death.  My friend joked that she was surprised they didn't charge extra to toast the bagel. ,
2	not a breakfast place I would go to again. I would recommend if you are in the area and want brunch, to go to Vino and Terrace instead.the food here is diner fare. if that's what you want then go here, but don't expect exceptional.
3	Mediocre food and service.  If I didn't live in Montreal I would go back..(meaning it was decent, but much better spots available in Montreal)  I've actually eaten there twice, both times were similar in service and food quality.
2	The food was alright but they are completely disorganized in terms of seating and service. Tables are super small but they clog it with a HUGE basket of milk/creams for coffee.  Costed us around $40 for two people and breakfast, quite expensive.
1	Service is terrible and the food isn't worth the price. If you're going to serve brunch, learn how to make a Caesar and cook eggs in less that 30 mins, especially when the restaurant only has 3 tables occupied. I hate it when I see one server running around trying to do everything while the owner stands behind the bar watching tv. Close your business and sit in your livingroom.
1	Service was absolutely terrible. We had a party of 10 and are travelling from the US, so we were unaware that they prefer reservations for large parties. We arrived at the restaurant pretty early for Sunday brunch (around 9am) and the restaurant was half empty. The girl who 'greeted" us at the door was so rude! She tried to make us sit outside on these crappy benches! We ended up splitting our party in half and sitting at different tables inside...while she was giving us dirty looks from the bar. Not sure what her problem was. I was really confused why they were so mad about getting business? They ruined their chances of a tip (we are big tippers in Texas...but not when service is RUDE and SLOW)Other than the bad start, the food was actually pretty good. I got a breakfast crepe and was happy with that. Also their mimosas were good too.Too bad the good food is ruined with crap service. Won't be coming here on our next visit to Montreal.
1	Poor food quality. Not worth the price.
