1	So I recently had bought a groupon deal for 1 full syringe of juviderm at lunchtime lift md , I was so excited to book my appointment  I've had my lips done before at another spa ( Beverly Hills rejuvenation center) in Scottsdale which was amazing btw!! But I came across this awesome deal on groupon full syringe juviderm for 40% off so I bought it spent 232.00$ including a groupon discount I had, so went ahead and scheduled an appointment for 06/13/2014 @ 12pm but the day prior I received a call that I'd have to reschedule  do to the  person that was going to do my injections was sick. I was bummed but I know that life happens so rescheduled for the following Friday (today) 06/20/2014 same time but an hour prior to my appointment  I got a call once again I'd have to reschedule do to  an emergency  !!!! Ugh, the receptionist was nice about it tho.. I was really looking forward to using this groupon and bragging about this company but I can't they are not flexible and probably need a larger staff if there's always emergencies. So I did not reschedule instead I called groupon and kindly asked for a refund which they were awesome about they even offered to contact the company and schedule for me but, it's the principle I'm to busy to keep getting cancelled on I work full time and have 2 kids. And how much of an emergency could it have been , once I called groupon to ask for a refund I got a call back from lunchtime lift md telling me oh you can still come in today... No thank you!!! I will find a company that wants my business.... -Leah
5	I Can't believe this place had a bad review!This has to be my new favorite place to get botox! I have been getting botox for years, & have been to many different places trying to find a place that I like.The 32nd st. office was very nice, & welcoming. Best of all it didn't have that "yuppy" factor which is what you typically get, with most of these types of places.I received a groupon for botox, & juvederm. Called a day before, & made an appointment for the next day. The receptionists were very nice, & greeted me right away.I had Lori W. And she was so nice, & did an amazing job! Lori took the extra time to make sure that the placement of the product was to my liking, & was very thorough with aftercare. She even gave me suggestions to products, that would shorten the healing time.This place is a definite winner, & I will surely be back! :)Thanks lunchtime M.D.!
5	It was my first time getting botox and I bought the groupon. Initially I was nervous because A. Groupon on first time botox, B. the waivers that you sign state that there can be irregularities and it isnt guaranteed to work for everyone. But what the heck, happy 26th birthday to me. I had to cancel my first two appointment attempts and the staff was very accommodating. When I got to my appointment, I was explained the process and it was tailored to my own face since I have some unevenness. Big thumbs up for this as ive had several consultations and no one mentioned anything. My botox kicked in in about 3 days, and due to the nature of my face I did have a few irregularities, and when I called to make a follow up appointment LunchtimeLift MD was  very kind to get me in ASAP. The ladies took time out of their lunch hour to fit me in and fix me up. They care about your results... this isnt some turn em and burn em business like many out there. Dont hesitate to give LunchtimeLift a try. They have two offices, one in Phoenix and other in Chandler. Highly recommended.
