3	I think this is a great place and great for the neighborhood, but they have no caffiene free teas available, which is disappointing because it means I won't be back until there is caffiene free tea available as my fiance doesn't do caffiene.  I love that they have outdoor seating!
3	Their patio was definitely the star of the show - for some reason this corner of the street has some killer feng shui. The interior is okay, needs a little more work to enhance the coziness.The espresso was too bitter, so don't come here exclusively for the coffee. They also have bubble tea, which I didn't try yet. Also have some kind of dumplings (can't remember).
4	I like the coffee a lot, and there are some yummy selections of pastry from Stella's bakery.  It's a great addition to the little corner strip of Johnson and North Street.  I usually walk here, but there may be a bit of a problem with parking close to the cafe during peak times (and this definitely will continue if/when something moves into the currently empty corner store front on Johnson/North).  Jade Mountain has also added panini and pot stickers to their lunch menu.  It's a nice little place, and I hope to continue going there a lot in the future.Also, I believe they are able to take credit cards, but they do prefer that you pay with cash.
4	I've been here a couple times. Their bubble tea is very tasty, and the patio was a nice place to sit out and enjoy the sun. It would be nice if they stuck a couple more tables out there though.
5	A hot summer day and a nice, cool, fresh pearl drink. It doesn't get better than this! It can be tough to find real bubble tea that ISN'T made from that nasty powdered stuff; I have a hard time even amongst the plethora of places in the Bay Area. Jade Mountain's bubble tea is top notch quality, made from actual tea, with love and fluffy, fluffy frothiness on the top. Yum!
5	Really good bubble/boba tea! Red is my favorite. They also have stella's bakery scones and spicy cheese bread. Can't wait until winter to try hot bubble tea.
5	Went here and tried not to get excited... im from california and i know good boba when i drink it...After my first sip i was immediately satisfied with my green milk tea with boba!!The tea at this place is Taiwanese style which is better then Hong Kong style in my opinion, now if only they can add their famous fried chicken and butter toast to their menu...Word of advise, i like my tea not too sweet and the one they made was perfect for me. However, it is usually a lot sweeter, so if you have a sweet tooth ask for more syrup!
5	I ordered a black milk tea for under 3 bucks which it's totally reasonable price. It tasted pretty good...you can tell it's made fresh with real tea - none of that powder crap. It's not as rich/caffeinated as HK style milk tea (what I'm used to in the bay area) but I would definitely come back here to satisfy my milk tea craving. Very comfortable/clean seating area and the cashier/owner is very polite (handed my change back with both of his hands!) Too bad it's so far away.
5	Great food, drinks and environment! Love the bubble tea and potstickers.
3	Their menu is pretty typical for a tea house: black/red/green (milk) teas, fruit teas, et cetera et cetera. I do appreciate that they have S, M, L options for their drink sizes instead of the usual one-size-fits-all. I ordered a medium green milk tea, and I'm not sure if the tapioca pearls were included or if they were an add-on, but either way my drink cost me less than $3.75. The tapioca pearls are not as "Q" as I would have liked (could have probably been boiled for a few more minutes), and their milk tea is clearly made from powder....but I'll take what I can get. I wish there was more indoor seating available - either that, or they need to control the sprawl of customer belongings so that they can clear up more seats for other patrons. Fortunately, the weather was nice, so I was able to take my drink outdoors to their patio. Overall, Jade Mountain did not disappoint, but I shall continue my search for the best pearl milk tea that Madison has to offer.
5	Jade Mountain is a great little place and I'm really happy to have it in my neighborhood. I've only ever had their bubble teas but they are quite delicious. Quite often then tapioca bubbles have just been freshly prepared, and recently I've noticed that they have other options like lychee jelly. For that matter, It seems like every other time I go back there is some kind of new tea flavor or variety on the menu.On top of the tasty drinks the staff is always super friendly and the environment is relaxed and comfortable. Great place to hang out on a lazy Sunday.
5	This place is great! The prices are super reasonable and the tea is just how I like it-- not too sweet, with great tea flavor. I wish I lived in Madison so I could get bubble tea here all the time! It's a great place to hang out for a bit; you can get your drink in a glass if you want to drink it while you're there. The owners are really friendly!
4	I had their chicken bun (they were out of pork) and a taro milk tea with pearl tapioca. The milk tea was very good, and served on site, the medium sized cup was fairly generous in size. I liked the flavor of the bun a lot, and it came in a bamboo steamer - a nice touch.The interior is fairly nice, with matching black but varying in height sets of tables and chairs and a few cushioned seats and lower tables. Service was rather friendly. It seems like business is pretty good.  They have other appetizers and desserts that I didn't get to try, but I'll be coming back.  The location is rather tucked away on E. Johnson (and North Street) and I like that - parking is easy - though it also appears that a lot of the business comes from residents in the neighborhood who get their orders to go. Madison - your boba tea has finally made its authentic debut at Jade Mountain!
5	Their milk teas are perfect. Very subtle flavors with just the right amount of sweet and milkiness to tea ratio. I think they blend their teas rather than shake, but it comes out tasting smooth, refreshing, and cool. I also appreciate they keep their indoor temperature at normal levels. Who wants to be ice-blasted by the air-con? I can actually wear a t-shirt inside, rather than have to bring a sweater with me on a hot summer day. Or, I can sit outside on their cute furniture with my cool drink. They're a bit of a ways from campus, but whenever I'm in the area I try to stop by and support this unique find in Wisconsin.
3	It was okay. They had lychee jelly on their menu but they didn't have any in stock. Cute cafe atmosphere. Maybe next time ill try something else.
5	I cannot possibly say enough nice things about this place.  Their bubble tea is delicious - real tea, lightly sweetened tapioca pearls; sweet and refreshing and never cloying.  I particularly recommend the red milk bubble tea.  I've tried bubble tea other places since Jade Mountain opened, but nothing else compares.Their chicken and pork pot stickers are perfect snack food, and the pork ramen is excellent - better than Umami's at half the price.  They have a tendency to run out of the various food items on the menu, but there's usually an equally good alternative available.Throw in friendly staff, casual atmosphere, good prices, wifi, and a rewards program, and Jade Mountain is well worth my commute from the west side.
5	I can't stress enough how great this place is.  I've been coming here regularly since I discovered it last winter and will continue to do so. The first thing I noticed about this place was their great customer service.  The workers are always friendly - especially the owners - and you can tell that they try to get to know a lot of their regular customers.  They're also very helpful in answering any questions about the teas and can give recommendations.  Thumbs up on the milk tea, mountain tea (a really unique and great taste), coffee and the fruit teas.  The little desserts are a nice touch and the one I've tried was good.  Their steamed buns are good as well.The only thing I wouldn't recommend is the pork ramen.  My friend and I both tried it and neither of us liked how fatty the pork was.  The ramen is okay but I probably wouldn't order it again for the price.  But overall I find their prices to be very reasonable.
5	This is the best bubble tea we can find in town. I would rather drive a little bit further than getting any bubble tea around the campus, I would say it is better than Steepery(it is good too). Their service is awesome too. I just enjoy its taro and macha smoothies that ease my throat because they have the right amount of sweetness (not too sweet) and good flavor tastes.
5	Great experience. Cute local run shop. Tea and coffee drinks were both very good. The Bun was also very good, and they have Potstickers and Ramen also.
3	Going to leave this short and salty.Got the Taro Milk Teas. It had no flavor. More just a cream flavor. Also got the Veggie Ramen. Just by looking at my picture. It looked unappetizing and salty. Ohh and it was. Needed a glass of water to cleanse the mouth. Looked/tasted like the ramen I used to get in the store in the containers just dumped in a blow and just added in some veggies.The staff was nice, so may give them another chance with the tea.
5	This place is awesome!  Best bubble tea in town--they actually brew the tea and their pearls are the best kind.  Way better than the carts on Library Mall or the Steepery, which seem to tend toward a powder mixture for their teas.  I also had the veggie potstickers, which were very tasty.  And for the fact that they use nice brewed teas and nice pearls, the prices are awesome.  Woohoo!!!
5	Jade Mountain has delicious bubble tea! I recommend the fruit teas (ordered cold). The veggie ramen is lovely as well-- quite a big portion for $5.50.
5	oh I remember the first time I came to find this gem. Having heard so much about their Bubble tea and at the time Madison didn't have any bubble tea place (back when Steepery was not there), I took a number 9 bus and thanked God that I didn't miss it!Opening the door, I could feel a nice vibe and good atmosphere and the owner greeted me. Before coming, I learned about their products on website but when I was in front of the counter, I still had no idea what to order. The owner was being extremely helpful and nice. He understood right away that I was new to his place.So, he suggested some tea to be combined with Taro (yeah, I am a big fan of TARO). And of course,  I didn't forget to add some bubbles. Since then, I came here with hubs and my girlfriends. One or two time we came to read and write, other time was only  to chat the whole day or evening long with my girlfriends. They didn't mind having us camp there. That's so nice of them.After coming for several times, I got to try their pot stickers and eggroll. They're good and I like them. Too bad, I didn't dare to try their ramen, as I was warned by a friend that the ramen didn't live up to our standard. But other than that, I love their bubble tea. Their level of sweetness is just right. I can't take something which is too sweet. And now (starting from a few months ago), they have the star punch sent directly to our email. That's nice.To be honest, this place is better than the other one. The only thing that keeps me coming everyday is the location. But, a little effort is worth doing to have a huge portion of Taro bubble tea. And hubby is always happy to drive me here, on weekends or after work.
4	I just moved around the block from this place!  It is going to dangerous the amount of tea and delicious that will be consumed.
4	Jade Mountain being out of something seems to be the theme of the reviews. I would have to agree as I have frequently found they out of bubbles. The egg sandwiches are prepackaged frozen, microwaved and then grilled. The straws are unwrapped which I agree is pretty unsanitary. I also agree that the regulars really camp out in there causing there to rarely be a spot to sit due to their bags and such everywhere. I find their coffee to be nothing special, and barely better than gas station coffee. Why on earth would I give them 4 stars?Because the red bubble tea is WONDERFUL when it is fresh and available! The sweet bao are delicious. I also really like the owners. They are knowledgable and friendly. There is a lot of room for improvement, but Jade Mountain really does have a good thing going.  I hope they are able to adapt to the changing desires of the consumer (wrapped straws & no microwave anything), and stay around for a long time.
5	The bubble tea here is outstanding. If you don't know what bubble tea is, you are missing out. First of all, although it's tea it is a cold drink. They start with either a fruit juice (made from actual fruit) or sweetened tea mixed with milk, then add large black, chewy, sweet tapioca pearls at the bottom. You drink it through a giant straw that lets you suck up the pearls. We have had some of the fruit versions, and mango, blueberry, and grape are our favorites. For more traditional tea flavors, I love the oolong and the guy loves the red. We have not ever had anything here besides coffee and bubble tea, so I cannot speak to the quality of the food. Although it's a bit of a drive for us, we make the trek at least once a month. If you haven't ever tried it, you are missing out on something wonderful.
5	Hands down the best bubble tea place in Madison, in Wisconsin, or even in the entire Midwest. As a native from bubble tea's home country Taiwan, I generally have a pretty high standard on any flavored tea drinks. Jade Mountain, the name of the highest peak in Taiwan, is a dream come true for many Asian international students at UW-Madison. This place could compete with any tea shops/stands you find everywhere in Taiwan. In term of the bubble tea, the sweetness and chewiness of the bubbles (or pearl or boba, whatever you want to call it) is perfect, and if you taste it carefully, you could tell that Jade Mountain adds legit TEA in the drink, not some crappy tea omnipresent in other tea places. As many reviews have mentioned, their coffee, ramen, and sandwiches are just standard. Stick to the tea menu in your first visits, because it is what Jade Mountain is known for.
4	Me and a friend went to Jade Mountain for soup/appetizers/tea/coffee yesterday.  I had the veggie soup and red tea with milk (hot).  My friend had the pork dumplings, egg rolls and mocha coffee.  The soup was simple yet delicious.  A poached egg was added to the soup that included tofu, noodles, leeks and a clear broth.  Lovely touch.  The soy paste that came with the dumplings was thick but very salty, and the chili sauce complemented the egg rolls well.  The Staff was friendly and the service was good.Any complaints?  Not really.  The only real complaint, if you want to call it that, was the limited menu and tea selection.  However, this business is small.  They are not able to accommodate many patrons who would prefer to stay and read the paper while sipping on a fruit tea.  The location is not exactly ideal either.  Only street parking available.  And easy to miss if you are not looking for it.Suggestions?  Only perhaps to offer teapots with loose leaf tea steeping for friends to enjoy together a la Ma Cha on Monroe St.I am absolutely recommending to go to Jade Mountain if you are/living in the area.  Otherwise I would recommend Ma Cha on Monroe St or hitting your local fav coffee shop.  Obviously based on other reviews, I need to try the bubble tea.Oh!  And a shout out to the guy I spoke with...didn't get his name.  Hopefully you will be there when I go back so we can speak further about your native Taiwan.
5	Finally got a chance to try the veggie ramen today and I was not disappointed. Good broth, great veggies, and a decent portion size. The only issue was that it took about 30 minutes to come out. But it's a small place with probably only one cook. If you're going there for food just plan for a little extra time.
5	Delicious. If Justin is around, he'll recommend a weird combination for your drink, and they are always good. Recommendation #1: Taiwan Latte with coconut syrup. Tastes like an awesome coconut dessert. Yum. Recommendation #2: Half Taiwan Latte and half black tea. I love you. I can never go to sleep before 3 a.m. whenever I drink this, but it is so worth it.
4	Boom! They now have wrapped straws!
3	Ordered veggie ramen and pork bun. Taro milk bubble tea.  Food was aiiight. But goddamn, they must have the microwave turnt to 11 bc I burnt the shit out of my lips on both items. I do like hot food but goddamn! I ain't no fatass or nothin that can't wait for the food to cool down, but ramen is best hot nah mean?Taro milk was good but that extra sugar will give me the diabetes.
5	I love bubble teas!! Especially Jade Mountain bubble teas!!! If you are looking for some great bubble teas in Madison, look no further. The owner originated from Taiwan, the birth place of bubble tea itself. Just this alone more than justify the authenticity of their teas. They know what they are doing, serving up both the traditional taiwan red, green and black teas, as well as some fruit flavors to spice up the variety. They do their bubbles amazingly well, I would say the best I have had in Madison, and comparable to the Chinatown bubble tea in Chicago and California. Their bubbles have a certain chewiness to them, not too hard and not too soft, just right! With a little tinge of sweetness to them. My favorite drinks are the matcha green tea unsweetened, I like that unsweetened, and with the added pearls in the drink, the sweetness is just right. They are also very good at customizing sugar levels, and so I could order another of my favorite drink, taro milk tea, at the half sugar level. There is also a decent menu of ramen, dumplings and baos if you are looking for a meal or a snack. But above all I love and recommend their bubble teas ~~
5	I went to the Steepery on State St and this place the day after. I have to say the tea at Jade Mountain is waaay better. Mango tea with the regular tapioca balls is the best.
4	The smoothie I got was great! It was loaded with tapioca. However, it was the ramen that I stopped in for and I was very disappointed to find that they were out. Maybe another time.
2	I ordered a Milk Tea Latte (no bubbles). I did not realize there was food until I saw the board to my right. This was after I paid and two other patrons came to the counter. Sadly, I did not have enough time to wait in line to order food.Now, I took this time to use their public restroom.  (Back story, I went to Crostini and I wanted a bathroom. Crostini referred me to Jade Mountain and I took the opportunity to get a delicious beverage as well.)I have never in my life been in such a dirty place. My visit was just a week ago, so I was wearing flip flops. I stepped into a flooded bathroom which smelled of things I can not begin to talk about. The bathroom was unfit for use. I have been in cleaner rest areas in the middle of Texas. Awful. I was actually coughing and choking. I am not a person who can handle smells.Needless to say, after this experience I was looking forward to a delicious beverage and running out of the cafe as fast as possible  The Latte was ok. Nothing bad, nothing good. However, I must admit I wondered what their kitchen looked like after walking into that bathroom.
5	Best boba I had in Madison so far and I'm from Taiwan and only recently moved from LA. So not to brag but I know my boba tea. In need of a boba fix and Jade mountain def did it! Got the oolong milk tea with boba. The tea is nice and creamy, not those water down green tea water I had from the sleepy whatever place on state street. The boba is perfectly cooked.  Boba is suppose to be chewy all the way through, if you under cook it, the outside will be soft but the inside is still hard. That ruins the experience of boba and you might as well just shoot the boba out the straws like bbguns.  The atmosphere is intimate. With about 7 or so tables inside. Seems like you can pull them together if you have a bigger group. They also have outdoor seating area. To complete the decor there's copies of manga on the shelf. Although it seems like most of them are in Chinese. They also serve food - ramen, buns, pot stickers and stuff. I haven't tried it yet but will def be back for it soon. The owner is Taiwanese and he definitely does not let our heritage down. The boba is on par with what you would get in Taiwa6n and even better than some places in LA I would say. He is also super nice in general. So if you want the real boba tea in Madison, go to Jade Mountain!
2	This is by far the best bubble tea available in Madison. That being said, the experience at Jade Mountain is usually pretty awful. Even if no one else is in the cafe, it always takes an extremely long time to get your order. If there are others ordering before you, your drink will take forever-- I've waited a half hour for a simple bubble tea before. On multiple occasions, I've ordered a bubble tea and they responded saying that they were out of tapioca pearls or I could wait 30 minutes while they made more. On another occasion, they were open but for some reason, they could not serve any beverages. I want to love Jade Mountain, and I did before I realized that the service was always terrible, but they are extremely unreliable and I doubt I will return in the future because it just causes disappointment.
2	I currently live just a short walk away from Jade Mountain, and only occasionally stop in. It's okay.The drinks are okay, but nothing that I go running back for. The coconut milk tea is decent. The coffee is good. If you like bubble tea, then Jade Mountain will probably leave you satisfied.The food is mediocre. I've ordered the ramen, buns and pot stickers and they are all edible. Nothing mind-blowing, and of similar quality that you'd find at the grocery store.The interior is kind of junky and could use some serious love. They recently got these weird new table/counter things that are pretty nice, but slightly awkward. The bathroom isn't the nicest. Everything inside the shop looks like an arts & crafts project. The patio is nice.Service is slow, as others have stated, but the staff is friendly. There have been a few occasions when they were supposed to be open but weren't, which was annoying.Overall, it'll do, but leaves much room for improvement.
4	Good place for tea and a snack. They don't have a big menu, but there are several vegetarian options.They have one small unisex bathroom. The place is always clean and the people are friendly.The food is a little slow sometimes but always delicious :)
3	I searched all over Yelp for the best place to finally try this infamous bubble tea my friends have been raving about. I wanted to try and find the best bubble tea in Madison. Did I find it? I'm not sure. The bubbles were certainly delicious. The tea? Not so much. I didn't really like the flavor I ended up getting. I had some of my boyfriend's honey dew and that was pretty good, but he didn't get milk in his so it wasn't really the same. For the price, I won't be buying bubble tea again at a cafe. I might try it again at home, but this review isn't for bubble tea itself, right? So back to the store. I didn't really like the atmosphere of the place, so I'll probably never come to sit. The service was... weird. When I ordered everything seemed fine, but when I got my drink it didn't have milk in it. Since I had never really had bubble tea I thought maybe I just didn't have the right idea of what I was getting. After a quick Google search I realized it was in fact not what I ordered. When I approached the employee who made my drink he said he messed up and just auto-piloted making it without milk because the Chinese find adding milk like that to be "unnatural". Er, ok. Well, whatever. I don't think I'll be back, but I'll keep it in mind next time I really want some honeydew tea.
5	The bubble tea (boba) at Jade Mountain is the absolute best in Madison and quite possibly the best I've ever had! The texture of the bubbles is perfection and provide enjoyable mouthfeel, which is not always the case with boba. The masterminds at Jade Mountain are experts at boba preparation. The milk teas we tried were so refreshing and full of flavor - matcha green tea and black tea. I now have a new go-to place for boba in Madison. Happy day!!
4	Bye Steepery! Being an Asian in the United States, it is a pain to order a bubble milk tea and realize your bubbles are of the wrong texture. Jade Mountain's bubbles are the best I've ever had in the States, even better than the ones in LA or New York. Their bubbles are AMAZING. Soft coating and chewy core, sweet and taste perfect when mixed together with their fairly light tea. I've had the Oolong tea twice and Honey Milk Tea (they don't have it on the menu so I asked for a honey substitute in a normal Bubble Milk Tea). Both tasted great and had me talking about it for hours. Never tried the food items. Never tried the coffee or fruit-based items. I pretty much only go to Jade Mountain for authentic Taiwanese milk tea and I suggest you do the same.  Service is slowwww so I took away one star. Expect to wait at least 10 minutes for your order, especially if you're not the only/first customer in line. Still, I would definitely recommend the place if you are looking for some authentic Taiwanese Bubble Milk Tea!
3	Nice latte but very, very loud group of people inside...I don't think I will stop by here next time.
4	This place is way better than the steepery. Not too sugary (they have the right sugar percentage options), AUTHENTIC Taiwanese red tea (really takes me back to summers in Taipei!), and the pearls are great! Sadly, it's a bit out if the way of my usual haunts, and the place is a little small. But this is 100% my new pearl tea place in Madison! I'm sure it would be beautiful to sit outside during the summer.
