4	Having played hockey and had a son who played, I was more then interested when Behind the Mask opened in this strip mall.Since we left Chicago, I've found myself shopping in various hockey stores and always left feeling that they didn't measure up to what we were use to in the Midwest.  But no more!  Behind the Mask is a genuine, honest to goodness Hockey store.  I couldn't tell you what the square footage is, but they have everything!  Including a small hockey rink where you can have your picture taken.  Nice!  As for the prices, they seem very reasonable.  For instance, they carry goalie pads from Mite to Pee Wee, for $250 to $750 or more, which seems very reasonable from what I was use to pay.  Elbow and shoulder pads, chest protectors (both skater and goalie), reinforced pants (again, goalie and skater), all sorts of skates, sticks etc.  But for me, I was just surprised by their large selection which was outstanding.  It helps to have 15' ceilings!  They also have NHL jerseys, so if you want that one of Shane Doan come here.Maybe Hockey has a future here in the Valley of the Sun!WOW!
5	In this review, I'm only referring to this store (as opposed to the Chandler store, which has terrible service). I play a lot of beer league hockey and from time-to-time I upgrade some of my equipment. I can not say enough nice things about the staff there. Super helpful and treat you great no matter what level of hockey. The prices compare (or sometimes beat) the online stores. That's why I'd rather go here and try it on before I buy, much easier than guessing online and sending it back if needed. All around, awesome store.
5	My almost three year old son went ballistic when we arrived here he was so excited to shop hockey equipment. Ari was a delightful help picking out equipment for our son. We will be back in the near future to buy more.
5	BTM is the best hockey supply store (or chain of stores) in the Valley. I prefer to come here (the Scottsdale location) for all of my hockey needs because they have everything under the sun when it comes to hockey! I love their selection of new and used pro stock sticks. This is probably the best part of the store, in my opinion. The fact that they have both new and used pro stocks (not just sticks, other equipment too) gives people the option to buy top-of-the-line products at modified prices. Granted, the sticks don't come with a warranty, but I rarely break them anyhow so it is very worth it. They also have pretty good sales every once in a while. But, their prices are already extremely reasonable and competitive so I can't complain, and no one else should! Their sharpenings are quite reasonable too, at $4 (or somewhere close to that) for FBV on skates purchased from BTM. An all around great store with great prices!
5	I know nothing about hockey! But these guys really do, while I was waiting in line to pay they helped several other customers, they knew the correct kit and color for each school! Safe to say very impressive and they helped me pick out my brother's Hockey stick too :) I love great service and this place certainly has that.
5	Bought 5 pro-stock Turco goalie sticks at half price!  What a deal!
