5	After church on Sunday, my wife brought me to Zamora's, saying that she really liked it. After I left, I was also a huge fan.The chips and salsa are some of the best I've ever had. The salsa had a decent amount of heat, but not too much. The chips were also done to perfection. We both had tacos, containing really great shredded beef. The tostadas and enchiladas are pretty tasty, as well.They have lunch specials 7 days a week, and I believe I saw dinner specials as well.Talking to one of the employees on the way out, it sounds like their business has dropped off because of all the business closures in that area. Folks, do not let this place go away...it is a hidden treasure.
5	I am giving this place a 5 star for food and a 3 star for location.  Located in the heart of downtown/old town Avondale.  This little place which is actually much bigger on the inside is a little bit of heaven.  Talk about Mexican comfort food. They have all the usual fair plus a few good soups.  You start with the Chips and Salsa.  The Salsa was homemade and oh so delicious.  I had the BBQ Plate which was an explosion of flavor.  I can't even tell how good this was. It came with seasoned beef, rice,beans, guacamole, and tortillas. My mouth waters thinking about when I will be able to get this dish again.  My wife had the Machaca Burro which was also very delicious.  Soda's are served in huge cups.  This place is good.  It looks a little bit run down on the outside but on the inside its nice and clean.  Even though this is defiantly a spot where local regulars come do not be intimidated to walk in as they are very welcoming and after one visit you will want to be a regular.If your looking for GOOD homemade Mexican food try Cafe Zamora.  Come here for lunch and give it a chance. The price is just right too.
1	Save yourself and try somewhere else. The taco and relleno plate was just horrible. A mush of egg and bad cheese. Taco was dripping oil.  My sister's huevos rancheros weren't much better.  Bland tomato sauce.  There is better food out there.
5	This place is great compared to other mexican restaurants nearby. The portions are fairly large and have a home cooked flare loaded with flavor. This not a commercial mexican restaurant which i love. In other words, all the food is prepared, not processed. I immediately noticed the rice and beans were cooked the good ol' fashioned way. The chips and salsa you get while waiting are another nice touch. Their salsa is honestly the best salsa i had the pleasure of waiting with while my food was being prepared. As for the menu items, I prefer the steak (ribeye) & eggs for breakfast....very savory, very juicy! This is a mom and pop style place so if interior decorations are a must have, then cafe zamora is not your spot. 5 stars for food, friendly service, and approproate atmosphere.
1	I don't know if this place has gone downhill since the last reviews or if the people involved are used to lack luster "authentic" Mexican food. Party of two last night, just me and the wife yet it took the staff at least 10 minutes to set our table with menus and ask us about our drink of choice. (- 1 star) I ordered a #12 (Red chili burro, taco, R & B) and my wife ordered the Carne Asada plate. The food prep took 40 minutes to get to our table (-1 star), and the only exciting thing was watching the tables next to us get food in 15 minute intervals and by the time one table is finished eating the next received their food. My red chili burro had tough meat and the sauce was clearly out of a can and the wifes Carne Asade was far from par it was a tough double bogey. (-1 star) The place was packed so I gave them some slack but when the waitress says they are out of ice while another is putting ice in a pitcher that's where I draw the line. Horrible service from the majority of servers, with only one working hard (-1 star). Nothing like waiting 10 minutes for a refill or more chips, and the whole dinner for two was nearly 1.5 hours long for a hole in the wall cafe. I normally gives places a second shot, but it's a slap in the face to a real good authentic place in other parts of the valley I.E. Pedro's in Glendale, or Rita's off 43rd ave and the I-10. I will not be back :(
4	My family took us here while we were visiting as they know my husband's love affair with Mexican dives.  They definitely scored on this one.  I even liked it!  Their burros (basically wet burritos) were huge.  The guacamole was fresh and delicous.  The salsa was a little too watery - but we fixed that with the addition of the pico de gallo our server brought out for us.  Their special spicy salsa is delicous too!  Everything was very good and definitely family-style.  Service was a little slow, but it wasn't bad considering we had great company to enjoy.I'd definitely recommend it if you're craving some authentic Mexican home-made-style food and you're in the area!
1	After reading the fairly positive reviews we decided to give Cafe Zamora a try. What a mistake that was as it was some of the worst mexican food we've eaten. I ordered the Chicken Fajitas and the chicken was so dry and looked like a dry sponge. I complained to my wife and she thought I was being picky and tried a piece and had to spit it out.It appeared as if the chicken was precooked and sat in a tub in a cooler  for a month. When they served it they drowned it in a liquid (the liquid covered my entire plate even over the beans and rice) and heated it in a microwave. The chicken was flavorless and the consistency of a dry sponge. I could not tell if the beans and rice were any good due to them being covered in the liquid from the fajitas. When they sat the plate in front of me it looked more like a bowl of soup than a meal of fajitas, beans and rice.The only good thing was the salsa which had a great flavor and was served cold.We'll never go back.
5	Delicious!!!!  Every single time!!!!
4	This is an excellent hole-in-the-wall type mexican place. The food is great and the service is wonderful. Check it out if you like real mexican food and good salsa.
4	Amazing.
5	One of my favorite places to come. Their salsa and guacamole is to die for. I like that they bring each person their own individual bowl of salsa. I ways get their huevos rancheros with beans and rice + homemade flour tortilla. Delicious!!!I eat the entire plate every time.
1	This was the poorest excuse for Mexican food that I have ever had.  In this area, there are many family run places that are authentic.  Not only did we not finish our meals, we didn't even bring them home.  I had the combo plate with a chili relleno and tamale.  The "relleno" was a large omelet with 2-2" pieces of plain poblano tucked inside then covered with way too much cheese (I guess so that you couldn't tell that it was an omelet?).  The tamale was an extremely thick coating of masa with very dry meat.  I had to use the salsa to moisten it.  My husband's chimichanga was the same overly dry meat.  The guacomale is not homemade, but the type you can purchase in quantity at Sam's or Costco.  It was a thick, ultra creamy blob.  It's too bad that in Old Town Avondale where one should find really good Mexican food, you are getting this stuff.
4	My husband and I decided to try this place for our night out without the fam. And he always tries the bean and cheese burrito, if a mexican restaurant can't make great beans then its not worth eating there again, he loved them I had a cheese enchilada with a taco very delicious. We will definitely go again.
5	This is the real deal...  Cafe Zamora is a hole in the wall dive in "Downtown Avondale".  Back when Bill France Jr. was alive (Bill ran NASCAR "back in the day" of Dale Sr.), anyway, Mr. France would have the Chef, Mr. Zamora go the the track (PIR) and cook for him...     Now that's cool in my book!I like to order in Spanish...   it's funny because usually my white friends get a kick out of the whole experience.
5	Another truly excellent Mexican restaurant. So many great choices on the menu the worst thing about eating here is deciding what to order.
4	A great little Mexican  restaurant hidden in old Avondale. There food is good and there chips are fresh. A very casual place to eat. The service is always quick. They have big tables for large groups and just a good place to share a meal with a group of family or friends
4	Excellent green chili with meat chunks.  Tortilla chips are light and fresh.  Appears to be operated by a family who care about your experience.  Classic neighborhood Mexican cafe.
4	I have been to Zamora's over 20 times. This place has salsa and warm chips to die for, and an endless supply of it at no extra cost. They don't make you feel guilty for loving their salsa! . A "dive" atmosphere - - but who cares? I recommend the Breakfast Chili Rellenos for breakfast , which is the best Mexican breakfast I have ever had in my 32 years in Az. Excellent food Zamora's - keep it up!(just please remember to smile at us gringos) There is one particular waitress there that has a perpetual frown on her face
5	Excellent food!  The owners of this little Mexican restaurant are very pleasant! They make you feel welcomed! Food is excellent! Great enchilada sauce, you can tell that it doesn't come from a can!
3	This place is not very posh, but the food is pretty good. The chips and salsa are great. The service is quick and friendly.My only complaint is this: Steak Fajita Burrito. How do you not know what this is? Every time, I have to explain what is in it. Shame.
1	This restaurant isn't what I expected. I read the most recent reviews on Yelp before going so I thought "yay, some good food." It wasn't good at all. I ordered the chicken enchiladas. The chicken was dry, the sauce most likely came out of a cheap can, the rice was tasteless and dry, the cheese on the beans was questionable. Overall the only thing I did enjoy was their lemonade. I could've made my entire meal in my kitchen and it would've came  out a whole lot better.
4	We love this place. Like homemade Mexican.  Rice is fluffy and fresh, enchiladas are great. My wife loves the green chili plate. This place never disappoints. .
5	Consistently fantastic Mexican food. I want to try something new, but the carnitas is so damn good.
3	I've been here a couple of time and it's an ok place. The Mexican food is ok, I usually get the burros but if you want rice and beans and other ingredients inside its a 50 cent charge per item... Really?  The chips and salsa are good. I've also tried some of their ceviche tostadas and these are not fish these are shrimp ceviche, not the best I've tasted by far. Overall, I'd expect better from a hole in the wall but this place is just ok.
4	Your classic Mexican restaurant where decor and atmosphere are non existent and the food does the talking.
5	Been going to Cafe Zamora's for years, grew up in the neighborhood and everyone knows this is the place to get that closest to your mama's homemade Mexican cooking!  I've read other reviews and you do not go to Cafe Zamora's for the chicken dishes, you go to Cafe Zamora's for the beef dishes--enchiladas--shredded beef chimichangas--and my ultra favorite--the RED CHILI BEEF BURRITO ENICHILALAS STYLE!  Love this place and will continue to love it.
1	Awful. Not sure if it was an off night or what but it was seriously the worst Mexican food I've had. A group of four of us came in hoping to experience all the amazing food everyone else has raved about, however out of four of us one was satisfied and only mildly so- and he got a quesadilla which is pretty tough to make poorly. The rest of us order beef tacos, carnitas burrito and some sort of shrimp dish- which was in a puddle of butter and oil surrounded by over cooked beans and dry rice. Beef tacos had to be reorder since the first batch had a long dark hair in it. When a hairless plate of tacos was brought they were bland, little seasoning (the waitress laughed and apologized but didn't offer a discount or something for the violation of health codes). The carnitas burrito was a flour tortilla which tasted like one bought at frys filled with fried shredded pork with no seasoning besides oil. There was nothing else in the burrito besides the oily fried pork, which we had to drench in the table salsa to make it somewhat edible. Went home feeling quite gross after eating some of the burrito, like the feeling you have after eating a massive McDonald's meal.Will not be be coming back which is really sad since All the other reviews make this place sound like a gem, also as a new person living in avondale I was hoping to find awesome locally owned restaurants, this isn't one of them.
5	I have been coming here for lunch weekly, some weeks multiple times, for almost 6 years...there is a reason!  This place ruined all other Mexican food for me because now I compare everything to Cafe Zamora.  The carnitas is fabulous, the green chili is excellent, and if you really want a spicy treat get the Shrimp ala diablo!
1	I have written a bad review of this poor excuse for a Mexican restaurant before.  I went again today with friends who wanted to go.  I had  the #1 lunch special.  It came with a tostado and an enchilada.  I ate the tostado which had no taste.  It had a VERY thin smear of refried beans, a good inch of lettuce, and less than a teaspoon of grated cheese.  I tasted the rice and left it.  The enchilada was disgusting.  It had even less cheese inside than the tostada had beans.  I have literally been popping Tums since I got home.  While we were sitting there, some kind of huge black bug fell on one of the ladies.  I am not sure how we even stayed at that point.  About ten minutes later, a lady at a table near us got up to kill a big bug under a nearby table with her shoe.  ugh ugh ugh   At noon there were only 3 tables with guests.  What does this tell  you????This was my third try and my last.  I was hoping I would see what the few people that posted good was actually true.  It is just nasty there.
5	Some of the best Carnitas I've had! & a big thing for me and Mexican food is the rice and beans and there's were on point.
4	They have some of the best beans that I've tasted. The lemonade reminds me of being in Mexico and having it freshly squeezed. Their chimichanga Burrito is my favorite....
5	Was introduced to this place by my boyfriend who had frequented this marvelous place in the past. SO happy to have found a solid mexican restaurant. It's tucked away and doesn't look like much on the outside but the service is always so friendly and they always go above and beyond, plus it just feels like home. Tip: Ask for a side of enchilada sauce with your meal then proceed to drizzle that on everything, amazing stuff, I seriously wish I had the recipe!
