5	Basically: The best chicken I have ever had. This could be in the running for the best restaurant ive ever eaten at taking into account the quality of the food and flavours. A must-try, it will easily become one of your regular places to get good, seemingly home-made food. The grilled squid appetizer was delicious and fresh. The chicken was perfectly grilled and seasoned. If you like spicy, ask for their spicy oil when you're chicken comes. If you're having desert, have the natas - classic portuguese pastry thats is also grilled and seasoned with cinnamon. to die for.The good: I normally wouldnt order chicken in a restaurant because chicken is chicken and its usually nothing special...until i ate at Braseiro. Everything we had was nothing short of perfect on all accounts and even more so impressive because it was a Sunday.Our bill was 60 dollars without tip. We had:1 appetizer (grilled squid) (10$)2 main chicken plates (1/4 chicken + fries + green salad)  (10-12$ depending on leg or breast)1 order of natas (2) (5$)1 mint tea (3$)half a pitcher of sangria. (14$)The bad: alcohol is pretty pricey but still not the most expensive I've had. The place is TINY and we hardly got a table on a Sunday night it was sooo busy. Make reservations.
4	It was the first time I had Portuguese food so have nothing to compare it to, but the chicken was delicious. I liked the little kick of spice it had and was not overpowering. Tip would be finish the food while you're there because the chicken becomes dry when reheated. I will definitely come back again.
4	My #2 favorite Portuguese spots.Seems the smaller the restaurant is the better it is taste wise. Been going to this place for about  years. Not a single complaint! The chicken is charred to perfection. Ive ordered the bifana sandwich ( pork cutlet) the chicken sandwich, and the whole chicken. Yummy goodness. I almost died and went to heaven... The only reason why I'm not giving it 5 starts its because, last time i went i ordered a whole chicken and asked for spicy, it ended up not being spicy at all :(This place is so small, and every time i go its packed, therefore I take my order to go. The servers are really nice and friendly.
5	I was amazed at how succulent the chicken tasted. The portions were generous , the service...great! I would definitely recommend Braseiro to my friends and family, and look forward to going back!
5	Hands down the best Portuguese restaurant I've ever tried. It's true that the restaurant itself is small, but the service is good, the menu is big, and the food? The food more than makes up for the size of the establishment. It's just amazing.My favourite thing to have here is the pork, which is moist and has a really unique flavour. But everything I've tried has been a hit, always fresh and cooked fantastically. Their chicken is amazing too, just the right flavour and charred perfectly. If you want to try something different, though, I highly recommend the Bitoque (Portuguese steak), which was really delicious - and came with an egg on top.All in all, I highly recommend Braseiro if you're in the mood for some delicious Portuguese food!
4	Simple decor, friendly service and great simple food. With a Portuguese style, Braseiro serves up deliciously grilled meats and seafood in paprika red oils. I tried the whole sardines and calamari (not fried! yum). Both were bursting with flavor and the integrity and moisture of the seafood was perfectly encapsulated by their preparations.
