4	I really do like Belk. I feel like they have a nice selection of men's clothes and the sales people do not bother you excessively. I had a gift card to use from Christmas and went in with intentions of finding some deals. Deals I found! I bought a couple polo shirts and some workout gear that was on sale! Those that know me know I am not a shopper (typical guy) but the vibe was nice because I was in there at 2pm on a Tuesday and the store was relatively empty - made for a stress free, browse at my leisure, kind of shopping experience. I tend to stay away from malls on the weekends. the Great - nice clothes selection, good sales the Good - helpful sales people that are around if needed nothing bad here...
2	I visited Belk this past weekend and was not pleased with my experience. First of all I wanted to buy my mother some makeup for her birthday from the Estee Lauder counter. Both of the saleswomen were busy, so I waited a while and then swung by again. One of the women finally spoke to me, but didn't seem to understand my question (pretty simple- if I purchased the wrong shade, could my mother exchange it later for the right shade). She told me, "find out the color and come back". Next I stopped by the shoe department. They were having a good sale and were quite busy. One thing really put me off- there were no boxes of "footie" hose to be found anywhere! Sorry, but I don't want to buy a pair of shoes (even at a discount) if I don't feel comfortable trying them on. Footies are offered both for hygienic reasons and also so you can tell if shoes will fit properly when you're wearing hose- IMO they are not an "optional" offering for a shoe department! Also, salespeople were in really short supply considering they were having this big sale- nobody ever offered to help us at all! After that I went to the fine jewelry counter, looking for a graduation gift for my future-SIL. I was well pleased with the selection and the prices, but even though I told the saleswoman that I was buying a gift, she rang the earrings/necklace up so that I didn't get a gift receipt. When I reminded her, she told me it was "too late" and that if I wanted to wait, she could have a manager come over, void the sale, and re-ring it so that I could have a gift receipt. I opted to wait, the manager came to void the sale, and she started ringing it up again. Unfortunately, she did it wrong AGAIN and I was still left with a normal receipt with the prices on it, NOT a gift receipt. She told me I could either wait for a manager again, or I could use "liquid paper" to white out the prices on my regular receipt. Her excuse was that she "didn't do a lot of gift receipts in fine jewelry"- so what?! I went back by the Estee Lauder counter and again the saleswoman was not helpful so I burned a few minutes trying on blue jeans. I found a pair I wanted to buy, but unfortunately they had been put on a 30% off shelf when they weren't actually on sale so I skipped that too. Finally I met up with my mom and we visited the Estee Lauder counter together. Surprise, surprise- the saleswomen not only had time for her, but offered her mini "samples" of two different colors of her foundation, and the promise that if she pre-ordered one color and decided she liked the other color better, she could swap it when she came in to pick it up. I'm not impressed with this Belk at all but apparently you will like it more if you appear to be a well-to-do woman in your 50's rather than a woman in your 20's with a kid in tow. Boooo.
3	I went in yesterday looking for some luggage...What used to be pretty recognizable brands such as Samosonite, wasn't really anywhere to be found.  While this location boasts an expansive "home / housewares" section, make-up & fragrance, it's just really a lot of merchandise packed in any space they can put it.  Upon looking at the luggage, which was totally a mess, I didn't see anything that caught my eye.  Not to mention, it was a "ghost town." I didn't see any other customers or associates...& this was around 12 PM. Needless to say, I walked out of the department (& the store) empty-handed.The good thing about  Belk is they ALWAYS have sales & ALWAYS have clearance areas.  Back in the day, you wouldn't catch me shopping for clothes, shoes or accessories anywhere but at Belk. Clearly, my tastes & budget has changed, so unfortunately, I don't shop at a Belk hardly ever these days.
4	I like to shop at Belk when I need to do some walking.  When this happens, I am more apt to locate special finds that I was not looking for.  This is the only way for me to shop at Belk.  If I am looking for something specific, I won't find it.  I shop primarily on weekday nights because there is no crowding.  In addition, the clothing are on the hooks rather than piled up in the dressing rooms.  Shop at your leisure to find the best bargains that you can't live without!
4	I've been shopping at Belk's since I was just out of diapers.They are my  'go to' place to shop when I'm in my hometown of CLT.Section, price and quality.You get an additional 15% off when you use your Belk's charge card.Their Black Friday sales are second to none.I was very disappointed when they dropped the Tommy Hillfiger line.The on-line shopping could use an upgrade.
1	I try not to write negative reviews but this has to be written. Me and my girlfriend stopped by the shoe dept as she wanted to look at shoes. She was very excited to find a pair she liked. Well I wouldn't say the dept was crazy with people. There were customer asking for help.The issue was the help. We waited 15 mins for someone to help. They seem more consumed putting shoes back in the store room then helping customers needing help. I only saw one gentleman helping customers. She finally got help but the shoe didn't fit. So she found another pair and the wait started again. She approached a lady who was not doing anything at the time and she told my girlfriend she couldn't help because the gentleman helped us earlier. Well he was busy with 2 other customers. I understand what she was saying but not to help nand cause her to wait another 20 mins was crazy. My girlfriend decided the shoes were not worh the hassle. I like Belks but they need some help in that dept. I know when it comes to shoes we will probably goes somewhere else.
4	I m a new fan of Belk !  Great Bargain!  blazers, sweaters and shoes.  My new favorite store. If u have the time the clearance items are great bargains.
4	Though Northlake Mall is nowhere near me - and for that matter not particularly near much of anyone - if you are a male in need of formal wear, this is the place to visit. Out of all the Belk locations in the area (and there are a few of them), they have by far the best selection.You might think it odd, right? South Park seems like they would have a decent selection - but for whatever reason, theirs isn't very good. Monroe? Not good. Concord? Pineville? Not that great either.But Northlake, for whatever reason, not only has excellent staff, they have an amazing selection - even for us big-bodied types. To make matters better, they offer some pretty amazing sales if you take the time to look for them (though those you can get at almost any location).
3	A step up from Target, Belk has some decent products at somewhat reasonable prices.  All of Belk's product lines are from the mass produced designers and brands.  Almost all of these products are overpriced...so Belk has a sale going at all times.  If the shirt you want isn't on sale...come back next week.This location is one of the better Belks.  The service is always helpful and attentive.  I also tend to find things in my size.  Tall sizes are hard to come by...but Belk does a decent job.
1	I received a Belk watch for Christmas.  I took it in to have some links taken out.  The section was not busy.  I looked around and stood there while the "sales" lady did this that and the other including walking around me, behind me and plainly acted as though I was invisible.  This went on for about 10 +minutes.  When another pair walked up, she suddenly was all helpful ...to them!  I did say "Excuse me I've been waiting here for..."  She pretended that she hadn't seen me and made an under breath comment.  I said "I'll see if I can get a manger to help".  I went to the jewelry counter and the lady called the manager.  The manager came up to me and I explained what had happened.  All I wanted was to get my watch fixed and be treated like every other customer, instead the tall, thin, short-haired manager told me they were busy, I needed to go back to the same rude "sales" associate and that she had another customer she needed to get to.  So not only was I invisible to the sales clerk, I was essentially told that another customer was more important and deserving of service than me.  At this point,   I was walking back to my car in tears because I have never been treated so rudely and made to feel like I didn't count as much as anyone else in the store.  I had decided to just mail the watch back to my mom and let her return it.  But I shouldn't have to mail it back, so I turned around and went back in.  I did ask for another manager and she was very apologetic, attentative and was willing to get my watch fitted.  However, at this point I just wanted to do a return and leave...never to return!  I was also going to buy boots after getting my watch fitted.  Not only did they lose a sale, they had to do a return ( no exchange), and I will never shop at Belk again.  I have been a Belk shopper for over 15 years.
5	This is the best department store ever the only thing they are missing is a large electronics section. They have wonderful brands , great customer service, a clean store and did I say great deals on the wounderful brands they provide !!
3	First time in Belks and a nice experience. Wish they had more staff on hand to pay for things. I put several things down since I could find no one except a man yelling into his ear piece at another worker, so I left. hint hnt
4	I grew up with Belk's and my family has been loyal patrons for over 60 years.They have always set a high mark for service and quality and they continue to live up to it to this day.While they run sales every week, every now and again, they will run a sale on men's clothing and in my case, particulary slacks and pants.  Today was buy one and get two free.  Stocked up on IZOD's and a couple other brands with great pricing.  In all, I ended up with 9 pairs of high qualtiy or a hard to fit size for a great price.Our sales associate was great and very helpful in finding what we needed.At the same time, my wife wanted new pajama's and they were having a 30% off sales on those plus she had a coupon which even though the pajama's were sale items, they honored as well.Belk's advertize themselves as Modern Southern and they are definately that.
2	I'm not going to give a 1 star review just because of one employee but, 2 stars is pushing it.  I just wasted close to an hour of my life.  All I wanted was a black Oxford shirt.  This lady had no clue what one was and just kept guessing.  Wild goose chase, I should have walked away from a lot sooner.  Its OK to have no idea what something is, but ask someone.  Or google it, or just quit being a weirdo.  What a waste of time.  Will go to Macy's or Dillard's first next time.
1	Belk Online: Not Ready For Prime TimeI don't live anywhere near a Belk store, so when I found a good-looking shirt on their site online, I ordered it. Aside from three different spellings of the color Aubergine, my first internet order for a shirt from Belk was an unrelenting marketing disaster.I called the online ordering Customer Service line to determine the fiber content of a shirt labeled: "Polyester, Cotton" I need to know which is the primary fiber, Usually the first word indicates that the fabric is mostly made of that fiber. I need to have it mostly cotton. So I called and was told that "I don't know the percentage of each fiber, but I assume that it's all cotton with just polyester thread."This is a lunatic comment. It could not be true and the person should have simply said, "I don't know."Digging around looking for other shirts made by the same manufacturer told me that it was 65% Cotton and 35% Poly. an acceptable blend. I ordered the shirt in a Large/Tall.What arrived was a pup tent sized 2x (three sizes too large) and after calling Customer Service again, they said they would send me a replacement in the correct size.Ten days later a shirt arrived and AGAIN it was 3 sizes too large.This is like playing tennis with the Mad Hatter in Alice's Wonderland!A third shirt is supposedly on its way but I have no confidence anymore and am buying another shirt from another retailer that I know can fulfill and order correctly.The folks at Belk seem to have a marketing death wish. Their internet e-commerce marketing is literally a disaster.-GG
