3	Not sure how long this location has been open. It was pretty good. I gave it three stars because they got my son's sandwich wrong. Twice. And they didn't apologize. Didn't offer to take it off the bill or offer him a comp cookie or chips. Not cool. My sandwich was good- I got the JJBLT but added sprouts and cucumber and made it an "unwich" which is no bread. It is wrapped in lettuce. I enjoyed it. My husband enjoyed his sandwich too. He got a #9 with hot peppers. We liked the music in the store. They were using Pandora.  It was a little loud. We also liked the signs on the wall.  We would try it again.
2	Not impressed, loud atmosphere, bland overpriced sandwiches. 10 employees behind the counter and no clean tables. How many people does it take to make a sandwich? More like the employees are just here to hang out with each other than work.
3	I was excited to see a sub place that delivered in the area.  We now have another option rather than pizza or chinese food.  And they deliver until 10pm!  They can be fast on delivery, if they know where they are going.   I have waited up to almost an hour before, and we are literally kiddy-corner from the store.  The sandwiches are good and filling but I don't get the hype.  The tuna salad is ok, a little it on the onion-y side.  They don't have but 2 bread options - an 8" white roll or regular thick cut multi-grain bread.  We do order from here about once a week solely based on the convenience of delivery.  Worth a try.
2	Decent subs, but the ordering system is annoying and the staff is really clueless. This place needs a grown up in the worse way. Some thoughts: quit hiding the napkins behind the counter. Label the subs for take out. Put subs in a bag. Take customers name upon order to avoid confusion. Open the line on the left side of the restaurant first instead of bottlenecking customers into the restroom hall. Finally, TURN DOWN THE MUSIC A NOTCH!
4	I heard a LOT about this place before I tried it, so I was expecting it to be amazing. The sandwiches are good, but nothing special, so not sure what the hype is about. That being said, my favorite thing is that I have stopped in a couple of nights on my way home from school right when they are about to close, and the staff has been very friendly and never rushes me or seems annoyed that I came in so late like a lot of other places. So that gains them an extra star from me!
4	staff friendly,  overall very clean restaurant, food was fast and great tasting.......Manager  Justin  very upbeat , people person... we will be back !! Thanks
2	Great sandwiches but the service is the worst I've seen out of all of their locations. The staff seems more concerned about hanging out than giving customer service. I have no problem with loud music, except when it's over lunch. TURN IT DOWN!!!
1	***********Corporate should........ CLOSE THIS LOCATION********(-) Loud music(-) Employees act like their in a schoolyard(-) This location DOESN'T OFFER all sandwich ingredients such as bean sprouts(-) Want extra vinaigrette on the side ........ they don't have the small plastic cups ++++++++Stay away ........... or else ....... enjoy the bad experience++++++++ I sent an email to Corporate.***********Corporate Could Care Less ........ They never Responded
2	This review is for the location at 32nd Bell Rd. located by the Starbucks and UPS shipping store. There location is hidden. The restaurant was nice and clean, Staff was polite decided to order number 7, had to pay for extra cheese. Why? Doesn't that come already with a sandwich? Overall I would choose Jersey Mikes any day of the week.
2	I love Jimmy John's and I respect that they have teens running the store. But sometimes that makes the service worse. I travel and pick up sandwhichs on the way to the airport. So I will try again and hope to give a higher score
1	No stars for this place I had to select one. Make sure you bring your own sweetener and salt as they do not provide condiments of any kind. Tables are filthy, air  conditioning set around 50 degrees and their bread is hard, intentionally.
2	This is my 2nd time to this location. The 1st time was yesterday and dined in and thought the flavor was good and better than the other sandwich chains. So today I came back to pick up 3 sandwiches for my family. Service was very slow but at least the cashier apologized for my wait. When they called my order I asked for a bag and another employee said " they are right there pointing to the bags on the other side of the counter. The manager was standing right there so I said to him " Oh, you have to bag your own" and he replied "Yeah". Now I don't mind bagging my own order but don't be rude and expect your customers to know especially when the bags and napkins are on the other side of the counter. Food is good,  value is fair and customer service is below par.
2	I didn't really enjoy it, actually. It was my first time and they were basically giving me that look like why did I even show up if I didn't know what I was doing. Um, isn't that why you go to new restaurants? He did explain to me what they had and things of that nature but it just was very uncomfortable. The sandwich wasn't as I expected.
3	Ordered delivery from this location after travelling and not eating. Normally JJ is very fast delivery wise, and it took them about 35 minutes to deliver which is not typical but still not too bad. The driver was nice and we got our food. It was decent, but nowhere near as good as some of the other locations I have eaten at. Still a good quick food option!
1	I tried the delivery service for the first time. I have never been inside this JJ location, but it's closest to my home so I ordered. My boyfriend made the order, which included a conversation about onions with Alyssa (I believe) that went something like this:BF: (thinking he's just being funny & she'll understand) Can you make the Country Club extra country? And by extra country, I mean add onions? Haha.Alyssa: So...you want extra onion?BF: Oh...does it already come with onion on it?Alyssa: No.BF: Ok...well then put onion.Alyssa: Extra onion?BF: It doesn't come with onion already?Alyssa: No.BF: Ok...then just add onion...regular...not extra.The $20 delivery of 2 sandwiches, one bag of chips, one cookie, and one drink arrived very promptly. Alyssa was the one who delivered it. BF joked & asked if the sandwich was extra country. She said she didn't know...she didn't make it.We start eating. I take about 2-3 bites and realize I haven't tasted any onion. I open my sandwich...absolutely no onion. Good thing they had that big convo about it, huh?I considered calling back to get it fixed but all the employees at Jimmy Johns stores seem to be high school kids that I have absolutely no doubt would spit in my food for complaining, especially 15 minutes prior to closing. I decided to give "Feedback" on the Jimmy Johns website instead. Using my smart phone, I wrote a small description, filled out my address, phone number, etc, etc... and finally hit "Submit". I got a message back that said "Bummer...could not submit. Error 404" or some crap. Bummer? Really??? This PLACE is a bummer. And the fact that I will not be eating there anymore...that's a bummer for them. And my sharing a crappy experience here on Yelp...yep...another bummer for them!
1	The teenagers working here are not capable of handling any complaints. I asked for no onions on an Italian club and instead they put no sauce. I brought it back and all they said is we can pick off the onions for you.. No I don't want you digging through my sandwich with your hands. Just make me a new sandwich how I ordered it. Can't believe how bad their customer service is, the lady behind me ordered a club lulu and they gave her a club tuna and said that's what she ordered. The kids working here need to develop customer service skills or they need a manager here that actually cares about guest concerns. Neither of us got comped anything not even a soda. Instead all we got are eye rolls for something that was their fault. Maybe if they turned down their horrible music they could hear the orders correctly.
4	Why all the bad reviews? They're fast at making sandwiches and I have never had an issue or a problem. It's a fast food chain. Yes, they yell when you walk in the door. It's called "greeting the customer enthusiastically".  Would you rather they didn't acknowledge you at all and avoid any sort of eye contact, seemingly intent on rushing you through the already expeditious ordering process? Lighten up.
1	Overall I like JJ's sandwiches.   Tonight I was doing a job at nearby COCOs and wanted to eat while listening to president spew his diatribe. I called JJ and ordered a sandwich for pickup. When the girl asked "Cash or Credit Card" I replied "Cash" and she promptly hung up on me without saying "good bye" or anything else. When I got there they were so messed up that they had to re-enter the order to avoid delivery charges and I still had to wait while the girl made the sandwich. She placed it on the counter while I was getting my drink and I had to reach over the counter into the employee area just to get my own napkins. This place DOES need some "grown-up" supervision.
4	My boyfriend and I justoved in down the street and don't have much food in our fridge. We decided to offer some Jimmy John's. They've change their online ordering. But still easy to use. The delivery want as fast as I was expecting from previous experiences. It took nearly 30 minutes. Thats not exactly freaky fast in my book. Thats just a regular delivery time. As far as the food good, it was good. I got the beach club and added bacon, which I won't do again. The bacon was way too salty for my liking.
1	I signed up for Yelp today just to write about this location.  I have been there twice for lunch.  The music over the tiny space where orders are softly announced is far too loud.  On my 1st visit there were too many people milling around in the kitchen and too many customers huddled up waiting for their orders.  Service was glacial.You cannot find a napkin or straw in the dining area.  Even if you buy a sandwich and a drink "for here", you would have to initiate the request for a napkin and straw. None were provided on either occasion as if most people never use them. Doesn't take a genius to leave them out on the counter or on the tables. Easy fix, is anyone listening?I wrote feedback on the corporate website after the 1st visit but encountered a technical error where the message would not transmit.  After the 2nd disappointing visit, I tried the website again and was eventually able to transmit feedback. Have never received any response.Why did I give them a 2nd chance?  The sandwiches are actually decent. What a shame  I won't be back.
1	Sandwiches are bland, the bread is like wonder loaf. The service was just awful five guys yelling at each other. Just don't understand the hype.
4	Overall must say it is good  for fast food-sandwich shop and extremely fast delivery at a price that I can handle. you can't go wrong, who else is going to bring you a spicy Italian cold cut 15 minutes after you get off the phone ordering it
3	The sandwich overall was not terrible. The bread on the other  hand was doughy and really flavorless. With the sandwich options out there, I think I'll continue going elsewhere.
5	Stopped in for a late lunch today, sandwich was great (I had the beach club with sprouts), restaurant was clean and service was quick and friendly. I noticed that he young man who seemed to be the manager or shift leader was very involved with the guests as well as his employees. Overall great experience.
1	I can't believe this place. I have starving children at home, they take my entire order and at the end, they tell me that the 3.4 miles to my house is on the wrong side of the street and can't deliver to them. I offered $10 tip and then a $20 dollar tip and they still refused! Said he manager wouldn't allow it. Well, there's major storm of the century outside right now we're left without very many options. Thanks Jimmy. You suck.
2	I absolutely love the food here. It's one of my favorite sub restaurants. However, the delivery service is terrible. I always order when I'm at work, which is in the PV Mall. It regularly takes a half an hour for food to be delivered, with my max wait time having broken an hour once or twice. There's nothing freaky fast about the delivery service at all.
5	I love there sandwiches and the workers are awesome.  I always call in my orders,  they know me by name and what I usually order.  I go there at least 2 times a week and am never disappointed.
1	Not a huge fan of the "Merry X-Mas" on the wrapping paper.  Not everyone celebrates Christmas and by doing that, you alienate a part of your clientele.
