5	Great place to go for a cheap lunch if your in the area. Steves is a great local dive for burgers and dogs. They are a great alternative to hospital food if you work at or are are visiting someone at Allegheny General Hospital. They offer burgers, hot dogs, grilled cheese, chicken and ham sandwiches, ,BLTs, kielbasa, fish sandwiches and fries. Burgers start at $1.00 and hot dogs start at 93 cents. You can add chili, sauerkraut, cheese and jalapenos to their hot dogs. There is a small counter to eat at but most people get their food to go. The food is great and the prices are even better. CASH ONLY!
4	The owners are great and have been serving me hot dogs since I was in middle school.  They do hot dogs right. At Steve's New York Hotdog what you ask for is what you get. I would be devastated if they ever closed down shop, but from the looks of Steve's is doing just fine.During the lunch rush the line could easily stretch out the door.Regularly I get the double dog platter. Which is two hotdogs an order of fries and a drink.  Any topping you want is already included in the price of the hot dogs.  They have onions, chili. cheese, pickles and the list continues.  The hamburgers here are thin and of the frozen variety and lack any seasoning on the meat. The fries are always fried to order.  Steve's also serves breakfast. I think I'll go have lunch there today.The location of this hotdog ship is situated on an area of Federal that is a tad questionable. But new developments on the street are making the area more inhabitable.  The interior of the restaurant is shappy and dated but there are stools where you can eat at the counter, but less than 15, so if you eat here it's more of a to go place.
5	Awesome spot to grab a dog for a buck. Nothing fancy, must standard ingredients and friendly service.
4	Best place in the city to get a dog
5	Classic North Side staple.  The food is made to order, the service is fast, and the staff is great.  My stand order is hot dog with onions and a side of fries.  But the grilled cheese is also exceptional.  The lunch line can be unreal, so I usually just stop for dinner on my way home from work.CASH ONLY.
5	Unfortunately, Steve's is closed. No indication of it moving anywhere, it's just gone. So sad. Thought they were the best in pgh for the price.
