2	I'm not usually one to pay double to have my oil done in fifteen minutes, but a couple times, like before a road trip i would have no choice.one time everything was just fine, everyone was pleasant. but i hate the nonsense of them pulling you out to your car, lifting your hood and giving the rehearsed, ten times a day spiel about needing a new air filter, windshield wipers, windshield fluid..blah blah blah. one time in the spiel i totally thought the guy said that my "cabin pressure" was off. when i interrupted to ask "did you just say cabin pressure?" he was so taken off guard that i was listening to everyone word, he didn't know what to say.anyway, not a fan of this location
1	Did anyone else see the expose they did on Jiffy Lube on the local California news channel? Someone sent me the vid on YouTube, I think, so if you want to hear about why never to go here, check it out. The crux of it is they scam a large percentage of their customers. Now I'm sure that there was a big crackdown after the viral effect of that news story, but I am hard pressed to believe that it doesn't happen at all anymore. Changing filters, running specialized machines, etc. are hard to track the concrete effects of and whether they actually did or not. Seriously, I would only go here and purchase something beyond a simple oil change if I personally knew the employee. Otherwise, prepare to get way overcharged for work that they said they did but probably didn't. It's a crazy mixed up world out there, kids.
2	I used to be a fan of Jiffy Lube because the service is usually quick and affordable. Plus, they also fill up your tires. But lately, it's turned into a long process where they usually try to sell me on something after I've been waiting for an hour. I always say no and just stick to the oil change. It seems like more often than not, they find stuff that doesn't need to be changed or taken care of right away. I'll leave the more expensive stuff to my ever so trustworthy mechanic.
5	W0o-hoo!  I am a fan... BUT note the review is for a WINDSHIELD CHIP REPAIR only.  My insurance does not cover windshield replacement so I was left to find a place that could do a chip repair.  The chip was a little bigger than a quarter.  A friend recommended Safelite and Diamond Glass.  Safelite quoted me $79.95 online!!  There is no guarantee the windshield won't crack so that was way too much to pay.Diamond Glass was only $19.99!  They contract the work out to the local Jiffy Lube.  I drove up, 30 minutes later the chip was repaired!  BONUS.., they offer a 10% ASU DISCOUNT on all services and there is no tax so I ended up paying $17.99 out the door!
1	Tried to get my oil change and tires rotated on my truck here today, but I decided against it because apparently one of their jacks is broken. That means that they only have one jack, which is being used all the time, which means that its probably about to break as well.  It's definitely not going to be my truck that falls to the ground when this jack breaks.  I also went to another Jiffy Lube near by on Apache and McClintock, same story.
4	I've been coming here for 3 years now, and have never had a problem with the service. They are always super nice and this last time i went they were super fast.
1	The guy at the front desk was very condescending on the phone and when I arrived.  They only actually changed my oil but marked they put a new filter in and vacuumed/cleaned windows.  I thought my coolant was low but they said the fluids were all fine.  Well I checked again today.  No coolant at all and my engine is running hot.  Awesome job guys!
1	On January 23rd I received an email from Jiffy Lube with two printable coupons attached, one for $14 off of a signature oil change, the other 15% off any additional service done. I saw this as a good opportunity to get some maintenance done so on January 24th I went to my local Jiffy Lube at the address above, a location I've been visiting since around 2003, and got an oil change and two additional services done. Upon checkout I was quoted a price of 65.63, I mentioned a had a coupon for $14 off of the oil change but was told I could not use it. I asked why and was told this particular store ran it's own special discounts and no others could be used because of it. I asked what the special was and was told it was $10 off of the oil change, I said my coupon was worth more than that and I would rather use it, I was told no. I then said okay, and mentioned my 15% off additional services that I would like to use instead, again I was told no because of the mandatory $10 off that the store had no choice but to issue. I asked why Jiffy Lube would email me coupons that I was not allowed to use and was told "I don't know, that's the way it works".   This is the kind of garbage these oil places get away with every day, and I'm tired of it. For years I've been wanting to review this place with a star or two but ten minute oil changes are so convenient, well I'm done, I'll wait from now on, and my treatment today earned them a complaint with the Better Business Bureau... way to be Jiffy Lube, I hope all of this trouble is worth the four dollars you saved.
1	My husband and I were very disappointed after our most recent trip to this location. My husband received a coupon via email for $14 off an oil change. He called yesterday and asked if he had to print it out or of he could just bring in his phone. They told him he could show it on his phone, and then my husband informed them he'd be in the next day to redeem it. They said okay. So fast forward to today (1/24). My husband shows the guy the coupon when he went to pay, and the guy said he wouldn't accept it because they were already running a $10 off deal. Obviously we knew we weren't going to get $14 off the already discounted price, so we just asked him to price it at regular price then give us the $14 off since our coupon was worth more. He didn't budge. We had another coupon for 15% of the other services they did but they still wouldn't take it. So I'm angry for two reasons: 1) our coupons were completely invalid when they shouldn't have been and 2) nobody told my husband that he couldn't use it when he called about it yesterday. Although it was only 4 dollars, it's really the principle. We didn't even get an apology for this inconvenience. Pretty poor customer service on their behalf. These guys have officially lost two regular customers over this. I hope the 4 bucks was worth it, Jiffy Lube!
3	There's really nothing JIFFY about this Jiffy Lube.Came here for an oil change on a weekday and the whole process took at least 2 hours. I definitely didn't expect that. Good thing I had my cell phone and could catch up with friends.No problems with the service overall and the manager did allow me to use my student discount by showing him my ASU email address (I have yet to make a student card, bc I'm lazy)They didn't try and sell unnecessary car treatments which I appreciated. There were at least 2 other cars before me, so I suppose I should have made an appointment or called ahead. However, I really think the process could have been a bit quicker.
2	Took almost 45 mins for a oil change (they told me 20 mins when I got there) and it cost something like that as well...  Slow and expensive, not 2 things I like associated with my lube jobs.
1	this place (and i am now assuming all other jiffy lube in general) is terrible! I am on my way back to throw a complete fit as this is the second time they have f'ed up my car. apparently the workers were more concerned with paying attention to complimenting me and my tattoos rather than paying attention to the car itself. my car has had no mechanical problems with it since i've taken ownership in 2009. last time i went to jiffy lube they ended up not putting any coolant back in the car and it ran hot and blew a gasket.. ($300 repair). Shame on myself for not saying anything then and thinking it wasn't their fault. went back again and my car is running warm, coolant is burning enough that it starting smoking under the hood. I had my fiance take it for a trip around the block so he could see what i had to deal with and when he came back from his trip, the car wouldn't turn over at all. after it cooled down we got it to start so the motor isn't completely blown but FFS this is ridiculous. DO NOT EVER GO HERE. i speak from first hand experience TWICE. you will regret it and end up paying $400 for an oil job after all your motor problems are repaired once they start to go haywire after you leave this place. if i could give ZERO stars i would.
1	I was at store #1665 and the mechanics on duty recommended that my Serpentine Belts be replaced. Person on duty was P. Garippa. I went to a real mechanic today and they said my belts were fine and the Jiffy Lube people were lying. It seems like a cash grab to me at that store. Very shady. I talked to Justin at the store today and he apologized , but offered nothing else. Something must change at this location.That was my letter to the corporate office. I would never let a Jiffy Lube dude (really, just a minimum wage employee with oil training) touch anything important on my car and now I will never believe another one of these yahoo's. I did spend 45 minutes at a real shop which equals Jiffy Lube wasted my time and I want to be compensated for the idiots you hire that are trying to get money for things that do not need to be fixed.   Take your serpintine belt and shove it boys.
1	This is the worst place ever. They don't even deserve 1 star. I went to get myOil changed they recommended I have my battery cleaned as well. My car was then stuck in 4wheel drive. I had to go to 2 different mechanics to have it fixed. The people at this jiffy lube should NEVER be able to touch anyone's car.
1	Avoid this place. They tried to hustle my girlfriend for a $45 dollar basic oil change. Until I showed up and got a $10 "discount" They have false advertisements and constantly change their prices depending on the person who walks in. They need new management or ownership in order to stay in business. I will never return.
3	Good quality products, but hate the upsell. Always spent one to two hundred dollars, but came in for a simple oil change. Advice: change the oil yourself for half the cost.
2	walked in with a $24.95 oil change (special) coupon.  I was told they'd knock off $10.  Yeah, right...never happened.  Walked out spending $83.00.  Jiffy Lube is notorious for "bait and switch" games.  Workers there are trained to never let the customer leave without spending maximum money.  I watched them closely...they were low on synthetic 5-20 oil...topped off my engine with 5-40w.  Beware.
