4	I've used ABF UPack for two cross country moves and have been very satisfied with their service.  In fact, I recommend them to everyone I know who is contemplating a long-distance move. The first time I used UPack they dropped off a trailer, which we packed ourselves and then put up a bulkhead barrier.  They leave the trailer with you for 3 days to load it and then 3 days on the other end to unload it.  For our recent move we got one of their ReloCubes - which works basically the same way except that all the space is yours and you lock it with your own lock.  The staff at the Phoenix location are very professional and helpful.  The driver that dropped off the ReloCube after we arrived was very friendly and even gave me some tips on local places to check out since I was new to town!It is a great way to move long distance with out have to worry about driving a big truck or towing a trailer.  And its very affordable in comparison to full-service moving companies.
1	Was completely mislead by website on suggested trailer for my home.  Went with suggested trailer only to later find out, only 13ft of that trailer was in the quote.  $800 additional charge after the fact does not sit well with me and I will never use or recommend them to anyone ever again.  Also the danger of a $300lb detached ramp is an accident waiting to happen.
1	First, you must understand that ABF is NOT a full service moving company.  ABF is a freight company that provides a freight trailer and ships your items.  Packing, loading, and unloading services are contracted out to local moving firms, all of which is coordinated by a company named MoveBuilder.  One moving company will pack and load your items at your current home, then the items are transported to your new address where the unloading is performed by an entirely different moving company.  This makes it very difficult to keep your items organized.  Other moving companies maintain the same crew from start to finish, which goes much smoother.  The major problem I had was with the estimate.  A telephone interview is performed to generate an estimate.  I provided all the details requested, and received an estimate of $7100 for everything (full packing, loading, transport, unloading).  At the time of loading, the moving crew discovered that the trailer provided was not large enough to hold all of our items.  The representatives at MoveBuilder stated I would need an additional 7 feet of space in one of their other trailers at a cost of $2700 -- a 38% increase in price over the estimate.  I spoke at length with them about this, and they offered no other options (e.g. split the cost, subsidize a UHaul, etc).  When I asked about the gross inaccuracy of their estimate, they stated that their estimates are usually very close and had no explanation for what happened in our case.  I would recommend avoiding this company unless you have a relatively small amount of stuff that you can easily pack & load yourself into a POD.  Go with a traditional moving company if you need to pack & move a household.
1	Totally unprofessional! Their time is much more valuable then yours and they show no concern for the things you are shipping. Requested a 13 hour pick up window for the trailer!  STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE!!!
5	The Phoenix office for ABF was nothing but kind and patient with me. I rescheduled my Relo-cube pickup three times, and they never complained about it and didn't charge me any extra, even when I told them I'd understand if they did! They made my crazy move from Wichita Kansas as easy as possible. I have recommended ABF to everyone I know for cross-country moves. Make sure you pack all of your things tightly and strap it in well and your stuff should be fine. The other reviews on this page are for ABF's other moving services. My review is specifically for ABF U-Pack.
5	Friendly driver was very helpful with apartment staff to find a location for the large trailer.
5	This was my first cross country move.  I moved from  the Illinois to Arizona.  I did a ton of research and found that ABF offered the best prices.  After multiple conversations I decided to use the relo cube.  I needed storage for about a month while finding a job and apt.  I was making the move alone and I'm a 60 yr old female so I knew I would have my work cut out for me.  The plan was to have my peeps on my end help me load and hire movers on my AZ destination help me unload.  Upon my initial reservation they were out of relo cubes, but offered me a 26 ft trailer (10 ft of that) at the same price quoted.  The bonus being if I estimated a little off I had the option to use more at $126 per ft.  I thought that might be a good back up plan.  Really the biggest hick up was some miss communication.  I was told the trailer had ventilation.  After doing much research, I was able to calculate approximate internal temperatures of the trailer for Phoenix.  At the time it was in the 90's there and the trailer was to be stored in an open parking.  My biggest concern was I have a 50 inch Plazma and knew it could only withstand 114 degree storage.  I had a custom insulated box for it and knew exactly how to pack it safely.  The driver came right on time and was very accommodating.  Side note....if you use a large trailer, make sure you have ample parking and clearance on BOTH sides of your move!  That can be a huge obstacle.  Anyway upon inspection, the trailer Did Not have ventilation.  Huge game changer.  Since I didn't have a cool grand laying around to replace a fried flat screen I had to have a plan B.  After multiple conversations with a ABF it was concluded that none of the trailers had ventilation.  To there credit, they offered to store it in Illinois.  Oct 1st was my move date so temperatures would work.  Unfortunately that made me sit in an empty apt. with and air mattress and 2 cats for 2 wks instead of a few days for transit.  On the receiving end, they were very accommodating.  They delivered on time.  All the phone help were very nice and apologetic.  The drivers were equally very nice.  The very best part...my quote.  My final payment was to the penny of what they quoted.  I was prepared for some hidden costs after reading horror stories from other moving companies.  Literally to the penny!  That was a tremendous help and very pleasant surprise.  I've learned a lot from this experience.  Truthfully, knowing then what I know now (because I'm alone) unless you are moving somewhere with friends, family etc. I would do it all different.  It was brutal.  When adding All costs....moving companies, movers, storage and packing materials it literally would of been more cost effective to sell everything and buy new stuff. when I got there.  Physical loading and unloading, dismantling and reassembling furniture, fixing and repainting damaged furniture, trying to fit and arrange a space you don't know till you get there, and what ever else I forgot to mention...I could of had everything delivered and set up.  Seriously,  if your moving alone, I would highly recommend this.  If I ever move cross country again, I'll hitch my personal belongings on the back of my jeep in a small trailer and do new.  I'm single, very budget minded, have contents for a one bedroom apt.  When it was all said and done, I spent about $6,400.  I would of added whatever I sold all my furniture to that and had plenty of $ to replace everything.  (Just some personal info to any single woman with a similar situation).  However, if you must have your stuff...out of my total costs only $2,620 was ABF.  They really did everything they said they would minus the communication issue in the beginning, which they rectified to the best of they're ability.  In close, (if moving locally, for me personally) I would definitely use them again, as well as refer them.  Just remember expect the unexpected.  Fortunately, ABF came through on costs and service better then expected.
