5	The BEST preschool. They teach more than academics, but life skills to last a lifetime. Respect, self control, and getting along with others is just a little glimpse of what they learn. They give daily hugs and tell my son they love him. He asks to go everyday. Everybody there genuinely loves teaching children.
5	The Wilkins Family is hands down the best, most loving environment possible! My son went there for Preschool last year, my daughter is currently in the Preschool program-  and now that they offer Pre-K and Kindergarten, my daughter will continue there!The teachers are the most hands on- loving I have ever seen in a school. Every day when they walk in the door- the teachers run up to them and hug them and pick them up and tell them how much they love them. And it is GENUINE! I wish she could stay through hughschool! :)
5	The only word to describe the Wilkins family is ANGELS.  My daughter has been attending this school for two years, and I wish she could go there all the way through college! haha!  I know for certain that she will never have another teacher in her life as amazing as these teachers. They are so LOVING and I am in awe everyday of how incredible they are with the children.  My daughter currently attends the pre-K program 5 days a week, and she looks forward to going to school every single day.  They make learning FUN for the kids, and teach them important social skills (respect, self control, communicating feelings) along the way.  My daughter is learning how to read & can do math.  She loves music, singing, and art, all things she learned at school.  I could go on and on...I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend Wilkins Learning Center, just stop in and you will see immediately how amazing they are, especially compared to other preschools in the area.  Love them!
5	I absolutely LOVE Wilkins Learning Center!  They are very caring and absolutely love my son.  I like that it does not have room for many infants like many other daycares do, so it does not have an institutional feel to it at all.  All of the caregivers are nice and genuine.  My son and I are always greeted with a smile and well wishes.  After having toured several other daycares I know for a fact I made the right decision in enrolling my son here.  The caregivers actually work with the babies on meeting developmental goals.
5	Wilkins is fantastic. My son has been in the childcare there full time for about six months now (he's about 2). I work in higher-level education and am frankly very picky (as a momma should be!) about who cares for my child. We moved last year here to Gilbert, and were very sad to have to leave our great child care in Southern California. We tried another area daycare/preschool first for a month, but my son was coming home emotionally exhausted, throwing tantrums, and generally not a happy camper. We moved him to Wilkins, and the change in our son was instant; he was coming home smiling, happy, sometimes covered in paint or play doh :), and enjoys gong to school now.Here are some things that stand out about Wilkins: (1) the owners, Sharon and her daughters, are energetic, kind, and thoughtful. Every teacher I have interacted with there is patient, kind and energetic. There are lots of hugs, jokes, and singing. (2) My son has learned a lot in the past six months, in large part because of Wilkins. He just turned two and can sing his ABC's, counting to 20, knows his colors, shapes, etc. (3) The children do a TON of artwork, projects, building, etc. and (4) The playground area is FANTASTIC :).
4	Wilkins Learning Center has been such a blessing to my son! He asks daily if it's "Preschool Day" and is always welcomed with open arms by the amazing staff.  He's safe and loved, which is what matters most to me as his mom.  I LOVE the family feel to it, too! The teachers and staff truly care about each child. He's already signed up for PreK for next year and we can't wait!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this school! From the moment I walked in for my tour I knew it was the right place for my littles. My daughter starts Kindergarten next year and I am so sad to leave Wilkins after three wonderful years! If they offered any other grades, we would be there in a heartbeat. The staff is beyond amazing. They have a way of being gentle, loving and effective in teaching children. I did not visit any other preschool that cares so deeply for students and parents. It is clear in every interaction that the teachers truly love and value the children they teach. My daughter is greeted with a hug and kind words every morning and the amount she is learning never ceases to amaze me. I especially appreciate the focus on character development--learning to use kind hands and words, have courage, share, respect and honor others with words and actions. Academically, socially and emotionally there is NO better place for a child to start their education journey.
5	This school has made such a difference for my son!  We went from him crying every morning (at our old school), to now he grabs his things and lets ME know when it's time to go.I can't say enough good things.  There is so much love, caring and nurturing.  Their buckets are filled with love and knowledge.  They approach learning topics in a way that sticks with my son.  They not only are teaching my son academics, but also  help guide him to be a good person.  They encourage through words and actions. I could not have asked for a more wonderful place to send my son to preschool. We truly feel like family there!
5	My daughter just loves Wilkins learning center and her teacher Mrs. Ratliff. She is learning life long skills, especially in sharing and being kind. We love the staff and highly recommend this school!!!
5	My wife had used an alternate daycare for her first child, and we were close to using them again. Gratefully a soccer mom on our daughter's team recommended Wilkins and we went to see them and check it out just to compare. So glad we did!What we have found is a group of amazing people who truly care about the welfare, learning curve, and happiness of our infant son. When I drop him off in the morning I see the same amazing faces who welcome him with open arms-even excited to see him. He has daily games and updates even at ten weeks, encouraging the natural progression of his senses waking up. There are a limited number of infants so each day we know that he has been individually fed and cared for without neglect. I am a family first person, and taking him to Wilkins feels like leaving him with family.When my wife picks our son up to go home he is happy and tired-but has obviously enjoyed his time, and the attention he gets. The amazing thing is that we pay close to $10 per month less than the cheapest competitor we researched-and believe me I would pay $100 more for the service that Wilkins provides. This is the way that word-of-mouth works for small business-Wilkins has earned our permanent business, and will receive all of my recommendations for anyone looking for a great place to send their kids for care. I cannot thank the entire staff at Wilkins, from front to back, for everything they do. Check them out, and you will be glad that you did!
5	I was so happy that this was my daughter's first school experience. They focus on good character building early on. I feel she has learned so many great skills that will follow her on throughout her schooling. They bring out their courage and move on to sharing, respect and love. It is a joyous atmosphere and my daughter loves it. I feel she is learning solid foundation academic skills and will be ready to thrive in kindergarten. The staff is lovely. They are always so very welcoming, personal and full of love. Ellie will always remember and love Mrs. Bontrager, her very first teacher. Her enthusiasm and devotion to the families was unbelievable!
5	I currently work front desk at the Wilkins Learning Center. I have been here for over a year, and wake up excited to go into work. How many people can say that? Every morning I get a huge hug from the Wilkins and Barbara and am told what a great job I do, and how much I am appreciated. When I am sick, I get texts and phone calls asking how I am feeling and that the staff and kids miss me.  I have never had such an amazing, rewarding job. Working in such a positive and loving environment is so great! Everyone who steps foot in Wilkins falls in love with all the staff, and loves the way we treat their kids with love and respect!
5	If you are looking for a quality preschool for your child in the Gilbert/Chandler area this is it. I love the Wilkins Learning Center. When you are entrusting your child to the care of someone else, it is invaluable to know that they love and care for your child almost as much as you do. This center provides a nurturing home for young children, fostering compassion, friendship and independence. Both of my children attended Wilkins and I couldn't be happier. The staff is loving, kind and completely invested in the success and well-being of your children. The education is dynamic, engaging and age appropriate. In one recent day, my 3 year old son did art, yoga, Spanish, math, reading and character development. They teach a lot about being kind and courageous, which are invaluable skills for a preschooler. The center is clean, modern and secure with large open classrooms and a great playground for recess. The heart of the staff is the Wilkins family. As former grade school teachers, they are aware of the skills children need as they enter elementary school. My older son, entered kindergarten reading well above level, knowing all his letters and sounds, socially adjusted and fully prepared for the kindergarten experience.  My children have been so lucky to be students at this school. The saying goes "Everything you needed to know you learned in kindergarten" well it should be Everything you needed to know for Kindergarten, you learned from the Wilkins Learning Center.
5	My husband and I toured 4 schools when preparing to send our daughter to preschool.  WLC stood out clearly as the top choice for so many reasons.  (it was also the least expensive which shocked us - bonus!) The entire culture and priority of the school revolves around sincerely loving your kid.  They hire only genuine teachers that know how to make a child feel heard, important and excited about learning.  You'll notice the minute you enter the doors that the kids are the star of the show here - the staff will say hi to you - but they will engage your child and get down on their level and the kids just eat it up!  My daughter has learned so many character focused lessons at this school in addition to academics.  The instruction includes a fun way to teach empathy, compassion and respect in thoughtful and meaningful ways - not just "PLEASE SHARE KIDS!"  I volunteer often and the kids get along so well - because they are taught skills on how to interact with each other so well - which is amazing at a preschool level!  My daughter did the 3s program, the 4s program and will also do PreK here before going on to Kindergarden.  WLC is like a second family to us.  They get to know you and value your child's mind - but also their heart and soul. My other favorite parts about this school - the MUSIC - they incorporate a lot of learning via song, which had my 3 year old not only recognizing all the colors but SPELLING the words of them.  Now, she just turned 4 this week and is reading the second level BOB books (ex. The cat is sad.)  They are doing addition in math, and she's always telling me about some fun science experiment!  THEY PAINT and do art waaaay more than the other schools we toured.  When she's stayed home sick - the entire class has called her during snack time and said "We love you! We miss you! Come back soon!"  My daughter feels like a million bucks going to this school.
1	We were clients at Wilkins for over a year and a half.  We got along well with the caretakers, the front desk, and always paid on time.  We had an incredibly negative experience with the Wilkins Administrative staff (Barbara and Sharon).  Last month we got a call on a Friday from Sharon Wilkins stating that our 18 month old daughter got an "ouch report" and that she was being dropped from the program that day.  Just two weeks prior to this incident, we moved our child from full time to part time and got the following statement from Barbara in an email.  The email stated, "it has been difficult for us with our smaller rooms accommodating the part-time schedules. We lose money on the "off" days.  As a small business, we have to do what makes sense".  We were not happy about this profit themed email as parents who experience a lot of financial strain paying for daycare.  This was a very transparent financial move.  We had not been told in 4 months of any serious behavioral issues that Sharon was claiming our daughter was exhibiting.  Four months prior she had scratched a child when she was 14 months old, but this is normal toddler behavior. If Sharon really did drop our daughter with no warning or written notice she violated her own policy and left us in a horrible position.  The policy reads "if continuous discipline problems do arise, parents, teachers, and the director will work together on a positive program for the ultimate benefit of the child." We were not give this luxury, we were caught totally off guard.  There was no notification to us of any continuous behavioral problems.  It is the Directors responsibility to notify parents of issues and this was not done; a huge lack of communication.  Ask yourself would you want to be treated this way?  This put me on thin ice with my work, as I suddenly had to take a week off to find a new daycare.  This must be the Wilkins Way.
5	I had my two younger children attend WLC and they are both soaring through school.   Started well ahead of others from a competitive grade school.   Thank you to all at WLC.
