5	Great service.  The waitress was really awesome!  The pizza was handmade and very delicious!  Lots of cheese, yummy sauce, and the crust was fresh, handmade.  The bratwurst sliders are so flavorful!  The pretzel bun is perfect for them.  The house made chips were really good too.  The quality of the food is really good and the prices are fantastic!  There are plenty of games to play.  The place was spotless too!  The liked the decor/ambiance.  High class, yet casual.  No smoking is a huge plus too!  I love that we can come here and then head to the casino later.  The bowling alley there looks like fun, too!  Free shoe rental and child movie prices if you show your total rewards card....
4	Great atmosphere. Good food and service.  Even getting kicked out didn't damper the festive mood.  Or maybe that is why we were tossed.  Anyway, thanks to Ed, we made an earlier than planned departure, but the party just finished at his house.
4	This place is one of the best Sports bar's I've seen here in Arizona. They have Pool tables, of course, but also Foosball and Air Hockey. How much fun is that? Not to mention the food is amazing. I have to mention they have the best pizza I have ever tasted!
3	6.00 dollar beers 9.99 Angus SlidersVery slow service on Saturday for the fights I waited 27 minutes for a beer at one point when the bar was getting busy. I young lady I think was a supervisor by her dress came behind the bar to help and I was shocked to over hear her tell a customer she didn't know how to make drinks but she could get him a beer. WHAT ?????? How can to run a bar and not know how to make drinks. The bartenders are friendly but other than one ( blonde female) they coulded help more than one customer at a time. She was keeping the service station running and putting out drinks all around the bar.The Angus Sliders are a little dry for my taste but good over all... the fries are ok but did seem as they might have been sitting awhile before serving.The place was great for watching the UFC as every tv was on it. As long as they are the only place to watch the fights they will do well. But as soon as another place in Maricopa shows it they will take a big hit with the prices and poor hostes service.
1	Raw wings. Yummmm. When we reported it to the waitress she said sorry about that. Luxe. Step up your game.
3	Tuesday night, maybe 3 other tables in restaurant and took about 5 mins for waitress to get to us for menus even though there was more than 1 server. Took another 7 or so mins before she got our drinks to us, menu online is not the same as in restaurant. Out of something we wanted to try. Waited about 15 mins for app and then another 25 for entrees. They were out of mashed potatoes for a dish my husband ordered and they didn't even tell him, just gave him red potatoes instead. Big meaty pizza is amazing! That was worth the wait. Waitress was really nice, when we told her about the little things, she went downstairs and got us some ice cream from the dessert bar for free. Rocky road is really good and all is homemade.
3	On the one hand, it's a sports bar close to home with a decent menu and always has the games on a multitude of TVs.  It's clean, nice-looking, and the servers are nice (and usually easy on the eyes!).On the other hand...the beer prices non-happy hour or non-domestic are kind of high, especially considering their selection is piddly as hell - Bud Light, Coors Light, Miller Light, Dos Equis, Blue Moon and Kiltlifter.  I'm pretty sure that's it.  That might have cut it back in the days of older sports bars, but now people expect a good beer selection, or at least better prices if you have a shitty one.  The service can be slow, even when there's like 2 people in there, not sure why.  I dont usually mind since I'm rarely in a hurry, but still.  This is typical of most places in Maricopa, sadly.  The worst part though, I mean the absolute worst part, is that the arcade downstairs has this machine that just sets off a buzzer/alarm that goes off when someone wins, and it's loud as hell, and it will just go on forever and ever and ever and ever and...you get the point.  We've complained, asked if anything can be done, nothing.  So many people start looking around confused when it goes off, it disrupts everything.  I'm SHOCKED that the bar manager hasn't requested that the arcade get rid of that one machine.I just cant understand it...why the hell would you keep something that is pissing so many people off?  I've heard so many people complain about it.  It's ridiculous.Anyway, decent enough place, wish there was a 2.5 star instead but this'll do.Don't do the wing challenge.  You'll regret it.  Trust me.
2	While visiting friends in Maricopa, we decided to try the Luxe Lounge at the "Multi-tainment" center at the Ak-Chin casino.First, it is a sports bar - with a shuffle board game and pool tables. They have (as expected) several TVs with different games on and will try to accomodate you if you have a preference for a specific game. It can be noisy (after all, it is a sports bar).You seat yourself - there is no host/hostess as such.The waitress gave us our menus in a relatively short time and took our drink order. We ordered salad, appetizers and pizza.The food was very good (try the balsamic salad dressing) and the prices were reasonable. But...Be prepared for some SLOOOOOOOOOWWWW service. From the time we placed our order drink order, it took at least 8 minutes for anything to arrive. Our food order was also slow in coming. Our other complaint is that some of the staff seems to be more concerned with "hanging out with their friends" rather than being attentive to the customers. We had to ask for refills.Overall, it was a okay experience and if you don't mind some wait time, it's not a bad place for sports bar food.
4	If you're in Maricopa and you Don't go here then you missed it all. I love Thursday wing night the wings are dirt cheap and cooked to perfection I get my sauces on the side so I can get more then one. The beers are reasonable and cold after the wings go see a movie or bowl a couple of games.
1	Visited here on a Saturday night with no crowd. Service was  s  l  o  w. We spent a lot of time waiting for our server, who was unapologetic for the many delays. The food was not good - cold nachos, over-cooked wings (sent those back), and the salads and tacos were not fresh. My guess is that even if they had been brought to the table freshly prepared, the dishes would still not get a good rating. The manager never once appeared for the sent-back food, which was surprising. We will not be back.
1	Oh man - they just updated their menu.  This is hilarious.I get that this is a newer place with a nice setup, clean, big TVs, etc etc, so the idea to raise prices and go all upscale must have been tempting.  To idiots.It must have been tempting to idiots.  The idiots that must manage this place.But seeing how completely and totally empty it was on a Sunday Football Afternoon with some serious marquee matchups, I think other people are realizing this as well. Believe me, as fairly nice as the Multitainment Center is for Maricopa and as nice as the Luxe Lounge is (for MARICOPA), no one was going there for an upscale experience.  They were going there because the 2 other sports bar options (Native New Yorker and O'Sheas) are shitholes.  But that doesn't mean you should take this as an invitation to completely revamp your food menu to try and entice upscale diners, because the potential clientele you're trying to entice in this city mostly don't exist!  Oh, am I being harsh about this?  Yeah maybe...maybe I was just miffed that they discontinued the all-day Sunday happy hour and instead just left it at a list of like 6 food items you could order for "cheap", including a TEN DOLLAR POPCORN SHRIMP BASKET.  On special.  $10 on special for a popcorn shrimp basket from this place.But onto the new menu, including a $14 prime rib slider APPETIZER.  HAHAHAHAHA.  Really?  Have you seen the hood ass people that go in there after 9pm on a Saturday?  You're not selling this shit to them.  And have you seen the old people in their windbreakers trying to drink a cheap beer in there?  They're not going for this shit either.  And the fact that you led your sandwiches section with a PORTABELLA MUSHROOM SANDWICH?  HERE?  IN MARICOPA?  Are you a fucking ass?This is Maricopa, and while there are clearly exceptions to every rule, the majority of the people here are family folk, they're not vegetarian hipsters and aren't exactly the same people that live in Tempe and go eat at Green or search for organics and vegetarian options.  But you're trying to entice exactly those people by leading with that sandwich!  And you have all of ONE craft beer on your...like...6 taps.  One.  You think you can entice the vegetarian upscale hipster crowd into your sports bar above a bowling alley and an arcade with buzzing ringing machines to come spend $12 on a portobella mushroom sandwich with Blue Moon, Dos Equis, Coors Light and Bud Light on tap?You dumbasses watched too much Bar Rescue, thought it was time to add high-dollar items (hope to god it's not the same cooks - the food was wildly mediocre before, why would it suddenly get better?) and figured you'd just watch the upscale crowd (that does not exist in this city) flock to you?  Hold on, I'll be right back, I have to go pay you $16 for a mega meat calzone!  Or a margherita pizza (Stone fired it says...do you have a brick oven, or is this your way of saying you put a pizza stone in the oven?) for $14, which is what it costs for a margherita pizza at Pizzeria Bianco!Oh man, I could go on for days over this.  You silly people.  You make bad decisions and it's funny.
1	I'm giving the Luxe Lounge one star, solely based on the food! Service is decent but the food is terrible!!!  I don't want to give a lengthly review maybe some folks like bland, flavorless food! Very disappointing! I hope they figure out how to ad seasoning because I would really like to see a nice place like this succeed! I will probably go back when we hear that they changed the menu again... Seems to be a few times a year....
1	The new menu is over priced. The only reason we go is because of the happy hour wings $5/dozen. They still have .25$ wings on Thursday. The rest of the menu is over priced an bland. When you're there, ask for Yvonne, she is the best server they have.For the love of God, do NOT order the nachos! They are cold, every single time! Pool tables are free, and they have 99C shots most nights. They always have UFC free of charge. And for Monday Night Football they have a free appetizer bar.
2	The novelty of eating during your movie quickly wears out due to the horrific customer service. I'm not sure if it's adequately staffed or what but after finally taking my order 40 minutes into the film, it took them another 50 minutes to bring me my food: a simple order of buffalo wings!If you're going to the movies here and need to eat out, hit something in town first or the 347 Grill (if popcorn or icecream won't do the trick, that is).
