5	This office is aamazing. I went in terrified of the dentist. Dr. Berry took me in her office first to talk about my previous experiences and why I was so nervous. She calmed me down and made me feel comfortable. Everyone in the office was kind and respectful. They explained all procedures carefully and all of the costs in detail. They offered payment options.  The office even had televisions for you to watch while they worked on you. Overall a very positive experience.
5	First visit today, and I was thoroughly impressed!  I have an awful dentist phobia, nonsensical, but awful nonetheless. Anyways, I had walked by this business a number of times (neighbors of whole foods as well as fired pie!) And decided to give them a try. Every person I dealt with was professional and fun to be around, which worked wonders on my anxiety.  Their office was definitely modern, with flat panels everywhere as well as cool instruments I had never seen at my prior dentist's office.  Furthermore, they offered an awesome deal to new customers!If you are in the market for a new dentist/orthodontist check this place out!
5	Dr. Barry, Mandy, Sharon, and team are wonderful. They performed a root canal on me and it was as seamless as a root canal can be. I felt comfortable from beginning to end. I had avoided the dentist because I was insecure about the overall health and look of teeth, but now I'm looking forward to getting my "perfect smile" back! Thank you Dr. Barry and team!!!
3	I recently made an appointment with Chandler Modern Dentistry for the $39.00 cleaning, xray and evaluation special. My most recent dentist has retired  and I decided to look on my own for a new dentist rather than rely on referrals.First I was impressed with the physical layout of the office.  I was taken to an xray room where I was treated to a display of xrays and pictures of my mouth. This was excellent.Next I was taken to an examination room where a technician evaluated my gum health.  Following this exam a front office person came in and presented me with the options for cleaning my teeth.  The options went up to $190.00.Luckily I had a "lifeline" and called my recently retired dentist friend who told me that I should stay with the basic cleaning.The dental technician did a quick and painless cleaning.The dentist then showed me a problem with my teeth which needed correction. I agreed and the front office person came in and presented me with the proposed actions and the proposed charges for the actions.I was given a set of pictures and the proposed bill.Upon presenting my credit card to pay the bill I was given a bill for $95.00.  I mentioned that I was there for the "intro special."  I was told that I had an "expanded cleaning." I had turned down some of the cleaning options but obviously not all of them.Rather than argue I have paid the bill. First because I don't have time to attempt to argue a possible "bait and switch" situation.  I explained to the front office person that the $3900.00 proposed charges for a dental implant did not bother me near as much as a up sell from $39.00 to $95.00.I mentioned the ad and was told that I needed to "read the small print." That comment settled my opinion of Chandler Modern Dentistry.  I don't have time to read the "small print." Additionally  what if there is "small print" associated with the proposed dental implant. Let the buyer beware.I have gone to another dentist whose price for the dental implant is basically the same. I asked if there is any"small print' that I should be concerned about and was told "no." Since this is a referral I will trust the comment.The bottom line is - Chandler Modern Dentistry is doing the best they know how to do.  I recommend that if you are considering using their services, however, that you read the small print, if any.
