2	When I signed my son up for classes they told me over the phone $50 a month then after that month was over they jacked the price to $72 a month. He did the same thing in all 4 of his lessons he didn't learn anything.
1	We signed up our baby girl for the intro swim class towards the end of June.  She attended at least 2 swim classes without incident.  She enjoyed the classes and we even gave the instructor a gratuity. We missed swim class for the July 4th weekend and when we returned for the next week's class, some child made a bowel movement in the pool & class was cancelled - understandable.  This happened for the next 3 weeks (all classes we paid for and were promised we could make up).  Then, we paid for August's lessons on or about July 27, 2014. Only after we paid for August lessons were we telephoned (on our about July 30, 2014)  & informed that our baby had been "under suspicion" for making the bowel movements in the pool.  Mind you, our baby is exclusively breast fed & did not make solid bowel movements at all for those weeks.  Instructors who specialize in teaching infants should be somewhat familiar with the biological functions & physical development of infants.  When I spoke to the manager, Adam, about this, he seemed bewildered at the notion that an exclusively breast fed infant would not make a solid poop.Second, we always dressed our baby in the approved, reusable swim diaper.  I have checked her diaper after each lesson and there has never been any trace of any bowel movement, nor are the elastics loose around her legs & waist.  Instead, the swim diaper is quit snug - so snug it leave indentations in her skin after class.  The only difference between the swim diaper we used and the School's swim diaper that they sell is that ours was white and theirs has a pattern.    Thirdly, it was only after we paid for August lessons that we were informed that we were "under suspicion" and informed that we were no longer welcome at the pool.   I understand the school has a no refund policy but we feel as though we were swindled - they took our money for August and then 3 days later told us we were not welcome!  Nevermind the fact that class was cancelled for 3 times in July & we never got a refund for those classes!  Why take our money for August classes and then 3 days later tell us that we are not welcome to return?  We have spoken to management on at least 3 occasions just regarding the refund.  Last week, on approximately August 4, 2014, I was advised that we would get a refund for August.  The manager asked whether I wanted it picked up or mailed.  I asked them to mail it.  When we did not receive it as of Thursday, August 8, we called again and were told that the refund was mailed on Wednesday, August 7.  When it did not arrive as of Monday, August 11, we called again and were told "no refunds".  Apparently, the school representative lied to us when she said it was mailed on Wednesday.  Now they say that they will see what they can do and have a manager call us. We may have to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.  This place is not good for infants as they do not understand infant development.
4	Love Water Wings Swim school in general! Great business. As for this location--We moved to the North side of town and had to leave the Eastern location behind, which was okay as Louis, their rockstar instructor, had just left to pursue a new career. I called this location and they got my son reenrolled for a class that evening. Awesome! Thank you! I explained to them that I was used to a male instructor for my son  for baby swim 2 and that Louis back at Eastern was bold enough and strong enough to handle my son. (My son is big for his age). The guy at the counter explained to me the girl Amber that taught the class we signed up for was a really great instructor and I should give it a shot. Obviously I figured they'd say that about any instructor but we gave it a shot,  and I was impressed. Amber was very encouraging patient and could lift my son with no issue. Could it be, I found another rockstar instructor? After the class I decided to bring him two days a week for the first month so we could try to move up to Guppy, and the gentleman at the front spent time helping me find another day and time during the week that Amber taught that would also work for us. The building itself is in a nice small shopping center, it's easy to get to, and it's clean. The toy area is clean, the bathrooms and changing area is clean and the pool area is nice and open with a good amount of seating for parents. The staff is all great. My loss of star comes from this past week, our third week at this location and Rockstar Amber was sick and leaving early (totally understand, and hope she's feeling better). Instead of calling and telling me though and asking if I was still okay with it, they waited until we got there and were checked in and then told us and said another instructor  was taking over her class. Well fine im already here and my 2 yr old wants to swim. The teacher they chose to substitute was awful. She was impatient, and pretty rude to both parents and children. She took no time or effort to make sure my son was doing things with the right form and instead just rolled her eyes and kept going. Very different dynamic than when Amber is teaching since she is very encouraging to the children and very attentive. Basically the class was a waste of time and I feel like my son didn't get any practice until his dad took him aside and practiced with him on his own. Some parents may not mind if there's a substitute instructor but I do because they are definitely not of equal caliber. If that was our instructor every week, my rating for the business wouldn't be 4 stars, it would be 2. And if it wasn't for her, my rating would be a 5.
