1	Through my personal experience I would say- Saratoga apts is a ripoff. My husband and I paid an application fee of 80$ 3 years ago, (40 per person) and we were told that was all we would have to pay. that management company then demanded an outrageous deposit plus first months we couldn't afford, (What baffles me is that I was up front with how much money I had available, and that if it was more than a certain amount, we didn't have the funds since we had just moved back to AZ, and they REASSURED ME it wasn't going to be a problem! )and THEN told us after they made their decision our deposit was non-refundable! (interestingly enough, I have good credit, and luckily I moved into a decent place 100% better that I am still currently living at.) this was 3 years ago. if the deposit is non refundable, you would think 3 years later, I could actually get my apartment there? no, they want to charge another 2 application fees!!! ROFLOL!!!- (this place is a joke) I feel so lucky that I didn't move here, however I feel it is my duty to warn people about this terrible place, and the horrendous management that even after 3 years, refuses to do the right thing do to a lack of moral character. I don't want to move into Saratoga apts, even if they paid me. from the looks of the reviews, that is just the beginning of the multitude of horrors you would experience. if you are unfortunate to be in this rat trap, god speed to your rescue, and may Saratoga apts. burn in hell. I contacted management, and claimed I would be reporting on this issue of apartment complexes stealing peoples money via- 'multiple media sources.') At the time, they refused to comment- Mimi claims it is written in their contract that the application fee is nonrefundable. (HUH ?) However I explained we had never gotten that far in the application process! (ha ha) There are a few apartment complexes out there who will not charge you a RIPOFF application fee or an administration fee, though rare- I strongly suggest TO ANY RENTERS that you do your homework to find them, and negotiate terms that are acceptable to you, and not these 'thieving management companies' who only see renters at targets to pay fees too. I also suggest if one of these companies rips you off, REPORT THEM! Goto Ripoffreport.com, and tell Ed Magedson you support bringing criminals in business to justice! And spread the word around and warn others about apartment complexes that have bad management practices, and share the good ones too! good ones deserve to be recognized as well for their commitment to good business in the community- and the people they serve. Thank you!
4	This is a *real* review written by a *real* former resident of Saratoga Apartments.  I lived there for over a year, and absolutely did NOT have any problems.  If there was anything that I needed from maintenance, they were quick to respond, and helped me each and every time.  No problems.  No attitude.  Management (Marce) and staff (Mimi) were fine with me.  The grounds were fine, and I felt 100% safe there at all times, even when I'd go out for walks late at night (there is a security guard that patrols the property at night).  I had a studio apartment, and found my dwellings to be satisfactory.  BOTTOM LINE: As long as you pay your rent ON TIME, you'll be fine.
1	Saratoga was a horrible place to live. The rent is cheap and you really get what you pay for.  I was in constant fear that my apartment was going to get broken into. I would sometimes have to take my dog out at night and the complex is scary at night. Saratoga has a night security guard but its one dorky guy on a bicycle, this did not at all make me feel safer.  Several of my neighbors had a few incidents with bed bugs and roaches. The staff wasn't the best and the head office lady was really harsh on people she disliked. If your looking to rent in the Mesa/Tempe area I recommend you avoid Saratoga apartments. Spend the extra money to get a safer, cleaner, nicer apartment with a staff that is more professional.
