3	Went into Office Depot for the advertised special they were having on blank CD-R's and I was quite pleased with the experience.Place was easy to navigate and shop.Checkout was fast and curiousPrices were nice and low :)
4	To be honest, the only reason this place is getting four stars is because Yelp says that I am a fan... which I am since I really do not know where else to go to pick up office/school supplies other then Office Max (to far down the street) or Walmart (Which I avoid like the plague at all hours of the day or night unless I am feeling adventourous)Anyway, I have been going to this store for years and they have served me well with just about everything I need. Other then that though, its your average office supply store.
3	There are not that many Office supplies stores anymore, so you kind of have to give them at least 3 stars, just for sticking out the recession
3	We found a chair on there web site for a great price, well it wasn't the price in the store, but they did match it.
4	Needed supplies. Everyone here is helpful and assisted me in finding what I came looking for. They have a loyalty points program and accept other office supply stores coupons (and I forgot mine!!!). I like this location since it's close to all he stores I normally visit. It's very convenient.
5	Excellent customer service. Walked in and got help right away from Les. Super attentive and very friendly.
3	There are several people who work here and it seems like when there is a line waiting at the ONE check out they have open by the printer cartridges, it takes a really long time before someone takes notice and opens another register.  The person at the check out does not make the effort to notify anyone of a line, the people in the copy section just hang out and chit chat with each other instead of offering to help.  Actually the only time I have seen them take someone from the line to help is when told to do so by the manager.  You would think a place would pride themselves on customer service but not here and not sure why.  Oh well, it here or Staples which actually has cheaper prices on some of the same items.
