4	As far at E'NP's go, this is one of my favorites.  The service is always quick.  Always.  I've never had to wait longer than 20 minutes for food even when there's a line out the door.This E'NP (which is listed as being in Bellevue, though it's actually in Avalon) was the hang out spot for the teens when I was in high school and still appears to be so judging by the number of kids that flood here after football games.  Think The Max, but with less magic tricks and far fewer dance-offs.  The wait staff will yell at kids if they get too crazy, and in some cases, kick them out.  Much appreciated.  The Avalon cops also hang out here at night, so it never gets too rowdy.The food here is diner food.  Not much else to it.  Don't order the steak and you won't be disappointed.  There is a pretty big salad bar at this location, and the food changes based on the time of day.One thing that I love about this particular location is the speed at which they attack take-out orders.  Again never a more than a 20 minute wait.  They also have fresh bakery items in the case, which I love since not all E'NP's bother with that.  Make sure you get a Smiley Cookie before you leave...Or a dozen.
4	A Pittsburgh staple.  They're so family-friendly, their mascot (see, they have a mascot - totally family friendly) is a smiling cookie.Most recently, I was here for brunch after church, though I've been coming here for years.  The servers are always friendly, it's usually pretty clean, and the buffet is normally well-stocked.  I love their new, health-conscious approach to their menu; they still have the classics, like the breakfast smile with full fat and grease or the smart breakfast smile, with less fat and grease.  Fresh fruit instead of bacon was actually a refreshing change (and I love me some bacon) and my egg-beater-like egg white substitute really did taste good and egg-y.  My father had the same thing, but the original version.  Those hashbrowns they have are like fried gold - always the first thing that gets eaten.Our server was always quick with the coffee.  Even though she had other tables, she'd take care of us first so as to allow time to chat with her regulars.  I can appreciate that; it makes you want to be a regular.Pros: relatively quick service (it's been faster, but it was Sunday), fresh take on the menu, servers take care of the regularsCons: this time the food delivery was really lagging (no fault of the server, the kitchen must have been slammed), booths weren't fully clean before we sat down
