5	the best pho we've had outside of hanoi. The soup is just right, rich, brothy, yet clear; not salty nor sweet. the basil leaves were fresh and unblemished. And best of all, they added a fresh red cilipadi (bird's eye chilli) which I haven't tasted in more than a year. The resulting blend was just right, with the rare, choice beef slices and smoothly textured rice noodles. Dang, it almost makes the 24 hours of getting to Montreal and back (by rail) worthwhile.
4	There is a lot of Pho places in Montreal, this is my favorite one. On weekend you should try the special spicy soup, one of my favorite!
3	Pho ga without chicken broth, whaaaaaaaaat?!?!?!?!  "Pho ga is just beef broth with chicken. sorry, we dont have chicken broth." Major disappointment. However...If you want the regular pho (pho dac biet), this place tastes like pho in CA (that's not Canada... I'm talking California.). Broth is so good and piping hot!I'd love to try their chicken broth if they had it!
5	Just found another favorite Vietnamnese restaurant of all time. My love for Vietnamnese food is extensive and undiminishing and the bo kho here won my heart many times over.We came here on a Saturday night at 6:30 pm, we were sitted right away. Boyfriend's parents knew the owner, they were friendly and started bantering with us. (Too bad I can't understand anything) Deciding to be adventurous, I ordered bo kho for the first time. they came over with small pho soup (compliments of the house) first, what deliciousness, the light and clear soup with beef balls, the soup flavor is perfect, every spice, seasoning, herb and the bo soup base is on the dot. Then my bo kho came (with rice). How come I never ordered this dish before?! The flavor is incredible, the meat taste heavenly, mixed with beef tendons, skins and fatty meat, giving the extra tenderness and texture. The stew itself is brewed to the perfect flavor, PERFECT, there is no saltiness, heaviness, just the perfect blend of flavors dominating all of my taste buds. From the first moment, my taste buds started slaving away for the delishness of the food and entered a foodie trance. We had che 3 mau for dessert, the gelatin sugar, green jelly and beans, along with coconut milk (lactose free!), so refreshing, so delicious, so good.I'm in love with this place and with its bo kho. I'll definitely be back to try their bun bo hue, the other love of my foodie life. Sorry pho lien, I'm cheating on you with dakao.
4	It took me a while to place the craving I was having. Finally I traced it back to a couple weeks ago when a friend had picked up take out for us from this little basement joint on Jean Talon. I trundled over there and loaded up on the vermicelli with veggies, grilled beef and imperial roll. Back home all of this goes into the giant bowl, with a shot of sriricha and tadah! Rainy day conquered. Everything was as it should be, very fresh and light and full of flavour, not at all greasy. I will definitely be back to try the Pho. Dakao is cash only, but there's an ATM inside. Family run and very friendly and helpful. It's clean but not fancy, half sunk below the street, and the few folks eating there were Vietnamese. I'll be back frequently.
3	I ordered a take-out and it took me the time to sit down for them to give me my order all packed up (they were surprisingly fast). It doesn't cost as much for their smallest portion, and everything was included in the package: viet basil, lime, sprouts, etc. They're also one of the few pho soup which I can finish in its entirety without feeling completely sick. They still added some MSG, but not as much as others. For now, it's an ok restaurant, not the worse, not the best.
