5	We first boarded our Golden Retriever here, as it was close and upon calling and talking to someone, they seemed very nice. The boarding went without issue, with the staff being very accommodating regarding food, toys, times, etc. We decided to try out daycare recently, and have been very pleased. The first day, our pup received a report card, and we got to watch a video of her playing during the day. That sealed the deal. We saw the people, the other dogs, and our little Golden playing and having a great time. And she was very tired afterwards. Bonus!The staff are wonderful. And did I mention they are available 24x7 for drop-off/pick-ups?
5	Want great service, reasonable rates with a safe, inviting atmosphere to take your dog? Look no further, cause Gilbert Dogs is where it's at!We boarded our dog there a few months back and we were so pleased with the service that we began taking her there for daycare about a month ago. The staff is wonderful, welcoming and willing to go out of their way to make daycare a fun experience. When it was our dog's birthday, they threw a party for her, gave all the dogs Doggie ice cream, and she got a party bag of chew toys. Awesome, awesome, awesome! Great people with a great business.
5	Tired, happy pups!I've been looking for a good doggy daycare since I moved to AZ, and it looks like I've found one! The staff at Gilbert Dogs is great! They're friendly, helpful, and it's obvious that they genuinely love dogs. My two pups came home from their first day of daycare absolutely exhausted from playing all day. The DVD of their day shows how much fun they had! I will definitely be bringing my dogs back for daycare, and for boarding when I go out of town.
5	You can't beat the freedom and love that dogs receive here, it is easily a home away from home... but with more furry friends.
5	I am soo grateful to Gilbert Dogs for the wonderful treatment that they gave to our dog Charger.  This was his first opportunity to play freely with other dogs and he did great! We left him here for 3 days and when we picked him up he had a report card and a DVD of his time there! KUDOS to Steve and the rest of the staff at Gilbert Dogs for not having any breed restrictions and realizing that all dogs, regardless of breed, can be well behaved, loving, and non-aggressive with the right love and training.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves their dog like a child.
5	Steve and his staff truly love dogs! My Jack Russell Terrier Schooner LOVES going to see his friends at Gilbert Dogs. He now knows the way, so as I drive to doggie day care, he trembles with anticipation and whines. He runs right in to play, with nary a thought about me (which is huge considering he has some separation anxiety issues. . . but not with this place). He comes home happy and tired which is exactly what I want! A tired dog is a happy dog. Thanks Steve for opening what has to be the best place in the world for doggie day care and boarding. Your prices are fair, your establishment is always clean, and your staff obviously know how to keep the pack in line and having fun.Oh, and they do birthday parties. Yup, you heard it. Schooner had so much fun on this second birthday November 15. It's so heartwarming to see the video of the days when he's there or to go to their website and watch the video
5	My dogs Peewee, Molly, and Frankie spend about 3-4 days per week at Gilbert Dogs. It makes me feel good knowing they're in a safe and stimulating environment instead of at home alone. The staff at Gilbert Dogs is wonderful. Tina and Erin are my favorites! At first I though dog daycare was a luxury, now I don't know how I ever lived without it! Thank you to Stephen and your staff for the great care you've given to my dogs!
5	I have taken my dog to three other places for boarding/day care in the valley and Gilbert Dogs is hands down my favorite.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  The staff is super nice, the grooming I have had done there is the best, videos of my dog at the end of the day, indoor and outdoor play, great prices, a really happy dog, and much much more.  I also love that they are open 24/7, so I can pick up my dog late if I need it.  Easily my favorite place to take my dog!!!  Thanks :)
5	great place for dogs!
5	My dog is being boarded here on Monday. I am an owner of a 5 month old american bulldog and have never left him yet! I was so nervous until I found this place!! They informed me that they had someone on the premises 24 hours and that my dog would never be in a kennel, even at night! I love the idea that I can trust that they will let me dog have fun while i'm gone, it makes a nervous pet owner like me feel better about leaving him!! I'm confident Rommel will have a blast!!--------------------------------------------------------------------------Sadly Romeo passed away from a perforated bowel in December. I am so glad that he had a chance to have fun at places like this before it happened. The people here were so good to him and I felt so bad when I moved him away. I am upgrading it to 5 stars because not only did they take excellent care of my Romeo, but I couldn't find anywhere like it in California when I moved.
5	The staff here is awesome! They really care and know how to take care of dogs! At first, I was a little worried about boarding my dog in a kennel-free facility for fear he wouldn't mesh well with the other guys. But he loves it and they even let my little one (a little Chihuahua mutt) play with the bigger dogs!  As soon as he steps his paws into this place, he is totally at home and forgets about me. =( But I know that he's in good hands! They even put together videos of the dogs and sends me home with a report card of how he did! I will never bring my dog to a cage/kennel boarding facility after my experience with Gilbert Dogs 24/7!
4	Steve and staff are awesome, Layla is so excited to go and hang out with them for the day.  I know she has fun and is very busy, because she is too tired to move when we get home.  I love the family aspect of Gilbert dogs.Pro's:  The hours -  I work a lot and like to hit the gym and they are very flexible with the hours they have your puppy.The report cards and FB videos - just way too cute and shows the level of care.Con's:  The only con I have is the strip-mall location, wish they had a yard to run in, but honestly this just minor.I'll keep updating my review as I take Layla there more!
5	I would highly recommend Gilbert Dogs 24/7! The staff is wonderful and they really care about the dogs. As soon as we drive into the parking lot, Marley gets all excited and literally runs out of the car with anticipation! She knows she'll have a great time playing and excersizing!  The prices are very reasonable and you can't beat the hours! Should definately go there if you want a great kennel-free environment for you dog:))
5	I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review?!  I absolutely LOVE Gilbert Dogs!  The staff is great, the Facebook videos are AWESOME, and our dog Cayla always comes home happy and exhausted.  Love the fact that we can drop off or pick up at any time of day or night.  Love, love, love this place.  We drive 20+ minutes out of the way to take our dog here, and it's SO worth it!
5	I've been bringing my two dogs here for over a year now.  They absolutely love it!  My boyfriend brings his two dogs here now as well, and the four of them always come home tired and happy.  When we're in the car and they figure out where we're going, they get so excited.  And when we walk in, they immediately run up to the staff for pets and hugs.  This makes it so easy to relax and enjoy my travels and know that my doggies are having lots of fun.  Plus I can check out the movies on Facebook and see all the silly things they've been doing.  The new boarding reports are great!  I can be sure my dogs were eating all of their food, and that they got their meds daily.  And the comments at the bottom always make me laugh.  It's clear that Stephen only hires people that absolutely love caring for dogs as much as he does.I'll definitely continue taking my dogs here.  The prices are reasonable, and the level of care is fabulous.  They have no problem accommodating drop-off and pick-up times any time of day, which is great.  And I love the no-kennel environment and 24-hour staffing.   I couldn't ask for better care for my four furry kiddos.
5	Hi!  My dogs Molly and Rocket have been going to Gilbert Dogs almost since the first day they opened!  I love it - and more importantly so do they!  I love that the facility is all indoors - that is very attractive to me in this AZ summer heat. Other places put big dogs outside and little dogs inside - I really dislike that because it perpetuates the myth that big dogs need to be outside dogs.  I know at Gilbert Dogs my dogs will be inside and cool, except when splashing in the pool!  I also volunteer at a local animal shelter and Gilbert Dogs is nice enough to let our foster dogs and dogs at the kennel come and play for a day at no charge - that is wonderful that our dogs get a break from the kennel as they wait for their forever homes to adopt them!  Thanks Gilbert Dogs, for all that you do!
5	Dear Stephen and GD 24/7 Staff: Tomorrow Maya and I will start visiting nursing homes.  Yes!! Maya now 2 years old, the shy, reserve but loving dog is now a therapy-visitng dog. Since my recent relocation to north Scottsdale, it has been very difficult to find a good daycare/boarding facility near my home. Therefore, I will continue to board Maya with you, despite our 40 mile driving distance.   I just wanted to express my gratitude for YOUR contribution to Maya's success.  Your effort, love, patience and devotion to dogs have mede a world of difference in Maya's behavior.THANK YOU AND WE MISS YOU VERY MUCH! Julieta
5	Layla has been going to Gilbert Dogs for a few months now and she really loves it!!!  I am so happy with the care and love she recieves from here.  Thanks to everyone that works here!
5	Our pup Mika stayed at Gilbert dogs for a weekend in Sept and loved it! We were a little nervous because she is a rescue that we've had since she was 4 months old and hasn't been socialized. To our suprise, she made friends! Loved her new pals, Riley, Maddy and alli and she really like everyone on the staff! We will definately bring our Ms. Mika back to play at Gilbert Dogs!
5	We love the place, we have been taking our dog Monty since they opened.  Staff is great, Monty always comes home worn out from all the fun.  I highly recommend Gilbert Dogs.
5	My boxer Barrett loves this place!!!!
5	I bookmarked this place originally after seeing their reviews and hoped to try it out one day. Then, lo and behold my favorite deal site Groupon comes along and gives me a great deal right when I'm about call them up to get my Scottie groomed. First of all, they spent time verifying that my dog had all her shots. She was not up to date and would not accept her until I can bring in records that she was. That was good because she was for sure due for shots. That was also good because I know all the dogs she will be around all day are also up to date. Some people may look at this as inconvenience, I look at it as quality. They were even apologizing to me but no worries! Next up, when I was able to bring her in, the Groupon (or your first check in) comes with all day doggie day care. So I dropped her off in the morning, and in the afternoon, shazam, I have a happy dog that looks like a Scottie should look (look at my before/after photo).They loved having her and I know my dog had a blast. The groomer did a great job and the daycare makes it a breeze. I do plan on coming back here the next time my dog is looking shaggy.
5	Gilbert dogs is seriously the best place to take your dog.  My dog cannot get enough! I flew to Baltimore for a week and left her there and they took such good care of her.  They also have a lot of Groupon deals which is awesome.  They'll text you updates/pics of your pup if you would like.  They're so sweet and fun; they really want to make sure your dog is comfortable.  I bring my dog here now every so often for a play day and she has a blast.  I highly recommend that if you're looking to board your dog to check this place out.  *Note: if your dog doesn't like other dogs or prefers to be alone, this probably isn't the right place for him/her.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place!  This is hands down the best place to take your dog if you have to go out of town.  The staff truly cares about dogs and your pooch will have so much fun! Each dog is evaluated to make sure they can behave with other dogs, which helps keep everyone safe.  I also appreciate that only dogs with updated vaccinations can be there.  I don't want my dog getting sick! This is a cage-free environment.  Basically the dogs get to run and play all day long.  Plus, someone is there with them all the time so you never have to worry about the dogs being alone or unsupervised. Seriously, take your dogs here.  They will love it.
5	Still love this place oh so much!!  Staff are amazing and you can tell they all really like what they do.  The dogs are always having so much fun whenever you walk in.  And the best part of all, your dog is tired when you get home!  Can't say enough great things about Gilbert Dogs.
5	We are new to the area and had a week and a half vacation planned overseas. Until this vacation, we had only left our dog with family members and were very nervous about finding the right place to board him. I checked out a couple other places in Gilbert and left each feeling worse that when I entered. Neither had on-site staff overnight. All the dogs slept locked in their own kennels. I just kept thinking, "what if there was a fire?" It was terrible.If you love and treat your dog like a family member, Gilbert Dogs is the place to go. We brought him to day care a few times before the trip and he gets groomed there, too. They always remember us and are so welcoming and friendly. It made me feel a lot better leaving him for 10 days. They post photos and videos on their Facebook page so you can check out your dog while you're away. We posted on their Facebook wall while on vacation to see how our dog was and they posted right back letting us know he was doing well. They even gave us a report of all his activities over the week and a half. They're the only place I would leave him if we go away in the future.
5	J.D. and Jordyn had an awesome time.  This place has an awesome staff, friendly dogs, staff is aware of everything.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  We will continue to come back!!!
4	Storm, Dr. E and I visited Gilbert Dogs on Saturday and were very impressed with their unique approach to dog boarding and doggie day care.  We were thrilled with their level of staffing, 6 people taking care of about 30 dogs on a Saturday.  The lack of any strong odors tells me they do proper sanitation.  We booked a 5 day stay starting next Wednesday for our Lab/Pit mix, Storm. They were very nice and brought Storm inside when we visited, then asked us to wait in the car so they could see how our dog interacted with the others in their kennel.  Luckily, Storm passed their compatibility test, so we will follow up after his five day stay and let you know how it turns out... As of right now, I am so impressed with how unique and wonderful this place is that i felt compelled to share it with my Yelp friends!
5	I now work in downtown Phoenix. Occasionally, it would be nice to have Schooner at a doggie day care place closer to my office, for those evenings when I want to plan things with friends who have dog-friendly homes. However, finding a good place in central Phoenix is proving to be impossible! I went to a private place one day, but her back yard was so chock full of potted plants (including cactus) I was afraid Schooner would get into something. Villa la Paws and Tailwinds both charge a ridiculous $10 fee for a temperment test. And they won't believe me when I say Schooner has a wonderful temperment because other people have lied (so apparently I'm being dishonest too...grrrrrrr).My last review was December of 2010. Now, a year and a half later, I STILL LOVE ME MY GILBERT DOGS!!! Stephen and his crew have doggie day care down to a science! They have a well-behaved pack (where the humans ARE the pack leaders and the dogs know their place...most of the time). Schooner still LOVES going there. All I really need to do is pull up out front, open the car door while Doug (or someone) opens the door to Gilbert Dogs, and he'd run right in...and he has some separation anxiety issues so that's saying something. He runs and plays and naps and eats and hangs out with the big dogs (because when this 14 pound Jack Russell Terrier looks in the mirror, he sees a MUCH bigger dog...but without the "little man complex" unless he runs into a bully dog and he will stand up for himself). So Stephen, can you maybe look for a location in central Phoenix. I think you're quality and style of dog day care is sorely lacking from the central Phoenix area. It's time for PHOENIX DOGS!!!! :-)
4	Was looking for a new groomer for my new rescue dog.  I had been using the grooming services at Petsmart, but wanted a more personable atmosphere.  I noticed a Groupon for Gilbert Dogs 24/7 and after reading the reviews decided to give it a try.  I found the staff to be friendly and I appreciate they asked a lot of questions about my dog, especially since we had only had her for 1 week and weren't exactly sure how she'd behave.  The staff monitored her behavior and reported back to me.  I brought my dog in smelling like skunk (she did get sprayed) and her hair slightly matted.  She came out looking awesome.  The skunk smell had signifcantly improved and by the next day or so was completly gone.  I will be bringing my dog back here for grooming services.  Probably once every other month as she is an inside dog and doesn't get very dirty, also due to the cost (full price is $45 for bath).  My husband said the place smells like urine, but I honestly didn't notice.  Besides, dogs do have accidents now and then.
5	Gilbert Dogs is the best! My 10-month old puppy Oliver LOVES getting to visit and I appreciate how good the staff is and how much they care for all their furry friends. I know Oliver is eating the best care available when I take him there!
5	Our two dogs have the best time when they stay here! Staff is so nice and love our dogs too!
2	I know this place gets great reviews but I've got to say my experience was not so great. First we signed up for some puppy training classes and after being delayed three times (the first time we weren't even told and drove 30 minutes to find out) We finally asked for our deposit back. Next we boarded our pup last minute - which was cool - but when we got him back a few days later he smelled terrible (like urine) and ended up with worms AND kennel cough. He was miserable for almost three weeks afterwards. It took $200 in vet bills and $120 in medicines to get him feeling well again. Of course timing couldn't be worse as we had a new baby at home. I think we'll try and find someone to come to our house next time we need a puppy-sitter.
5	my dog coco loves it. Amy is wonderful I have only been there once, after over 5 months I call to make another reservation and Amy recognizes my voice and she remembers my dog's name. They also gave my dog a bath on my way picking him up.
5	Used a Yelp deal for this place and took both of my Yorkie pups.The staff was incredibly friendly - loved that they took the time to introduce my pups to the other dogs there. Paid special attention to how I wanted their hair cut and have not found another groomer as good as Gilbert Dogs. I live in San Diego and frequently visit Arizona with my pups. Next time I will wait to get them groomed when I am back in town - well worth it.
1	Too bad!  After getting a Groupon for Gilbert Dogs, I went online to check out their website and Yelp reviews.  I was in.  Made an appointment for grooming and arrived on time.  Was so disappointed in the care of the business.  My first impression was, "Yikes! Is this the right place?"  Outside front door the sidewalk was covered in dog hair, windows were dirty with old tape on them, dirty diaper in a planter, dog poop in small island leading into the store.  That's just the outside!Went inside and dust, general debris and a general look of chaos.  Terrible first impression!  Young lady came out to help me, very nice and helpful but she was not the groomer.  I asked to speak to the groomer... not in yet.  Actually didn't arrive by the time I left 20 minutes later.  I felt so uncomfortable with the disarray and lack of cleanliness, that I changed my mind and took my papers and left... forfeiting my Groupon.  I don't know what the back area was like but if it was anything like the front lobby...I'm sure the staff has time to clean the store... remember first impressions mean EVERYTHING! (at least for me).  I won't be going back.
5	My dog Eva has been here twice and was so happy playing with the other dogs.  I love that this boarding spot is kennel free.  I used to feel so bad leaving my lil girl in a cage during my vacations. Thanks Gilbert Dogs! See you soon!
1	I took my dog there for the first and last time over the christmas break for one day of day care.  I almost didnt want to leave my dog but I was running late for work but when I dropped my dog off I noticed that they were way under staffed and had probably 60 dogs there and only 2 staff members (things looked way out of control).  I met Steve (the owner) and he seemed oblivious or didnt care when I pointed out my concern on the staffing.  When I came to pick up my dog they had about the same amount of dogs and only 1 staff member there.  When my dog got in the car she smelled horrible and was very shy at first.  I had prepaid for a five back so I immediately called and asked for a refund but it took steve days to refund me back my money which showed me that they dont know how to run a business properly.  To say the least gilbert dogs 24/7 seems very under staffed and unsafe and I would never recommend it to other people and they should possibly be checked out for health code violations. If you love your dog find another place for day care.
1	My Dog had been boarded here before several times over the last 12 months with no problems. I even recommended them to others and brought them business. We bought a package of 10 nights of boarding as it saved us money to buy them in advance.This December 2012 we dropped our cavalier off on the way to the hospital to have our first baby. We then received a call a few days later from the manager saying our dog caught KENNEL COUGH from another dog and was transported to a Veterinarian's office where we would need to pick him up from. The manager also said we needed to pay her back for what she had to pay the vet and that we also owed  them $70 for boarding. This place is not very organized and they don't ever have you sign papers or even check you in on the computer. I am not sure how they are able to keep track of things. When we picked our dog up from the vet's office that they had taken him to he was covered in dried up dog poop, his butt was bleeding, and he was coughing with a runny nose. It made me feel horrible to see my dog like this-he was miserable. I trusted these people with my dog and was very disappointed and angry when I picked him up and he was sick and covered in feces. I had just had a baby and did not need this added stress and neither did my dog! To make it worse when we went to pay Gilbert dogs the $70 that the manager had told us we owed was now $100. You don't tell people they owe one thing and then change it-that's unprofessional! Very disappointed and angry with what happened to my dog. Will never be back!
2	I really want to like this place. The staff are all really pleasant and upbeat. I loved the fact that they posted videos and sent a report card home yet... all of these positives do not make up for the fact that my dog came home very SICK. The last time I took my dog there he came home and was very tired and lethargic, which I had figured that he was just warn out. Then came the coughing and throwing up white foam. Yup... KENNEL COUGH which is very contagious. My dog ended up having medical issues for 2 weeks and lost a ton of weight from not eating. After a trip to the vet I called Gilbert dogs just to let them know that my dog was sick. The man I spoke with basically wrote it off, like "eh this kind of stuff happens". It does, and that is a risk that you take whenever your dog is interacting with other dogs... however, the cleanliness of this place concerns me. My dog would come home smelling HORRIBLE even if he was only there a few hours. It bothers me that you cannot see into the play area when dropping your dog off. I understand this is probably to cut down on the barking and to prevent upsetting the other dogs in the back. I just think it would give customers a peace of mind to know what conditions their pets were kept in.
2	Went in today to check out the home visit prices and see what all they had to offer. Walking into the place you got hit by a wall of odor.  I know having lots of dogs in a small space won't make any room smell like roses, however I would like to think that they clean the place every once in a while.I then asked about a service listed on the flyer and the website and was told that they don't do that.  Then why list it???  I also didn't like how from the front office you couldn't see into where they kept the dogs, though I could hear them all going crazy.On my way out I realized that you could see in through the side from broken blinds.  There were a ton of dogs in a small space with no one in sight.  Also, side note from looking at the pictures on yelp...Yes, they have couches instead of cages but those couches look dangerous since they are so broken. I wouldn't wan my dog sitting on or running near that.Since I haven't actually used the service I won't give it only one star, but from what I've seen I will not be back or calling for home service thats for sure.  It would have been perfect too, since I live only a mile away.
1	I recently took my dog bear to board here for 15 days and when I picked him up to my surprise he had a chunk of hair missing on his neck and cut and scab wounds all around I asked what happend they said its been like that for a week they had no idea when i asked what happend they had no idea they said he came in like that that was there  that was a lie so the manager never contacted me to check on my dog or to see if i was satisfied with there process so i had to contacted them they said he got bite  oh it was not that bad  ya right he got punctured from the bite so that tells me the other dog had a good grip before anyone came to get him off my dog so if you want people to watch your dog unsupervised with potential of getting bitten and have no customer service to follow up with you to care about well being of your dog dont go there
1	I walked in on a Saturday around 1:00 in the afternoon to check the place out for a future boarding and was not happy with what I saw.  They are about to move to a new location and badly need it, but that's not what bothered me.  The reception staff did not seem informed, the paperwork he was trying to put together for me was very unorganized, and he even answered a phone call for a reservation that could have gone to voicemail while I was in the middle of trying to make one.When I looked through the window, the one staff member was standing at the computer, checking her facebook while there were 10-15 large dogs in the area barking.  When she saw me, she logged out but did not close the browser (making it obvious to me that as soon as I left, she planned to go back to it) and went to go put some things away.  As I looked around there was pee all over the floor or water of some kind, which, in my opinion, the facebook user should have been cleaning up instead of letting it sit with the dogs surrounded by it. This is probably an ok place to take your dog, but I will never board my 2 here because of the lack of professionalism and pride the staff takes in their facility.
1	Do not go here. You are putting your dog in harms way. I boarded my dog for weeks and I got back a severely injured kid. No one on staff bothered to call and inform me when it happened as well no explanation when I picked him up.  When I contacted the "manager" she told me it must have happened at home and put the blame elsewhere, claiming zero responsibility. I am appalled that I did not even receive an apology, and no medical attention was sought for my poor dog. You're better off to leave your dog unsupervised at home with an automatic feeder at least then they are safe. This establishment is unable to perform the "services" they offer. Keep your dog far away from this place, a total waste of money! You will regret your decision to use this company.
5	I was so nervous to leave our only child (pup) anywhere, but I'm happy to say this place is pretty amazing!! They took the time to get to know our dog, and let us try out the day care experience for a short while today before leaving him all day next week. Some people have posted that it "smells" - what can you expect, it's full of dogs for goodness sake!! It looks very clean inside, and the people running the business are professional and kind. Couldn't be happier that we finally found a place to leave our pup during the busier days!!
4	We made a reservation for the first time to have our dog stay over for 4 nights. We took him to half day daycare before his extended stay and he seemed to absolutely love it!  He was so happy and so tired from playing all day.  He also seemed very happy and not overly anxious to leave when we picked him up after his long visit. He didn't drag us out the door to  leave, as he has with boarding in the past.  The only thing I would question is the dog's access to water. I know there is some in the main playroom, but both times we brought him home he drank excessive amounts.   Other than that he seemed to really enjoy staying here. We would definitely bring him back!
2	We boarded our fur baby there over the past weekend, Friday to Monday. It was our first time to board her here as it is way far out for us, but with the good reviews on Yelp and Google, we figured why not. The price overall was NOT bad, no complaint there, and after seeing a list of their services when I first entered, I actually spent some of this week contemplating taking advantage of their other services. While filling out the necessary paper work, they mentioned several times "jokingly" that people would frequently call and ask if something happened to their dog as their dog was almost comatose....ummmm....I get that they were saying it as a good thing as if the dog had played SO much and SO hard that they were completely exhausted, but how it was conveyed to me started to make me feel uncomfortable with leaving my baby there. Also while filling out paperwork, I was told that there would be some sort of video email or email that I would be receiving as sort of a "report" of how our dog did while there. I was first under the impression that it would be DAILY while she was there, and when I was told Monday that it is only sent after the dog leaves, I again assumed that it would be within a reasonable amount of time (24 hours?). I have yet to receive ANY report about how my dog did, what she ate, how much she drank etc. I even called FOUR HOURS ago, and the girl claimed that my email had been bounced back. She also deflected any blame of things falling through the cracks off to other people "leaving things for her to do." I kindly informed her that it was me who had written my email down, so if it was retuned, it was the person putting in the address incorrectly on the computer. She struggled to get my email again, as I had to spell it out several times for her (it isn't THAT difficult people!) and she expressed her apologies and said she would be emailing it "right now." Here i sit, four hours later, still waiting for an email. Why am I so concerned about an email report? Because my dog has not acted the same--no, not the "comatose" dog I was expecting from their comments last Friday. But she has not eaten or drank much, she has had lots of trouble going to the bathroom, and winces/whines when she does, something she did NOT do before I dropped her off here. Her bag of food seemed hardly touched, and her treats were not ever used either. Could it all just be a coincidence? Sure. But after comments that were made and the promises of email reports never coming through, I am really starting to have my doubts. I LOVED that there were no kennels, but I don't plan on going back to this place because of their lack of communication and lack of concern that I need to know these things about my fur baby.
3	Looked on Yelp, of course, to find a place to take my babies and found Gilbert Dogs. To add to the fact that I had found a place close to me with good reviews, I also got a deal to use for $10 off.I walked in was greeted by someone at the front desk and a groomer. They were very polite. The groomer, after asking what I wanted, immediately grabbed my two dogs and took off with them. I bet i wasn't in there five minutes. I wish they had played with my dogs and gotten to know them before they just whisked them away. One of my dogs was wearing a thunder shirt which clearly indicates anxiety, but they took no time with us. I was really surprised.What wasn't surprising was that my dogs were shaking when I picked them up. I think they were terrified I wasn't coming back. At any rate they did exactly what I asked and my dogs looked and smelled really good. They aren't terribly friendly, but are polite. I wish they had been more talkative to me and treated me like they wanted me to come back. Instead it was just a transaction: pick up dogs, pay, leave. The place was clean, but loud, because they do boarding, but I'm sure it must have freaked my dogs out to hear all that noise. I didn't realize it would be all in the same area when I found the place. You can hear the dogs barking from across the parking lot.So, they did a good job at a good price grooming my dogs, but I want to feel appreciated, I want my dogs to be actually cared for (I miss my Vegas groomer, she LOVED my dogs) and I want to feel like I'm dealing with friends, not a counter person at a retail store and that's what this felt like. Oh well, back to the drawing board.
5	I have been bringing both of my dogs here twice a week for several years and cannot say enough good things about Gilbert Dogs.The owner and his staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about dogs, and I completely trust them to make sure our pups have a safe and enjoyable experience every time they visit. We also board them here when we go on vacation and again have never had any problems. On the days that I bring them in, they both know where we are going and spend the whole ride going crazy in the car. When I pull up to drop them off they almost drag me in the door they are so excited.  After a full day of playing with all their friends, when we get home they both immediately pass out on the couch too tired to even eat the rest of the evening. I highly recommend Gilbert Dogs for anyone wanting a clean, safe, and friendly place for their 4 legged friends to hang out.
5	To make a long story short... I had a great experience at Gilbert Dogs!!  I purchased 2 groupons and was able to use them for both my shih-tzu dogs.  I've had a bad grooming experience in the past so I was a little nervous to take them to a new place... but both of my dogs looked adorable when I picked them up!! :)  I showed the girl a picture of what I wanted and they were able to make both dogs look exactly how I asked!  Very pleased with the grooming services and it looks like I've found a new groomer!! :)
4	My Shadow visits this place about once a month for a couple hours of day care and a bath. I can see the staffs are very good with the dogs, they play fetch with him! He loves to play fetch. What's not to like when you come back to a happy clean dog!
1	Grooming service...very very no good service..I will never come beck...manager.very vey no good man
1	Walked in to this place to check it out for our Shepard. No one was up front but all I hear is staff members screaming at the dogs to shut up. God forbid dogs bark...I also heard someone in the back slamming something on the ground to make the dogs stop barking. Needless to say, I didn't wait for anyone and left.
5	Hi, My Mom said that I could write a review for the doggie day care.  When i first went to this day care I was scared.  I went to two other day cares.  One kept me all night one time because my Mommy was 5 minutes late cuz of her work.  And one was very noisy and I got scared, cuz I'm a little doggie and the people were kind of irtitated and there was a loud noise that Mommy said was a train and no one cared and so I got so scared my Mommy had to come get me and take me home.When I'm scared by a loud noise at this place they just understand me and don't expect me to be brave.  And Mommy says she likes this doggie day care cuz she can pick me up and drop me off at any time, which works well she says for day care and for travel.  She says the price is right and it helps her buy me more treats.  Whoo hoo.  I like treats a lot.I love to play with other little doggies and run around like crazy.  They let us stay in a big room with each other so if I want to hide I can hide and rest and if I want to play I can run around like crazy with my friends.  And the humans there are good friends too and they like to pet me.  One is crazy about Chihauhau looking doggies and one remembers me from my first day care.  Of course they love me cuz I'm cute.  I stayed there once for some days when my Mommy said she had to travel.  She said she was having a people vacation and I was having a doggie vacation.  I missed her and my home but a lot of times I was playing so hard I forgot to miss her.  They gave me my same food to eat as I eat at home.  I like food!  It is sooo gooooood!  Sometimes I get my toenails clipped there too.  That makes me feel better!  Mommy says she saves money on that too!But what I really love is the doggies and playing and running.  I get really tired and it is nice to come home and lie in my little bed or on the couch by mommy and take a nap.  But she sees I like it cuz I get more happy and play more at home too.  She says it makes me more "confident" whatever that means.I just know I like running with a pack. I have two packs now, my little pack at home with Mommy and that crazy non-dog Kitty Cat thing... and one at doggie day care.  I feel more like a dog now and Mommy says that makes me more healthy.What I want to know is where are all the treats she promised me with the money she is saving??!??!?!  Also i want to know when do I get to go back!
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. I recently went out of town for vacation and decided to take my 4 month old pit bull, Dexter, to Gilbert Dogs 24/7. I've taken him several times before and I was told that he was having fun; playing around with all the big dogs. When I was told that he was being put with the bigger dogs, I was slightly worried because of Dexter's size compared to all the others.When I went to drop him off, my boyfriend was with me. He asked why Dexter couldn't be put in with the smaller dogs since he was much smaller than all the other big dogs (dobermans, other pits, and labs) and they explained that he was "too big" for the smaller dogs. As we watched them put him into the room, all the dogs surrounded the door, and my dog, waiting for his arrival. Everything looked fine until one dog randomly grabbed onto Dexter's ear and wouldn't let go. One staff member grabbed Dexter and took him outside. We asked to see him immediately to check if he was okay. They didn't bring him out immediately, we had to wait 10-15 minutes for the staff member to come out with him and when we asked another staff member who was grooming another dog; she just ignored us. After they made us nervously wait, one staff member brought him out with a bloody ear. What was she doing the past 15 minutes? She assured us that the dog who bit Dexter was the another staff member's dog, and wouldn't be returning back into the room; so we left.Coming back from my vacation I assumed that I would come back to a well rested puppy, but that wasn't the case. I got him back nice and wet because he was just bathed.. Is it that hard for them to quickly towel dry a dog?? When I got home, Dexter immediately went to sleep. As I was petting him, I found a few scabs on his head, as I rubbed down his whole body, I realized that his whole body was covered in scabs. It was as if he was in some crazy dogfight. Are you serious?? Is this how you assure me that none of the other dogs will hurt him? How much longer would it have taken them to realize that he cannot deal with being around the bigger dogs and his body is the proof. So if you want a dog service that will have your sweet, adorable dog chewed on like a toy and have scabs all over their bodies, this is just the place! I just know that I will NEVER be back here again.
1	Took a vacation with my wife from 10/12 - 10/18 and brought my 5 month old half rotty/half boxer mix to Gilbert Dogs for boarding. The weekend before the trip, we met a few staff members and took a peek inside the large dog area. Things seemed okay and we were ultimately sold on the place because we liked the girl that was on shift in the middle of the day that Sunday. She was reassuring and seemed like she knew what she was doing (may have been the day manager).I noticed a few very poor October, 2014 reviews and felt compelled to share my complaints. 1. On the instruction sheet that I drafted up for the staff, I asked them to try to call me daily with an update or take a picture every couple of days to send just for some reassurance. This was completely ignored. If the staff can't accommodate such a request, someone should at least give the customer a call to let him/her know they don't think it's something they can do. My wife called several times during the trip to check up on him. Not a huge deal, but I would have appreciated some acknowledgement of my request. 2. Our puppy has a very sweet, friendly disposition that also comes with enormous energy. He loves to play. He does great at the dog park (wears all the dogs out), goes running every day, very high energy. When we picked him up and came home, he literally slept for about 2 straight days. The place isn't set up in a way that will allow for any kind of restfulness when a dog is boarded there. 3. Big issue for me - two pretty raw bite marks on his neck and about 5 additional scabs scattered across his body. I've seen a few dogs get a little rough with him at the dog park because of all his energy, but never anything close to a puncture. He also would never attempt to rough up another dog in any way. It's just extremely disappointing to go away for a week and come back to find he was clearly roughed up by an aggressive dog (possibly more than once). There were a lot of dogs in there and I don't think they have enough employees to effectively monitor for things like this on top of cleaning, bathing, feeding, and everything else that needs to be done. 4. He had a cough and runny nose. Had to get a two week dose of anti-biotics for him, which worked well and started neutralizing the cough a few days after he started taking the medicine.Brought him to the vet to make sure the bite marks would heal okay and to get the medicine. Vet told me this isn't all that uncommon when boarding, which is just a real shame. Bottom line is, if you don't board your pet with a family member or perhaps a trustworthy neighbor, I don't think you can get any peace of mind.Without going into specifics, I was also less than pleased with the interactions I had with a few other staff members. Again, the female we spoke with during our first visit absolutely sold us on the place. We like the idea of the open dog room, kennel free environment, but we just can't possibly go back to Gilbert Dogs after picking our puppy up in the condition he was in. Not necessarily angry, just very disappointed. We were both hoping we found the right place. Lots of customers seem to frequent Gilbert Dogs for doggy day care and I refuse to comment on their day care service. It might be staffed differently and customers may have a far more positive experience with it. This review is strictly based on my experience with overnight boarding.
5	The only place I trust when boarding my dog!!!Especially after the incident in Gilbert where so many neglected dogs passed away, it is important to do your research on boarding facilities! Gilbert Dogs is very professional, clean and staffed around the clock. I love the effort that is put into sending me pictures and reports so I know my German shepherd is having a good time, and it has done wonders for her socialization. Everyone knows my dog's name, even when I run into the staff outside of the facility. I have emailed them with training problems and there are always very helpful - it is good to know they are in the business because they love dogs and not out to make a quick buck. I was a little uneasy about the "kennel free" environment for many reasons - but the videos they provide of my girl put me at ease, along with how happy she is walking into the building and how exhausted she is when she gets home! The staff is trained on how to control a pack of dogs so don't think for one second they are just wildly running around. The dogs definitely have down time at the facility but she gets to play so much more than what she is used to so she is pooped! I was also assured that dogs are separated while eating :) I bring my dog here every time I go on vacation and sometimes just so she can have a play break. The staff takes great care in addressing my concerns and I love working with people who love my dog almost as much as I do!
5	I have boarded dogs with Gilbert dogs for a couple years now. I rescue dogs so they have not technically been my dogs, although if mine were not spoiled jerks I would absolutely trust Gilbert Dogs to watch them. The dogs I have helped that needed a place to go have always been welcomed at Gilbert Dogs. Not only have they kept them safe while I find a home they love them,  teach them manners and socialize them. They treat each dog as if they were their own. I have seen the owner and all the employees go above and beyond for dogs. It is not just about the money, they truly care. I see them have parties for dogs birthdays and truly mourn when one of their pack passes away. I have watched them mount search efforts for dogs lost from clients homes. I have seen them go way above and beyond for dogs in their care. Yes, the dogs can be dirty after a day there. They can have scratches from playing with the other dogs. But they will have been safe and watched over and loved.I will continue to use and to send business to these guys. I am eternally grateful to them all.
5	Gilbert Dogs is a great place for your dog to vacation while you are on holiday.  Their facility is large enough to accommodate a great mix of dogs.  They have an area for larger dogs and one for smaller dogs.  They are open 24/7 and staffed the entire time.  I put my medium size dog in the small area so he can feel like a king (he's a very easy going puggle).  My dog always is always excited to go and play with the dogs while we are away.  I know he plays A LOT, because 10 minutes into the car ride home, he is passed out.  He is as excited to go to Gilbert Dogs 24/7 as he is to come home with us.As much as I think my dog is depressed when he sees us packing up for a trip, he is the first one out the door and into the car knowing that he is going to Gilbert Dogs 24/7 for his retreat.I have been a client of Gilbert Dogs 24/7 since they opened.  I had an older dog that needed extra care (who is now in doggy heaven), and they were great with him.  I had no problem bringing my dog there.This place truly cares about dogs.  They are always friendly and willing to work with any needs or extra care, without nickel and diming you.Worth their weight in Gold!Thank you Gilbert Dogs 24/7!!
5	We just moved to AZ and feel SO lucky we found Gilbert Dogs!  They are staffed 24 hours, so you can pick your dogs up at any time!  I work odd hours and regardless of the pick-up time, I am always greeted with a friendly smile!  My dogs love it here!  Even after a traumatic coyote attack, my little dog has regained his confidence with their help!  My shy and fear-aggressive dog has calmed down and now loves to play with her new friends!  I am so grateful for everyone who works here and their help with my little ones.The fees are very reasonable, the groomer is great as well!  I highly recommend Gilbert Dogs!
5	Our two miniature schnauzers were groomed today and Melissa did a fantastic job. We will be coming back! Very friendly and personable.
5	I lost Rommel but I now have a new dog that I take here since moving back to AZ. I still love Gilbert dogs and all they do for Dottie! I wish they would open a location closer to north Phoenix since it takes me 45 minutes each way.. But it's worth the drive because I can trust that my dog is well cared for!!
