1	It took multiple visits to get a refund for double billing me. I then had to write the Better Business Bureau to get a refund for a separate rebate check. Instead of apologizing, they sent a nasty return letter stating they had already told me about the refund (they hadn't) and I was lucky to get my refund. They are truly the Kmart of Tanning Salons. Prepare to fight them for a long time if you have a problem and check your bank statements for double billing!!
1	I recently did the body wrap here. It was a horrible experience for me. I will never do one again! No one informed me that I was going to get burnt. I got burnt on my theigh, abdominal, and hip. It took 3 days to fade away, and it developed a water blister on the left side of my hip. Today you can still see the burn a little bit. Im hoping it does not scar. I called to member services to complain and they were NOT helpful at all! The girl offered to credit me a free session, I was like are you kidding me why would I want to go through this again after being burnt and terrified from it. I couldn't even put clothes on because it hurt so bad. At the time when I was getting it done I even told the girl I felt it burning and she told me it was normal. I basically got a 1-2 degree burn from this experience and all protan had to say was its normal it takes a few hours to a day to go away! NOT! This will probably leave a scar on my skin. If anyone does the body wrap I would make sure to ask all the questions before doing it.
1	This place is awful. I drive 20 miles out of my way to come to this place because they have one of the only versa spa spray tans I can find and I prefer those over mystic. Their regular prices for spray tans are completely outrageous so clearly I buy the groupon every time that is 5 tans for $35...every time I have gotten it back to back it's never been an issue. Recently bought another and when I get there after 30 mins of driving in rush hour traffic the RUDE, unfriendly employee tells me I can't use it because I've been there in the last 6 months. Some words of advice to the owner--don't do a groupon if your employees are going to roll their eyes at their customers when they try to redeem them. Also, you are clearly not making any money on your spray tans so if a customer that has been coming to you for over a year buys a groupon not knowing the new rules then let them at least get one tan if they're already there instead of turning them away. Like I said I've been driving 20 mins out of my way to come specifically to this place for the last year and now because I was treated so rudely I will never be back.
