4	Stayed two nights on business trip, and was pleasantly surprised.  Best Western down the road was my first choice, but it was full.  I read the first review for Yucca Motel mentioning the cleanliness, and that is important to me, so I tried it out.  Best Western was charging $90, and Yucca was only charging $55, so I was a little skeptical.  However, all was well.  Room (112) was very, very clean and neat.  Looked like some remodeling went on not too long ago.  Fresh paint, and new tiles on the bathroom walls and floor.  Also new bathroom fixtures (sink, toilet, soap holders, etc.)  Tiles on shower floor were older, but were clean and in good repair.  The place was being temporarily manned by a very friendly and pleasant older couple while the owner was out-of-town on business, as the older lady mentioned to me.Free high-speed Wi-Fi, mini fridge/freezer, microwave, desk, and fairly large flat-screen TV.  A/C unit was tiny (size of those kind typically mounted in windows), but surprisingly it did the job.  Was kind of loud and had to run continuously during the day, but kept the room at a pleasant temperature, and that's saying something considering it reached 113 both days I was here!Only complaint was that the drain plug was missing from the sink, so ended up using the ice bucket for applying/rinsing my contact lenses.  BTW, there is no ice machine that you can walk up to, but if you go to the front office, they will fill your ice bucket for you.  No restaurant/lobby here, but I just drove the half-block to Best Western for breakfast, so no big deal.I would stay here again if I'm ever in town again.  Met my needs, and saved $35/night compared to Best Western down the road.Update (6-12-13):  Spoke with the owner and complimented him on his motel, and mentioned the missing drain plug.  He handed me a replacement one on the spot, and mentioned that he is having some rooms measured for new carpet.
4	Modernized! Fresh microwave, mini-fridge, flat-screen TV on wall, furniture, paint, bathroom tile. Shower great: nozzle well over 6 feet high, great stream of water, warmed up nicely after a solid minute, sheets fine. Towels on the inexpensive end; sheets fine. Power outlets are three-prong. Wi-fi generated strong signal and throughput was sufficient for light online gaming. Staff quite friendly even with post-11pm arrival. Pool available yet not heated in winter. Parking lot freshly paved. Most significant issue would be room's aroma on entry; left the fan running to clear it out. Two chairs and two nightstands in double-bed room: good for a couple. AAA discount. HBO channel. Train rumble was not on issue; windows didn't rattle and the track is a little further away than it is from some hotels here.
5	This was much more than we expected to find in this motel. We stopped here because the best western was more than we wanted to pay and we were extremey pleasantly surprised. The owners were so nice and accommodating and the room was very cheap. Everything about the room was nice... Nice tv, nice renovations, VERY nice bathroom. Would definitely recommend staying here
4	There is nothing wrong with the Yucca Motel. Flat screen TV with HBO, fridge/microwave, remodeled, pool. Yes, it's a curry house, and the wifi password is "sitaradha" but they all are exceptfor the pricey elegance of the Best Western Space Age Lodge down the street. For half the price ($61.75 with tax ) you can stay at the Yucca which is recently remodeled, very clean, and has all the amenities and a pool. You could do far worse in remote, desolate Gila Bend.
4	We will stay here again when we come through.  They were professional and friendly, it was clean and comfortable.  Great place to lay your head for a night.
4	I was trying to drive from Nogales to Yuma one night a while back when I pulled into Gila Bend at midnight and decided I was too damn tired to go any farther. The temperature gauge at the Yucca Motel noted it was 104 degrees. The hotel is decent for what you pay. It is the drop dead cheapest place in Gila Bend, and it is 1/2 the price of the Space Age Best Western. Everything was clean, but there is no air conditioning in the tiny, tiny bathroom. The room was incredibly small, and I felt like I was in a trailer or mobile home because of the interior decor. But then again for $60 or so, what would one expect.
