5	Atmosphere A+Service A+Food A++This neighborhood bar/eating establishment is one of a kind! The food is AMAZING! I dare anyone to try to come close! This will easily become a neighborhood favorite, very quickly. I highly reccomend the Thunderbird Roadhouse!
4	Good atmosphere, good burgers, great service. Would definitely come again.
5	I went last friday and dave was our bartender. Very friendly and welcoming service. He introduced us to the other customers and i have never seen or experienced that situation. The food was absolutely good grub, everything is made fresh and from scratch. I ordered the chicken strip & back eye peas entre that was similiar to a hush puppy but no comparison to TRBG. Just a great atmsophere,food,drinks and the entertainment the bar offers. Mondayz are poppin' too it gets crazy so I'm told. CHECK 'EM OUT.
4	This bar & restaurant used to be Callahan's. It is now Thunderbird Roadhouse. This place is completely renovated with nice bar seats, booths, and tables. It is light and bright. The food is really good. They have 1/2 off select appetizers during happy hour. The food ends up being really cheap. They specialize in comfort food. Their black eyed pea fritters are addictive. Their 1/2 off chicken strip basket is very good. The drinks are cheap. FYI - if you're a student and/or can show a college i.d., you get 1/2 off drinks ALL THE TIME!!  The people sitting around the bar are very friendly, so if you go there alone, you can easily talk to everyone at the bar. There's also a big crate of peanuts when you walk in. They are free and you can take as many as you want. This is a good place for quality, different, and really good food.
4	Monday night drinks with Jim B.. total chill place, great service, great owners. If you have questions about the beers, just ask the owner. He was very knowledgeable and enjoyed talking about them. They appear to cater to bikers of all kinds, street, cruisers and HD types, but did not mind a couple of new faces. The food looks killer and the prices are right on. There is a pool table, free pnuts and tvs. Check out the Local Brewery tasting days too. I think it was Wednesdays.
2	My wife and I went to the Roadhouse with high expectations after reading the reviews from other yelpers.  Unfortunately, our experience was did not meet the more positive experiences of the other posters.  I had a burrito and my wife had the chicken fingers...neither stood out and actually were rather pedestrian.  The chicken fingers were overly seasoned with rosemary I think and the burrito was simply bland.  I do think the drinks were more than reasonable as we were there for happy hour.  I would go back and give them a second try, but my wife said she wouldnt be accompaning me.....so...Roadhouse, I may be back..but flying solo.  Hope the next trip is a better experience.
5	I have now been here twice and both times were excellent.  1st trip there I had probably the best chicken strips I have ever had at a bar.  The owner/chef was kind enough to spend some time at our table to "school" me on the different types of micro brews that were available.  Very helpful.  Second time there I had the steak sandwich and once again was not disappointed.  Not your typical bar food.  They also have live music and beer tasting on thursdays.
2	I had a Groupon and was first told that it wasn't good for happy hour peices. Service was good, but the food was meteocre. The chili and corn cakes disappointed me becuase over the overall blandness. The side salad was miniscule but tasty. The onion rings were really good, but not enough to make me go back.
3	Sweet little neighborhood/biker bar. Friendly staff, great drinks.Pretty good selection of food. I have had better burgers, but the next time I go in, I will try something else. Great place to hang out though!
4	Very cool dive bar, has a great selection of better than bar food fare. If you like the weird brews the owner will sometimes slide up a chair between orders and school you on them.
4	Best chicken friend steak I have had in a long time.  Huge slab with outstanding breading and gravy.  Mashed potatoes were also top notch, but mac-and-cheese was too stiff and not cheesy enough despite the server's endorsement.  Draft beer selection is limited to mostly domestic brews, but they do have Lagunitas IPA on draft, one of my favorites, so I was pleased.  Happy hour offerings need to be re-tooled.  Only "select" appetizers are on special including chicken strips (I can get those at any fast food place) and a few other selections NOT including hot wings, which are overpriced - something in the range of $11 for a dozen - really?  I don't care how good they might be, that's too much by at least $3, so I was disappointed not to try them.  My 4-star rating is for the great CFS and Lagunitas on draft, so this place is a good neighborhood dinner option that may earn a repeat visit sometime, but don't bother for happy hour.
1	This Michael S. on here keeps posting pasted reviews.  This place is not good.  Actually kind of a dumpy place.  Most of the staff are rude as well as the owners.  My opinion I thought some of the bartenders and other staff were under the influence of narcotics.  I cannot wait for a new place to push them out.  Food was nothing to brag about.  This place is no more than just a seedy place when you want to go slumming.
1	Actually Michael S. this is a real post and you never asked us to leave.  I do not review but found it necessary after visiting this place, as I was so taken aback by the rudeness of most of the staff.  Also, if you are worried about people having a grudge against you maybe you should lead a better life and treat people better.  I am not paranoid about grudges as I treat people with respect.Neato!!  The owner actually wanted us to come back to ask him personally for a refund!!!  Um... I think not, unstable much?
3	I had a Groupon I picked up for this place only because it was close to where I live.  Since it's a neighborhood bar I wasn't expecting much in the way of food but I was pleasantly surprised.  I had the ground beef/spiced pork burger with a side of their mac & cheese.  Both were excellent.  The spiced pork added just enough bite to the burger to make it interesting without burning this white boys tonsils out.  The mac & cheese had a little bacon which gave it a nice smokey flavor.  My woman had the pulled pork sandwich with a side of slaw and said both were on par with D*l*l*ns.  The brownie & ice cream both tasted home made.  Now I'm not saying any of this was haute cuisine or even outstanding.  It's not, but it is a big step above just about every other divey hole-in-the-wall I've tried.  Fresh food made on site makes the difference.  The one disappointment was extremely slow service.  They seemed to be somewhat short staffed.  All in all, this is what every neighborhood bar could be with a little effort.  We'll be back.
1	This place is disgusting. It's dirty. The food is greasy, and the staff is quite sleazy.
3	started out great but the last time we were there i had a por boy sandwich and the shrimp wasn't done!!! gross! and had better service in the past.  try it again soon but was better in the beginning!
1	Went there with a friend one sat night because it looked nice from outside. Only a few customers yet the bartender couldn't seem to walk over so we could order drinks. She seemed like maybe she had been knocking back a few herself and was totally loopy/snobby. One staff member was actually trying to help us close our tab and he was just learning and very friendly, but the female bartender came over and acted like a complete tool and took over. I'd NEVER go back.
3	Pretty laid back bar.  I like it cause it's pretty close to my house.  Being able to listen to live blues/rock/swing is a major draw for me.  It's a no fuss kinda neighborhood bar with a good selection of craft beers always at a reasonable price.   When they first opened I noticed the food portions to be a lot larger, and through the span I've been going they get smaller and smaller.  Went in for the fish fry on Friday night, and to see a local band.  Fish was catfish and pretty fishy, don't think I'll order that again, but that's just my personal preference.  I've had the po boy shrimp sandwich before and it was pretty good.  I've read other comments on here about the staff being mean to them.  I've never had any issues and have always been treated very well by everyone.  Also I expect it to be loud.. come on it's a Roadhouse, I wouldn't expect anything less then blaring music and people.  I also love the remodel, before they didn't have a stage for the band, now they do and it's a lot better layout.  I even noticed a dance floor...
4	My partner and I ordered the Fish dinner. I enjoyed the flavor of the fried fish. The sweet potato tots went very well with the Fish.The Pecan pie is wonderful. Could have used some whipped cream but tasted so great.I did wonder why the iced tea seemed so weak. I thought I was drinking water for half the glass. We were able to watch most of the baseball game. Made the atmosphere very agreeable.We will return for a dinner again.
5	Finally, I checked this place out. Afterall, its only a mile from my house !I took my wife here last night for Mother's Day.  We wanted a chill place to hangout and just enjoy eachother's company.On this night, they had a live band, not sure what kind of music they were playing, but it was good music and we really enjoyed it.All the patrons seemed to be having a good time.  The place has been remodeled since they originally opened.  Bud bottles and drafts were only $2.74.  The wife had the tender brisket sandwich and steak fries.  I had the bacon cheeseburger with a side of potatoe salad and then we both shared a decent strawberry cheesecake.Thunderbird Roadhouse is a decent place to hangout and enjoy a beer or a quick meal.  They have one pool table.  One dart board and I believe an arcade game.  The place was nice and clean.  They had I believe 4-5 tv's.Our server made sure we were taken care of and checked on us frequently.I will definetly be back when I just want to chill and relax.The best part about Thunderbird Roadhouse is that their prices are reasonable and their food is delicious !
5	OK, lemme tell ya the lowdown on The Roadhouse. I've been going there for about 6 months now whenever I'm in town. I love this "Neighborhood Joint!" Mike and Angie, the new owners, have put quite a lot of $$ and effort into the renovation from the previous place. The food is extremely good, much better than "bar" food, quite a step above. The selection of beers is very good, especially craft beers. Tuesday night is craft beer night! The prices are super reasonable too. Are you going to get a $.01 drink special? No, it's not that kinda place. Who wants to go to that kinda place except young kids looking to get trashed anyhow? They usually have live music playing, which I find to be better than any jukebox. Have complaints about the selection on the jukebox? Then come on Wednesdays when it's open mic night and do your own thing! Lol...Mike the owner is quite a character. If ya look at him right off the bat, you might take him for grumpy or whatever. Let me tell ya, he's a hell of a nice guy. HE JUST LOOKS THAT WAY! Lol...Many people say they were scared of me when they first met me, but then they know it's just how I look sometimes. People that are nice to me I'm ten times nice back, and that's how Big Mike is. Just go and give him a big hug. He'll squeeze the life outta ya, but not before you pay your tab! Angie his wife is a sweetie pie also. By the end of the day, I'm sure they're exhausted from the hard work they put in! They are there from early in the day. If you're a jerk, well, let's just say you probably won;t be coming back there again...lol. Everyone that comes to the place is friendly, easy to talk to and likes to have fun.Mike made a great choice in David, his head bartender who is almost always behind the bar. He's very friendly, does a fantastic job behind the bar and always gives great suggestions on drinks and food choices. He's from Boston, but I won't hold that against him since I'm from The Bronx. I consider him a great guy since he's not douchy like most Bostonians I've met...lol. Just teasing. Seriously, sit at the bar, sometimes there's some real characters, but you'll always leave with a smile on your face (whether it's from the people, the food or the six drinks you just had).The girls that work the place are also very attentive, give great service and always have good suggestions. And they do great group parties there too. I always see big groups coming in for birthdays and such, seated in the restaurant having a blast. If you need food to be catered, talk to Mike. I'm pretty sure he does that too. If you haven't been there, go with a couple of friends, or make new ones there. You won't be disappointed. Tell them Gino sent ya. As the old saying goes: It won't get you a free drink, but it'll be better than a kick in the ass. ~Gino
2	we went here on a tuesday night, and it was pretty much dead. the food was underwhelming. and they were very inflexible about any substitutions. also. the server seems like she was afraid to ask the chef/owner about altering the menu. she keeps looking at him nervously. that seemed odd. the jukebox policy is also very strange. on a positive note, the interior has been nicely renovated. but we won't be back.
3	I live nearby and wanted to take my boyfriend somewhere close so that we wouldn't have to drive far when we'd had a few drinks. I was the designated driver that night and when he walked in (after he'd had a few cocktails at my house & never set foot in the roadhouse before), he said "hey, everybody!" and the bartender said hello like she knew him. It was hilarious.  I have bought good cigars there and enjoyed good food, good conversation across the bar, reasonably priced drinks, and will definitely go back. It's a great, low-key neighborhood bar where you can throw your peanut shells on the floor and listen to classic rock by Led Zep & it beats the hell out of the two other local bars whose names both begin with "P", which are both gross in my opinion (the type of bars that you can expect to see people in wheelchairs, with few teeth, slurring their words by noon after having arrived at 8:30am)...I just wish the owner was more approachable, it would make a HUGE difference in how often I frequent the place & whether I take friends there, I feel like I have to prep them that the owner is not very personable but otherwise the place is great...
4	Quiet Sunday thought I would check TR out for lunch.  I keep reading great things about the food.  Introduced myself to the bartender and Owner's girlfriend.  Followed  lunch recommendation of Shrimp poorboy and sweet potato tots.  Delicious.  Plan to go back for the food, live music and drinks.  New neighborhood hangout.  Thanks ladies for being so friendly.
4	Thunderbird is a bar/restaurant that not only had hot tasty food at a great price but a more outback bar setting.      The other reviews make Thunderbird come off as more of a biker bar, but the reality is that Tunderbird Roadhouse is a quality restaurant e.g. Four Peaks, Chilies, or Texas Roadhouse. However, this reality is over looked by the "know one 21 and younger after 10" when Thunderbird becomes a full on bar.     It is what it is. If I wanted to eat lunch service again I would call it in so I could eat great food and enjoy the rest of my lunch break. Furthermore, if I wanted to goto a cool bar I would go after 10pm to enjoy the decor and hear live music. I will go back for dinner.
2	Not good.  Went back on a Thursday's Ladies night.  Muscle bound bar tender.  Didn't like his vibe at all.  Terrible food.  Won't be back.  Workers can make or break a place.  Suggest owner mystery shop the days he isn't working.
5	I LOVE this place! Great burgers, a huge selection of beers on tap.... their fish tacos are great too. I just wish I lived closer....oh, and fantastic music venue.
2	I did like this place until we set for 30 minutes and no service, now I know why it's never crowded.
4	Enjoyed a good steak dinner. Highly enjoyed the Sweet potato tots. I had so much fun playing pinball. I am glad you offered Pear Cider, a gluten free beverage.
1	FINALLY!!!!  Was driving through that side of town yesterday and what did I see?  No more Thunderbird Roadhouse.  The building is empty with available signs in the window.  It sure makes me happy to see this place out of business.  Doors are closed.  HAHA.  Ding Dong the wicked witch is gone!!!!  Good riddance.  What a dump.  I am surprised it took this long.  This is called KARMA, Michael S.  Now you may listen to whatever music YOU want, in the privacy of your home and think about what never was.
4	Love the Shrimp Poboy and it's always an interesting atmosphere. I really wish this was more of a Sports Bar though. Seriously with the amazing menu that they have I would love if it was a place I could sit and watch a game.
