4	The guys were very good to me and my best friend.  We were getting matching tattoos.  Even though the tattoo was little and was nothing amazing, they did a great job.  Jay even took a pic for us!  Thanks for getting us right in and being friendly.  We had a great time!  Thanks :)
5	Awesome work, great eye for detail. Best artist you can find in town. Amazing work and great with color. Highly recommended.
5	I visited this shop after seeing a friends work from here.  I must admit, I was hesitant when I first walked in, the artists are very young and that does lead to an atmosphere that is also a little young.  I am not in my twenties so maybe I view businesses different these days.  However, they were very welcoming, which is a nice change.  Sometimes tattoo shops can make you feel like you are inconveniencing them for having walked through the door, that was not the case.  The place is very clean, and that is not just an eye appeal preference, it is imperative for safety in my opinion.  At the end of the day what I care about most is the actual work.  Dominic did a GREAT job on my piece, I have gotten several compliments on the quality.  Plus, the prices are very reasonable in my opinion.  I would not hesitate in the least to go back or to refer other people here.
5	As soon as you walk in the door, everyone is cool and friendly. I've been to many shops where you walk in and the guys act as if you're disturbing them. Not these guys. Alfonso did a cover up job for me and knocked it out!  The detail and shading is top notch.  I'll be back very soon to complete my sleeve.
5	My husband has been going to this shop for a while and has been seeing Alfonso.The cool thing about this place is everyone has their different talents and specialties. My husand sees Alfonso, because he specializes in black and grey. I was always so jealous when he got home cus his tattoos look great. I have gone in the shop with him many times and all the employees are super cool and welcoming. I have been tattooed many times, and most of the shops I have walked in to have this unwelcoming atmosphere, and the guys working there usually have this "Im too cool" attitude. Here, everyone is just relaxed and make you feel welcome. They have an xbox in the waiting area, and some small retail items. At any given point, one of the artists are going to get food, and they always offer to get you something if you are hungry. I went in today to get my first tattoo in about 2 years from Joelle. I picked her based off her traditional tattooing style, and I was VERY impressed. She is easy to talk to, and makes sure the tattoo is what you want before getting you started. She let me take breaks when I needed it and also was very reasonable on price!! Michael, the owner is also really nice, and super funny. Every time I have been in there, he is in a good mood, talks to everyone, and if you are lucky he will pull out his guitar and walk around the shop singing (which he does very well) I would fully recommend this shop to anyone who is looking for a new shop/artist. Oh, also they are very clean. That is always the most important thing to look for in a tattoo shop.
