4	When I was a student not too long ago, I would always stop at Top Notch to pick up my art supplies before going anywhere else.  Top Notch Art Centre is a small fine art supplies store with most of the standard art supplies (and more) that you could ask for, especially for drawing and painting.  They also do custom framing and have some art prints for sale.In truth there were a couple times that I couldn't find some supplies I needed, but that didn't matter.  While the sales associates were helpful and friendly, the main reason I kept coming back to the store was because of their unbeatable back to school/start of the term sales.After the start of the fall and spring terms, Top Notch has a 40% off everything sale.  One year, it lasted a week or two... another year it was over a few weekends.  Be on the lookout for flyers around campus (especially in the art buildings) that advertise these sales.  Also, if you happen to miss the 40% off sale, you can save 20% off your total purchase everyday if you're a student.  (I had a little card that I kept on my keyring.)  The semester I took a drawing class, I bought a large portfolio bag... the original price was around $40.  I also picked up all sorts of pencils, paper pad(s) and miscellaneous art supplies that day.  Guess what?  I ended up paying only $40 and getting all of the pencils, paper and supplies for FREE because of the 40% off sale!!!  If that's not cool, I don't know what is.Oh yeah and even if you don't go during the back to school sale or if you aren't a student and can't get that 20% discount, Top Notch has some pretty good prices and lots of things on sale/clearance all the time anyway!
1	I signed up for Yelp today just to give this review.  That is how miffed I am about my experience at this store.This place completely sucks.They have a very poor selection of art supplies and they are overpriced.I went in today to ask about framing prices, and the staff person was a complete jerk to me. She was not helpful in the least, would not give me any information at all, and was completely unfriendly and lazy. I will NEVER go this store again. I hope they go out of business. If they treat their customers this way, they should expect to.Go to Artist and Craftsman Supply on Wightman instead and support a small business that is actually run by good people who are helpful and knowledgeable.  Don't go to Top Notch.  Ever.
1	I am a professional artist. Every time I have been in this store, 4 times total, I thought I was completely inconveniencing them. A few times I had a question about a new project and supplies, other times I knew exactly what I needed and could get in and out. The second to last time I was told they were closing in 5 minutes and I could not shop. I needed 2 things and would have been out of the store in 4 minutes. The staff is not friendly AT ALL. Its a shame, it is a cool space that could really have a great vibe instead of poor lighting and a horrible attitude!
5	It's a shame one of the other reviewers had a poor experience at Top Notch, but I've been shopping there fairly frequently in the past year and I've always had a pleasant experience. I'll admit that I don't shop around too much for art supply prices, but I can say with confidence that the majority (if not all) of their items are more affordable than what you'd find at a university book store, especially considering that they have a huge sale at the beginning of each semester as well as a year-round student discount. In my experience, they have a wider variety of products as well, at varying price points, just in case you can't afford top of the line, professional quality supplies. I've always been able to find everything I need there and the staff is friendly and helpful. The fact that it is within walking distance from my campus is a HUGE plus.
3	Top Notch is an ok art store in the heart of Craig Street in Oakland. They specialize in art and craft supplies as well as in framing. Their art supply selection is ok, but expensive and not comprehensive. The layout and vibe of the store is kind of awkward: skinny aisles with too-tall shelves and bad yellow fluorescent lighting. This is mostly good in a pinch if you need something basic.
3	I got some print-making supplies on a Groupon.  I thought the staff person seemed nice and helpful enough.  I can't speak for the other sections, but they had a good selection of linoleum blocks and inks for print-making.  My main complaint is that the prices in-store didn't match the discounted prices shown on their website.  Maybe this is too much griping since I did have a discount already, but it was rather confusing after seeing the online prices.  On the plus side, they do offer a student discount (I think I heard 20-ish percent) as well as having other big sales during the year (usually there's a sign out front), so I'll probably continue buying supplies from them.
