1	I purchased a bedroom set and living room set from Ashley at the beginning of October.  My first sign of a problem should have been the salesperson.  When my first introduction to someone is "Hi I'm Sally from Green Valley" I probably should have ran.  I was told that it would be three weeks which was fine.  Delivery was where the problem had started.  They assembled my dresser and of course didn't have the screws to attach the handles to the dresser and said that they would order the correct screws, also a pillow for a sofa I ordered arrived ripped.  They managed to send the pillow UPS and I received it in 2 days.  I called on Friday and they sent the screws via US Mail, I could expect them in another week.  The next week the screws had arrived and after calling I was told that I would have to wait another two weeks to get the correct parts.  Thanks Ashley, I have a 1000 dollar piece of furniture that does a great job of holding my keys and wallets and little else.
3	Me and my fella are in need of a new sofa and we headed to every furniture store I could think of. This place is nothing to write home about. One of the lesser Ashley stores I've been in. The selection wasn't amazing, but they have a good amount of discounted merchandise, which is a plus. The layout of the store is a little shabby. I think a few more decorative details would do wonders. I probably wouldn't make another trip all the way to that side of town, but it's good if you're in the area.
1	Relocating  across the US, I needed to purchase $1,000's worth of furniture. I've purchased Ashley Furniture before and was a happy customer. The Mall Ring Circle, Henderson, NV store is a disgrace to the Ashley Name.On my initial visit to the Mall Ring Circle Store, I was ignored by a group of 3 salespersons who all watched me enter the store and who jumped to help the couple entering immediately after me. I had taken a bus and  walked to the Ashley store and was wearing jeans and sneakers, but dressed nicely.  I found I needed help and asked for help at the Customer Service Area. The first assigned salesperson was condescending, not interested in helping me and disappeared right away. I returned to Customer Service to ask for help and was again assigned a salesperson. He was OK.I received my furniture today. The Mall Ring Circle, Henderson, NV delivered 4  damaged pieces of furniture. The wooden kitchen table is scratched. A glob of glue is bubbled and dripped on the outside of one of the wooden dressers - a repair had been poorly done prior to my receipt of the dresser. The wooden headboard is cracked and peeling. The livingroom cocktail "lift" table has a cracked shelf. I sent the headboard and the cocktail lift table back.. I was told a tech will come to fix the scratched kitchen table. I didn't see the glue mess until cleaning the dresser after the men left, or that dresser would have been returned. The men had set the "glue" side against a wall. I'll be calling the store tomorrow.The delivery was disappointing but to make matters worse, when I told the delivery men that the damaged furniture was unacceptable and I needed to call the store, one of the delivery men repeatedly complained that he had "children to pick up at school" (it was 11:30 am) and that they would get in trouble for being late on their deliveries if I took the time to call. The other delivery man was polite, but tried to make excuses about the damaged furniture, intending that I would keep the damaaged items. This Ashley Furniture visit and delivery is very disappointing from start to finish....however, weeks after ordering the furniture, ithe delivery isn't finished. I won't purchase from Ashley Furniture again.
3	Nothing against this specific furniture store but I just hate when people maul you as you walk in the door.  I completely disagree with the fact that someone gets a commission off of me because they happened to be at the front door when I walked in.  How about a list of questions?  Favorite movie, song, food?  Go.  Sorry, don't like you.  Next.  Anyway, we have a set of living room furniture (couch, loveseat, end tables, coffee table) from Ashley that we have loved for the past 4 years.  It's worked well, was a nice price, and it's still comfortable.  However, my wife wanted to upgrade to leather so we stopped on it.  We were hounded by some guy named Herb or Bill or Clyde or something.  We left.  We decided to come back the next week and were lucky enough to get a sweet old lady, let's call her Flo, who was lucky enough to be at the front door when we walked in.  We bought a leather sectional and it was fairly cheap.  I didn't feel bad that Flo got the commission because she was nice.
4	Had our bedroom set a few months now and have been back to Ashley several times to purchase other items. Decent quality merchandise, great customer service and good pricing especially during holiday sales... Actually any weekend because there is always a sale going on.
2	This store is okay, I wouldn't call my experience with Ashley Furniture spectacular, just satisfactory. First off, it's true... they do hound you as soon as you walk in the door..... and if you're working with another salesperson, they literally want nothing to do with you. I understand they want to be fair to their co-worker and not waste their own time since they have quotas to meet, but it makes for terrible customer service!I needed assistance TWICE in this store from ANYONE and they wouldn't help- The first time I wanted to see how much light a table lamp gave off. A gentleman stopped to help us he first asked who our salesperson was and when he heard we were working with someone else (prior, btw), he said to "go find her and ask her for help"! All I needed was a lightbulb and I actually ended up taking one from another lamp (and burned my hand in the process... so, thanks!!) The second time this happened, the recliners weren't yet plugged in when we arrived at the store. A different sales guy, who attacked us as soon as we walked through the door and insisted on following us even though we knew what part of the store to head to.... once he heard that we were working with this same saleslady he actually told us that she can just as easily page the people who plug everything in and he walked away!!! Stopped right in his tracks and didn't want to waste another precious minute on us! Wow!The prices can be outrageous- $200+ for ONE bedside lamp. I saw decorative pillows that *started* at $50. The sales are NOT at all worth it. The price you see on the furniture is never the actual price anyone pays... it's sort of just there to make you feel like you're getting a great deal. The sale we caught ("50% off"/supposed employee pricing) honestly brought the piece down to the price it should have always been. I stuck with them because they were the only ones who had exactly what we were looking for. That's pretty much the only reason. We ordered a love seat and so far, so good! This store is worth a look around... but be warned, the salespeople are worse than those at car dealerships.
1	This was my second visit to this store in the last 10 years. The furniture is actually not bad, but the sales people drive me insane. I will never buy anything in this store. Well, actually I'll never go there again. My first visit involved me walking around looking while a sales person slowly lagged behind me. I'd run to one side of the store and think that I was rid of her, and turn my head and there she was. The exact same thing happened today. My partner and I started playing cat and mouse and she fell for it. It was really quite comical. We ended up running out of the store to see if she would beat us to the front. We won, but barely. After announcing when I first walked in that I was just there looking and did not need assistance, that should have been enough of a message for them to LEAVE US ALONE! Well it wasn't, but it was enough for me to get the message to LEAVE THEM ALONE!
2	PART ONE: As of now I will say I give it two stars this is a on going review so have a seat. This is gonna take a while!I went in store last Thursday with the husband. He asks to see home movie chairs the staff member told us his name is Danny and we can follow him. We follow him to the back of the store where he tells us I will show u online...blah blah blah.... So I ask excuse me are the chairs in store? Well no they are not. Well, allow me to ask you why you walked us to the back of the store if you have nothing to showcase in person. Well if you shut up and let me talk...I looked at my husband then looked at Danny. Then I had to ask my husband did he say if I shut up...Ok that is disrespectful so I took my husband by the hand and walked away. I walked up to the front where other staff are sitting on chairs like they at home just relaxing doing nothing on the clock...just looking stupid. Excuse me who is the manager? Oh is something wrong yes it is I tell him what just happen...Im Rodney he says and I will be more than happy to help you guys out. Wonderful I say. Now the other staff named Danny runs up and stands next to Rodney and yells he going to tell you the same thing I told you. blah blah blah just yelling and he is not in control of his feelings almost as if he needs some meds to relax him. I told him after his very unprofessional rant...Look Danny is it? You can just excuse yourself because I wont be doing business of any kind with you. Please know that I am a adult and I don't show child like behavior and I never throw temper tantrums of any kind...With that being said I don't talk to other adults who showcase child like behavior and throw temper tantrums. You had your strike one when you told me to shut up. And Im willing to write it off with your having a bad day but if you don't get out of my face Your going to find yourself having the worst day of your life. The husband decides to step up and when he talks I just decide to say NOTHING else. I was very angry at this point I cant tell you what the husband said to the young minded Danny but we walked off with Rodney who walked us all over the store and I picked out this and that and decided to return the following day. I like Rodney he's professional, funny and knows a lot about what I like. Everything he showed us made the husband know he would be spending his money here.  PART TWO:Upon Friday we went to a few other stores. And I told the husband I liked that stuff I seen at Ashleys so lets go back. He was a little worried about the Danny guy but as I told him...I'm busy nesting in our new home. And that's what I have him for to protect me and if I want something and its in his reach he should make it happen for me. The husband wanted to know if I wanted to visit a different location. My answer was NO because I seen what I wanted and I was going back for it. Now the Danny guy wont be a issue for me because I'm going to see Mr. Rodney and to me Danny is nothing but a on looker at this point. So once inside the store Danny is standing doing nothing. I speak to all the staff in my pure southern down home voice. Hey how yall doing today? One Staff stood up very quickly and said in a shake E voice Good afternoon your here to see Rodney? I will page him for you. i smiled and said yes...Thank you and I walked off...into the store and started to point at things and the husband took pictures so he could do all the talking to Rodney I can only assume. Rodney came a few moments later. Oh your back Derrick and what was your name again? I smiled and said my name is Money leaving out the door because you cant recall my name. lol  It's Samantha and I shook his hand. The husband looked at his phone and told Rodney what I wanted and soon paperwork was given to us to sign. One chair I picked out I wanted pillows to match and the 2nd problem began. Rodney said sure we can do that for you. You can get the chair and order the pillows that u want. But the lady in the back office was moody and just mean. Ugh if that chair was not so cute at this point I swear I would leave and never come back. They stood right in front of us and had a convo about us. Why would Rodney allow them to special order a chair and pillows blah blah blah this will mess the system up blah blah blah. Now yes I want to leave but I want what I want and no one will keep me from it. So they decide well if they want it let them do the foot work. I told the husband foot work is ok God helps those who help themself. So the old grumpy lady hands me a paper with a number she says call this number order this with this number and come back tomorrow and pay here. I reply yes Maam. Now I wanted to say to her aint that your job? But its ok I am not to proud to make a few phone calls in order to have what I want. As we leave the store I tell Rodney I will see him tomorrow. And thank you so much for all your Help. He was like Im just glad I saved you as a customer.
3	This is my update: I give it 3 starsI had a manager contact me not to long ago his name is Timothy. He was polite and very upset as I am about the way I was treated in his store. He also offered me a discount should I come back and shop. Their is no dout that he took my last review as personal as I did. He offered me to come back and shop and assured me that this kind of treatment that I had to suffer thru would NEVER happen again. In my eyes Mr. Tim is a professional manager who cares about his clients. I have some things I need to clear up first off I got the sales person name wrong who helped me and to Rodney who's real name is Randall Tolliver I would like to say I'm so sorry. I know how important it is to get ones name correct. Never will I call you Rodney I will call you by your name Randall. Because of the temperament of Mr.Timothy and Mr.Randall I will be shopping at Ashley Furniture HomeStore ASAP. As I said before Danny was having a bad day we all have had them and I wish him the best of luck on the sales floor.
1	PEOPLE DON'T SHOP HERE EVER IN LIFE. Let me lend you my expert advice just walk on by. Better yet drive on by this location.  The people who answer the phones are dumb as rocks yes Cynthia is the worst person to ever answer a phone. For the life of me I kidd you not people she is as clueless as she is useless. And to put the cherry on top she got the nerve to get cocky and have a attitude with the customer. She answer the phone like she at home on her off day and how damn dare you call her while she watching the young and restless.      I simply cant measure my anger. I have been pushed so far with this company I can only wish I was not so sick I would stand outside with a sign and yell DON'T SHOP HERE.  I CANT for the life of me get you a full understanding of the quackery that goes on in this store. These sad people give new meaning to when the Cat is away...the little mice WILL play. Now yes I have spoken to Timothy the manager and he is always understanding. But let me make myself clear the store cant always run correct because should Timothy not be in store we the customers are just left at the mercy of the tweedle dee and tweedle dums that were hired in this store by Timothy the manager. Now I was all for making excuses for the lazy people who are employed at this location but no more will I. Because the way I get treated is enough to call my local news station and have these morons checked out. These low life people cant be honest to good citizens who are employed they must be some kind of rejects and freshly prison released. I cant see why Timothy has hired these useless people to start with.  I hold him responsible and very much so accountable for the disrespect I have had to endure. The people hired by Timothy are product of him. As each and every Good manager knows. Birds of a feather sure do flock together. I cant wait till I'm done doing business with these morons. I will leave them to the husband because if I go back in their Like Ronald Isley (contagious) I will catch a case.
1	I regret coming here.  I had really wish I went somewhere else.  I purchased a new home and was sooo excited to furnish it.  I was headed down to RC Wily but my mom suggested to stop by Ashely.  They had a Easter sale.  Easter was March 31st.  It is May 19 and I just received a call that there is a second delay on my furniture!  So far, I have pushed my house warming party twice now because I can't have a party with no dining room table and chairs.  I've requested two days off of work because of EXPECTED delivery dates that never happened.  They have made my dream of having a new home a NIGHTMARE.  If you're willing to wait 2 months for your furniture then by all means shop here.  2 months for just a dining set, chairs, and a buffet table is totally unacceptable.  I just thank God I had purchased my living room sets, bedroom sets, and furniture for my loft at Walker.  Otherwise my family would have been sleeping on the floor for two months!  So to everyone to reads this, save your time and shop somewhere else.  So not worth the aggravation!
5	Joe is the best!! Very helpful and nice.. just bought a sectional should have it delivered in a few weeks (:
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would.  The absolute worst experience of customer care in my life.  I know lately customer service is dying-but this store truly has NONE, which is apparent from the attitude given by every customer service representative you deal with and the lack of deadlines met.  After 2 months of dealing w/ Ashley furniture's incompetence, I am done forever and will never return.  Incompetence, lack of concern and professionalism.  After the first delivery was damaged, the next two attempted to delivery a $2000 dining set that was the wrong color-funny how the table only has 1 color scheme though!  Relentless problems w/ customer service: them telling me it was the lighting in my home-after pictures were sent to confirm they acknowledged the table was in fact the wrong color but the chairs "should be ok"... again, photos sent to confirm chairs were the same color as table=WRONG COLOR, "oh yah they're wrong too, we'll order new chairs."  Call to confirm both table and chairs were ordered, NOPE-manager Stephanie full of excuses as to why the chairs weren't ordered despite HER begging me to give Ashley furniture another chance, "it's in a manager's hands now so I'll make sure it's done right"  Too bad Stephanie doesn't know what she's doing: she calls one day to say the delivery will be delayed, then calls 2 days later to say original delivery date and when I return call to see WHICH delivery date it would be since she contradicted herself, she says "I said that??" HAHAHAH.  Two weeks between each attempted delivery date (and there were 3) apparently was good customer service according to Stephanie who told me twice, "what's the big deal, it's not like you don't have a table already to use?"  Well, when you actually work and are given a 4-hr window EACH time the WRONG table is to be delivered, that's some time off work to recieve an incorrect product you didnt order.  And BTW, each time something is ordered, changed, looked into or attempted to schedule a deliver, it takes 48-72 hours to even process before you have an answer.When we finally were exhausted w/ excuses and just wanted our money back, Stephanie told us we'd have to go to the store we purchased it from b/c customer service doesn't deal w/ that-WELL, that's news to me that customer service doesn't deal w/ returns!  No problem-we go to the store and speak w/ Leanna who seems eager to help and was pretty much the only person that ACTUALLY  DID something; unfortunately after she gives you her card and the "call w/ questions" gimmic, your calls will be screened and met w/ attitude from her assistant Cynthia, so you'll never actually get to talk to Leanna.  After 3 more weeks and multiple deadlines not met as to when we were promised our refund, the ordeal is finally over with.I've learned thanks to managers telling me they'll have to "see" if the items can be refunded, despite the brochure saying "if you would like to return your furniture for any reason, it's not a problem at Ashley furniture Homestores.....", that each store is independantly owned and operated, there is no corporate office, so everything is at the discretion of SOMEONE ELSE.Trying to furnish a new home and with a large budget to spend-congratulations RC Willey-despite your higher prices, you will and have received the remainder of my business.  Their customer service is FANTASTIC!  Big Jason--you were great, you should think about changing companies though!
5	Buying the furniture was easy enough. We found the bed set that my husband and I were looking for and purchased it.  It took a total of 15 min and was delivered on the date that I had appointed.Delivery- between 8 - 12pmDelivery arrived at 7:40am and was done within 15 min.  However there was a piece missing and my bed set could not be assembled.  Our delivery drivers had us sign and told me that customer service wold be contacting me in 24 hours for the missing part and a set -up time.About a day and a half later:  I CALLED customer service on the pamphlet and am told that this was the floor number not customer service and that I would have to call another number.  Call that number and tell them and when I ask for my fee to be refunded for delivery am told that it was delivered and will be assembled.  But when.... When will it be? It wasn't on the day I allotted to be home from work to have this done.  "Ma'am, we followed protocol and it is not our fault that the driver's told you the wrong info and we are not liable.  We need to figure out what part is missing so we can set up a time to fix it.  Someone will call you within 24 hours to figure that part out.  Fuck you customer service... I called my sales associate Cynthia... She was horrified and had her manager call me after I took a picture of the parts I had and emailed it to her warehouse people to figure out which part was missing.  The manager (angel of customer service) Leann not only called me personally that day, called me today, set up a time convenient for me, and will be having her warehouse men fix this problem today.  Customer service at Ashley called me again not knowing I circumvented them and asked about the part and I said nevermind, my sales associate and her manager took care of it.  Can I just say not only did you regain a future customer with this kind of care but you won yourself a great review on Yelp, Ashley furniture corporate, and a bad one for customer service at Ashley!  A note to Ashley customer service: get your act together.  Protocol my ass... Do your job and don't make the paying customer angry.   Good experiences from sellers/vendors a customer will tell 5 people.  A horrible one... Everyone knows and it will be repeated.  My delivery setup fee was not waived.... Instead I have 150 in store credit and their apologies and as promised... The warehouse men are setting it up!  And of course, a follow up call by Leann, the manager.
1	I'm writing the review for this store since this is where I purchased my furniture, but after you buy it here, you have to deal the with main store downtown for other issues, so it's for them too. I bought a bedroom set (bed, mattresses, dresser and nightstands) along with a coffee and end table here a year ago. Our coffee table has a lift top, so there's a small compartment underneath. Six months after purchase, the bottom of the compartment fell out. No items inside, nobody messing around with it, it just fell out on it's own. I called to have it fixed and the first available appointment was three and a half weeks out. It was in the middle of the week, which I couldn't do, so I ended up waiting six weeks until they had an appointment available that fit with my schedule. Six weeks with the bottom shelf the compartment broken, just sitting in the living room.We paid to have the furniture delivered and put together. It was obvious the bed was not put together well. I recently moved, and when I did, the man disassembling the bed asked who had put it together last, as they had stripped ALL the screws when assembling it. That would be the fine associates of Ashley Furniture. Additionally, one of the 6 main bed frame screws was only halfway screwed in, which probably led to the cracking sound I heard occasionally when I got on the bed. If my bed broke, then what? Where do I sleep while I wait three weeks for somebody to come out and fix it?In summary: The furniture isn't high quality (downright looks cheap in places), and having to wait 3+ weeks for anybody to fix new, expensive furniture (which shouldn't have broken in the first place) is ridiculous. Bad products and poor customer service. Put your money to better use and buy your furniture elsewhere.
1	Overpriced Ashley furniture...... some made in china.Couch was saggy after a year. They only give you one year on the foam warranty.Warranty not great either.Do better research when furniture shopping.
1	Normally we wouldn't drive out of our way for a Red Tag Sale but we wanted a bedroom set for ourselves.  We drove down through rush hour traffic from Las Vegas to be disappointed.We saw a 7 piece bedroom set on television and even asked my boyfriend's mom to take a picture of the AD since we weren't home. I saw this beautiful open headboard with a dresser, wide mirror and lovely handles on it really cute classy set.  We asked the salesman to help us out since we couldn't find this.. Well it made sense we couldn't find it, it's nothing like it was advertised! I'm very upset.   The handles are circular, the mirror is not as wide and the headboard was open with a 'X' design.So the salesmen lets us know the sale ends Saturday... I don't think I will be going out of my way to this place ever again. RC Wiley is in Summerlin it's 15 minutes from us.
3	After my first visit here blew!  I contacted Ashley furniture on their website and the Sales manager got back to me the following day.  He said he would honor the price of the 7 piece bed set and we had to order it because the stock gets rotated. Okay understandable.  It's $79 to deliver on the weekdays and $89 for the weekend.I will consider my options I'm still thinking that set is a steal for $595 and the style is gorgeous.
1	Low rating due to customer service issues not furniture. Sales person lied about what was in stock rather being honest about back ordered sofa. Stated it was in AZ ready for delivery then a week later after the sale I find out it was actually on back order. Instantly lost me because of lies. Still love my sofa and love seats. Quality is good. When the couch was ready they have me the wrong one. So the low rating was mainly due to poor processes and customer service rather than the furniture. This was the second purchase at Ashley. The first time was smoother with no issues.
2	We bought a great bedroom set that was higher priced for Ashley. We love the set but one of the doors was damaged. 3 1/2 weeks later it's still damaged and we can't get a return call from customer service or our salesperson. We understand that things happen, but are very disappointed with the customer service. If you buy something, I hope it's right the first time-- otherwise you will be frustrated like we are!
1	Please do not purchase the extended warranty as they refuse to cover anything. Read the fine print "must have original receipt,  make claim within 48 hours for coverage" We did exactly this, had a technician come out and agree.  After 2 weeks ashley-furniture decided that our product is now only in a different color so they send a senior technician out to in 15 seconds say "normal wear n tear" NOT COVERED!
4	My husband and I had a problem with our bed and it was resolved that day.  Customer service was extremely nice and helpful.  I would recommend Ashley furniture.
2	Unfortunately, the reviewsI had heard from friends and co-workers were correct. I should have steered cleared of this place. The customer service is terrible! They talk  a good talk but don't follow through. They don't return phone calls when they say they will. They don't have items delivered or ready for pick-up when they say they will and no one ever knows what the other guy is doing. It's very frustrating! I had a much experience dealing with  RC Willey, right down the street!
4	Update: Emailed 2 weeks ago, did not get a reply or call. .Did receive a message from Chris H and asked me to resend my email which I did today.  Will update outcome.*** Final Update - 7/27/2014 ***After a week of exchanging emails with Chris H., he personally re-evaluated and has honored our warranty claim and they offered a in store credit since our product is no longer available. Chris H was very diligent and followed through on researching our claim and kept us updated each step of the way.
5	I had been in this store  over and over again once I knew what I wanted walked around the store for 30 mins and not one single sales person would even  talk to me so I just walked out. Then last time I gave them another chance because I really do like there furniture. I walked in I was helped right away  with a new associate named Walter Sulivan and he had help me out so much I ended up buying from them again. With the help of Jake Myers we figured out what I needed the most out of what I was buying and to  finally make a decision thanks to how knowledgeable he was about the product. I'm so glad I ended up going back to ashley furniture.
1	Worst location ever! Customer service sucked and my salesperson was decent but lied on my delivery date.. I decided to cancel my order but ended up in the Las Vegas location.. Wow what a difference!! Everyone there was great and had the pleasure to work with Roger (sales rep) to help us out. Btw Vegas location has many more to choose from.
4	After 1 week of exchanging emails with Chris H. and his personal review of our claim, we have been notified that Ashley will honor our warrenty claim, and offered us a in store credit since our product is no longer avalible.**** August 2nd 2014Delivery of our new sectional!
1	Are the furniture prices good?  Yes.  Did it take us three trips to their store for them to get the order correct?  Yes.  When we called their customer service line due to a chip in the furniture did they tell us they wouldn't exchange even though it was the same day as delivery?  Yes.Second experience purchasing a dining set was horrible.  What was I thinking coming back here?  See Ashley Furniture Sahara review for more details.  This company is garbage.
5	Was looking for a non traditional bedroom set and we found it at Ashley Furniture. The sales staff was friendly and the store was beautiful. The delivery was on time, and the gentlemen were very professional with their set up. I highly recommend checking out their store first before you go anywhere else!
1	I WISH I COULD GIVE THIS ZERO STARS!!! THIS PLACE IS A NIGHTMARE, AVOID AT ALL COSTS!  We had the most ridiculous experience with delivery.  After spending almost $1,600 dollars at this store, we were told that we could have delivery on a certain day before we flew out.  Delivery would be around 7am but our salesperson told us to just ask the driver to come around 9am, when we would be available and it wouldn't be a problem.  He said if we did have a problem to call the manager and he would take care of it.  Well, OF COURSE, we did have a problem and the driver refused to wait until 9am.  We called the manager who of course said that it wasn't possible and "didn't know why his salesperson would have said that".  Well I don't know, maybe you should talk to your salespeople about the rules before they sell furniture to people.  Finally, after MANY phones calls, and numerous hours on the phone, they agreed to change the delivery date but wave the fee to change it.  We originally had delivery on a Friday and wanted to change to Sunday.  Well apparently there is a weekend delivery fee, which for some reason, COULD NOT be waived even after all this hassle... how nice.  So finally, we set up delivery for a Wednesday between 8am and 12pm, being told we would be first on the route and be prepared because they would not change it this time for us, RUDE.  We took off work and waited in an empty apartment until 12:45pm for our furniture to be delivered before calling the store.  NEEDLESS TO SAY OUR DELIVERY WAS MESSED UP, BUT DID ANYONE CALL TO INFORM US? NO.  DID ANYONE BOTHER TO APOLOGIZE? NO.  DID THE STORE EVEN DO ANYTHING TO REIMBURSE US FOR TAKING A DAY OFF WORK? NO.  ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE.  AND TO TOP IT OFF, THE DELIVERY MEN STILL THOUGHT THEY WOULD GET A TIP, HA, NO.  The furniture was not even delivered until 2pm that afternoon.  There goes a wasted day of work!  The only half way decent part of this experience was the store manager, Jake, who attempted to half way help, but still would not return calls or give much information most of the time.  Not to mention, our tables were dented and scratched, and we can't have a technician come to repair UNTIL SEPTEMBER 3!!!! It's worth the money to go somewhere else that actually has customer service. I WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH ASHELY'S AGAIN.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS CHEAPLY MADE, OVERPRICED FURNITURE AND POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE TO ANYONE, EVER!!!Side note: We were hung up on multiple times on the phone with customer service trying to figure out where our delivery was.  We were also yelled at and talked down to BOTH time we called about delivery issues.Update 9/16- I was contacted by a customer service representative at the corporate offices who attempted to make this right by offering replacements on the damaged tables (which we otherwise would have had to wait a month for a repair person), and in store credits.  Although I appreciate her trying to correct this situation, and I am very pleased with the fact that she had our tables replaced immediately, I don't think a customer service situation should ever escalate to the point where these kind of actions have to be taken.  She has made my feelings a little better about the company, but I don't think I will ever return to that particular store again.
3	Good selections. Product? Have not tested yet. Will find out in acouple of years. Sales rep was very helpfull. Unfortunately I forgot his name. Delivery was on time as promised. Delivery guys was very carefull moving things around the house. So far I had good experience with Ashley's Furniture. I will refer this place to friends and families.
1	I give five stars to the salesman who helped me since he was awesome.  I give -5 to their logistics.  I ordered over $5000 worth of furniture and was donating my old items to a family in need.  I scheduled for delivery and I get a call from Phoenix that there was a delay.  I let that first one slide.  The next week, they call AGAIN to say there was a delay so I cancelled my order and gave my money to someone else.  We are in a tough economy so I get it, but when someone wants to buy - scramble like hell to get it delivered.  This was not the fault of the store or the sales team.  The delivery side who doesn't get sales and how tough it is - doesn't get that their inability to deliver causes people to not shop there again.  I hope they understand they lost a customer!  I used to buy from there, but now - I don't see the point.
1	OMG! If I could give this company a -0, I would.  They take your money, but delivery is another story.  My case was that "their server was down"  Unfortunately, I didn't look at any reviews before purchasing.  They seem to ALWAYS have delivery problems.  I would NEVER NEVER NEVER BUY FROM ASHLEY FURNITURE - no matter what store.  Mr. M. Jedlowski better revamp his customer service center and the delivery deparments before he ends up going OUT OF BUSINESS!  I paid with my debit card and the money was taken out of my account by the time I got to my car.  To get my money back I have to wait 3 to 5 business days.  HmmmmDo yourself a favor DO NOT BUY FROM ASHLEY FURNITURE!
1	And still 2 and a half weeks later and still no furniture. We did get a call saying that 2 of the four chairs were  going to be arriving next week, while the last fourth chair won't be coming til November. Why are you selling stuff you don't have in stock. If I knew I wouldn't be getting a full dining room set, I wouldn't have bought it. I guess that's why you don't tell us. Hate devious business practices. And I work in retail. Will Never recommend you guys to even my enemies.
1	Only reason for one star is b/c yelp won't let me give them a zero! Scam! Went there and applied for there store card and was denied then when the letter came in the mail it said I was unverifiable! I have perfect credit! I have store cards and credit cards from every place possible with zero balances and have never been turned down before but I guess Ashley doesn't want to give u the no payments same as cash so they just deny you but luckily I put the charge for furniture on one of my credit cards since the item I received was not the same as in the showroom! Much cheaper and flimsier so I returned it by threatening to call my cc and have them do a charge back! This was a Bait and switch scam! Cheap furniture sold as expensive high class furniture! Stay away!
5	i purchased a new bedroom set at Ashley Furniture in Henderson, what a great experience,my salesman was awesome he show me a variety of bedroom sets to choose from he was very informative about the different models and prices and was a huge help on my final decision. my delivery was on schedule and they set it for me. overall i give Ashley Furniture a 10+. great friendly staff awesome prices great customer service, my furniture store
4	Great experience would defiantly go back and recommend to friends and family the delivery was right on schedule and theDelivery persons were polite and respectful. Over all like I said a great experience
2	Wasn't really impressed with the staff.  Couldn't return the sofa after finding out that it was too large for our living area.  Outrageous prices.
2	My sales person was awesome but today when the delivery truck showed up they brought the wrong color couch and love seat. I have read so many horrible delivery stories from Ashley and now I am living my own. It could take weeks to get a new couch and that means that me and my son have to sit on the floor. I am so upset especially since I paid extra to have my furniture delivers today.
5	gina was a great sales person and very helpful. finding the store was annnoying with poor directional signage, but they said the city wont allow it.. but the store and staff was great, so were the delivery guys..
