4	There isn't much I dislike doing more on vacation then having to deal with my hair. Unfortunately, I wasn't blessed with beautiful wash and go hair but I sure wanted to look like I did on a recent trip to Arizona. So, I stopped into Fantastic Sams and asked them to wash and blow my hair. They took me right away and I had very nice looking hair for a few days. Came out to about $22 after tip, which is a couple dollars high for a low end salon like this, in arizona, but it was definitely a price I was willing to pay to not have to deal with my hair for the majority of the trip.-1 star for the gook these places always put in your hair after styling it. It might help it look nice the first day but it just makes your hair greasier faster and makes you have to wash out your beatiful blowout sooner because of all the oils.
1	My husband and I went in for a 1 buzz and a bang trim. It's hard to mess up a buzz so my husband is fine but my bangs are a crying shame. She hardly wet them down even though I has them pulled to the side do the length. They're crooked and there are multiple stands that are too long. I had to fix them myself with kitchen scissors before I would leave the house. It's a shame. This location is usually pretty good.
5	Book your appt today with Lee Ann Baird... she's worth it!  I've followed her from the Tempe store, just to have her do my hair!  Personally, she is The Best!
5	I like this store. I've been to a number of Fantastic Sams locations, at least four, and though there is nothing special about the decor or ambience of this store, it seems to run very smoothly and efficiently. I followed Lee Ann Baird from her previous salon because I like her work. She is quick and does a very professional job, taking pride in her styling. Shes a good choice.
3	It's really hit or miss here depending on who you get to cut your hair. I got 10' of my hair cut off for locks of love, and it was just a super basic hair cut, like straight across. I've had my hair styled well here also, but one time I had a terrible experience and almost started crying and asked to switch haircutters half way through. That was a couple year ago, and I haven't seen the guy around, so hopefully he's gone.I love that they shampoo your hair with a haircut though! Something that Supercuts does not do, but should
