5	So, to start, let me share that I am a pizza snob... I like Chicago Style but can't seem to find a Chicago Pie place West of... Chicago.  Palermo's is served New York Style, thin and crispy.  At first I wasn't sure, but then when I ordered a sausage/pepperoni pizza, I could not believe what I had just received.  The pizza was ENORMOUS!  and the price of course was fantastic!  When I opened the box however, I was shocked that what I got was in fact a delicious real cheese pizza with fresh pepperoni's and shredded sausage.  That's right.  Shredded sausage. How many times have you seen that done?  Easy to get ground sausage, but let me tell you , shredded sausage is the omega of Delish!!  Anyway, without a doubt, this is my "Go To" Pizza anytime I am feigning for Pizza Pie.... You should get some....
5	For over 10 year all the family Plaermos pizza places have been my favorite! I'm from New Jersey just outside NYC and grew up on thin New York Style pizza. I can say that of all the places I've tried this is the most authentic and delicious. The Sicillian style is also exactly as it's supposed to be.Appetizers, salads, buffalo wings and beers have also always been good. Alway friendly services
5	Super good thin crust!  Sausage shaved on top... so delicious plus they have great hot wings!
2	Ordered the pizza/wing special. Pizza was OK but the sauce lacked flavor and the crust was not as crispy as I like it. The wings looked great, but the buffalo sauce was watered down and not very spicy.   Service was below average but not terrible.
3	When I arrived I was greeted immediately. I called in my order and the associate that took my order was polite. My order was ready when promised. This was my first time here, the food was excellent and hot. I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza and a dozen hot wings. The restaurant was not the cleanest, that was my only issue. Overall great food.
2	Pizza is ok, sauce is kinda bland,  but these wings are not good.  Wings have the taste of old or burnt oil
5	This place is like family. The gentlemen here make sure you are taken care of. Foods great. Today was the 1st time trying there subs. Omg I'm hooked. Great place to watch sports.
5	We have a Palermos closer to home which is so-so but after coming to this one, we don't mind making the drive! Each Palermos is independently owned, this one is owned by a sweet family, they all work there and are always polite. They know their regulars by name and always ask how they are doing etc. The pizza and wings are what we usually get, we have been getting the siciliana style pizza lately, it's their deep dish type pizza and I haven't had a better pie than theirs! Crust is crunchy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside, great sauce and cheese and the toppings are plenty. We always bring home a to go box of pizza to enjoy the next morning :)
