1	Of all the businesses I was hoping the recession would put out of business, TicketMaster headed the list. I don't think I have ever felt passion in my life, but if I did it would be hating this company with a passion. The ticket prices are okay; I can live with that. What I hate are the fees. In looking to purchase tickets to an upcoming event, there is another $19.95 per ticket added to the price. Ordering 2 tickets, that's another $40 - the price of another ticket to a different event. The challenge is that while not technically a monopoly, they are close. There are options such as resellers StubHub, EBay and a local favorite of mine, Life & Leisure, but as far as ordering direct, often that isn't a possibility unless it is ordered through TicketMaster or direct from the box office. In the end it would cost as much in gas to drive from here to Jobbing.com or UOP Stadium as it would to pay their fees. A few years ago Pearl Jam tried to take them to court and look what happened to them - lost in an abyss of no-longer-relevants. Talk about stiff arm...
1	How could this company have a stranglehold on the entire concert industry when their website doesn't process purchases? We spent 5 days trying to buy Cheap Trick tickets- 8 attempts on two different computers. Sometimes Ticketmaster's site would only let us pick the seats, other times it let us get as far as credit card info, but each time it would say, "We're processing your order. Don't click away from this page," and then the little icon would spin and nothing happened. One time we let it spin for 30 minutes. So I called, thinking I'd get a person to buy tickets from and tell that the website wasn't processing orders. No. They have an automated system that wants to know where you live and your phone number and who you think you are trying to buy tickets from them. Seriously, it was 10 minutes to buy tickets that we are picking up ourselves, not having mailed. The system didn't recognize my voice so I had to repeat things 2 and 3 times. Maybe because at this point I was screaming my answers. Then, it has the nerve to ask me if I'd like to take a survey about the service of their system. Hell yes I do! I was asked to rate the service from 1 (bad) to 6 (great). Only the system doesn't recognize the word "one". After asking me the same question several times and getting "one" as the answer, it told me that I couldn't finish the survey due to technical difficulties. So I'll tell them here: Ticketmaster, you get a one.
1	How the Mighty have fallen , service is pure crap
1	When I tried to print off the tickets I had purchased on the day of the concert my wife and I planned to attend, Ticketmaster tried to force me to change my account's password "...as part of our ongoing security enhancements". They were holding my tickets hostage until I did so. I was redirected to a page that stated I had been sent an email with a temporary password. It never arrived. I tried to call their 800 number and continuously got a busy signal. My account userid and password were locked once they "sent" the email that never came.Bottom line: No tickets. No Concert. Loss of $300. Ticketmaster is a monopoly and they show all the earmarks of one, from their artificially inflated fees to their lousy ticketing software to their shoddy "customer service".
1	Bought tickets to the Bengals vs. Cardinals game from them. At first we looked at the ground level seats close to the field, but were warned that you can't drink when close to the field so we opted for the less expensive seats in an area where that is allowed. When we got to our seats, we were in the "family section" where drinking is not allowed. Nothing warned us of that and now we are stuck watching the game from an awful angle with no drinks. They should definitely tell you when there is something specified in your seating area, therefore we will not be buying from them in the future.
1	I wouldn't even give ticketmaster even one star if I could. I bought tickets through living social for Disney on Ice.  Ticketmaster has a glitch in their system that wouldn't give me a discount as promised through Living social.  Ticketmaster says in no way are they responsible for the glitch. huh?  So instead of paying $80 for 4 tickets am I am now paying $145 for 4.  They won't fix the problem nor exchange or refund tickets. Ticketmaster has the worst customer service ever.  Will never go through them for anything. BIG FAT THUMBS DOWN!!
