5	Best boba tea in Arizona!!! Taiwanese food A+++  my personal favorite: loyal milk tea with boba   Best milk tea
5	The most tasteful Boba Tea in Phoenix area, the owner is actually very nice, but those two girls who make the Boba tea are a little bit wired...Personal favorite: Jasmine Milk Tea with Pudding
5	The fact they have pudding as an option besides tapioca gets 5 stars from me.You are probably wondering why would I give a business 5 stars for pudding???If you are from the bay area you and enjoy pudding as an option for your drink besides tapioca and have lived out here long enough to know the struggle of not finding one decent tapioca having cafe that has pudding.  Until Now!!!!  That only took 5 years for Arizona to catch up to California's status. Thank you jesus for this place I can live a little easier now until we move back!
5	This place has the best boba tea around hands down!  Friendly, quick staff.  I always get the Thai tea w/ boba and it hits the spot! Just make sure if you bring cash you bring bills smaller than 20's =)
5	One of the best places for Boba in the area. Not only do they have boba but they have pudding milk tea!Boba was cooked perfectly and the pudding was delicious. The milk tea that I had there was delicious and the boba was soaked in honey and brown sugar I believe. The place used to be Lollicup but I think they got a lot better after switching and losing the franchise.If you're looking for great tasting boba milk tea or even better, pudding milk tea, the Yes Cafe is hard to beat in the area.
5	No, you're not dreaming. The reviews don't lie.This place IS that good. Say "yes" to Yes Cafe if you're in the area (or even if you're not in the area - take a drive!) Whether you are thirsty or hungry, or both, this place has you covered. They have mastered their menu. Every single dish has come out flawless. This is by far one of my favorite restaurants to visit. The service is friendly, fast, and exact. The food is cooked fresh and arrives quickly.  Be sure to pick up some cute hand-made artwork while you're there - you'll see what I mean after you order. Amazing work!
5	The only place in Chandler to get real Taiwanese food. My favorite one are Fried Chicken and Fried Fish dishes. There is no other place that make the taste so original. Not to mention that the boba milk tea is just as good as you can get in Taiwan. The owners are very friendly your own family. It's clean and great place to hang out with friend over the weekend and a great place for quick business lunch. Highly recommend!
1	Purchased lunch today. Had a very odd taste we could not identify.  One dish had heavy cilantro masking the odd taste.  Service was not very good.  We could not eat it and we left after one taste of each dish.  We have had a lot of good boba and noodle soups.  This is not the place to get it.
5	This is the best place in AZ for boba. The boba is fresh and not hard. My favs are coconut slush and passion fruit slush.
4	perfect boba milk tea and fresh, crispy eggrolls
5	This was once Lollicup, it's still the exact same inside and still the best boba spot. Their Thai tea and milk tea are delicious.
4	Fun board games and good mango milk tea!
5	Been driving by this place for almost 3 years now and never realized it was there. Decided to check it out and try out the dish that I've been dreaming off. The Pork Chop Combo Plate... The dish was on point, it really tasted like how my dad cooks it. The soysauce egg, pickled veggies, steam cabbage, tofu bring the dish to live and creates a really balanced meal with no hot sauce needed. The pork chop was delicious and full of flavor; not to mention a decent size for the total price. I also got milk tea with boba, also very good. It wasn't too sweet and the boba was sofa; not chewy just right. Very happy I found this place as it's hard to find good Taiwanese food in East Valley.
4	Friendly little cafe with plenty of space to chill and enjoy free wifi. Their boba menu had an option of pudding which was new to me but had the usual milk tea. It's hard to find good boba tea without them killing it with sugar, however Yes Cafe is perfectly sweetened. I also ordered the beef noodle soup and it was the closest you can get to authentic Taiwanese food. A hot broth (be careful) filled with green onions, pickled veggie, thick udon noodles, Chinese broccoli, and good amount of beef all in one. I want to try the fried chicken and tofu next time. This place bring me back to delicious Taiwanese street food :)
5	Tried the pork chop combo rice ... I love it to bits... The pork is tender!!! And tastes great! If you are a fan of pork leg, you can even request for fried pork leg rice! I've tried the minced pork noodles as well and it taste good!! Everything seems to be great!
