4	This is one of the better filibertos locations out there
2	I didn't care for this location too much. The employees weren't rude but not very polite either. The whole time we were ordering they were talking amongst themselves. My food had way too much sauce on it so I had to pour some out on the tray. There were also a couple flies that would not leave us alone and some children that were running around and being loud. After I are I went into the bathroom which smelled disgusting so I decided just to wash my hands and leave. Of course there wasn't any soap. We decided to go to this location because we heard it was quieter but I think I know why now!
4	Each time I have been here the food is great for a quick Mexican restaurant. I have always gone thru the drive thru which I wish the service was a little faster but I always know I get a great breakfast burrito! Staff has always been nice.
1	I have visited this establishment 4 times in the last 3 weeks, and that's only if you count the first time I visited the establishment each day.  3 out of the 4 times my order was wrong and I had to go back and have them correct my order.  I clearly asked for no beans and identified that it was a food allergy, so it was real important.  Each time I would find beans hidden in my food.  I am very disappointed with this location.  Others that I have been to are pretty good.  I will not be going back after today.  The employees are not even very apologetic when you go back and explain the issue.  Very Poor Customer Service.
4	Great, authentic Menudo freshly made Saturday and Sunday mornings. Flavorful, although a little on the hot side. We order to go, huge orders, great price. We usually call to check if it's ready and to ask that they prepare it ahead. Almost as good as my dad's!
2	I liked the fish tacos I got. Also got 2 beef taco combo with rice and beans. They also messed up and gave me a 2 cheese enchilada combo with my takeout. Didn't really care for flavor of shredded beef with beef tacos, won't get those next time.  Cheese enchiladas I ate the next day, not bad but not my cup of tea.  Nice guy at counter taking order/cash.  I gave them a 2 stars cause if 2 not likes, could have been my order that missed the 2 cheese enchiladas. Wish I could give more... Maybe next time.
1	They won't take their own coupons from the back of cash register receipts. No more food from here.
