4	When you want something quick on this side of town, Chinese, and reasonable, this is the place to go- been going to this one for years. I usually get the bowl with half white rice and half vegetables, with either the beef and broccoli or the mushroom chicken. I don't finish it, I save half for later. My husband gets the two item with half fried rice, half chow mein- beef & broccoli and orange chicken. Sometimes he gets the pork but only if it's lean. Sometimes, we each get an eggroll (when you complete the receipt survey within 2 days, this could be free). Fortune cookies come with your meals.Uniform design for this fast food chain restaurant. Most of these restaurants are decorated the same: panda prints, red paint, tables/chairs, bar type tables/chairs. Free refills on sodas. Bathroom in one corner. Open kitchen- cut veggies in clear bins kept in the refrigerator- I love that, though sometimes the veggies are pretty chunky. Most of the food trays were full. There were three people working. This is a fairly busy but clean location that shares the parking lot with McDonald's. It wasn't as busy yesterday but then again, we got there past 1 pm though. Several strip malls in the area and close to the Boulevard Mall- convenient location.
2	When it comes time to Las Vegas, two days is nice, three days is perfect, four days is excessive, and five days merits an intervention. In January, I spent 11 straight days in Las Vegas.For the record, I wasn't there because of a midlife crisis, messy divorce, falling in love with a stripper, gambling problems, alcoholism, or drug addiction. But clearly, a few of those might have played small roles. By the way, my therapist tells me I like to minimize.I was there for work. But when I wasn't working, I had to eat. And sometimes, there's a rumbling in my tummy to get wasted, black out, and do unspeakable acts. And sometimes, I just crave Panda Express.Unfortunately, the Chinese guy behind the counter makes an embarrassingly small plate of food. He scooped up a bunch of greasy chow mein and then adorned the plate with three little pieces orange chicken and maybe two pieces of honey walnut shrimp. And he served this atrocity with a smile on his face. I was so annoyed, I threw the plate at his face and poured hot & sour soup all over his body. Okay, that totally didn't happen. But the thought crossed my mind. Clearly, I need more therapy.Instead, I ate my greasy snack and then walked across the street to McDonald's for a proper meal.
4	I can never go wrong with Panda! I don't think anyone can actually. It's usually kinda full but well worth the wait. Some people complain about  the price but the quality and taste of the food is well worth $7 or $8. This location can get be a little more occupied than others due to the location but like I said I don't mind. Great for dinner!
3	I feel like PX (can we please make "PX" cool?) gets a bad rap because it's "not authentic," but the only thing authentic about it is that authentic Chinese people never eat it. I'm sure I am not alone when I admit I have no idea who the hell General Tso is and isn't "sweetfire" really more like an oxymoron? My work recently had a quarterly luncheon catered by PX (really trying to make this happen here) and everything about the process was a breeze - we were able to order ahead of time, designate a point of contact at the location, show up, pick up, and head back to the office in the nick of time. The girl working the cash register was like a one-woman show, manning orders for here whilst coordinating orders to go, but still had us leaving with ours in tact. Except no chopsticks - this left a lot of my Caucasian coworkers severely more disgruntled than I expected. Just to be clear, oversaucing anything deep fried is not the formula for authentic Chinese food, but my team seemed to enjoy it and let's face it, Americanized Chinese food is like any other junk or fast food! It's quick, easy, and lasts a moment on your lips and forever on your hips. Xie xie.
