3	Cheryl and Ashley ColeLet's look at the facts. Ashley Cole is indicated on numerous occasions, in various tabloid rags, of taking part in gay orgies in football club showers.Cheryl Tweedy is convicted of having physically and racially assaulted a black toilet attendant.How do they quash the rumors and restore their public reputations? They get married.I was suspicious of this sham from the very start. I think it was when I saw the dubious pair on a TV show and he was calling her "mate" in his particularly annoying and whiney "Sarrf Lundun" accent that clinched it. It just seemed wrong.Which brings me on to Cargo. If the aforenamed duo were a boozer this would be it. The place just doesn't add up. Similarly to the odd couple, its undeniably well finished and excellently presented, but something just doesn't work. It's partly it's location, and almost definitely contributed to by it's vastness, but when you go there you just can't get comfortable. It's awkward, and doesn't endear you to stay. I was in it during the 6 Nations this year and have honestly never been in such an atmosphere deprived watering hole before or since. There was a couple of guys on lap tops, the barely audible hubbub of the 7 other punters in the background, and a dire need on my part to down my glass of Stella and GTF. Around the back of the downstairs room the seats are comfy, but you can't see anything because there's all these pillars in the way, and they're not even real, they're just for show. It just doesn't make sense. Unless you're a YP city type looking for a hideaway to suck copious quantities of coke up your drug ravaged beak, they have no point.I must complement it on it's patio area/beergarden out by the canal. It is an excellent summer hideaway, and I someday intend to drunkenly humiliate myself there before stumbling home and yet again, soiling myself while on the phone to the Samaritans.Anyway, I imagine "Chez and Ash" would feel right at home in the place, it seems like it would be their bag. That's if their inevitable and predictable demise hadn't got in the way first. Boo-fucking-hoo.
3	Class is something you've got or you haven't, and when someone, or someplace, tries to get it, it never works. Cargo is what you end up with.Aimed at wealthy YPs but appealing only people who watch Hollyoaks, and who are convinced that getting a napkin and a funny shaped glass with their drink punts them up the social ladder a notch or two, it's yet another yawnsome style bar.London is the only city in the UK where bars like this actually bring in their repellent target market instead of hairdressers and insurance salesmen, but going by how quiet Cargo tends to be, I think they'd be happy just to get the odd hen night. It's size, coupled with lack of punters, gives it quite a sad atmosphere, and even though I don't particularly like it, I feel a bit sorry for the place.I must agree that the beer garden does look very cool, but unlike Iain I've not yet managed to humiliate, or soil, myself there yet.
3	Cargo is one of these places that I think might border on being just a bit toooo big, because often when I'm in here it just seems like this cavernous mammoth of a bar, with glass everywhere and a really frightening set of stairs that are not high heel friendly in any way. I crept up them the last time I was in, while clinging on to the handrail for dear life. However, other classier humans have probably mastered the art of walking up a flight of stairs in heels by now, so this scenario need not apply to those fortunate people.It's hard to get an amazing atmosphere going in a place like Cargo, because it's unusual for it ever to be packed to the brim, which would therefore make it cosy, and I'm always one for a bit of cosy bar action. Not too cosy mind. God I'm so fussy. Anyway, it is very polished and sleek looking, and has loads of light coming into it because of the big windows, so it's a good place to go for summer drinks. It's also just off Lothian Road, so pretty convenient for grabbing a city centre drink, or if you're ambling over to the cinema and fancy a beverage on the way.
3	Cargo is in a really lovely location and I've been in here numerous times during the summer but I still find I can't relax.Glossy, sleek and therefore a wee bit faceless, Cargo is never packed full to the brim. It gives it a bit of a ghostly feel, even if it is fairly busy.The first time I visited here was a few years back, and my ex had prepped me on a dress code. I was a bit angry that I felt pressurised to dress up like a doll so instantly my back was up, but I could see what he meant when we arrived. I was a bit unnecessarily raging that he told me not to wear leopard print leg warmers (which I have since grown out of) but at the time this was a huge grievance. When we arrived, most girls were strutting around on high heels with no purpose and guys were too busy staring at the plasma screens to take notice. It suddenly made sense - it was a trendy bar. I just didn't feel easy in there at all. I really like classy bars, but they are usually the kind that aren't trying to be. Cargo tries too hard, so it's a bit uptight. It's geared towards people who desperately want to emulate what they see on Sex and the City and think it's a novel idea to meet up and "do cocktails". It's not a bad bar but there's not much of an atmosphere.They try to get a pull of students in, and to entice aspiring young individuals in with something called a "corporate card" which, to be fair, gets you some heavily discounted booze. The cocktails are nice but it's a bit soulless, and not somewhere I would go back to.
3	This place is big - and I mean really big. Overlooking Edinburghs canal, this place has already gained itself some favour with me for having an outdoor are which is rather great - get it when the sun is shining and your day and possibly even your night is sorted.Cargo seems to have a wine bar vibe, but dont let that put you off if wine bars arent your thing - Cargo is very pleasent overall. Trouble is though that it lacks a lot of feeling and atmosphere. Sometimes you can be here and it feels fine, the place is friendly and stuff - but most of the time you will just end up feeling a bit awkward, either becasue there is nobody else there, or they are just boring.Shame really, because this place could be really good.
4	Cargo is in a lovely location, right at the canal basin of the Union canal - the perfect place to stop for a drink before or after a walk along the canal path. The picnic benches outside are ideal for a lazy afternoon in the sunshine... (should we ever be blessed with such a thing in Edinburgh.)We went there recently for lunch and really enjoyed ourselves. The breakfast/lunch menu catered for most tastes and it was all quite reasonably priced, and I've noticed there are often lunchtime deals advertised.The food was delicious, made more so delicious as it arrived within 10minutes of ordering. It all tasted really fresh and was perfect pub food for a weekend lunchtime! The coffee was also freshly prepared and piping hot.Cargo is really child friendly, and the staff were incredibly helpful with our baby and toddler, offering to heat up her food for us and making sure a highchair was available. There's loads of room for pushchairs/prams, taking the stress out of eating-out with little ones. Cargo does feel quite cavernous and a bit cold as it's such a big space with high ceilings. My only other criticism is that the back entrance area smells of wee - perhaps the men's toilets could do with an airlock on the door, or a scented candle or five. But if you sit away from the back doors then you don't notice it!
2	Hmmm, um, well, right then. I've always walked by Cargo and never thought about going in. When some friends suggested we rock up for an early evening drink as they have a beer garden on the canal and it was sunny, it seemed like a good idea. Until we realised the sun had already m issed that part of the building so we sat inside.It's like a big, really big, but soulless...room. There's an upstairs and downstairs, but not in a cosy way. It's really big, and it's really empty. I think partly due to location, it's not convenient and doesn't get much passing trade. There's also a lot of floor space with all the tables tucked in at the sides. So the whole atmosphere just...well, is lacking and I didnt feel either comfy and cosy or like I was in a big, swanky bar. It's a sports bar too, screens everywhere. Immediate deducation of star from Jenny. I'm just not a fan. Sports in pubs is fine, but places that dedicate themselves to the showing of sports. Well it attracts a certain crowd and atmosphere which is never fun.The cocktail I had was quite meh and uninspired. Definitely a beer and spirits place rather than cocktails It does food. Other folk seem to like it. Maybe I am being too harsh. Perhaps if you come here with a nice crowd and sit outside for lunch and an afternoon pint it would go down nicely. But for some random drinks with some friends mid-week, it just lacked.
5	Stumbled across this venue last Friday night after a long day at the office. Never been here before but have passed by frequently.Had a few nice 'refreshements' at 5/6pm...No, I don't have a drink problem. Bar service was polite and mainly by cute looking guys who constantly preened themselves. Live DJ on from 5pm playing some awesome laidback tracks. Not too loud so that you could have a decent conversation. Cargo also provided free canapes which were delicious.Great looking outside space at the canal basin and I would definately return on a sunny day.
2	Cargo, "cavernous cargo" I call it. I popped in a few days ago with some colleagues and had my ears blasted with hip hop, mainstream chart music, you name it the dj played it whilst also running a quiz. Now that's multi tasking....They were trying, I'll give them that but the clubby type atmosphere they were trying to generate did not sit well with all the suits milling about. I think I will keep my visits to Cargo restricted to rugby days....
2	Generic booze and devoid of character Cargo is not a great bar, but it is relatively cheap. Another reviewer used the term cavernous and it is a good description, Cargo is a big bar, likely Ideal for a (very) large group of students or workmates and it seems to be a standard stopping point for hen nights using the "boogie bus" (can't remember the correct name) to do a pub crawl.All in all if the best you expect is generic beer/cider along with Captain Morgans (spice and dark!), Gordons and Smirnoff I am sure you could have a cheap night out here. Myself I will stick to Lock 25 or Lebowski's and drink something I enjoy.
1	What is it with Bar owners?Had a great few Friday nights out after work during the summer at their 'Friday Club' Great bar prices and it was great to hear some very classy tunes being played by a DJ from 5pm that really appealed to our age group...Great selection of older tracks that we all agreed was refreshingly different and the fact that it wasn't blaring, we all could enjoy a good conversation with colleagues. ...However, we all have agreed that having returned a few times recently are really disappointed. Football was on one Friday, and was really only being watched by a few 'punters'...no DJ..This Friday, yes there was a DJ, definitely not the usual one as the music was awful, too loud and indeed not liked by anyone in our group. We are so disappointed that this venue has changed what we all thought was a great Friday night after work. We probably won't be back after this!
3	I attend cargo for it's business lounge (upstairs) which is pretty good. Free wifi and free tea and coffee and 15% off for members using membership cards (this counts for downstairs too) I head there tuesday mornings for a networking thing which is good fun, but also because it's bright and airy upstairs. There is tonnes of natural light so that's pretty ace. I have a few issues in that I think the last few times I've been there has been sport on big tellies (generally a no for me). I also get the idea that it doesn't really know what it is. I think they might finally be on the right track with going the more businessy rather than studenty route. It's right in the middle of a massive area of urban re-generation with young professional accommodation, as well as some significantly large offices opening up nearby.I would certainly think about Cargo as somewhere to hold a largish but casual meeting, an event or just for dinner and drinks on a friday. Will check out the food and beer soon and update.
1	So far have waited an hour for one burger and one baked potato + one drink has been incorrect. Apparently the machine failed to register the order so discount ahoy
2	Hidden away from the strip of pubs on Lothian road towards fountain Bridge lies this massive pub.The size of cargo makes it ideal for groups which was exactly the way I used it a couple of weeks ago.To find a pub on a Friday night for a group of 40 isn't easy, but cargo was able to accommodate us without blinking,You won't find any craft beers here, but you will find the usual lagers and dark beers on tap and a healthy collection of alcopops in the fridge.We shared the pub with 3 hen do's a stag and a rugby group which meant that it was loud, very loud. The dj tried to drown out the crowd with music which meant the crowd had to almost yell at one another to hear above the music. We arrived at 6 and by 8 we were the only group left which meant we could ask for the music to be turned down. Yes I know, we're mid thirties and we're that age where we'd prefer to hear each other speak!They have a really nice outside area which is part of an area of Edinburgh that is going through regeneration, so it makes for a nice Sunday drink in the sun next to the canal.We didn't try any of the food, but it seemed to be the usual pub faire. Two stars from me as the atmosphere could be better and the music could certainly be lower.
