4	Visitors to Vegas might have noticed that sex saturates our culture.  Since most of the marketing in town depicts naked or semi-naked female bodies, we're just used to commerce and sex being entwined.  Why should our art be any different?In this way, the Onyx Theatre is the most Vegas of all theaters.  The theater is located in the back of a gay/leather/fetish sex shop (really).  Once you navigate past the sex shop register where tickets are sold to the hallway, you step out into a rather large off-strip theater house that hosts some of the freshest, most innovative shows in Vegas.  Many of the performers from shows on the strip test their material out at the Onyx.  In my few visits to variety shows at the theater, I have seen a man swallow swords and then run a spiral drill bit up his nostril with an electric drill, a comedian in the guise of a Mexican wrestler, a disturbingly-flexible contortionist, and a comedian with a whip.  And Rocky Horror Picture fans can get their fix at the theater twice a month.One of Vegas' best entertainment spots that sadly doesn't get enough attention.
4	Saw "Facts of Life: The Lost Episode" the other night. Fun show, nicely put together. The venue is small but perfect for such shows. Intimate would be the best way to describe The Onyx. The concession stand serves up the standard popcorn and soft drinks, as well as themed cocktails based on that evenings performance for $5. They also have Bud and Bud Light bottles for $3.It's nice to be able to sit back with a beer and enjoy the show, knowing you didn't have to spend $100 or more as with a Strip venue.
4	I have gone to many shows at the Onyx Theatre.  As the other reviewers have said, the theatre is a small, intimate one with seating for just over 100 people.  I often sit in the front row, so I'm close to the play and sometimes I've become a part of it.  Tonight, I saw the live "Rocky Horror Show" with some very talented performers with great voices.  The four piece band was excellent accompaniment and it was a well done show.  I'll be back in a few weeks to see the musical "I Do, I Do," a real change of pace from tonight.
5	Alright if your into the art scene or just hate everything and your so cool you think underground happenings are mainstream then you will enjoy The Onyx. Tickets average from 10 to 50 tops for some of the coolest independent shows and entertainers around, mostly local flavor but several semi-known entertainers as well. Plenty of free parking in the shopping center and you can go inside and check out all the adult novelties and clothes before the show, everyone is super friendly. You can get a thing of popcorn, cocktail, and tickets for a cheap night out and have a awesome time. Every friend I have brought here got a kick out of it and has been back. Look on their website for whats scheduled grab a open minded friend or some who thinks they have seen everything and go. We went and saw a production "Hedwig and the angry inch" and we couldn't stop laughing, the band was great too, plus all the ticket sales went to charity so really it was unbeatable
2	I really Like the place, but I have to give it a thumbs down of late. The Last year the theater has gone down, it started with there Rocky Horror cast losing there touch, then the last good play they had was the Rocky Horror Show, which looked like either a desperate try to revive the RHPS cast or a way to replace it.Since then the plays have been either movie knock offs, or someone taking a popular character, like Charlie Brown, and making an unoriginal play from there. Now Both the RPHS cast and Naked Boys singing are gone, and instead they keep bringing in the Balloon Master, whos act has made me fall asleep the 2nd time I saw him, and he didn't even notice, even though I was in front and there was only a hand-full of people there.The way the Theater has ben lately I say don't bother going there, but I do hope they go back to being a good theater.
4	Onyx Theatre was completely off my radar until yesterday. I caught word that "Evil Dead The Musical" was performing until Oct 31. Being a huge "Army of Darkness" fan I had to see it. We wasted no time and caught the show last night.We bought tickets at The Rack discounts are available for locals with ID. We browsed the store while waiting for the theater doors to open. They carry the largest collection of leather and fetish wear and accessories I've come across.The theater itself is intimate with only 98 stadium style seats. Seats aren't too comfortable and they've seen better days, but I'm not complaining. We're there to be entertained. "Evil Dead The Musical"delivered. It was fantastically clever, campy, hilarious and bloody. Now that Onyx is on my radar, I'll be checking the calendar regularly to see more shows.
4	I am SO happy to have finally seen LOCAL theater in Las Vegas.  I've lived here for nearly 8 years and this is the first time.  Coming from Chicago (a city where culture chases you around every corner), it takes some getting used to having to find culture in Las Vegas -- the key word being FIND.  You do indeed have to hunt for it, but once you know where to look, it will follow you home like a stray dog.We saw a play called LISTEN.  It was entertaining.  Not amazing, not bad.  My enthusiasm isn't for this exact work -- but the theater itself.  It is a very small theater (maybe 60 seats?).  They have a lot of productions going on at once -- every night is a different show.  I bought my Onyx experience on Groupon.  Being that the show we saw was only $10/ticket -- we will be heading back in a few weeks to see a David Sedaris Christmas play.The box office is actually the cash register at the adjoining store, THE RACK, a mostly gay fetish store with lots of vinyl and studded collars.  They had a few racks of women's clothing -- but all were at 50% off (hurry, my kinky friends!  It seems they are eliminating the female niche!).The lobby had fun, leopard couches and a snack/drink bar.  My only complaint was that the bathrooms are located on the opposite side of the theater and you have to pass through the theater itself to get to them.  Not an issue except when a play is on stage.  I was quite annoyed that during the second Act, a couple waiting for the next production entered the theater and attempting to be discrete, walked through the audience/seats to get to the bathrooms....and then returned again.  I wish an employee would have asked the couple to politely cross their legs until the play was over.  VERY distracting.But I digress.  YAY FOR LOCAL THEATER!!!!!!!
4	Nothing But Love For The Onyx ! Off-strip theater is the true permaculture of any city. Drop a small black box theater into a funkafied mall filled with ethinic eateries and drag gear and you've got a microcosim worth visiting_just lock your doors.Onyx brings a little West Hollywood flair to its dessert audiences. Laughed until it hurt at "Silence of Clams" and "Facts of Life". I look forward to SantaLand Diaries_as one can never have too much Sedaris.
4	Well, I have lived here for about 3 months. The dressing rooms are cozy and the popcorn is yummy!!
4	YAY! Onyx! Cool little community theater in a fetish shop that has an array of funky little productions going on. Totally worth checking out some local theater or comedy
3	I went to check out this venue for a movie screening and I am not fond of the location at all. The theater has a fetish store and it really seems geared to those dipping their feet into the wilder side of life. I doubt they have many films that I would watch, although I've heard that the Rocky Horror Picture Show has been shown here and I would definitely come back for that.
3	A unique venue for Vegas. It's nice to see creative and alternative artistic ventures being supported here! The area is kind of sketchy, but there are actually some good restaurants in the same strip mall if you want to grab a bite before the show.
4	What a great little theater - every seat is a good seat, and the shows are fun. I'll be back for sure.
5	The Onyx Theatre has really improved itself over the years. The quality of the shows that are put on have increased exponentially. Great productions have gone there, like Evil Dead the Musical and Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. They redid the entrance, and they have a great concession stand now. The house is intimate but seats upwards of a 100. Overall, a great little theater that is available to put on big name shows.One thing I will say, the Onyx needs a new system for purchasing tickets there. Sometimes it can be a drag, but I usually buy tickets online (which is super easy), so I just opt to do that.
5	This theater is super tiny and intimate. But the seats are comfy and the shows are inexpensive! I caught one of the balloon master shows here and it was interesting, to say the least, but hilarious!
4	Located in the same plaza as Green Door, Komol, Lotus of Siam, and Cornish Pasty in Commercial Center on Sahara and Maryland Parkway. Ample parking galore. Absolutely had a blast here. I'd heard about the Onyx Theater through reading the Las Vegas Weekly. I had no idea this place existed. Anton Chekov's Cherry Orchard of the Living Dead was a hilarious rendition of the classic play! It was our first production to see here, and definitely not our last.The place shares its space with The Rack, a novelty same-sex adult store/novelty shop. Also worth checking out if you're waiting for a show.TINY theater that showcases off-strip productions, this place is legit. It's small, real, local, and a great place to soak up local culture. Old building that you wouldn't expect to find a stage in. That's part of the appeal!Do not expect set changes, the stage is SMALL. Smaller than most high school stages. There's enough seating for around 50-60 people maybe? The set pieces are great, the acting is fantastic. It feels like a one-of-a-kind experience for locals.Tickets do sell out! Cheap. Around $10-20ish per ticket. I went here on the day of the show and snagged them for 3rd row, center seats. I was surprised that there were any good seats left because when I showed up it was a full house! Try to buy your ticket online and print it out. If you do it over the phone or at the box office, they charge you $1-$2 per ticket for printing it out (AKA "processing fees"). Shame, because I was expecting a nice, hardcopy ticket (I like to collect them!).Concessions were surprisingly inexpensive! We got a pack of red vines and a giant water bottle for $3 total. Popcorn is small and priced at $3. I would not recommend going to shows here to people who are expecting super high-quality theater productions that you'd expect to see at the Smith Center. It's a budget theater for the local arts and not for big broadway shows. This place also hosts traveling shows/acts. Unique!The show and the acting was solid. We did not expect to like a small theater production like this so much. Very fun evening for my date and I.You gotta love the charm here. It's old Vegas. Low-budget, low-key, and personal. I cannot help but fall in love with it. It's a part of real downtown Las Vegas. Maybe it's not massive as strip shows, and maybe it's not as glamorous, but the experience is fantastic. My boyfriend and I had a great time here.
5	The Onyx Theatre is now one of the most used venues in the city.  There is always something going on.  Saturday night, I saw Sondheim's Merrily We Roll Along.  Before that was The Importance of Being Earnest.  The venue has also been the site for Anton Chekov's Cherry Orchard of the Living Dead.  After Merrily, there will be two weekends of Alfred Hitchcock's Rope.  As you can see, the venue is constantly a spot for good entertainment produced by Off Strip Productions and other theatre groups that don't have a permanent home.The theatre seats just under 100 people so it's an intimate showroom.I recommend checking the Onyx website and picking one of their shows.  You'll be hooked.
5	My boyfriend and I caught a play here not too long ago called '' Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolf''? and it was pretty f*cking intense. The play..& the theatre. They have a store complete with all your s&m needs and then a bunch of little old ladies wondering around looking for the entrance. It was a total mind f*ck but it was still pretty awesome. The seating could have been a little bit more comfortable but they made up for it in snacks at their snack bar, next to the s&m shop, next to little old ladies wondering around. If you're bored and want to go to a play with your bae. Go here.
5	I love this venue!!! It is a smaller, intimate setting and all seats are terrific. We thoroughly enjoyed the play 'How I Learned to Drive' - great delivery by the actors!!!!'
