5	Wow! I had no idea this place even existed when I lived in Madison. But while on a visit last week, I met up with a friend from Waunakee who recommended we come to M-N-M's.They are a very friendly establishment, with bright, quirky artwork and colorful walls.  Groups of students, moms with kids, and old couples were hanging out. While we were there, a community service-type group was repainting a few of the back walls.They have free refills on in-house coffee (which is really good). I tried one of their most popular scones, the almond-raspberry. I found it a little too heavy on the almond flavor, but otherwise good and very large. They have a ton of scones here, so I'm sure you could find a flavor to your liking. My husband got a breakfast burrito, which was so fresh and delicious, he couldn't stop talking about it for at least three hours.I wish I lived around a coffee shop this awesome!
1	Very limited hours.
4	I'm a little on the fence about this place.  If I could rate it 3.5 stars, that might be a more accurate rating, but since I can't, I'm rounding up for the friendly service and hometown atmosphere I vibed when I stopped in recently with my sister.  I can see why this would be a popular place with the high school crowd / college kids in town - it's a place to hang out and study or meet up with friends.  The coffee is decent, the mixed white chocolate (Alterra... it'll always be Alterra to me) frapp was like any other one I've had at an Alterra in the Milwaukee area.  I had to knock 1.5 stars off for the chicken sandwich I got.  It sounded good when I ordered it, but when I got it - it was a grease bomb.  I couldn't even fathom eating my potato chips that came with it, for fear of gut rot.  There is definitely some room for improvement here - but once that's worked out, I see no reason why I wouldn't give it a solid 4.5-5 star review next time.I'll be back next time I'm in town with my sister.  It was a nice little place to meet up and hang out with my sister.  Unfortunately, I just won't be eating anything there, unless it's a pastry or dessert (which looked good, but at the time I did not partake due to the greasebomb in my stomach).
5	We love this place, me and my wife go there a lot. I get coffee for me and iced coffee for my half. Mnm's - AWESOME!!!
