3	Safe place to have dinner.  Quality of food was up to their normal standard.  As usual the noise was not conducive for good conversation.  But the food was a welcome comfort after being on the road all week.
3	I can't say how many times I've passed the Macaroni Grill, but I've never been in before.  I might have eaten at a Macaroni Grill before, but not this one.  So we stopped in one night, and it wasn't terribly busy.  Wasn't really empty either.  Just sort of in-between.  Service was adequate, but there were times where we tried to get glasses filled or a missing fork found, things like that.The food was just... odd.  Though the chicken parm was decent, it's something tough to mess up (see Costello's).  What was really strange was the lasagna.  Rather than going for typical pasta, cheese and sauce, it also had sausage and meat that looked like salami or pepperoni or something.I'm not against spice, but it just left a very odd taste, and it wasn't an altogether good one.  I think next time I'll just keep driving by and go somewhere else.
4	12 hours in the North Carolina sun and we were beat!  100 degree temps, 98% humidity, and an empty stomachs - it was time for a climate controlled environment and a TON of food.Our stop at MG was exactly what we were looking for.  Started off with a couple apps, into the salads, delicious dinner, loaves upon loaves of bread in between.  Plus, it felt about 50 degrees cooler inside than it was on their patio.  Almost too cold - when I wasn't eating I was shaking from shivering so hard.  Gotta love those speedy climate changes.The amazing staff were right on top of everything - never an empty glass of water or question un-answered.
4	Nice place..their soup and bread is good.. Good service and enough options for vegans as well. I love this place. Its way better than olive garden in sevice and food.
3	This place has been around for year's, and it use to be much better, but I have to say on my last visit is was average. They still do good business as it was crowded for a Thursday night. Our entrees included: chicken parm, lobster ravioli, and spaghetti. Decent food but I do remember better days from this restaurant.
4	We have been staying very near to this place for the past 5 months... How many times we thought of trying this one out.. Finally we did :) .. Food was pretty good.. Chicken parm was awesome ( highly recommended )... However there were very few servers around and the service was'nt great either.. Food was pretty good though.. I am a fan of this place :)
2	The service was great but the food was not. All the pasta for our party was undercooked; there were 14 of us. Other customers also were returning meals. The manager told us they were using a new pasta and had to "learn to cook it". She did make an adjustment on our bill to make up for the bad meals.
1	This was by far the worse MG I have dined. All 5 entrees (big family) ordered were served cold. Not warm, not luke warm, COLD! After being re-heated undoubtedly in a microwave we discovered that each guess was discussing who had the more bland tasting dish. We have always enjoyed MG and it was a complete shock to have this type of experience. We will not return.  There were 2 exceptions to this tastless cold meal....the house salad dressing and the bread.
3	Good food.  Unpleasant hostess.  I like that.they have lite calorie options.
1	Stay Away!I had two items: a Caesar salad, and a margherita pizza.Caesar salad:The outer leaves of the head, at the top, with brown edges.  Hacked into random too-large and too-small pieces.  With some of the stems that were turning translucent from being too old.  Overdressed.Pizza:Weird, bread-like crust.  And not bread-like in a good way.  With sauce that had no seasoning; I think it was just tomato sauce from a can (like hunt's).  The cheese was OK, the tomatoes were flavorless.  It was covered with chopped green herbs.  Basil, you think?  Hah: parsley!The complimentary bread was good.
3	Went with a large group of 8 for a business dinner.  The service was a bit lacking - our waiter seemed to disappear at times and prolonged the dinner.  It was fine because we had a lot to discuss, but out out-of-town guest were probably tired from a long day of training so it would have been nice to make dinner a bit shorter.I ordered the penne rustica and it came to the table in a piping hot bowl.  It was nice the put a plate under it and I definitely devoured the whole thing.
2	I hadn't been to a Macaroni Grill in a number of years. I most likely won't be back to one for a very long time. Unlike other reviews, the service was actually very good, except for the copious amount of perfume our waitress bathed in. Very off-putting when so much of taste depends on smell. The food came out quickly but was still warm at best. I got the chicken scallopini and it was ok, other than the lack of heat. My wife got Mama's Trio. She didn't really care for any of it. I tried it and agree that none of it was very good, and also lukewarm.  The saving grace was that was that we had a gift card and didn't have to waste too much of our own money. If there is a next time, we'll re-gift it.
1	The worst Macaroni Grill I've ever been to!  Do not waste your time!!!
4	All of the pasta dishes from here were good. My wife love the Penne Rustica and I loved the Stuffed Mushrooms and the Eggplant Parmesan and our son the the Mac and Cheese
2	Got together with a few former coworkers Saturday night early (5:00-ish) to catch up & have an early Christmas celebration.  Since it just so happened none of us had been to MG in a while, we decided this would be our spot (we used to go regularly as a group when we still worked together at a nearby office).  Things have changed.ATMOSPHERE:They still have this going for them.  This is one of the main reasons we used to gather here to begin with.  Still a great place to just kick back in a booth, relax with friends or loved ones, and not worry about having to be too quiet or having to talk over deafening music and patrons.  Noise level is just right, which is greatly appreciated.  Few places are able to balance debauchery and civility so well.SERVICE:We had a great waitress. She was really on-point, even as the crowds increased, being neither too obtrusive nor inattentive.  One thing I really appreciated was that she attempted to quickly "get to know us" a bit--this helped her help a few of US make decisions when too many things looked yummy or weren't in the mood for anything specific.   Friendly. Prompt. Attentive. Knowledgeable. What more could you ask for?!FOOD:NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE.  Don't get me wrong, it's still palatable; HOWEVER, you can tell the quality has diminished drastically.  I ordered the Mediterranean Olives ($2) in citrus marinade as an appetizer. Must say I really enjoyed those (sodium warning...whew!).  Another ordered the fried calamari appetizer ($9).  This was a disappointment.  While the price was average/reasonable, one expects more than just a few bland, nearly tasteless rings of the stuff.  It was mostly the tentacle ends of the poor lil' squid.  And lots of them.  Odd.  Her lobster ravioli ($18) was yummy according to her (looks a tad skimpy, but said it was quite filling).   My Pasta Milano ($12) was nothing like it used to be.  It's now made with rigatoni instead of bow-tie. In-and-of-itself, that's no big deal, but if you're a 'pasta person' you know how specific types of pasta can make a dish (along with the texture).  Another of us ordered the Chicken Parm ($13).  Nothing special there. Hafta say it kind of looked like something you could prepare at home & was told it tasted pretty much the same.All-in-all I have to say they seem to have "gone cheap" on their food, ingredients, and preparation.  They seem to have soured along with the economy.  I hate to say it, but MG (at least this location) is pretty much off my radar now.  Their close proximity doesn't win out over quality.
1	We have dined at this chain for over 20 years. It was one of our favorites. Well bubba, those days are long gone. Ate at the one nearest us in Savannah and noticed the flavor and quality of my dinner (Pasta Rustica) was not up to par. Server said the new owners are all about the bottom line and are changing the recipes. Hello new owners; this is a recipe for disaster. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Decided to give them one more shot. Big mistake pigboy! The Carbonna was horrible, and that is as kind as I can get. Do they have a corporate taste kitchen? It was a bucket of dry pasta with some cheese and meat. A poached egg on top? Not the way to do it. Egg is an integral part of the recipe, not an add-on to pretend this is breakfast too. I tried to eat it but simply could not; even after dousing it with olive oil. There was no sauce; no moisture. Besides, the egg pasta was too thick. Server did a good job. I asked to speak to the manager. She was gracious and, to her credit, comped my dinner and gave us a free desert. Class act. But that was the last time. If you have patronized this place over the years before it was sold, you can now forget them. Do not waste your money.
4	Had dinner there last night with a group of people. Our food was excellent as was the service. Alan, our waiter, was very attentive and was very helpful when we had questions about the menu. One member of our party had never dined at Romano's before, and she enjoyed it very much. I had the Pasta Milano and it was excellent as always!
2	We selected this restaurant because we had a gift card to use for our date night and on a Friday, had about a 20 minute wait.  So far, so good.  Our waitress was really friendly, but not over the top and kept a check on us frequently. I had an Italian Mojito which I don't recommend, period...blech.  We got the Zucchini Friti for an appetizer which was perfect and the dipping sauce was delish and the best part of our whole meal!  I got a salad with ranch dressing - it was fine...nothing special.  I ordered the Carmela's Chicken and it was bland, almost dry and overall just lacking.  I brought more home than I ate and reheated with some garlic sauce I had making it better than the original for lunch the next day.  I wouldn't get it again.  My husband got the steak and had fries that were better than the steak, which I thought was WAY undercooked, even for medium.  Blech!I would give our waitress an extra .5 half star or maybe even a star, but our food was definitely not over a two star this visit.Good thing we had a gift card.  We left a nice tip for our waitress with the balance since we had no plans of returning in the near future.
3	So we decided to celebrate our son's excellent grades with a dinner out. Mac Grille seemed a nicer choice than others so we stopped by. We made sure to get there early to avoid the crowds.  The problem was that Mac Grille seems to schedule wait staff very thinly at the beginning of the evening. So our waitress was the hostess! She didn't know much past where to seat us but gave her all in the attempt until the overloaded waitress stopped by to take over.  Despite it, both the hostess and the waitress were very pleasant and professional throughout. Shame on Mac Grille for understaffing though.To the food! Meh.My wife had something called Carmela's Chicken. It was a nice looking bowl of rigatoni, chicken, mushrooms and other assorted goodies. She seemed to enjoy it but I found it to be fairly ordinary. As a guy who cooks professionally, I am always looking to be blown away with flavor or at the very least something that I didn't think to make at home. It could have used a little salt (especially in the pasta boiling water) to bring out the nice semolina taste in the noodles. The important thing is that she liked it and was happy.I got Mama's Combo. A plate with lasagna, chicken parm and a chicken and mushroom cannelloni. The cannelloni was pretty good the lasagna was the star of the plate but the chicken parm was a pure throw away. I was unaware of where on the chicken a round disc of breast meat comes from (probably right nest to the nugget!). If I was to bet my last dollar on something to regain my vast fortune I would place it on the fact that the chicken came straight out of a box, already breaded and cooked and flash heated and put on the angle hair. Very disappointed. Did really enjoy the lasagna bolognese, though.So, who knows, maybe one day we go back, but honestly I don't think we will feel on our deathbeds that we missed out on anything special if we never stop by again. Shame.Also, just FYI, they were out of 2 of the 4 tap beers walking into a Friday night! Who does that? May as well run out of parmesan cheese! Oh yeah speaking of parmesan cheese, I hate restaurants that have the server put the parm on your food in those grinders. Seems like if you like a lot of parm on your grub (like all of us) you are screwing it up for the other tables, so you allow them to leave too darned soon and you are left wanting more but felling a bit shy and embarrassed to ask them to come back and pile on some more. Just sayin.Eat Well!!!!!!V-Dub
2	Nice ambiance but pasta was dry and cold
2	This place is only getting 2 stars as they comped my salad, meal, glass of wine, and soda without me asking to.WORST dining experience EVER. First off, not even a fan of this place, but it was a coworker's birthday, and she chose to dine here. It was Race Week in Charlotte, but the restaurant was not overly packed near 7 PM. We were seated quickly, and our waiter took forever to even take our drink orders. 15 minutes in, he finally gets our drink orders. Then within the next 15 minutes, he brings out our drinks, one by one...30 minutes in, we finally get the freshly baked foccacia bread (which is really the only thing I like about Macaroni Grill). 45 minutes in, FINALLY takes our damn order. I was so irritated but tried to keep my cool since I was with coworkers. I asked about the pasta sampler which only caught my eye because of the proscuitto mac and cheese. It also included the sausage quadratini and carmela's chicken. I decided to order that to get a variety. We all ordered salads as well to start. About 20 minutes later or so, the diet coke I ordered never came, so I asked for it. Then he slowly brings one salad out at a time. REALLY? First one, no dressing. Second one, no bleu cheese. Third one, no bleu cheese or pancetta. Fourth one, no ranch dressing on the side or pancetta. Mine, no pancetta. Only the caeser salad was the one that came out how it should be. About...30 minutes later (we were there for over 2 hours...we had no issues talking and hanging out, but it was getting ridiculous!) our food finally came out. As the manager started bringing out the dishes, I mentioned that our salads were all wrong (I finally mentioned as I didn't want our food to be "messed up"), and he apologized. Then a server starts to hand me a dish that was completely off and not mine. So...I got to wait for 15 minutes while they re-created my dish, and being the slowest eater of the group, I was tempted to just take it to go. Another dish did not have the mozerrella cheese she had requested. When my food finally came, it was all lacking in flavor. The mac and cheese was as dry as can be, boxed mac and cheese would probably have been better, and I think there were two chunks of proscuitto, the size of a penny. I barely touched my meal, and pushed it aside.When the bills came, I had heard him say they took the salads off the bills, which was great. I didn't see my bill, and was told everything was taken off. Which was a really nice gesture, but since we were expensing to the company, it was a time where I wished I was paying out of my own pocket. Overall, I would never dine here again. Servers really need to learn how to question the cooks if obvious ingredients are missing, and not hand dishes out one by one. The cooks should also know these standard dishes like the back of their hands and keep the food consistent.
3	Been to this place last Friday for dinner. At first we were served with bread and olive oil. I ordered, "Blood Orange Cosmo" my husband ordered ,"Sorrento Lemonade"they were OK!   For main course we ordered Alfredo pasta and  Chicken Milanese. Pasta just ok! but Chicken Milanese was awesome seasoned perfect and well cooked. The portions are very big.How can we leave Italian Restaurant  without Tiramisu but too much of Rum.I am unhappy because of the service.,
2	We have always loved Macaroni Grill in Winston and Greensboro.  We were visiting friends in Charlotte and chose Macaroni Grill to meet.  The restaurant was practically empty on a Sunday afternoon when we met.  The appetizers were great (baked prosciutto and mozzarella; zucchini fritti) but the service was mostly non-existent.  I was surprised  because the server didn't have a lot of distractions to consider (very few other customers).  The fettuccini alfredo was very dry (they forgot one order and rushed to make it).  The chicken under a brick was awesome and probably the only reason I gave 2 stars above.  Everything else (except the friends) was disappointing.
4	I have eaten here a dozen or so times in the past decade, and have always had a very good experience, so am baffled by the negativity. Food is SO much better than Carrabas, Olive Garden, etc., I don't know if locals don't know good Italian food when they taste it (I'm from Boston, which has many great Italian restaurants), or if it's a weekend problem (I almost never eat out on weekends, since service is always worse on busy nights at any restaurant). We went Wednesday for my birthday, and it was great; the Italian nachos appetizer was one of the tastiest dishes I have had in last few years, and the bill was less than I anticipated. My favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte, not a 5 star Chicago/NY/Boston restaurant, but it is very good for the money, and I heartily recommend it.
4	This restaurant is a huge surprise, and a good one, too!  Here's why:For a chain, the menu is surprisingly upscale!  Lots of different choices, new and trendy flavor combinations, and different serving sizes available on some items.  The food is fresh and appears to be prepared with care and dare i say it, a sense of pride!My latest visit here I found myself ordering the Parmesan Crusted Sole.  This is seriously one of the BEST dishes I've ever had in a restaurant.  Let me qualify that by pointing out that I've dined at some pretty special places both locally and across the country.  Seriously, one of the best meals I've had, period.  The fish was perfectly cooked, the lemon butter sauce was silky and perfectly balanced, and the side dish.. oh man!  It was Orzo with radicchio, spinach and sundried tomatoes.  This along with the delicious bread was perfect.Before I left I glanced at the menu again, and even though I was stuffed, I found my mouth watering over things like Oven Fried Feta, Shrimp and Avocado Brushetta, and some amazing sounding pasta dishes.This chain has changed a lot over the years.  Their food is much more modern and inventive than what you see at most Italian themed places.  There seems to be a broader influence to the menu.As for service, I simply could not have asked for better service.  Polite, attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.  This is a place I suggest you don't pass up!
3	Stopped in for dinner for the first time on Sunday night.  It was about 5:30 PM and the place was nearly empty.  Just two tables occupied.  Of course it was raining cats and dogs which surely kept many at home.  But what was odd is that the entire staff was running around organizing everything for the dinner service as if they had just arrived even though they open at 11:00 AM on Sundays.  Again, kind of odd.  But regardless, I was seated and served promptly, the beers were ice cold and refreshing, and the food came out fresh and as ordered.  I ordered the Lasagna and a Caesar salad.  Accompanied by a tasty loaf of bread with olive oil, it was very good.  Really hit the spot on a dreary, rainy day.  I would not anything was special.  Just very good. I'm sure I will be back.
2	I try to stay away from the chain joints because I always find myself writing mediocre reviews...and I hate writing mediocre reviews.  This was a work lunch so I had to attend.  Well, on to the review...restaurant from the outside seems clean and welcoming.  All of the stone work gives you the feeling of an Olive Garden.  Hostess greeted the group quickly and was ready to seat us.  1.00pm on a Thursday must not be a popular time.  We were quickly escorted to our table and I immediately noticed bags of rags(kitchen or waiter rags) scattered across one of the dining tables.  I have to say...I am glad we were not seated at that table.  I am making the assumption they were clean.  I sure do hope so because they could have just been sitting on our table prior to our arrival.  Not a great presentation of the dining area.  Waitress came by, wish I had got her name, but she was very..what's the word I am looking for?  Maybe invasive, like a bull in a china shop?  I have never been reached over so much in my life without an excuse me or pardon me.  Apparently, drink orders, appetizers, and entrees are written in crayon on the paper tablecloth in front of me.  Not really my favorite way of taking an order but...just my opinion.  Had a warm spinach salad with shrimp.  Hmmm, I know it's lunch and everything, but 5 overcooked frozen shrimp?  Tough, clearly overcooked, and just downright horrible.  I think I would have had better luck buying frozen at the grocery store.  I rarely complain anymore because its just not worth it and I don't have the time.  Will not be visiting again.  I hope others have a better experience with different entrees.
2	Have been going here for a while. I loved what they did to their menu last year, but the quality has dropped since my last visit 3 months ago. The Parmesan chicken was not cooked well - it was like a giant gelatinous chicken nugget. The brick chicken didn't taste fresh. It was like a fast food chicken with that really dried out taste. I can't describe it but it was like the graininess of processed chicken. I really supported this place for over a year, but their quality has noticeably dropped. The salad was meager - I mean very small. The staff was profusely nice; the managers were very apologetic, but I begged them to understand that the quality of the chicken was just low - not their preparation.
4	Look. You know what you're going to get at Macaroni Grill. I'm not going to ding a place just because it happens to be a mega-chain restaurant. It's your fault if you go to the Macaroni Grill expecting home-cooked Italian food. They do the standards well and have a few signature dishes that I enjoy. In addition, you may substitute rice pasta for any of the pasta dishes, so that's a plus. Like many things in life, if you go in with the proper expectations, you won't be disappointed at the Macaroni Grill. Also, how can you not love a place that let's you pour your own wine?
1	o sole mio.. o sole mio... I forgot what I ate, and I forgot what I drank..Says a lot about this chain restaurant.  While it does not dissapoint, it is not memorable at all.The hostess was kinda grumpy. We had an extra person , and she had to move us.. and she was all huff and puff.. I was like, lady, the place is empty.. why you mad?Anyway, i totally cannot remember what i ate here..
4	Good service and food. Was surprised by other reviews. Server was Cody, who was attentive and knowledgable. The food was served fresh and hot in a timely manner.
4	I only had a lunch take-out here so I can't say about service, but the inside decoration and atmosphere looks nice. The food - a half/half with salad and pasta was FANTASTIC.
1	Buyer beware! These fools will tell you that they have a reservation saved for you on the phone, but deny you made it when you show up. A late black woman who somehow plays the role of hostess is rude and doesn't care that they messed up and didn't log your reservation. The food is bland, and the pasta is overcooked and/or nuked. Furthermore, the COOKS got into a fist fight.
2	It's a Macaroni Grill... not much to say about this... if you have gone to one, you have seen them all. Nothing is really memorable. Including the service. Prices are reasonable.
3	I have to admit, the food here is much more tasty than in any other Italian restaurant I've gone to, and I will definitely want to go again to try other dishes. The decor reminded me of being in Italy, where you can see the chef making fresh bread in the oven, and you're surrounded by brick walls and dim lights. I decided to "Make Your Own Pasta," and made a shrimp alfredo pasta with angel hair and asparagus. Very interesting to add the asparagus, but I definitely did not regret it. The downside, however, is that the portions were pretty large, so I was unable to finish. BUT, it did make for a great leftover meal for after going out. Our waiter was great, too! He gave great suggestions and substitutions for different dishes, and made us feel comfortable and thought of. However, the pricing was pretty iffy and I wouldn't want to always to talk all the dishes home, so I wish the portion sizes were smaller.
3	The portions! So big!!! Enough for 2 people. The bread! Freshly baked and warm... and moist and yummy! You need to ask for it if it doesn't come right away.The apps are good. My favorite was the melted cheese... fuendo I think it was called. It was addicting!  Melted mozzarella cheese mixed in with other cheese. With bread to spread the cheese on. And they give you a lot of cheese... melted stringy goodness...The main courses were huge! I had the chicken and mushroom cannelloni.  Very good. Little salty, but good.I was so full I couldn't do dessert... and that doesn't happen very often...
1	Terrible service. Had to ask for refills. Waitress disappeared. Had to ask someone to find her. Food quality has diminished from what it was. Thought I would try them again. Not coming back. What a shame. It used to be a great restaurant.
1	Thought the staff was incredibly rude. With out anyone else in the restaurant, my party of four was asked to wait. After we were seated and ordered our food did not all come out together. My seafood portofino dish had about a cup of  oiling the bottom of the plate
1	The food sucked!  The Calimari was disgusting and my canniloni tasted like it came out of a frozen box.  My water was good. Servers, you're supposed to serve, so prepare the table for the food to be brought out so we don't have an uncomfortable guessing game while you hold a hot plate over my head.
