4	I walked in at 5:30 on a Friday evening and was helped right away.  I got the "basic" manicure and pedicure package and received a pedicure in a massage/spa chair, a nice foot/calf massage, a nice hand/forearm massage, and pretty nails all around.  I believe the price for this package was $32.  I found out that they do design work and will probably go back as I sometimes like to get holiday-themed toe nails.
4	I had to update because I finally got some design work done on my pedicure.  Peter did a GREAT job painting little flowers on my toes and added a little bit of sparkle and bling that upped the cool factor.  They have 2 big books full of examples of the types of design work that they can do; really, the sky is the limit.
3	Did great on French pedicure, loved the sugar scrub. Parafin treatment was good, leg mask not really worth the time.
4	I've actually been going quite often for the french gel polish manicure. For pedicures, I would still advise skipping the mask.
5	After trying many different nail salons in the Gilbert area since moving here, this is the best one I have found! They are clean, do great work, and they always have enough staff so you are not rushed through your appointment.
3	Their service is great, their chairs are great, the SMELL is unbearable...  I honestly will not go back here simply because the BBQ place next door, mixed with the incense that they burn in the nail salon and overall nail polish smells combo are too much for me to handle. I can't relax with all those smells going on!! If they moved and cut out the incense I'd be back over and over again!! If you can handle the smell, I'd highly recommend. I've gone twice and their gel/shellac manis last and their pedis are awesome - they do the paraffin dip!  Around $65 for both.
2	I could not catch a break for nail salons on Thursday 2/27/14. I went in here after a horrible experience with service at the My Nail Spa across the street. The service was great in the fact that they were all pretty pleasant. BUT I got a polish change and it literally looks like a 10yr old painted them. They're very lumpy and blotchy. I explained this to the tech that did them and she immediately told me they're fine. After sitting under the dryer a bit I told her again, yeah no they don't look good to me. And she said that it was because they were still wet....now I'm no nail tech, but I've been getting my nails done for YEARS and hearing that they look like crap because they're  wet was news to me. Mind you, it's now Friday and I'm certain they're dry and guess what? They still look like poo. I'm torn between going back and asking them to fix them, or just going to my normal spot and never trying out somewhere new. I'm sure they either won't fix them or they will talk about me the entire time. -.-
4	I went here after stopping by Greenfield Nails and not being able to get in. This place is right next to my house. The girl who did my nails did a fantastic job! I got acrylics; white tip and she used clear powder.  Perfect! As for the smell -- - it is offputting in the beginning but I got used to it.
5	This place is great- they are quick but do an amazing job!  All if the techs are solid so you can really have anyone and still be guaranteed an amazing job!
1	Very disappointed. Went in with a friend to get pedicures and they took us both back. They started right away on my friends nails, however I sat and sat and sat.....oh and I sat. With my feet soaking in hot water for about an hour before anyone even touched me. I was going to do the deluxe, after all it was my only lone outing in a long time since I have a baby, why not treat myself.. Nope.... I had to get the basic due to my friend being completely done. And we had already been there an hour. I had to go. The lady seemed super annoyed and never even said hello to me. The owner walked,around,very awkwardly....and did nothing as I sat there....I can't even believe I had to pay,for that. The same lady that did my toes,walked,up to my,friend and grabbed the toe separator out of,her toes with out any warning.. Just weird....and rude... Until next time....maybe I'll get a decent pedi
