3	Located in South Park Mall, this Starbucks location is a good place to stop and grab a coffee while you're shopping. It's pretty tiny and there are only a couple seats, so it's not really a good place to hang out or meet someone. There are, however, a bunch of comfy seats just outside the Starbucks in the mall area. I've been more impressed with service at other locations. The tween employees were pretty wrapped up in their own gossiping here.
5	As someone who works in SouthPark, I visit this Starbucks A LOT. And for the most part, it's your standard mall Starbucks. But the employees here really make the difference. They're all friendly and cheerful and they remember their regulars and their drinks. It's the only Starbucks I visit with any kind of regularity. It's that good.
4	Huge patio, beautiful shopping center, ALL NC BRICK, attached to Harris Teeter
4	Great spot at front window to watch the foot traffic, including some stunning South Park beauties. I'm just glad I don't drink double carmel cafe lattes with shots of expresso, low fat with Spenda ad infinitum. My pedestrian tastes for the basic cup of Joe get me in and out quickly.
5	I like the service and the people.Starbucks = typical coffee, right? But I always get my go-to drinks that are fruity. - hot caramel apple cider, delicious during thanksgiving holiday- hot peppermint chocolate, great during Christmas time- berry hibiscus refresher, my fav. of the moment for the everyday- passion fruit lemonade sweet tazo tea, used to be my go-to, everyday, until the refresher- strawberry shake like thing, it is not bad, if I feel for a strawberry milkshake ordeal
3	Grab a coffee, and window shop. People watch. Sip. Enjoy.
4	Convenient location inside Southpark Mall. Nice for a little pick me up while shopping. There isn't much, if any, seating. Friendly baristas and fast service.
3	This Starbucks is the epitome of the Starbucks capitalism. I have been frequenting South Park for the past 15 years and recently they remodeled this Starbucks so that there is no longer public restroom...are you serious? What's worse is this Starbucks has zero seating other than 3 bar stool spaces facing the window...no thanks, looks super uncomfortable and cramped. This Starbucks is not one you can go to to do anything other than get a drink. Don't even try bringing your work here to study, you won't be ale to. You might as well go work in the food court tables on the other side of the mall. Service is ok, but they do get drinks mixed up sometimes.
3	Just your avg Starbucks nothing special
3	Normally this place is decent. But lately the customer service has been going downhill. Today I received my glazed doughnut still in the plastic bag. They weren't even busy. I have NEVER had this happen before. It takes 2 seconds to open the plastic and stick it in the paper Starbucks bag. I know that's probably silly to complain about.  Then the other day I was in line for 10 minutes while the lady at the register talked to this one customer. After just talking, the lady says, "by the way, your card was declined." And then spends a few minutes taking the different card and then talking to one of the other employees before helping the other 4 people in front of me. Their customer service is lacking, my drinks aren't always good, and they're so slow. Just wish they'd up their game a little.
4	As usual I had very good service at the Starbucks this time. Actually a little better due to the fact that their system is down they were giving everybody free drinks because they could not charge them for a drink.
