4	I love Jimmy John's as of recently. I'd had it in Nebraska a couple of times and was never really fond of it because they didn't have mayo, mustard, etc.One day, I realized that if you ask for "everything" on your sub, it means only about half of what they have and you have to ask for everything you want individually. At this location, I asked for "all freebies except sprouts and cucumbers" which includes lettuce, tomato, onion, and something else. "all sauce" which includes mayo, mustard, and oil and vinegar. I then asked to add hot peppers.When I got my sandwich, it had sprouts on it, no hot peppers, and no sauce. hmmmmThe second trip in, I just said I want everything they have except cucumbers and sprouts and it still wasn't right.After taking your sub back to the counter and telling them they made it wrong, it ends up tasting REALLY GOOD, however I ordered delivery one time and it came wrong when it showed up at my house, this was especially annoying. It must just be a Jimmy John thing because Blimpie and Subway I have no trouble getting the sub the way I want it. If you go here, be really clear about what you want on your sandwich, and you will really like it.
5	Inhaled my first Jimmy John's sub this past Wednesday and not only did it taste great but the price point was lower than any sandwich in Downtown. I opted for the tuna, added cheese for 75 cents and *still* escaped having paid about $5.50 for an 8-inch sandwich. Great value.What I like best about Jimmy John's is the bread. Growing up in Minnesota my favorite sandwich shop was a place called Erbert and Gerbert's and Jimmy John's bread is almost an exact match. In fact, their subs are a perfect hybrid of E&G and Cousins.Beyond the tasty sandwich I thought the staff was incredibly friendly and the music was surprisingly bangin'. Might have been Taylor Dayne on the stereo, I can't quite recall. Seating inside the shop is a little tight but if you head outside you can chill out with Five Guys Burgers & Fries patrons and enjoy the hustle and bustle of Washington Street.
1	Very bad experience here. Service was beyond bad and the sub was at best just average.
1	I see no reason to ever eat here again.   They add *nothing* to the eating scene anywhere and in fact tremendously detract from it. Because of this place, I'm going to have to add to my list of "Signs You Need to Eat Somewhere Else."   Rule:  If there are photographs of the food on the wall at an American restaurant you're probably in the wrong place.   To be sure, the quality of the photography will be inversely proportional to the quality of the food.  If the guy's son made it with a point and shoot, stay.  If there was a contract to Industrial Light and Magic, as must have been the case here, leave immediately.  Rule:  The number of registered trademarks you encounter  is inversely proportional to how long you should stay.  Jimmy John's has like 17 trademarks on their name alone.  The joke must be on them--their lawyers have conned them into spending a fortune to protect a concept nobody in their right mind would ever steal.  I poured over their menu before deciding on the Bootlegger Club.  Maybe I was hoping with a name like that it might border on the cutting edge, maybe it'd be so good it'd be illegal.  I told them what I wanted.  I said "everything but onions" twice and listed the specific ingredients twice.  Yes, I did want oregano.  That's five times now.  The sandwich was the biggest culinary disappointment in recent memory.  If you're wondering how they sell sandwiches for cheap, it's by putting nothing on them that's worth anything.  I'm looking at the picture of a sandwich on the wall while I attempt to figure out what the hell I got.  This isn't just McDonald's dressing up a shellacked hunk of ceramic for their marketing--Jimmy John's is a blatant lie.The sandwich on the wall was overflowing with meat.  Mine was overflowing with iceberg lettuce.  The wall sandwich had many slices of meat, mine had about two.    The *only* thing that had any flavor in my sandwich was the spartan accompaniment of mustard.  When I ate it, I was missing Yaz Deli, the immigrant/family-run standby  when I worked in the same building.  He got all his shit from Costco and put together a meal with four times the value this place ever could.  That guy spoke a hundred words of English but never once remotely fucked up my order like I got here.  I was missing Subway, and I didn't know that was possible.  Subway wouldn't have been the waste of money Jimmy John's is.  I might have even justified my single star because this place does keep many people employed, two that were extremely good looking.  It's overflowing with attitude and Gourmet and instructions to enjoy myself, but I just cannot fathom how I am supposed to.There are far better potential uses of the space it occupies in the building.  It's not worth the sales-tax revenue to a cash-strapped city.  It is a travesty that it occupies such a significant corner downtown.  Your money should be spent elsewhere. "Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted."   read a sign on the wall.  I will let all the ironic volumes of bullshit in that speak for itself.  -2 out of 10.
3	I wrote a review for the JJ on Bell and gave it 4 stars.  A reason for this one at 3.  Same service and good employees.  However the sandwich seem shorted and less delicious.  Lacked on the sprouts and sauce, two necessary plentifulls in my book.  Since I work in the area I will of course revisit.
5	Crazy busy lunch!  Super fast. Keep in mind there are white bread rolls baked there on site...Yes, the ones you don't want to admit you came in contact with due to dietary restrictions.  Just DO IT.  There is super high calorie thick sliced wheat bread, if that makes you feel any better.   And it is totally good!!!!Leave the thick spread of mayo on the high calorie bread and enjoy.  All you could with for is mac and cheese as a side dish! I give 5 stars because they ONLY have provolone cheese and have guac! Ya, you can choose lower calorie if you take time, but what fun is that????
4	Yummy and cheap!  Can't beat that...... the bread is reminiscent of Cousin's bread to me (which I love), but the quality of the meat was waaaaaaaaay better.   This location is close to my work, and parking is easy (and free with validation) in the underground lot at CityScape, so I'll definitely be back!
2	Ate here at lunch today for the first time. "eh" is all I can say. I came in around 12:45 and even though no one was behind me in line the twerp at the counter made me feel very rushed. I ordered a Turkey Tom. This was basically a big white dried out sandwich roll with a couple of slices of turkey, a butt-load of shredded lettuce, a couple of sliced tomatoes and some mayo (I requested no sprouts which are normally also included). What is supposed to be gourmet about that? The sprouts?  I also grabbed a chocolate chunk cookie. Not even worth eating the whole cookie. Really. I see no reason to return and don't understand how they can call themselves gourmet...
3	A pretty good sandwich for cheap, but it's definitely not anything that can justify the massive line that stretches out the door during lunch on an average workday. While Jimmy John's is head and shoulders above Subway, Quizno's and other sandwich chains, I just don't find it better than the dozens of smaller sandwich shops and delis around (although I will give it the benefit of lower prices). What really sets Jimmy John's apart is online ordering and delivery. That's something hard to find in this area for this kind of food. And like a lot of people in this brave new world, I seem to enjoy minimizing human contact when it I can use my computer instead. Here's an important tip, If you're going to get food from Jimmy John's for lunch on a weekday, be sure to order and pay for it online. I avoided the line by walking straight up to the pickup area, and asking the guy for the order I already paid for. It would actually be nice, if Jimmy Johns had a spot to pick up online orders. Why should I wait in line if I was smart enough to take advantage of this service? The website is simple to navigate through and you can easily ask for more or less of any condiment you want to add or delete. My sandwich was made exactly how I ordered it. As for the food itself. It's great for a quick service sandwich shop. I had the country club on wheat. The ham and turkey is good. The condiments were as good and fresh as your going to get at a sandwich chain. The bread is awesome, but there is way too much of it. Every bite had more than double the bread than the meat and toppings combined. Even as a carboholic, I'm turned off by this ratio. As I already said, a good sandwich for the price, but not worth using up your whole lunch break to get.
4	Delicious, cheap sandwiches -- good any day and they always make them incredibly fast
1	I think the only thing that could make this place more chaotic at lunchtime is if the building were on fire. Even then, you probably couldn't tell the difference.I was told the sub rolls were no good so she put me in a 7-grain.... which was $1 extra. They sold me a drink for iced tea (only there was no ice. Or tea. And no plans to refill either). Slightly warm lemonade to wash down my turkey sandwich? WHERE DO I SIGN UP!?!?Such prime real estate deserves better... Prices are cheap but much better sandwiches around town. I'd take a knuckle sandwich over a Jimmy John's.
3	Delivers! In downtown Phoenix!  On a Saturday!While I still don't feel that this chain deserves the praise that many people give it, I have a new found appreciation for this location.  When you work downtown on weekends, your options are already limited.  And it's even harder to find a place that will bring the food to you.
3	I have to tell you that I have had a hit and miss experienced with this place. My expectations were very high the first time I ordered there (which was delivery, free delivery BTW). I had the big porker sandwich, kinda disappointing. Their deal here is that the bottom line price of the sandwiches is cheap, but then all the add-ons cost extra.The second time I went, I must say my faith was restored. I ordered the gargantuan, which was totally hooked up the way it was presented on the menu. My tip would be that if you are going to go here, then actually go and sit down and eat, don't order delivery. Plus, ask the staff about all the add-ons. Usually they will be good about giving you tips on ordering so that adding extras doesn't cost you.I actually thought the food was good, the sub roll was excellent, had a bit of a crisp crust (which is how I prefer Italian bread). I personally have other joints I prefer for a sandwich downtown instead of this place.
1	I've tried Jimmy John's twice now, and both times I've been disappointed. Although I have a masochistic streak now and then, I'm not going to give it a third try--too much pain for me! Visit one:  good sandwich, lots of food for the price, relatively quick, but no ice and soda was warm. In the summer in Phoenix, cold soda is kind of a basic need. And they didn't say anything about this until I had already bought a soda. I would have wanted to know in advance that I was about to drink lukewarm soda on a 110 degree day. But things happen and I needed a quick lunch to bring back to the office, so I thought I would try them again today. Bad idea. Visit two:  stood in line to order for 10 minutes. No movement at all. I counted 11 people working behind the counter, but no one taking orders for some reason. I should have left, but I decided to double-down and wait a bit more. When they finally took my order, the woman behind the counter muttered something about their meat slicer being broken since yesterday, so they were running out of things. Really? Um, get a new slicer if your business depends on it, like this one does. I ordered a sandwich right off the menu, then proceeded to wait another 10 minutes for my sandwich. Actually, I got mad when other people who just walked in were getting their sandwiches, and I had to "reorder" by yelling my sandwich order to the people making the sandwiches. No apology ever for the 20 minute wait. I wasn't the only customer wondering what was going on today--I suspect that Jimmy John's lost a fair share of goodwill with a lot of people. There are now plenty of good places to eat in downtown Phoenix, and I will now frequent them instead. It's too bad that Jimmy John's can't get its act together, because the sandwiches are decent. My lunch equation:  Decent sandwiches + crappy service = I'm not returning
5	Love this sandwiches.  Love the delivery service - it's free!  The Vito is terrific.  So is the Beach Club.  So good and so cheap.  $5 for a super good sandwich?  I will take it!
2	I really want to like this place, I really do. But, they have yet to get a single order correct. Still good sandwiches, but not what I order. Wrote in to the customer service e-mail twice and they could not bother themselves with even a simple acknowledgment that they got it... Just really really bad customer care...
3	Recently I have eaten at this location and the Deer Valley location (Which I could not find here) both times the food has been good. Not the best I have ever had but pretty good sandwiches. They don't have a wide selection of sandwiches or breads to choose from. I think they do that because they are known for speed. However, yesterday at the Deer Valley location my sub took a long time to make and there was nobody in the store. Points off there. Hmmm, however, now that I think about it the guy gave me the more expensive bread option for no additional charge so that was cool! The first time I had a sub and the second time I had the club sandwich bread option. The club bread is very tasty. The sub roll was just a white roll. I don't normally eat white sub rolls. The sandwich was tasty though.I guess the place is Ok. Nothing really to write home about. I just heard Firehouse Subs opened a store in AZ so that makes me want to write home more than my JJ experience.  My friend thinks Jimmy Johns is too expensive for their meal deals. The Sandwiches run in the high 4's or 5 dollar range so I don't think that is so bad. If you get a meal she says it is 8 bucks. I didn't notice to be  honest with ya. I don't think 8 is too much. Just thought I would mention it in case anyone needs to know those things ahead of time.
3	I should take Matt M's suggestion and order online - yeah. This place gets PACKED at lunch.  The BLT sub is good, and they do make the sandwiches pretty fast, but...wow.  People overload. The employees are friendly. There's outside seating, and limited inside seating. This location is next door to Five Guys, which adds to the chaos. Pros:Downtown PHX locationOutside seatingYummy foodCons:VERY loud insideLimited inside seatingLimited chips selectionThe dilemma of downtown parking (unless you work within walking distance)I agree...order online... Lucky for me, I can just walk across the street and pick up mine.
4	Freaky fast like promised. First time eating at Jimmy John's- no lie. I was not really interested in another Subway type place. The sandwich was pretty yummy and I didn't take an hour to decide. I arrived right before the lunch rush so I felt lucky because people just came crawling out of no where to line up for Jimmy Johns. They also had like 6 delivery bike riders. Sounds like they are ready to feed an Army. Ok I tried it. Yum. I'll be back, but next time less mayo!
5	Only dependable delivery downtown. Great subs. Very accommodating.
3	Had The 8" big John.  Rare Roast Beef was very good, lettuce was cold in the sandwich good amount of mayo, not Their best sandwich, altogether.
2	I like the Jimmy John's on Camelback and since I ended up downtown I thought this was a safe bet.  Unfortunately, the quality is not the same at this location.  My Beach Club was missing at least 3 items I could identify, the guacamole, a distinguishing ingredient between just a turkey sandwich and a Beach Club, being one of them. :(Lots of options downtown, I wouldn't settle for this a 2nd time around.
3	Much better than Subway especially the tasty french bread the sandwiches are made on! However other than the bread I didn't find anything special about my sub. The location is great-conveniently located downtown near lots of businesses. The service was good and my sub made quickly. The food was nothing special.
5	A+ on the delivery time! Sandwich was delivered in less than 15 min, incredible. You can expect more business from me :)
3	I'd heard a lot of good things about Jimmy John's subs and if you're looking for an alternative to Subway, it will suffice. I do have one structural issue with the sandwiches, Mayo is good but french bread is generally a little stiff and chewy, when you get the bigger sandwiches, the mayo and bread causes the meat to slide out of the sandwich and that can cause a mess.Their sandwiches are definitely hearty. There are a couple of drawbacks to this location, during lunch rush hour they generally have two lines to order and then to stay on that side to get your food however, the soda machine and drinks are only on one side. They also don't have a good system for giving you your order, no receipt is given and you stand around looking at other patrons when they say "#1 No tomato" you are left wondering if that is yours or someone else's.As others have said the inside of the restaurant is very loud and it's usually because of the music which makes no sense. I only eat here because I work in the area.
3	Ehh, three stars because of delivery and fast service. If you have to work on the weekend (thanks boss) and you want a place to deliver, you're shit outta luck in downtown. Soooo Jimmy John's to the rescue (somewhat) and your food is delivered with pretty quick timing... As far as the food goes - I felt like I was eating a sandwich from home. I ordered the Tuna. It was decent, but the bread was terrible. It's french bread, which is hard to chew and without any kind of flavor. The tuna had cheese, cucumbers, and celery on top, so I added avocado for an extra kick... and I didn't get my kick.Not eating here again.
2	So Jimmy John's is a sub place that has a fast service theme. They are pretty quick for how busy they get. However the food isn't what I'd call good. I feel like the sandwiches are lacking character and flavor. While better than Subway it's not nearly as good as any number of non-chain sandwich places in the area such the Hero Factory or the Downtown Deli which are both great establishments. Jimmy John's is far from gourmet and I almost feel like having a sign up that mentions gourmet is just wrong on several levels. If you walk down to the area on lunch break from work or jury duty you'd be better off just going next door and getting a Five Guys burger... yes you will feel guilty about how bad for you it is but at least it's the good kind of bad and  and not the kind of bad taste bad you get at Jimmy John's.
4	There's always smiling faces and quick service when I order my veggie on 7 grain bread. It's fresh and delicious!
3	I work downtown and have limited time for lunch, so Jimmy John's is always the best option when you want/need FAST food! I have always had a good experience ordering from this location and on average, my food is delivered in 15 minutes or less. I continue to order here regularly.
5	I work for Wells Fargo across the street, and with a limited lunch schedule Jimmy Johns has always came through for me in clutch. I have never spent more than 3mins in the location no matter what time of day I arrived. That is a serious plus.The subs themselves are hard to mess up, I mean really....If you have something negative to say about a sub from JJ or Subway, just make it yourself...Thanks Jimmy.
4	What can I say, a simple sandwich with fresh baked bread!? Good and simple all the time! Gotta love JJ!
4	This is usually my default if I need lunch fast in between meetings. I order online and like 10 minutes later it is delivered! Bread is always fresh and delicious and the online system is really easy to use to place your delivery order. For a sandwich, its pretty good and the fact they deliver makes it even better.
5	AMAZING SERVICE!!! I've never actually been to this location but they have delivered to me more times than I could ever count! I never wait longer than 15 minutes, my order is always correct, and even when its 100 degrees out, the delivery guys show up with a smile. Keep up the great work you guys!
1	Same issue I have with the other location, the staff sick, rude and not helpful. Likewise, I hate their deceptive marketing, the reason they are"freaky fast", is because they only delivery within a 5 minute radius, apparently I am in a Jimmy Johns dead zone, sandwiched (ha ha) between two stores that will not deliver to me.
1	The staff is lazy and rude. The food is fine but trying to get someones attention or an order right will never happen. The 7th street and Mcdowell location is the worst. The city took away most of the parking meters downtown so you have to pay for the parking garage and between the cost of parking and a mediocre sandwich and horrible service its the easiest decision to never go back.
2	I really love jimmy johns and most locations are 'freaky fast' as they should be... But NOT this location! Every time I order from this locations it takes from 45 minutes to an hour to deliver (Note that I live 0.7mi from the location). Other than that, sandwiches are real good!
2	It's the second time I've eaten at JJs. The first time they got my order wrong. They gave my sandwich to someone else. So, TWO customers got the wrong sandwich. GM took care of me after I complained.The second time I ordered, VERRRRYYY carefully. Made sure they got it right. They did. Sandwich was good. Probably go back. On my drive out I witnessed the car in front of me almost T-boned and then I almost T-boned THAT reckless driver! Well? It was a JJs driver. Driver did not stop and just sped off, thinking I would just leave. Well, I followed back to where I just had my lunch. The driver was a young female. She was surprised by my going back. I was not going to confront her but go to the manager. He was disinterested and unapologetic about it.I called the GM from my last complaint. He was apologetic and concerned. SHE was a huge liability for JJs. No ownership was taken for her actions by her or the manager.I will NOT be going back to that location. The Subway I go to is always pleasant and I never have to fear for my life.
1	This was the worst experience of ever had a Jimmy John's I went through the drive-through and got an unwhich the lettuce was oldit was wrapped in properly I know it's hard to wrap the sandwich in lettuce but the one in Scottsdale's that's a perfect every time the sandwich was disgusting and it fell apart right when I opened it it was such a bad experience I immediately logged on to yelp The tomatoes were tiny and two of them were the end pieces The lettuce was old and super wet (0crunch)Not much avocado spreadall the taste my Unwhich usually has did not exist on this sandwich everything was so old I felt I had been robbed And I usually love to treat my self to an Unwhich Clearly this isn't a good location and wasn't the quality I've come to expect from being spoiled from the one in Scottsdale
