5	Love this place, they did our wedding and everyone loved the DJ, strongly recommend!  Charlie was the best!
5	I visited a friends wedding in Anthem, Arizona and was so impressed by these Djs!  They were amazing! They had a great selection of music and were attentive to the guests music requests. I was most impressed at the Djs ability to have the audience engaged in all the activities before the dancing. From cake cutting, to introductions, they rocked! For all the wall flowers and non dancers (me) they had created a few methods of getting us to dance too. They had everyone on the dance floor mimicking their dance moves... from the sprinkler, the lawn mower, among others. I've hosted large events and have been to too many weddings. There was never a dull moment with these guys. They made it a great time!
5	Well worth the money, Justin did a great job and kept things going right on time.  Highly recommended!!
5	My husband and I used SKM for our wedding DJ, MC, and videography.  We were thoroughly impressed with their professionalism, timeliness, and organization during the planning.  They were always one step ahead of us and made everything so easy for us.  We loved our MC, Chris.  He was very friendly and attentive to what we wanted at our reception.  He really took control, and we were worry free all night.  He kept checking in to see if I needed anything, which was very nice.  All the guests had a wonderful time at the wedding.  He had everyone on the dance floor and no one wanted to stop dancing.  The DJ, Gavin, did a great job with the music! I highly recommend both of them for your event.  We also booked our videography, David, for a great price.  We are waiting to get the video, but know it will come out great.  He stayed the whole time and even interviewed my grandparents.  I can't wait to see it.  Thank you SKM for making our night go so smoothly.  You took great care of us, and we got to just enjoy the night, our family, and friends.  Thank you!!
5	These wonderful people did our wedding this past March and I just have to say it was an absolute joy and pleasure to work with them! Miles and his group were very accommodating and the flow of the wedding was fantastic. We had people come from all over and my cousins in Florida commented how great of a time it truly was! I couldn't be more happy. And to see my wife's face throughout it all...that was my joy. Thank you so much to these great people! I like how they were always consulting with us and kept it stress free. Pricing was perfect and spot on. We were able to pick and choose a custom package and the sound was awesome. It was the best I've ever seen and I would have no problem referring these good people to anyone!
5	SKM was one of the best choices we made for our wedding.  I was worried when first selecting them because they are a bit pricey, but after meeting Nathan at a bridal show, I was intrigued enough to set up a consultation.  My husband and I were immediately impressed with how thorough they were in the planning process and booked them despite the cost.  It was totally worth it. Nathan (our MC) was super helpful with all of my planning questions throughout the process, even answering annoying texts from me the week of the wedding with last minute questions.  He offered great suggestions for timelines and songs for events.  The event itself was spectacularly run. The two-person team was flawless.  All of the transitions from tradition to tradition were well handled.  They coordinated with all of the other vendors well and with the guests.  Nathan consistently checked in with us to make sure we were having a good time.  He was involved with our guests, asking them what they wanted to hear and actually playing those songs (My uncle leapt out of his seat when Brick House, his choice, came on).   Nathan learned important people's names and used them at the wedding.  He involved guests at all stages so there was never a dull moment.  He even got out on the dance floor and taught guests the wobble.  Our guests raved about SKM and their experience.  SKM definitely made our wedding unforgettable for us and all of our guests.
5	Skm rocks! Very organized and professional. Nathan was amazing as our MC! I would recommend this company to anyone for any event! We'll done.
