4	Hustle bustle at the Dunkin Donuts - 7am on a Thurs. Picked up a dozen to bring back to SF. You gotta understand these things are little fried cakes of heaven & Sis will want to experience the deliciousness too Heck - everyone should! Got the standards - blueberry cake, old fashioned, chocolate glazed....they were all the usual DD deliciousness that we all know & luv This location is also combined w/ a Baskin Robbins, plus you'll find eggy sandwich breakfasty options but who comes to DD for anything but donuts (& coffee of course) 4-stars however for not answering your phone & making me guess at your opening hours & also for not acknowledging your customers as they come in the store. It's not nice to stand in front of a register & ignore the people standing in front of you - not even a good morning & someone will be right w/ you.....shame So just get the donuts & be on your way.  You'll be glad you did
1	I wouldn't normally write a review on Dunkin Donuts/Baskin Robbins but my experience was so terrible, I had to let others know.  Here is the quick list:1. Girl at counter was not properly trained.  She could not even tell me what was included in a Sundae.  She also could not locate cups to put my ice cream into (either inventory problems or her lack of knowledge).2. I order donuts and they are out of the basic "vanilla frosted."  I ask, and I am told there are some upstairs.  I literally had to wait for them to bring down donuts (this was at 5 PM, they were not just made).3. A couple in store finds a hair in their food.4. I get home and open my ice cream to find she had used the child size scooper so I basically was charged for a large, when she packed a small.5. No one answers the phone when I call to complain.Done and done with that place!
2	For the love of donuts, Dunkin Donuts Corporate, please close this store! This location has been through many management changes, none of which are making significant progress toward a more enjoyable customer experience. Please get rid of everyone in the store and start over with someone who will execute the brand, or close it for good.
3	I stopped in on a hot Memorial Day afternoon to get a break from the humidity.  The ice cream was good, but the A/C was on the fritz.  Also, there's only one small table downstairs (they said there was upstairs seating, but I didn't check that out).
2	Dunkin please step it up, I do run on Dunkin like lots of Americans, but you're not my desired 1st choice in Charlotte. While this great location, it was really dirty. I mean like everywhere. I grabbed an ice coffee, I don't think my server had ever made coffee before. My 'coffee' was pure sugar and milk, but that wasn't the worst part. I get workers have off days, but I can't excuse a dirty food establishment- Especially on a slow Sunday afternoon. I went upstairs to grab a sit, but  quickly left because there was food everywhere and it was freezing !
2	I've been to this Dunkin at least two dozen times over the last fews years including seeing the ownership change a year or two ago.  This Dunkin has a good location in Uptown Fourth Ward next to the CVS at Graham and 6th.  Service can be very hit or miss.  I would say 25% of the time you get good service and the other 75% ranges from rude to apathetic.  The line can be slow during rush times.  If there was another cheap bagel place nearby I wouldn't go here but I do keep coming back.
1	I have driven by this location many times.  My daughter wanted to try the vanilla chai latte that I typically share with her.  The staff members were kind and friendly.  However, when the drinks were served, they were not hot but cool.  I have no words to describe how disappointed we were.  I didn't bother to go back in.  If your workers are not properly trained to do their job, they cannot provide the customer service expected.
3	This is no longer a Baskin Robbins, its only a Dunkin donuts.   Went here for some ice cream but was disaapointed to see its only coffee now.
1	I grew up in New England and to complain about Dunkin Donuts is not something I normally do, but this was an absolute joke.  The Southwestern Steak burrito I ordered this morning looked like it was supposed to be in a kids meal.  I swear this was about the size of a pack of tic tacs.  The advertisement makes it seem like you're getting and actuall burrito, not some pocket barely bigger than a ravioli.  Then to have to pay $2.99 for it is disgusting.  Shame on you Dunkin Donuts!  Be honest in your advertising!!
