3	My dad was here for 2 weeks for physical and occupational therapy and so I was there pretty frequently to keep him company.  I'd say 95% of the staff I encountered were great, super friendly and accomodating and would joke around with my dad.  But then other times you'd experience someone who just didn't seem to want to do there job, if you'd press the call button it could take over 10 minutes for someone to show up.  Other patients could be loud, yelling in the hallways and nobody would put a stop to it.Overall its a decent facility, and I'd hate to see what some of the less nice places in town are like.  But honestly, its nice to not have to go there everyday anymore.
1	My Mother had the unfortunate experience of being there for 6 weeks in rehab. Although the place looks nice, after searching many places this one seemed to be the best, although we were not overly impressed. She needed to get out of the hospital within 2 days.  I have hesitated saying anything ,because  there are some nice employees there. My Mother's experience was one of total neglect. Aside from being served molded bread on several occasions, they would also bring her meal tray, drop it and go, even though she could not even reach the tray. I think the most overwhelming problem is apathy on the part of employees. If it was not for my sister who was there daily, nothing would have been done. As she could not walk during this time, she was wearing protective diapers with a pad on the bed. On several occasions my sister went in and my Mother had been sitting in her urine for several hours. She even got a sore on her back from it. When my sister removed the pad it was so saturated from sitting for several hours that it fell apart. My Mother needed water. She would call someone. They would always tell her they would be right there. Once a nurse came in and said she would be right back. An hour later she called again and asked what happened. They told her that nurse went to lunch. Now, if this was one or two incidences I might not complain, but this was daily. One nurse came in and told my Mom, "You stink." Those were her exact words. I would like to know what she would think if someone said that to her Mother! Although my Mother needed rehab to walk, she is of sound mind and very with it. My Mother would tell me she would be calling and the nurses would be in the hall laughing and carrying on, not responsive in the least. Total neglect of a patience's needs. When the director was informed, I think he tried to brush it off. We made several complaints during her stay there. We were not asking for any special treatment. We just wanted my Mother to be taken care of with dignity and respect. If you don't have the humanity to work with older people you need to move on to another line of work. They get away with it because they can, that's why they do it. Please don't send your loved ones to this place. They seem nice to your face, but as soon as you leave they have carte blanche to do whatever they want, with obviously no accountability to anyone apparently. It breaks my heart that my Mom was treated this way. No one deserves this!
1	My father was in this facility for a short time (3 days).  I can not recommend this facility.  Observations:1- Staff seemed preoccupied with weekend planning and other activities outside of the workplace.  2- Below average sanitation.  3- Bathroom light was not working upon arrival and was not repaired for 24 hours.  A bit of an issue with physically challenged patients.  4- Staff did not seem competent in terms of how to operate equipment.  5- If I had not actively transferred my father, I do not think that he would have been removed from the bed nor taken to the bathroom during this period.  6- My father did have a bath by PT/OT.  The PT person seemed qualified and was very nice.  7- Food was average in quality.  After this experience, we promptly moved my father to another facility.  The best move we ever made.  Since this facility is operated by CMC and has a good rating on the Medicare site, one would think that this was a reasonably good facility.  Moreover, the facility has a prestigious address.  However, my experience was suboptimal.
