5	This is the first place I went to in Fashion Show Mall, and I was truly impressed...not only by the clothing selection but also the prices.  Most of the incoming season pieces were far above my price range, but they had a pretty huge sale/clearance section.  In a store with $100+ pieces, I got a badass t-shirt for $10!  They also had cute shoes but I chose not to indulge too much.  Definitely a place to visit if you're going to be doing some shopping in Vegas and want to buy some dressy clothing for less cash than a lot of the other stores around.
5	Found this store a few years back when it was the only store in the west coast. This is one of my favorite men's retail store. Zara is spot on with it's fashion forward designs, it's beautiful European cuts, colors, texture, and style. It is incredibly hard to find affordable men's tailor fashion without breaking the bank or having to resort to Prada, Marc Jacobs or Hugo Boss for suits that fits like a glove. Zara's prices are extremely reasonable. For a budget of $300, you can score a nice suit that  has the details and styling of a comparable designer suit that usually cost at least $1500. Think of Zara like an high end version of H&M mens.Service is excellent. Store is very clean. The women's selection is out of control. They have everything. So it's a great place to shop with your g/f or wifey.Btw, the Vegas store has a larger men's department than the Santa Monica, California location.
1	I really like Zara as a brand, but this store was not a good representative of its brand name. We walked in with 15 minutes until closing and they immediately asked us to leave because my dear sister had a drink in her hand. They even had the door closed already, so the salesgirl had to slide it open again just to let us out.My theory is that they just wanted to go home - and that in the name of customer service is not right. When I worked retail (for 6 years!!!) we did our jobs until the customers were done purchasing their items. We even did it after the clock struck 9pm.This store needs to learn a little about customer service even BEFORE 9pm. It's too bad really, there were some cute dresses I might have purchased.
4	This location definitely has one of the largest Men's departments among the Zara stores I have been to. I was lucky enough to have visited when half the store was on sale (up to 50% off). Unfortunately, nothing really caught my eye and did not end up with anything. However, a great place for affordable trendy pieces perfect for that Las Vegas club look. One of the few places where you can get a slim fitted button down dress shirt or loafers which cost $$$ more elsewhere.
3	I bought the softest leather brown booties on sale here.  I came after Christmas and the store was packed!  I would say 90% of the store was on sale, but I don't think the sales are that great.  During Thanksgiving weekend, I saw a blazer on sale for $40, that was still there on the 26th of December, still for $40.Fitting rooms are great, no hassle since the employees don't count how many items you carry in.  The best fitting room is the large handicap one on the end, all the others are either too small or smell like piss.The only thing that annoyed me a lot was that even though they had 3 cashiers open, I still stood in line for half in hour waiting to purchase my items.  Lame.
4	Unique clothing. Not really my style. A couple of tops I liked a lot, and when I went to try them on I realized they had a little tail in the back. Like the back was longer than the front.. It just looked wierd to me.. Really cute dresses though.
5	Las Vegas Zara is greater than or equal to San Francisco Zara. Okay fine, it's clearly greater than. Which makes me sad that I don't have access to LV Zara's wide assortment of awesome, affordable, and European sized clothes for those with slender builds. Le sigh. I guess SF Zara will have to meet my XS sized needs indefinitely. But seriously, the selection here was great and they had some pretty killer sales going on too. In fact, my buddy bought an entire freakin' outfit here. It was a ridiculous outfit, but an entire outfit nonetheless. Imagine a slightly heavy-set Laotian dude wearing a tightly-fitting, pink, short-sleeved shirt, cartoon blue jeans, and patent leather white shoes. Yeah, that's how we roll. I told him he looked like a villain from Miami Vice. We high-fived and then hit the clubs.
3	First of all, Thanks to Yelpers. I became a huge fan of Zara during my recent  Hong Kong trip. It was huge, tons of choices and just overall a dreamland for fashion. I read Yelp and found out that there is a Zara store at Fashion Show Mall. I go to fashion show all the time but hardly go to the Las Vegas Blvd area entrance where Zara is. Thinking of that, I think their men's section was downstairs few years ago, it is upstairs now. That may be the reason why it didn't catch my attention in the past.I was jumping with joy and ran to the Zara store and here are my thoughts....1. I thought the store was not  cohesive when it comes to their themed outfits. Rock n Roll area, sophisticated professional, girl next door, sweetheart looks were not clearly separated in the store.2. Men's clothes - not enough variety. Boring section. I thought it was geared towards the Las Vegas club goers. 3. Sizing- I had some issues finding enough inventory for sizes (shoes and clothes).Unfortunately there isn't a 3.5 rating to rank my trip yesterday. I think that if they increase their inventory with nice and stylish outfits, make the men section less boring and have sections of different styles clearly separated. This store will be so great.Overall, I am happy we at least have a Zara store in Las Vegas. I'll try another day towards spring and see if they come up with some new collection.
4	Went shopping here with my friend for some shoes. And the experience was enjoyable. The staff were all very helpful, I think we had like 3 people helping us at once. And they all gave valuable opinions on how the shoes would look with the outfit and so forth. The store is two levels one for men and second for woman. They have a great selection of men clothing, I only been to Zara once before in Century City which was also a great experience. Anyway, if you enjoy modern/contemporary styles at a reasonable cost, go ahead and check them out.
4	I like their style!I like their color!I like their quality!I like their services.......even tho there is NO big sale on Thxgiving weekend :(Couple things I wanna to mention:1. US sells the most cheap $$ (compare to China & Asian)2. US provides the most designers' clothes3. US got the best fitting room
5	Zara is what I call LEGIT! I dig the clean, sleek, and modern look a lot and sometimes it's hard to find a good store that sells suits mainstream without needing a custom tailor. But, it wasn't that hard to find a GREAT store like Zara because it's located in the Fashion Show Mall and EVERYONE in Las Vegas has been to the Fashion Show Mall! And if you haven't been to this specific mall, you will miss out on great deals here.Note: I do not care too much, or hardly at all, for what the associates do on their down time. They can talk about their weekend as long as I can be in and out with what I want without issues :)I can spend a few hours here looking at all their clothes and trying them on. I window shop then buy so I'll try on a suit or two. There have been times where my sizes wouldn't be in stock and that's the biggest bummer about this place. I recommend asking them to hold onto it until you decide to purchase whatever you're looking for.  There are great sales in the SW corner of the store. Racks and racks of stuff. They're probably last season's things but hey! A deal is a deal! (Hint: staying fashionably behind at least one season will save you money on your wardrobe. You're welcome!)I found their suits to be the most affordable without cutting corners on quality and style. The suits are on full display and are sized with European sizes but also have the U.S. measurements as well. However, their shirts and ties lean slightly to the higher side of the dollar and don't find them to be on sale very often, but the quality stays consistent down to the tie! I've seen sales on shoes, but I'm not too hype about them. They're kind of cheap looking to me, but to each his own right? There is also a downstairs to their store for all the women and if the Zara Man has great deals and prices, I'm sure the women's quality doesn't stray far at all :)It's safe to say that I am a definite fan of Zara and enjoy their styles and deals! I will definitely continue to keep coming here for my formal and casual wardrobe shopping!
5	LOVE zara. Still wear this khaki military jacket I've purchased 5+ years ago! Very sleek and modern store, quite similar to mango and banana republic. Good store for individualists who look for different basics at a very appropriate price. Fun store!
2	I couldn't wait to stop by Zara when I was in town but what a disappointment for me. First of all the clerks need a lesson in customer service. Not ONCE did anyone offer to help me as I browsed around the store multiple times.  Can't say I was all that impressed with the merchandise either. Maybe I just caught this place on a bad day but I sure won't hurry back to go shopping here anytime soon.
4	A great store and it's nice to have everything devoted to men.I really like the trendy fashions and styles you can find here.  The quality is pretty good and the everything fits well, especially if you're a bit more on the slender/skinny side.A guy can find everything here: shirts, pants, jeans, shorts, suits and accessories...definitely worth stopping by.
3	I was drawn in by the sales signs. I scoured the racks but to no avail. Behold, I found a pair of cute polka dot shoes adorned with a delicate bow. I was disappointed - the store was a bit messy maybe because of the sale. I'm only here on vacation so I'm not a regular at this store. It's definitely not what I've seen at other Zara stores. But I was lucky to have found a cute pair of flats in my size. The sole is thin so I had to add a Dr. Scholl's insert so I could walk all day with enough support. They have cute items if you can find your size. Customer service was ok, there was a slight wait.
2	I lived this store when I lived in Spain. Maybe it's that I'm not as inspired as I was in Europe, but I just find the clothes too preppy and not at all practical. I hate polka dots and that seems to be the new thing. This is a great store for the staples though, sweaters, cardigans, shirts, tanks, etc. They used to have those things in awesome bright colors though and now it's all muted out. Oh well...Staff was super unfriendly.
5	"God, I love Zara" was what I tweeted when I walked out with an adorable pair of light distressed jeans and a white lace zippered-back top. Zara is like H&M's richer, skinner, sassier, more fashionable older sister. The San Francisco branch is my closest location, but my inability to navigate SF streets keeps me far away.Items were well stocked, organized, and absolutely adorable. If I lived closer to a Zara (or could learn to drive with the confidence and aggressiveness of a native city girl), it would monopolize my closet.
4	I LOVE Zara's clothing and always like to check out any new one I find.This location in the Fashion Mall in Vegas is down at the end of the strip, across the street from the Wynn.The customer service is *meh* which is too bad because the one in LA's the Grove has much nicer people.  I think the one who benefit's the most with this Zara's location are men.  It is a two story location with the top floor dedicated entirely as the men's department.
3	Another great place I like to shop at but its really a hit or miss at this location!  I wish its variety in product is like the one at the Grove in L.A.!
4	Zara is like the Neiman's of "fast fashion"....generally I think of the fast fashion hierarchy as such:-Forever 21 = Target/Walmart-H&M = Nordstrom-Zara = Neiman's Anyway this location has a great men's section on the second floor.  Here you can find suits to socks to shoes and everything in between.  I think the sizing runs small but maybe it's the idea that Americans are more zaftig and plump than our Euro friends.  For example some of the blazers fit me better in XL while some of the tees that fitted me were Medium or Large.  Of course you should try everything on so you can be assured that fitting parallels your expectations.    I'm not sure about the women's selection downstairs but I am satisfied with everything I purchased on my jaunt to Vegas.  Customer service was so-so as I was left to browse but when I actually needed help the associates were quick to pull stuff from the back or offer assist me in the dressing rooms. Of course with such affordable clothes I couldn't resist.
3	Great selection of men's and women's fashions. I love their genuine leather jackets! They really ought to ditch the line of faux leather  jackets though, they are kinda tacky.
5	After reading all the negative comments about their customer service I was apprehensive going in there this afternoon. But I've shopped at their London and Swiss stores and love the brand. I must admit all those fears came to naught. All the girls were very helpful. Especially the girl in the changing area. She helped me diligently for the almost 2 hrs I was there. All the staff were most helpful and prompt in checking for sizes. Great experience overall!
1	Recently went back and saw a really nice looking leather and fur coat, but upon purchasing I asked the cashier what kind of fur it was he told me it was faux-pony fur. For $400? Absolutely not. Whoever runs this place needs to wake up and ditch the faux leather and fur. It's awful! How does it make sense to wear plastic instead of natural leather or fur? It just doesn't. I've spent already $1200 on leather coats with them but this time I was really disappointed, I won't go back.
2	Awful experience at this store.  If it weren't for the clothes I'd rather not go back.  The customer service was awful.  Very disappointed.
2	Terrible customer service. Took me 25 minutes to check out for one item, with only one person in front of me. That person had about six items or so. The person working as cashier moved as slow as humanly possible to scan, fold, and bag each item. It was truly ridiculous. My time is valuable. I don't have a half hour to give away for nonsense. I'd be reluctant to go back.
1	first of all, I tried to give no star for the zara at fashion show but I can't. I was there to refund my pants which I dont like. When I talk to clerk about my issue, she called her manager to confirm it. However, the manager tried to scam me. I have never worn that pants after I bought it. She kept telling me that 'its been worn so i cant refund you' like a ROBOT. Truth is I dont give a S****about the money. I didnt like her attitude. she doesnt know anything about manager's duty. She is supposed to make her customers happy so they should come back. Even she left me during the conversation. She told me that she is a store manager for men's dept. How can I believe that ZARA trained her as a manager.She acted like 'I dont care about customer service'. Products are OK there but customer service from the manager was awful. I will never come back there. and I should call customer service for that. It was beautiful sunshine Sunday but she screwed up my day.
4	I'm a very loyal customer of Zara. I love the fact that no matter how often you go, there are always new cloths. Great sales all year around too. My only complain is the lady's fitting room. Besides the girls being grumpy and making me want to get out of there as soon as possible, the floors there are ALWAYS so dirty. Every time I drop merchandise on the floor, it picks up a lot of lint/dirt/hair. Trying pants on is even bigger challenge for that reason. Please, clean your fitting rooms! Other than that, great store!
1	Majority of the reviews on this shop is about how bad their customer service is. I'm not surprised because I experienced the same thing! Lady in fitting kept talking to her coworker about how she didn't want to be there and how she couldn't wait til her shift ended. I spotted a blazer that I wanted to purchase but noticed the front button almost coming off. (Ok, I know Zara has cute clothes but the quality is not up to par). So I asked for another one which took 10min, not bad. BUT, the second one they brought down the  stitching on the collar was coming off so I hesitantly asked if they had another one. I don't mean to be picky, but if I'm going to spend $80 on a blazer I don't want to have to go home and fix it. The guy (I hope to god is not the manager because he does not know how to manage or give customer service-had a messy faux hawk and blonde orange hair) grumbled and rolled his eyes went behind the wall and complain to his coworker in Tagalog/English saying "I don't know what her problem is that's how it's supposed to be". Wth, why are the stitches on the other side not matching? If we had this store in hawaii I wouldn't go back to this store. It's because of their cute clothes I go back.I've been to the Zara's in France and I think I rather fly and pay the extra money just to revisit because of their awesome customer service. Zara just needs to find better managers for this store.
