4	This convenient location (lots of area shopping- strip malls) has been my go-to store for arts & crafts for many years. (There used to be a Jo-Ann's on the next street but it closed.) The sunday ad is going paperless- join the e-mail club for coupons. Open 7 days. Classes available. I used to be into scrapbooking but the shift has gone to paper crafting and jewelry making (great selection)- yes, I dabble. When I was planning my wedding, we would come here for some ideas. This is a great place to find everything for crafts except fabric (Jo-Ann's has that niche). I usually just check out the jewelry making section (front, far right side) these days.
5	Great place for all sorts of crafty things. If you are into knitting or crochet the yarn selection is great.  There are books for afgans, prayer shawls and baby blankets.  If you want to pick up a silk flower arrangement they have a beautiful selection, but if want to make it youself, there is  hugh selection of flowers to choose from.  Overall, just a good place for any type of crafter. They even have many items on  sale and now will honor competitors coupons.
4	went in to look for ribbon and paint. its impossible to find gray 3/8 inch ribbon! i didnt find it here, but i did find my paint!been looking for a specific color. im gonna decorate my boyfriends graduation cap with san jose sharks colors, but since they changed their color, i have to actually make the color. i asked the manager there what to do, and he made a few suggestions for me. the other store i went to wasnt helpful at all!!!during the entire time i was there, the manager was very helpful. service was great, even at 9am!
5	one of my fave place to go and i love how they pretty much have EVERYTHING! the staff are always nice too.
5	Words cannot express how much I wish we had a Michael's store in Hawaii!!! :[ I'm a crafter so I'm always on the lookout for crafty steals and deals. It's awesome that Michael's offers coupons practically every day! And their app is great too.This location is hugeee! They have every craft thing you could possibly need. I had so much fun shopping here. Prices were awesome and a lot of stuff was on sale! I scored on A LOT of beads & cabochons. Plus fimo & sculpey clay! I love the selection of colors. There's NOTHING like this where I live :(Overall I had a great experience here. I wasn't aware of all the coupons, so the cashier even let me know which ones I missed so I could use them. Awesome! I will definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	I like Michael's, but this location is not my favorite. Just seems cramped, messy at times, and check out is slow.The location is conveniently located in a strip mall with many other popular well known stores and fast food chains. Michael's itself is good for your crafting supplies. They don't have everything but they come close.  They have good sales and usually have coupons in their weekly mailer.
4	I came here strictly to find my CANDY MELTS so I could make some brownie pops! I found the pop sticks immediately but could't find the candy melts! I was like They HAVE to be here, SOMEWHERE! They weren't in the same aisle as the other candy making supplies but if you turned the corner, BAM! CANDY MELTS IN YO FACE! Lots of varieties so I was SET!
3	I went in for a picture frame. The store was well stocked with any craft item or idea that may cross your mind. Young and old could spend hours here and leave with a bag full of goodies for their next hands-on project. I would say the employees are the reason I give it a 3. No one acknowledged me or smiled or asked if I needed help. Luckily I am familiar with what Michael's has to offer, so I didn't need assistance.
5	This is a review of the custom framing shop. I've gone here to get several high-quality prints framed and I've always been extremely impressed with the frame shop manager (Wayne) and his crew. I really cannot say enough good things about Wayne: he takes great care of all of his customers and has huge knowledge about framing and artwork. The other employees have also always been friendly and attentive, and have worked with me to make some very large custom jobs affordable. They have a huge selection of frames and matting, and there is usually some kind of sale going on that can net you big savings.
1	Had to call twice and sit on hold for 10 minutes for them to rudely tell me they don't have the item in stock. I will never visit this location based on that call.
4	Two of the least friendly cashiers I have ever met. However they do offer Pearl Necklace Classes, and no, I'm not making that up. @__@ It us a large store, with jewelry, and scrap booking supplies, as well as the usual. However, no fabric anymore, veryittle ribbon, and no lace. The floors are clean, and the bathroom is well lit, I have to see it out if toilet paper, but I don't always go on the busiest days, so do t quote me on that toilet pepper thing. It is on a handy shopping center.
4	Love this store!  I sure wish we had one in Hawaii!  We do not have enough crafts stores in Hawaii
4	One more thing...Crafts!!!I would have to say that my love for food is matched by my love for crafts.  Here in the islands, we only have a handful of full fledged craft supply stores.  Michaels is like an amplified version of it all.  Tip: buy a little, get a coupon, buy more with the coupon, get another.  Sign up for emails online, get another.  I love to find findings here and wished that we had one in Hawaii.
4	WTF!?!?! I've spent $14 on stickers!!!???? STICKERS!?!?! Oh. My. Goodness.I usually don't go to Michael's if it's not the holiday season. But no matter what, year after year, I always find myself at Michael's during the months of Nov-Dec....at least once. This year, I ventured in here to buy items to make homemade Christmas cards.It's not the holiday season if I don't go into Michael's. Maybe I like to think I'm extra crafty during this time of year....I don't know... LOL!!! (Why else would I spend 14 freakin' dollars on stickers!?!?!)
4	First time visiting this Michael's this weekend.They have a REALLY great yarn selection!  I found the stock of knitting needles lacking a little bit, as they only had a small selection of bamboo needles, but...I got what I came for, so its ok.They had a 40% coupon that I was able to use right from my phone (sometimes technology still surprises me, what can I say.)Employees were polite, and the store was clean.  :)I'll be back, next time for scrapbooking supplies!
2	If I ever decided to commit myself to a life of crime, I would warm up by shoplifting here (practice makes perfect!). As far as I could tell, for the entire store, there were two employees, both working their butts off at the cash register for the line of 10+ customers. I walked around a large part of the store without seeing another employee. So if you have questions, well, sorry, that's not really an option. Figure it out yourself. Otherwise, the store is well-stocked (for your pilfering pleasure if you're into that) and prices are the standard.
2	Very slow service.  No support from management. I was passed three times when the cashier told her I needed help. The two cashiers were nice, one young man and one expecting young lady, but the manager acted like I was wasting her time. I would think the manager is supposed to know the store as well. I brought in a flower from a previous purchase with a picture and the manager took me to all the places I had already been myself,  she did not listen to me at all. There were 6 Mason jars that where the wrong size and she told me they were the only ones left in the whole store... I asked if we could look in a certain section (I saw orange) and she said those flowers won't be there but you can look if you want and she walked away. I expected more then crappy service and I think that this Michaels would have more business if they were better to their customers.
1	My mom and I walked into this store 10-15 minutes before their closing time. We weren't in there for more than 5 minutes and they shut all the lights. Then a staff member saw us from about 8 feet away and told us that they were closing and we needed to go pay now!!! I still had not even grabbed the materials I went in there for in the 1st place, when I tried looking for them another staff member yelled at me and told me I needed to get out now!! I told her I was looking for some tulle and she yelled some more, saying "it's too late, you won't have time to pay! the counters are all closed already! You need to leave!." I had a cart full with stuff that I had to leave in the middle of the store because we were kicked out! I am never going back into that store again!!
4	I like this Michaels store. It is always clean and organized when I go here. The sales are clearly marked which is an issue I've had at other Michaels stores. The staff is nice and there is usually someone around if you have a question.
2	This is a pretty great Michael's, I come to this location a lot. I am an art teacher so I need a good go to store for crafts and supplies - unfortunately not this one. I was in there one night and needed some spray paint, so I asked for an associate. He came over to begin helping me, unlocked the cabinet to help me get some out, and then proceeded to help another customer which required him to turn his back to me. I thought No Big Deal, I know what I want and I start getting the paint out the cabinet. He turns back around, after helping this customer, and starts accusing me of putting some in my sweatshirt - "uhh hey you didn't taken any when my back was turned did you?" If I stole it do you think I would tell you!? And I didn't make the choice of turning my back to a customer when my ever so precious spry paint cabinet was unlocked - homie that was your bad, don't turn around and accuse me and then try to play it off like a joke, we are not friends. To top it off I ran in to one of my students and they witnessed him judging and accusing me, it was really awkward. If I didn't need those supplies for class the next day I would have left my FULL (why would I be stealing!) cart right there. When we live in a large city with options this is a last resort if I am driving by and remember that I need something resort. Ehh..
1	Great place to get craft stuff until you have to check out or return something. Always understaffed, always a long line. They've eliminated their customer service desk so all returns are handled at the register. That means if you want to exchange an item, you have to wait in line for the return and then wait again to buy the new item. What a waste of time!  Lousy corporate BS customer service policies = perpetually dissatisfied customers!!!
5	I like this Michaels. It's always busy but the line cuts down fast. I love how they always have 40% coupons, sometimes it's 50%. Scrap booking is so much fun and this store helps with it :)
