4	while the hopping action on crescent street was too much for my parents - i headed over here after dropping them off and met up with an old classmate to celebrate her bday.the loud unce-unce tunes at gavino's is hard to have a decent convo but cartel had just the right beats and volume. the new kid on the block offered bar bites, tacos, and even lobster rolls - all encompassing fresh and organic. best of all, it was affordable with many options under 10 bones. it reminded me of neighborhood eats in san francisco.we ended up staying into the wee hours catching up on old times.a bonus for fellas was our pretty and friendly server - after all, montreal is known to have beautiful women.
5	I might be a little easy to please since I'm a broke student and don't eat out much, but I went out for a double date at Cartel and really, really enjoyed it. We went with a livingsocial voucher, so we were able to go all out with cocktails (the basil mojito was fantastic -- I had two) and a big spread of tapas-style food: papaya salad, pork belly bun, steak taco, fried clams, and great belgian fries (with homemade mayo) for two of us, which seemed like just the right amount of food. Key lime pie for dessert, too, which was exactly sweet enough. Service was not extremely fast but we weren't in a big hurry anyway. The interior is nice and I enjoyed sitting right by the street and watching people go by. I didn't notice the music, which I think is a good sign. The prices were very reasonable. Thumbs up all around!
2	My BFF and I decided to wander the streets and discover an unknown gem as we always sometimes do. It's either a hit or miss. So come upon Cartel, and by the menu seemed a nice place to try- with such a cheap menu and so many great options, we giggled that we could try almost anything and still be affordable. She checked her services online (the reviews) and we decided to go in.With the advice of a previous review it said to order right away as it takes a while for the food to come. And so within 5 minutes we were ready and prepared for the wait. The waitress recommended that we order the "happy hour" drinks right away as it was almost 8pm. $5 wines, and beers & any mixed drinks (not cocktails). So we ordered and had the white wine. Then we ordered a bottle of Chardonnay. The waitress brought the bottle and fumbled with it for 5 minutes, she actually couldn't open the bottle. My gf eventually asked if she needed help and opened the bottle herself.We ordered the Charlevoix burger, maui burger, beef satay, chicken satay, pork belly bao, guacamole with chips.True to form the order came almost 15-20 minutes later- the Charlevoix burger and pork belly boa came first. Ah, no wonder it's cheap. They were the size of sliders, maybe a little bigger. Okay, gotta admit it was good. So good that we ordered another pork belly bao (sliders). The beef and chicken satays came another 10 minutes later. They were average, nothing spectacular. My Maui burger came another 10 minutes later. This was also ver good. Finally the 2nd order of pork belly bao came 10 minutes more later...it was COLD, as if it was sitting there for some time and then they placed it in the microwave to heat. This order was NOT good at all. By this time, we were in a need of shots. We wanted to have PATRON shots but were told that they couldn't give us the patron shots (they had to be in a drink) but any other shot we could have. WTF? Where in this planet is this place from? So we ordered $12 margaritas. They surely take their damn time in this place. Oh, and the guacamole we ordered? We almost forgot about it until it came out 40 minutes into our meal. It was MEH. We had to add a bunch of salt and hot sauce to make it better. We wanted to wait for the margaritas to eat them with. We almost waited 15 minutes! The margaritas came in short water glasses filled to the brim with ICE. I think I took 3 sips of the drink before it was all gone. OMG. What a waste.We were so excited coming in and at the end was totally disappointed. The service is below par...the girl was very nice but all the waiting didn't make it feel like any service. We were going to talk to the manager but we were in a such foul mood that we would've probably taken it out on him. Our server didn't get a great tip. NEVER AGAIN!
4	I don't usually make a point of eating on Crescent Street (widely regarded as a culinary shithole), but every now and then I'm shopping in the area and I find myself trolling the area out of convenience. So imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon Cartel, a totally unassuming spot with a big sign for $2 tacos. I went in and ate about 5 of them (some duck, some beef) and they were delicious. I also ordered a papaya salad which was small, but packed a punch. The rest of the menu looked really thought out - I mean, someone went to great lengths to spice up some old standards - I saw lobster on the menu, confit this, reduction of that, etc. The decor is very relaxed - low lighting with simple dark chairs and tables. The waitresses are dressed in uniform (very nice) they're extremely friendly and accommodating. Overall, I think this place is a little gem on Crescent. Do yourself a favor and bypass the tired old spots like Weinstein and Gavinos, or Hard Rock, and check this little casual bistro out. Highly recommended.
4	Cartel is relatively new to crescent, but it is different from most of the other offerings. The bartenders are friendly and will talk with you when you sit at the bar. They also have tons of different liquors to choose from.The food is a tapas style, but focus on Asian (satays), Mexican (tacos), and American (pulled pork, etc) street foods.  They use organic and fresh ingredients. The tacos are really good, but you need to order a lot of them to be full. I would recommend the duck tacos. Prices are reasonable.I have been a few times, but I never have seen the place very busy.
