2	Fast food in general isn't good or healthy for you at all. I'm sure folks turn to fast food just for the fact that it's fast and easy to get something when you're on the go, but I would honestly drink a gallon of water before I scarf down fast food. But when I don't have that gallon of water handy, I succumb to the temptation :/I'm a Whopper fan. I don't what's in it that draws me to it, but I like it. I don't know if folks remember the Rodeo Burger, but I took a liking to that too. And then, the inevitable happens to the not-so-popular burger ideas-- they kick the can and disappear from the menu. I like the Chicken Sandwich also. NO MAYO! I like how they decided to not charge you extra when you want onion rings instead of fries.This Burger King is open early and I snagged breakfast before heading off to work a few times. Try the Sausage Biscuit (Do not call them McAnything. They hate that! Hahaha!) with strawberry jam on it! Taste like a sweet hearty grease ball! :PI'll come back when I feel like a cheat day or something. Or feeling lazy to get anything better.
1	Quick but bad service. My nuggets were cold and they would only give me 1 BBQ sauce for a 20 piece. When I asked for 2 more sauces the said .10 cents each. I asked how much ketchup was (joking) the chick said "IDK" let me ask, and actually asked the manager. I was making a scarcastic joke/ remark.
5	Very happy with the drive thru person. I believe his name was Edgar . He was very nice and polite even though it was super busy at around 7 this morning. He cleaned my caramel frap off before he gave it to me and told me to have a great day as he gave me my straw.
3	King me! Haha, that's just a checkers/hamburgers joke to lighten the mood, because I had a bit of a bad visit to this Burger K. I was eating a Jr. Whopper alone, when I was hit by a salt packet. I looked up to see the door-flap on the garbage can swing shut, but I couldn't see anyone else in the dining room. When I finished eating, I went to throw away my wrappers and was startled to find a man crouching inside. I was doubly startled to discover it was Mark Wendy, whom I'd met recently at a different restaurant. Anyway, he tried to strike up a conversation, but I felt very uncomfortable, so I excused myself. Before I left, though Mark asked me to put my trash in there on him. He immediately went to work eating my plastic cup. I really wish it had just been like a regular garbage can.
