5	Today I went to check out a new bookstore in Downtown Las Vegas called The Writer's Block.  It had one of the coolest designed spaces I have ever seen, a very good selection plus a magical space in the back that is planned for children's literacy, publishing and various workshops starting in February. I felt like I was in a dream. Did I mention there is a big brown bunny near the cashier? The bunny was reading Upton Sinclair's The Jungle.
5	No question - THE most-impressive, unusual retail in Las Vegas. And the ONLY independent new bookstore.
5	NEAT.I love bookstores.  Scratch that: I LOVE bookstores.  I would probably wither away and expire if the places didn't exist.  So I was understandably pretty excited when I caught wind of a new bookstore Downtown.It's small and hidden a little farther down Fremont where they are still building in new things for the area, but I walked in and was instantly impressed.  A lot of interesting niche titles that you don't always see, but the choices were solid, and I really liked how well everything was laid out in the store.  They also have a unique selection of toys and other little collectible items that really caught my attention.I could have easily browsed around the books a little more, but I didn't have too much time.  The staff seemed friendly and helpful.  I do wish they had a little coffee in the store, and books and coffee just fit well together like... books and coffee.They are still in their "soft opening" phase, but I could easily see myself killing time down there, perusing books.  Honestly, I'm thrilled to see such a thing hit Downtown.  It seems to bode well for the expansion of the area.I will most definitely return.  If they continue on the path they seem to be heading on, this may be a new hangout for me.
5	Super fab. A quirky, comfy, quaint space with friendly, knowledgable staff to help guide you toward your next page turner. They have unique toys, puzzles and games too. There's space in the back for future writing workshops, plenty of books for kids, and even a real rabbit to pet/admire. Do yourself a favor and spend a pleasant afternoon at this (real) bookstore. Downtown Las Vegas keeps getting better and better.
5	A desperately needed addition to Las Vegas. The Writers Block has a carefully curated selection of titles as well as gifts in a beautiful space. My wife and I met the buyer Drew and were impressed with his helpful  and welcoming attitude. Book lovers I implore you to patronize  this business.
5	Beautiful, clean, and well-organized.  Very nice, helpful staff.  No only a very impressive variety of books, but also some really cool stuff: toys, games, pens/pencils, etc.
5	Great selection of books for every reader. Easy to find something compelling to be read.
