3	After seeing all the Capriotti's throughout the Valley I decided to finally try it.  It was an adventure getting there.  The BF turned to fast out of the Best Buy parking lot and I didn't get a chance to tell him he could just go through the Home Depot parking lot.  Oh well.  We had to do a series of turns since in Vegas that's your punishment for not knowing exactly where to go.  Once we got there business seemed pretty slow.  It was around 8pm when we got there and you have to wonder why it was so slow.  The employees were nice though.  They took our order and we waited about 5-10 minutes for the food.  I don't know what's up with the $1.50 water though.  I think that's also a Vegas thing.  I ended up not getting the water because I prefer my Brita'd tap water.  I got the Capastrami (small 7.50) which I enjoyed.  It has pastrami and cole slaw on it.  I liked that the bread was neither too hard nor too soft.  I'm not a fan of cole slaw but I have to say that it added a nice touch going along with the pastrami.BF got the Cheese Steak sandwich (Md 8.25).  He said it was "okay."  He prefers a whole bunch of cheese and bigger peices of meat (that's what she said).  I myself would have prefered more cheese on his sandwich as well.  I will be coming back since the sandwiches are ok.  I think I would have to be in a mood for them though considering how much they cost.  I'm such a cheap skate.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for new things to try and just happened to find Capriotti's and we weren't disappointed! The sandwhiches were pretty good. I got the Bobbie sandwhich which basically tasted like a Thanksgiving dinner in sandwhich form... it was unique and I actually REALLY like it. It sounds too weird when you read the description, but if you like Thanksgiving dinner, you have to try this sandwhich!! My boyfriend had the Italian sub which was just packed full of italian deli meat. They definitely don't skimp out on the meat! The sandwhich was a little greasy, but my boyfriend seemed to enjoy it. I'm looking forward to trying the philly cheesesteak next time :)My one complaint is that the shop is a little small. There are only a few stools and a small counter to sit at to eat. So probably a good place for take out, and I'm pretty sure they deliver too! A plus.
3	was good enough bread.  As a vegetarian i can't say anything about the meat.  Produce was standard enough.  The staff is friendly enough.  A little better quality food than subway type sandwiches so worth a little more as reflected in price.  Still feel like its fair for the food.  Worth checking out!
4	I love the Bobbie! How can you not? The people that work here are not the friendliest in town but I'm here for the sandwhich not to make friends.  Last time I came here my bf and I split the Medium but wished we had split the Large b/c it was sooooo good. We order it w/ light mayo b/c it needs the mayo but trying not to have too many calories. I wish I could say I've had other sandwhiches here but I cant. why would you when theres the bobbie? If it aint broke, dont fix it.
4	I was a bit wary eating the Bobbie, but O.M.G. this was an AMAZING SANDWICH!  I was staying in Henderson at the time when my friend came and picked me up.  She asked me what I wanted to eat and I said I didn't care as long as it was good.  The first thing she said was ok, we are going to get this sandwich that I have been craving for over a month and a half.  If anyone craves for something for over a month, then that sandwich MUST be delicious!  Or at least that's my rule. ;-)  We go into the restaurant, I look around and notice there really isn't much seating inside.  We were lucky to grab three stools and sit at the "bar" inside.  My friend told me I had to try to eat the Bobbie and so I did.  Be careful, these sandwiches are HUGE!  I could not even finish a small....Bobbie:  Fresh roasted turkey topped with cranberry sauce and stuffing.  Yes cranberry sauce.  I was a bit skeptical when I heard that but I was open-minded enough to try.  My first bite, AMAZING!  All of the three really go together making the sandwich whole.  This is one sandwich everyone has to try!  Unless you're allergic to one of the ingredients. =P  Also on a side note, the sandwich is cold.  Sharing is always good!
4	Obviously I'm not from around here, but I like to try places that I can't easily find back home. On my last trip to Vegas, I discovered Earl of Sandwich (at Planet Hollywood), a sandwich shop that I really enjoy. While prepping for this trip, I saw the Yelp profile of the Capriotti's near the Strip, so I decided to put this on my to-do list. Sure enough, when we were stopping by Costco, I saw this location at the corner and decided we had to try it.We got a couple medium Capastrami subs and one medium Eggplant Parmesan. The latter was pretty much the same thing you'd find in any decent Italian restaurant or freezer aisle, but the Capastrami was awesome! It has a pretty sweet flavor profile with the dressing and slaw, in contrast to the Earl's salty skew, and every bite was really enjoyable for me.However, it felt like it took a long time for them to complete our order for whatever reason, and people who ordered after us actually got their sandwiches first. On top of this place being way slower than Earl of Sandwich, I really didn't like seeing people being bumped ahead of us because we were in a hurry. Nevertheless, I'm definitely going to visit this chain again since I've gotta try the Bobbie.
5	This my "Ish". I love the Bobbie and skaw-b-jo. The guys at the counter are cool(most ) days. They've come through w/hook ups and good service.
1	Havnt had a chance to eat my sandwich yet but the one girl in the sunset store was so rude i know im not going back again after she charged me extra for sandwiches i didnt order and had to fix my order a few times i asked if they gave any military discounts to combat veterans she responded "why do they deserve a discount" my receipt name said javon but she was the only girl working there at the tine lost my buisness and anyone i can tell to people die everyday for your freedom dont ever forget that
1	My boyfriend and I were very upset with this place! We had never been there before and so we took a chance, never again. The employee who helped us was very rude, and didn't make our sandwiches right, and of course we didn't find out until we got home. All around we will never return, due to the terrible service and quality of the food.
4	Came here after a long night of drinking. The philly cheesesteak helped me nurse my hangover.
4	Not impressed at all with the Bobbie. Maybe it was poorly prepared when I tried it from this location, but it didn't have much flavor and ended up far worse than the seasonal holiday turkey sandwich at Earl of Sandwich on the Strip.I tried the Slaw Be Jo last night. It came cold for some reason and didn't appeal to me as much as the Capastrami, Still, it's really good. Might be as little as the issue of preferring pastrami a little bit over roast beef, although the meat did seem a little dry.Capastrami was still incredibly awesome the last time I had it.For this particular location, place your order by phone and they'll have your sandwich ready within minutes, possibly even faster than if you place your order in person. It's worked well for me twice now. Order a large Capastrami (for the best value per inch) and share with a friend, or else fridge what you can't finish!
1	The worst service ever! too hectic where the servers don't know what they're doing!
4	This shop was as good as most Capriotti's around town. The service was fast. The food was good. I got The Bobbie, one of my favorites. The store was clean. I got my sandwich to go so I could eat like a slob in private:)
4	Finally, a Capriotti's that doesn't suck. After having horrible experiences with the Capriotti's on Horizon Ridge, I ended up driving to Sunset at I-515 and getting my sandwiches here. For the drive I got sandwiches made properly, and that actually tasted good. I did NOT get surly service or excuses like I received at the other location. 4 Stars
2	Boyfriend and I stopped here on the way home from Costco. Being frequent customers at other locations, we knew just what we wanted. Me: Grilled Italian, no cheese, with hot peppers. Him: CaoleTurkey, no cheese. Bit of a wait, but no worries. Then our name is called and Boyfriend headed up to the register. He paid, then we had to wait another 5+ minutes for our sandwiches. I thought this was odd, being that all the previous customers had their names called, paid, got their food and walked out the door within a minute. We got home and opened those white paper wrappers with much gastronomic anticipation. Him: gleeful! Me: not so much. My Grilled Italian could not have been in contact with the grill for more than 30 seconds, total. There were no delicious, crispy edges. No radioactive orange grilled meat grease. The sandwich was just warm all the way through, like it had been left sitting in the sun for a while. Also, there were no hot peppers to be seen. Bottom line: your sandwich at this location may not be the same as your sandwich at all the other locations. Disappointing, big time.
5	This place is spectacular! Yes they use fresh food to make these huge sandwiches and the place is super clean. But for me its all about the cookies that they make each day. The cookies are hot and good I love them with milk. And I've never been more excited to tip. When you tip everyone in the place yells BEER MONEY!  The service is always fast.
4	I love Cap's.  I've stated that in previous reviews.  I would eat a Bobbie sandwich everyday if I could (but I can't, because I don't live anywhere near one!).   Their food is seriously awesome, and you need to take my word for it and go see for yourself.This location is pretty small, and doesn't have much seating.  It's definitely a grab-and-go kind of situation.  Last time I was there, they didn't have Yelp check-in offer, where other locations did.  Bummer!  The location itself gets 3 stars, but Cap's can't just be A-OK,, simply because the Bobbie is so wonderful!
3	The food here is so delicious but the customer service wasn't the greatest. When I ordered my sandwich i was asked if I wanted a drink and I said I wanted a water from the fridge that they have behind the counter. He said they would give it to me when I paid. When my food was finally ready a different employee took my money but was talking to a man that looked homeless the entire time. I asked for my water but he was so busy with his conversation that he didn't hear me. It's not a big deal because its only water but I thought it was rude for him to have a personal conversation while I was trying to ask him for something and pay so I just gave him my money and left
4	It's your basic Capriottis but the closet to where I live. I need my sandwich fix once in a while and they are reliable. The staff is friendly and get your order out quickly.  A big let down is that they don't carry Tastycakes anymore..Thumbs Down to that but I can get them at another place if I really wanted one.
4	The sandwiches are standard Capriotti's - I usually get a Bobbie, cheese steak, or  regular tuna sandwich, plus a cookie (they write an expiration time on the back so you know how long they've been out!). Consistent and good. I always order my sandwich, pop over to take care of my dry cleaning, and come back. I never have to wait long. Docked a star for a couple of reasons:1. Not really their fault, but this place is like the hotel california - you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave! It's a Henderson thing. You can't turn left anywhere! If you exit on Marks you have to turn right, but then the first opening is too narrow to reasonably make a u-turn, so you end up having to make a series of lefts instead. If you exit on Sunset, you have to cross like 4 lanes of people getting off the freeway to even get to Marks, which isn't always easy (and I am a crazy driver from LA!)2. The vents are really loud and the counter is really high, so I can never hear what they are asking me. Also, since they can't see my mouth while I'm ordering it makes it harder for them to understand me, which means that both of us have to repeat ourselves a lot, which isn't fun.
5	Good good good...had the veg cheese burger loaded with everything.  Yuuuuum, will return!
2	I don't see what the big hype is about this place I went here one time n got the chicken cheesesteak I didn't like it. Then my co workers told me I had to get the one they are know for which is the bobi I guess. N I tried it. It was still not good. N in top off it was a chopped up turkey bone in my sandwhich which scratched my throat n I almost choked on n died. N the staff wasn't nice when I walked in there was no one in line it took him 3 minutes to even look up from the grill n notice I was there.
3	The Cole Turkey is a really great sandwich. The second time I ordered it I opted for extra Russian  dressing and no mayo. The meat is real roasted turkey and is very good. The bread is soft and this sandwich is really more of a meal. My boyfriend loves the sweet & savory Bobbie (thanksgiving style sandwich). He usually orders the medium and I will order the smaller one which is plenty filling for me! Last time we had friends in town we ordered the biggest sandwich they have, cut it up, and shared it together.
5	The best sandwich there is the chicken cheese steak. It is so good. Never disappointed when I eat that.  So worth the price.
