1	Just had a very rude experience with a sales person for this company name Chris.  I live in the Tanners Creek subdivision in Huntersville and have used Insight Pest Solutions for over a year and have been very pleased.  When I greeted the sales person at the door, I informed him that I had no need and he continued to tell me WHY his company was better.  As a sales person myself, I get that and thought nothing of it.  When I told the young man I was satisfied with Insight Pest Solutions, he got an ATTITUDE AND DISRESPECTED MY PROPERTY AND MY TIME BY HIS BAD MANNERS. I called him back to let him know that he is not going to win friends and influence people with that behavior and that while I did not need his service, I couldhave recommended others.  BASED UPON WHAT I JUST WITNESSED, THIS COMPANY DOES NOT TRAIN THE BEST AND THE BRIGHT, BUT THE RUDE AND IMMATURE. No thanks Sage,  I think I am more thankful for Insight Pest Solutions.  I have made THREE calls to neighbors in my subdivision and informed them about the behavior.  One was the HOA president!
1	They come door to door, trying to win your business - $400 for a year.  The sales kid will be the smooth talker - he'll point out things on your deck, saying they will 'take care' of everything.  They will follow up constantly to push you into signing up.  Real big on the pressure sale.  I went with it - small amount, let's give it a try, can't do worse than Terminex right?Well first of all I keep getting fire ant mounds on my property.  Instead of treating them once with $9 home depot remedy, I called them back 3 times, pointing out the mound...which they then put pretty much the same product on, just seeming less effective.  So a $391 markup!  Okay!  After the third time, the tech mentioned to me that 'you know, pouring gasoline on the fire ant mound is a good fix.'  If I didn't want to wait the week for them to be in the area, sure, just pour gasoline.  As you can find online though, this is not effective - it doesn't go deep enough, it just pushes the fire ants 3 or 4 feet away, and it's not exactly safe or universally legal.  Overall this is a company that promises the world and then way, way underwhelms on delivery.
