3	I have lived at Sedona at Lone Mountain for 3 months now. I moved here due to military change of station. Let's start with the inside of my apartment. I have a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom. The white crown molding, new paint, new doors, and new carpeting really make the place look nice on the inside. We have vaulted ceilings (we are on the 2nd floor), and everyone always comments on how nice our apartment is. The kitchen stove and all of the sinks and faucets are very outdated, and we have white counter tops which stain easy and are made of a cheap material. The wood cabinets are nice, and we have adequate cabinet space. The kitchen sink has a low faucet and is hard to wash anything bigger than a dinner plate or glass in. We do have a dishwasher, but it does not work well(there is no top wash), so we wash dishes by hand. They are slowly updating things, but I doubt the kitchen stoves will be updated anytime soon. Overall, the inside of the apartment is not bad at all. The outside of the apartment complex looks nice, and the buildings are managed nice. The men who fix things are great here too. They do allow dogs here, we have two labs. They are great with pets, but no one seems to care about picking up dog poop. They say they have people come and clean up, but I haven't seen it. My dogs won't even go in the grass because of the amount of poo. I asked them to install a doggy bag station near the problem area, but they didn't seem too interested in that idea. One more thing to be aware of, they DO NOT have 24 hour quiet time. Every night, people are screaming, kids throwing things, and dogs are barking. It is definitely not the place to live if you are a student(like me) that likes to study after work around 4:30-6:00. Our balcony is nice, but we seldom sit out on it for dinner because of the noise.They advertise Sedona as a "resort"...it is not that. About 50% of the apartment complex is 18-25 year olds that rev up their trucks and cars at all hours of the evening. The other half of the people are polite and quiet.I am posting this because I wish I would of known these things before I moved into Sedona at Lone Mountain.  Do yourself a favor and do a walkthrough of the apartment property and community before you sign anything.
3	It is now April 2013. They have offered to resurface my countertops to a nice brown color, and we have that scheduled for the end of the month. The white countertops are my least favorite thing about the apartment, so its a nice relief they offered to change it.As it is nice out now, I have been spending my afternoons on the weekend by the pool. The pool is often dirty, and the hot tub jets do not work. There was even a girl slap/fist fight at the pool 2 weekends ago. I had to admit, it was pretty entertaining. It is impossible to lay out by the pool on the weekend in peace. There are constantly children running, splashing, and screaming in the pool yard. However, they do have nice pool chairs and a gazebo with grills. The noise level has gotten worse. On Saturday and Sundays, there are routinely middle aged males that crank up their music in their cars in the parking lot, and throw 10-15 person "block parties" outside their apartment complex. One last thing about the noise..every parking lot seems to be a playground. Kids on scooters and skateboards coming dangerously close to parked cars, throwing things, ect. I am constantly looking out for my car, because they have hit it before. I have actually had to go outside and ask the kids where their parents live, because of this. And guess where their parents lived? Clear across the property. If it weren't for my 1 year lease I signed, I would be out of here in a heartbeat. Spend the extra $200 a month and get a house. :) P.S.- Many of the people that live here are Section 8.
1	Worst apartment rental location ever. I have traveled to many places and have never received such horrible customer service. They did not have my apartment ready when they promised, they charged all kinds of extra utilities which were already included in my monthly rent and should have not been. Tiffany has the worst attitude and not willing to help. They actually OWE ME money, yet sent me to collections. Apartments are not worth every bit they charge and when you need maintenance, it takes them weeks to respond. DO NOT STAY HERE!
4	First off I'd like to say that Sedona has been a great experience for me. The staff is friendly. Andy who helped me sign my lease is very personable and friendly. This apartment complex is great because it's right next door to a very large park and still very secluded. Whenever I'd ask for a work order, it would be completed the next day! Ricardo the maintenance man is awesome!!!! He works very hard for the renters needs maintaining and fixing anything that needs up keep. The rent at Sedona is very reasonable and well worth it!!! I did have some loud neighbors on one side of the apartment that also smoked a lot of marijuana but unfortunately we can't pick our neighbors. The pool is sometimes dirty, but again thats because of people who don't know how to clean up after themselves. There are pros and cons wherever you decide to rent but overall I would recommend this apartment to anyone!!!! ****The only downfall to this company is when I terminated my year lease I was stiffed with a large bill that was sent to my new address: carpet cleaning $85, general cleaning $90, light paint $35, spray counter tops $250. I understand the general cleaning of carpets is necessary but if I knew I would being charged a $90 cleaning fee I wouldn't have cleaned it as good as I did! The apartment was very clean when I left and took pictures to prove it!!!! I tried to dispute some of the claims and they didn't have any of it. Anyways, all I'm trying to say for future renters is when your lease is due you probably will have a fee of $250 and up for general cleaning, shampoo carpet, and touch up paint. I just wished I was given a heads up for these fees or an estimate at the time of signing my contract so I wouldn't be so surprised while opening my mail! My bill was just shy of $400!!!! Plus they didn't even do a walk through when my lease was up!!!!! I called them and asked and they said no walk though needed and to just drop off the keys at thefront desk. If they did a walk through in the beginning of the lease then why not do one at the end of the lease? I just thought that was really dumb. I just feel like I didn't deserved to pay that amount. That apartment was very clean when I left (except carpet) and that is why I'm writing a review to let future renters know that YOU may be facing the same charges that I am speaking of today. But don't get me wrong, Sedona was and is a great place to rent. I recommend you to check it out for yourself.
1	Is there anything lower than a 1 star?  I rented FOUR apartments here for 3 months & spent 10's of thousands of dollars with these people.  The apartments are ok but the customer service is atrocious!  They nickeled & dimed us to the tune of about $10,000 more dollars than we should've have spent.  PLUS, when we were trying to get to the bottom of things we had to go round & round just to get the information.  We moved out end of October & we are still getting hit with charges & it's the end of FEBRUARY!  This is a horribly run complex & the parent company Trinity Property Management is even worse.  It's criminal what they do to people.  This is NOT a good situation.  Run from this place & do not get into ANY kind of contract with them!  They will steel you blind and tell you it's the law.
1	I really hate this place now. I've lived here for almost two years unfortunately. I'm in a countdown until my lease is up. Things used to be better. The customer service is so bad in the office. They never return phone calls and every single month they mess up something. I get a phone call about a charge that wasn't mine or my renters insurance they put false notes on the door about your lease. I mean I really could go on. There is a SERIOUS bug problem ants, and roaches and they only spray on Fridays and I put myself down and the guy never came. I've had 3 different neighbors upstairs one physically fought constantly and I called the office numerous times and they did nothing about it. My sons bike was stolen off the porch I just really hate what this place turned in to. They really don't seem to care about their residents at all. People hang out all night and I can smell weed smoke  while walking to my apt. I really didn't sign up for this. I suggest you do not rent here. Lord only knows what kind of issues I'll have when I move out. If I could give a negative star I would. Very disappointed with the office and how they conduct business.
5	I moved in June 10th. I was helped by Alicia. Wow! What great costumer service. Since then I've been in several times and she has helped me every single time. Always a smile on her face and great professionalism. What a great place to live too. No complaints here.
