5	One day I was eating food at one of my favorite Thai restaurants with my SO, and this nice couple sitting next to us starting chatting with us. The next thing you know, they brought up this place called the Good Apple Health Food store after telling them I was into alternative health and wellness, as were they. I would have never known about this place if it weren't for them, and in fact I frequently went to breakfast just two doors down from the place on a weekly basis, yet never knew the gem hiding inside the walls. The store is relatively small but jam packed with goodies. It's part grocery store, complete with natural foods, a great selection of gluten-free food, toiletries, beauty products, as well as supplements. We're talking walls and walls of supplements from floor to ceiling!Everything, and I'm talking everything in the store is the cheapest I've found anywhere. The natural toothpaste I buy is $2 cheaper at the Good Apple than Sprouts. Dr. Bronner's bar soaps are about $1.50 cheaper. And if you're comparing it to Whole Foods, oh my gosh, everything is probably at least $10 cheaper. Ha. The supplements are WAY cheaper, enough so that I drive the 15 miles just to stock up on what I need. They also sell their wide selection of supplements online. Their staff is knowledgeable and always asks if I need help upon entering. It's located about 3 miles north of US 60 on Idaho Rd. It's far, but if you happen to live in the east valley and want good deals on natural products, it's worth the drive.
4	This place is a jewel! It's kinda hidden, so you have to be in the know to go there. And as it so happens, all of those cool kids are 50+ The workers are helpful and friendly. The prices, despite the organicness, are very reasonable, and the yogurt and peanut butter are great, and plentiful.
5	Apache Junction's hidden treasure!!!We are new to AJ due to a transfer and decided to ride around to see what's here. After a few weeks we stumbled across Good Apple and we are so happy! We walked the rows of well priced natural/organic foods, supplements, produce and books like kids in a candy shop (organic candy of course!). Then we purchased our banana chips and some delicious frozen yogurt and spent some time as unofficial greeters on the front porch eating our ice cream and welcoming visitors. We have to get this place on the map!
5	This store is great!  It never seems to fail that no matter what unique product or item I'm looking for, they have it!  And, the staff is always so helpful.  Dark chocolate covered almonds are dangerously delicious.  Be sure to stop in and check it out when in AJ!
5	This place is great. The produce is so inexpensive it might as well be free. I purchased 5 mangos, three heads of romaine lettuce, twenty limes, two apples, and five pounds of bananas for under $5. That doesn't even make sense.They let you grind you own fresh peanut butter. Even out of cashews.The ice cream is the best in Apache Junction.They sell yogurt pretzels in bulk.The Good Apple for the WIN!
5	One of the reviews says "ice cream" but i bet they mean the frozen yogurt, they have 2 flavors each day & is low fat & one flavor each day usually "no sugar added". They say it has the live cultures. Staff very helpful, when i left in spring still had ad in AJ Independent weekly, I plan to be there mid Nov thru the winter almost weekly. Many bulk foods including gelatin powder by the pound!
5	This place is a hidden gem. It's in what is basically a large trailer in the back corner of a mostly empty shopping center. Look to the left of the Antique Mall with the western facade and you'll see it.I'm definitely the youngest shopper in here by at least 30 years. But the snowbird shoppers look good, so perhaps they're on to something? Store's jam packed with all kinds of natural and organic foods, supplements, essential oils, and beauty products. I came here looking for products for homemade hair products and they had it all. And as a plus, everything was a good $2-3 cheaper than Sprouts.
5	I love their loose tea. It is so inexpensive and delicious. Great place for all-natural groceries.
