1	Avoid this place! We had a friend refer us and we signed up, but went back the same day to cancel. They make it sound like you only have to pay one month up front but processed two. Also, that you are getting a great special that they never run, but after talking to people that go there, the $59/month special is all the time. Realizing it was an impulse decision. We couldn't cancel because the manager wasn't there. So, we gave it a shot for a month, didn't use it or when we tried to schedule something, they are always booked up. Used it once in 60 days, called to see if they can fax a cancellation. Nope, you have to come in. Went in to cancel and the manager wasn't there. It's really easy to sign up but almost impossible to cancel. Now that I think about it, I remember our first visit and a lady was trying to suspend her membership because she was pregnant and didn't want to take any chances, plus under the advice of her doctor. The bubbly girl behind the desk, says all our products are natural and it won't affect you. This 20 something girl is going to advise against what this mom to be wants and what her doctor suggested. Ridiculous!
5	Every time I go to this spa I am treated with a smile, and by name. The girls, (ALL THE GIRLS) that work there make it an every day effort to ensure you walk out of the spa with a smile, and hopefully having a better day then when you walked in. I have NEVER been treated badly by anyone and they are usually going above and beyond to give you product knowledge, customized programs, and overall ensure you are more than satisfied with the services offered. Michelle (Manager who is ALWAYS THERE WHEN I GO - funny how other people say that the manager isn't avaialbe) is always more than willing to assist in any way, and to answer any questions. When I originally signed up, they were VERY THOROUGH in explaining the services, AND the monthly rates, along with the sign up fee(s). There is nothing that was not disclosed and was a very honest transaction. If people are trying to come up with any kind of excuse to get out of there contracts, then they might as well just tell them the truth up front, and yes, expect to pay to get out of your contract - as it is with ANY contract you enter, regardless of how many time you used or didn't use the service or product. I think that the extra effort that was taken by the other person (Tim O.) is the only ridiculous part of anything he wrote. The management is always available, the girls are always helpful, and the services are fantastic. They will always work to get you into the services, even w/o appt, and if they can't get you in is usually becuase they are literally booked solid. So give it a shot for yourself, and you will be pleasantly surprised, and impressed.
5	Amazing customer service! You can tell the employees do their best to learn everyone's names right away. I go in without an appointment usually and they always squeeze me in to their seemingly busy schedule. The prices beat everyone around Goodyear, I've done my shopping. Highly recommend this place for tanning or even just spa services.
1	This place is awesome when you sign up and when you go.  Everyone is really friendly and goes out of your way to help you relax.  BUT all of the products that they have are WAY expensive.  And the worst part is when you try to cancel.  I am pretty sure that getting out of your apartment lease is easier.  The manager HAS to be there and you have to give them 30 day notice... you have to pay for an additional 30 days for a service that you DONT want.  Makes no sense to me.  I would never recommend this place to my friends.
5	So friendly! Always greeted w a smile! Love the staff and all of the services are great!
4	I came here because I found a LivingSocial deal and was looking for a place to tan in the area since I had recently moved.  Summer was extremely nice and helpful in setting me up with some sessions and answering all my questions.  She even let me use her goggles when trying the upright bed since I didn't have my own.  The place is cheaper than some of the other places I have been to and more expensive than others.  So far I have enjoyed my time there and the girls have all been very nice and helpful.  I plan on purchasing a membership when my sessions run out.  The only cons would probably be that there are only a few tanning beds to choose from so there aren't a lot of levels and variety depending on how you like to tan.  The other con is also a pro.  You have to make an appointment which sucks when they are busy and you can't just walk in.  But on the other hand you don't have to wait in line and know your bed will be ready when you arrive for your appointment.  The place is always very clean and there are a lot of services and products to choose from.  I am very pleased with this place and will be enjoying their services in the future.
5	I love this place.  I have been a member for over a year and I go three times a week.  I was previously going to just a tanning salon and spending almost as much each month just to tan.  Now I get all of the other services too.  The ladies who work there are wonderful and always treat you like they value your patronage.  I can't say enough about the machines and how great they feel, especiallly the hydro derma therapy machine, I love it.  In addition, they also keep up with the times, since I have been going they bought a new machine (red light therapy) and are in the process of installing another type of machine.  Some people posted that the poducts are very expensive, yes they are but they last a long time so it is worth the purchase, also if you use good products  such as Estee Lauder you are going to pay the same amount, if not more.  Once you get the products you need you only need to replenish them one at a time.  I would highly recommend Planet Beach not only does it make you look better, it makes you feel better.
2	All I wanted to do was use a pass...that's all.  I was fortunate enough to be given a "Pamper Me" pass, which was good for 7 days and unlimited use of their services.  I called ahead of time to see what it actually entailed and I was told about the tanning, massage, teeth whitening.  I was really excited to use this pass during what was sure going to be a long and tiring week...AIMS testing.  I was told to come in for a free consultation so we could figure out my week.  I went in and the place was very clean and the young ladies were very nice.  I explained that I was there for a consultation and had to fill out some paperwork to see what would best meet my needs.  I obliged.  The young lady, her name escapes me, got a big binder and we sat at a table.  Mind you, I had just gotten off of work and was lookin' pretty haggard after a long day of teaching and being the emcee of our two school pep rallys...and let me tell you, trying to excite and get kids pumped about a week long testing (2nd-5th graders) is not an easy task!  I was exhausted!I then sat and listened to her tell me about all of their services.  She asked me what I would like to try and I responded with tanning, massage, and teeth whitening.  She was very knowledgeable (actually I think she just knew her script and what she's supposed to say) and then came the very uncomfortable and awkward part that earns this place 2 stars (I'd have given it 1 star, but it was really clean).  The sales pitch.  She mentioned she could "buy back" my pass and apply it towards the VERY pricy sign up fee, which is close to $100!!  If this happened, my sign up fee would be only $59 and my monthly would be $59!! Wow...what a bargain right?  I mean she did mention that I'd HAVE to take advantage of this one time, very special offer TODAY or it would be regular price later on....I felt so special.  Until I read other reviews where they were offered the same thing...*hangs head* "damn I'm so gullible*.  Well, I informed her that I wasn't interested in a package and she said why, and I gladly pointed at the price.  She continued.  Giving me reasons as to why I should join.  I again said, "No thanks, I just want to use my pass." Then...she responded by "I don't see you getting the results you want in only 7 days."  No kidding! I am not expecting to be golden tanned in one week...I just needed to be "Pampered" like my pass said.  I'm a freakin' teacher! I don't get paid enough to spend this much money on myself...EVER!  I was again asked what was keeping me from joining, and I sort of politely said, "The money, and now the fact that I did not come in here expecting to feel forced to join something when all I wanted to do was use a pass...."  She was offended and said something like "Well, we have 500 members who enjoy our services and pay for membership"  Even after I told her why AGAIN...she ONCE AGAIN asked me "What is keeping me from joining?"  Really?  she had heard herself, she'd realize that she was in fact trying to push this on me. I told her I did not want to pay and just wanted to use my pass...she got up quickly and guided me to the desk so I could make my appointment....all with no eye contact.  I made my appointment for the weekend for some hydration something or other and some tanning.  The appointment which I have since canceled after having read more of the reviews on here.  Some of you may wonder why I wouldn't join...I have explained.  Honestly, who wouldn't want to take advantage of some free services when given a pass?  If you get passes to a movie don't you go?  Of course.  However, the ticket seller isn't going to haggle you into trying to buy more tickets or a bigger bucket of popcorn.  I could have ended up going in and enjoying my experience so much so that I may have joined.  But we'll never know that now.  If anyone I know mentions trying this place out, I will be sure to share my experience with them.
5	I moved to Goodyear a year ago, from Los Angeles, and I have to say that Planet Beach is amazing for the location, price, and services it offers! Every single employee is extremely friendly and the spa itself has a very inviting and comfortable feeling/atmosphere. The products are a bit pricey, but duhhhh, it's a spa, not the 99 cent store. The facial products make a big difference when using the red light therapy, so I strongly encourage them! I purchase the sample packets that they offer (3) for $30, instead of the bottles (mostly because I lose everything). Plus, I've had my bottle of oil that I use every single time in the hydration bed, for an entire YEAR, and I am just now running on empty. Anyone complaining about a cancellation policy should learn to read or listen more clearly when signing up for a membership.
5	I've been a member for 2 years - fulfilling my contract and continuing on.  I don't understand why everyone is complaining about having to pay to get out of the contract.  DUH!  It's a contract.  You agreed to the terms when you signed up.  Do you think the terms change just for you?  And yes, there's a sales pitch.  I got one when I used my free pass several years ago but I just held firm and they treated me the same way that week as they did after I joined.  I appreciate being greeted by name and with a smile when I come in.  I appreciate that they figure out times that work with my schedule.  I enjoy the services offered and the cleanliness of the rooms.  If you like pampering yourself, can afford it, and understand how a contract works - then Planet Beach is the place for you.
5	I love Planet Beach. The staff is very friendly and the place is clean. I can get as many spa treatments  as I want each month for a monthly fee.  I have been a member for over 2 years. Some services book up faster than others so It is good to call ahead of time. They also have on-line booking so you can book services anytime. There are times that I have not gone for a few weeks, but try to get in at least 1x a week for services and a spray tan.
5	This place is amazing! The staff is always friendly and the prices for the services are pretty fair. The products are a little on the pricey end but they may be cheaper than other places. When I got my member ship I was given 9 free week passes for my friends. Also they sent me an unexpected hand written card with a 5$ gift card in it. I like all of the services a lot but I swear by the red light therapy! I just had a baby and it is healing up my stretch marks like magic :)
5	I just moved back a few months ago and Planet Beach was recommended to me. I went in and immediately knew what a great place it was. The staff are knowledgable and always willing to answer your questions. I've tanned for a long time and Planet Beach is by far my favorite.
1	I used to think this place was fantastic, until I realized what a rip off and a scam Planet Beach is. After paying a monthly fee for many months and not using all of my monthly credits I decided I was going to cancel my membership. They informed me that if I wanted to keep my accrued credits, I would have to continue a membership.Not wanting to lose my credits, I chose a lower level membership. I was told that I had the same access to all the services. Not true. After going back one time on the lower level membership I noticed additional service charges. Fine ok, guess I won't be utilizing the particular service anymore.After being out of town for a couple of weeks, I got a call today that my monthly payment didn't go through for Feb. My credit card was a part of the Target scam and in January  I was issued a new card, and then again in February when they did a second round of cards. I was informed when the manager called me that a late fee had been assessed to my account because of the lack of payment. I asked to have that removed. Out of the variety of different payments this month that had issues due to the credit card fraud, Planet Beach has been the only company that has not removed their late payment or lack of payment fees. I told the manager that I would not be paying the late fee, and she processed my card anyways. I am more than willing to pay my obligation of the monthly fee, but not a late fee that's from something out of my control.I will be marching down there today to cancel my membership. Which after reading reviews on here, I now realize will take me 60 days. What a joke.
5	I absolutely love Planet Beach and the services they provide. The staff are always smiling and friendly. The monthly fee is a great value for everything that is included. I know of another spa in Scottsdale that charges $1.00/minute just for the Infrared Sauna alone. The Sauna is one of the best things you can do for yourself on a regular basis. The Red Light Therapy is making my skin look years younger and I enjoy the Hydration Therapy as well.
3	I bought a Groupon voucher for 3 spa services.  The staff is very professional, friendly, and explained the services in detail. They told me about their membership program, but did not pester me to buy it, which was nice. I enjoyed my experience for the value that I got with the Groupon, but I would not likely recommend this place at full price. I did the Hydro Derma fusion first. When the lady took me to the room she asked which product I would like to add to the steam; I chose one not knowing that there was an extra charge for them, so I was surprised when I was done and I had to pay $11 extra. I would not have added anything if I knew this. During the 20 minute treatment I tried to turn the fan up that keeps your face cool, but it did not work so I was breathing in the lavender infused steam, which was unpleasant.  After the treatment was done, I dried of with the towel provided, and noticed that it smelled very unclean,  like urine or sweat. Next I did the massage bed, which was nice, but I definitely would not pay full price since it doesn't come close to a real massage. The last thing I did was the lay down tanning bed for 7 minutes which was relaxing. Overall the place is good for people wanting spa services at a lower price, but you get what you pay for.
3	Nice place.really busy so very hard to get appt. Or walk in. Clean and friendly. Hope it slows down so I cam get in more often. How do they remember everyone's name?! Lol
