5	Stumbled upon this museum while taking a stroll through Old Town. It's a little museum, quaint and quiet, located on a strip of park leading from Old Town to Civic Center. It was welcoming, and being a free admission museum helped! The older ladies that worked here were so friendly and helpful. She gave us a greeting and some quick facts about some photographs. Although it is small, it has plenty of artifacts, photographs, and recreations of scenes from the Old Town back in the early 1900s. The Grammar School was created with extreme details, and even had the original stamp collection from back then! It's truly a great place and definitely worth a stop by. Make a donation to keep places like the Historical Museum alive and running.
4	We unexpectedly found this landmark in Oldtown Scottsdale. The older man and woman who work here are very friendly. They will ask you to sign the guestbook, which seems to be very important to them. The museum has interesting information and artifacts from Scottsdale's early years. The 100-year old newspaper was an interesting read.
5	I've got to say that I really enjoyed the history of what this museum had.. It wasn't big at all;however there was a lot to see and read.. I'm not really into history as much as the next person but after leaving I was really impressed and it made me appreciate where we are today...
5	For a small place the collection is just perfect.  Plenty of artifacts, old photos, era-specific items and displays represent Scottsdale's history, culture and growth quite well.  The ladies at the welcome desk have a sincere "Welcome to the little red schoolhouse!" greeting and really know their city's history.  I was happy to see a sign on the original school bell inviting me to ring it.  I'd never rang a school bell before.  I recommend it, but if you do, warn the room first, because when I rang it, it scared the shit out of everyone in the place with it's way-louder-than-expected DINNNG!  Excellent experience, great staff, informative installations, and fun.Go see it.  It's fun, free, and educational.PS.  DO ring the bell.
4	Super quaint and fun stop, especially with kids. Very sweet and knowledgable staff eager to share a story or experience. FREE but do consider a donation.
5	It is a small landmark (the old red schoolhouse) turned into a free tiny museum near the "mall" area close to Old Town Scottsdale.  There are different artifacts on display, mostly about the beginning of Scottsdale and their first school. The volunteers who work there were friendly. It is a nice pitstop for visitors, especially for someone who may want to know a little more about the history/origin of Scottsdale.
4	This is a cute, tiny museum stuffed full of historical Scottsdale artifacts.  The ladies at the desk are very passionate about their job and sharing the history with interested tourists or locals who stop in.  Strangely, I was just wondering earlier that day where Scottsdale got its name: was it named after someone named Scott?  It was!  Brothers Winfield and George Scott were the first owner and residents of Scottsdale, encouraging local farming and economic growth.I recommend a stop-in if you're curious about the origins of Scottsdale or just want to have a free educational experience!  The museum is free, which is awesome, so consider leaving a donation.
5	Cute little free museum in the heart of Scottsdale! The staff are super friendly and knowledgeable!  I could spend a whole day chatting with them! You must walk through if you are in town!
4	Cool little free museum that's located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. The building itself has a cool history as it's the town's first schoolhouse and has also served as Scottsdale's City Hall, Justice Court, Public Library and many other rebirths. The building's pretty small, but it's packed full of lots of old relics, posters and historical artifacts. The whole thing can be seen in 10-20minutes depending how thoroughly you read all the placards. The docents that were working in there were super-friendly, knowledgeable and all too happy to answer any questions you may have. There's also a small little gift shop that has some children's books, historical books and other touristy type stuff. Also, if you bring your kid in there, they can ring the old school bell!Scottsdale Historical Museum is a fun little stop while you're milling about smartly through Old Town Scottsdale. It's definitely worth the 20-minutes you'll spend in there--and go ahead and bring the kids; that way you can say that you took them someplace educational instead of just shopping all day. Who knows, they may even nominate you for parent of the year.
5	Did not go inside, but this looks great (we parked outside).  It's awesome that they have a museum like this in downtown Scottsdale.
