5	Hardly anyone knows about this place but it's one of the best Spanish tapas place around.  It's the Spanish Social Club of Quebec.  Located on the second floor of a non-descript building on the busy streets of St. Laurent; the decor is very, shall we say, practical.  The place is huge so it can host a really large group; or several of them; and they have the largest outdoor patio around.The menu is wonderful.  I imagine that if I had a Spanish mum, I would eat like that all the time.  They have wonderful mussels and calamari and their potato salad is the best potato salad I've ever eaten.  I don't even want to talk to you about the price because you can eat like a king and not have to crack into your royal treasury to pay for desert.  I don't want to talk about their sangria because it makes me want to cry.Bear in mind that you'll feel like you're in a community centre but if you happen upon this place in the summer, go to their outdoor patio!  Try their sangria and eat like a Spanish king at a community centre!
5	If you hate garlic, then don't come here.However if you don't, then come here as often as you can, plus this is the place to go for the best sangria in Montreal, hands down!I love Club Espagnol for a variety of reasons, the sangria is one, the live flamenco shows are another, the gentle family atmosphere, the great terrasse out back and lively crowd all make this place work. Oh yes, then there is the food. Tapas of all sorts: shrimp, calamari, octopus, chorizo sausage, all of it served in garlicky,  bread-moppable glory. Spanish ham, cheeses, salads, garlic potatoes and mushrooms, soups, and salads. Mains here include rabbit and many variations of paella. While walking by some tables, the paella plates were positively delicious looking, all the saffron-colored rice, huge shrimp, mussels and chunks of sausage and ham all in full view. Prices are also very reasonable.I love the way families are usually here as well as younger couples, and groups of friends, all sharing the same space. I was here last week with a friend for dinner and some small girls were playing behind us when one of their balloons deflated and flew around before landing right in the middle of our table (not on any food) we both burst out laughing and so did the girls, it's the kind of place where stuff like that happens and it's fine.Try to come here at least once in the summer, it's totally worth it.
4	This is so retro real , almost a surreal feel.Excellent authentic  Spanish cuisine :.fish stew, grilled sardines,gambas,all delivered.Sangria failed the test of memoried time. Slower friendly service.
4	This is a great place to try Spanish cuisine in a very tipica fashion.  The decor is very laid back, this is a social club, which by definition at least on the plateau, means a place where Spanish family and friends get together to have home cooked meals.I have been a few times and have always gone with parties of 4 or more, which is the best way in my opinion because you can order several different choices and try new things each time.  This prices are very inexpensive and the atmosphere is lively, we have tried almost everything on their menu, and have often taken their specials (which is always recommended in this type of place), the only thing we did not like was the Paella which was a little to dry and not as tasty as we hoped, but other than that you will hardly ever go wrong, and who know maybe we just got a bad batch.  Everything else has always met and surpassed our expectations, and the wait staff is friendly and laid back, so go there in the spirit of a leisurely meal with friends to be social  (it is a social club after all), and you too will be charmed.By the way on one occasion we discovered their amazing outdoor terrace, (it was kinda raining so we only stayed for one drink), but I can see this being a summer place to eat AL fresco in the future.
4	Very decent tapas with a lively atmosphere on a 2nd floor deck overlooking a parking lot and apartments. Good selection of tapas. Good size servings. Pass the hat entertainment.This is a great place for big or small groups. None of the food disappointed and the bill was very reasonable.Easy to fall in love with this place.
4	This is exactly the kind of restaurant that you wouldn't know it exists unless you are a Spanish expat or a review reader. This restaurant is in a community center. When you go through the door on St-Laurent Street, you have to go your right, climb the stairs and take the door to your left. The decoration is very average, but it does not really matter. What is really cool about this place is that you have a mix of Montrealers and Spanish expats. I was also super excited to speak Spanish to the waiters since I hadn't spoken the language in months.We arrived at the restaurant around 6PM and asked for a table on the terrace. The restaurant was quite empty. We ordered 2 paellas (seafood and valenciana), boquerones and 1 litre of their sangria. The good: The seafood paella was okay. Although, it was not like the ones I ate in Spain (where I lived for 2 months) - because they don't have access to the same products - I still liked it. It was saltier than I expected. The boquerones were delicious. I could have eaten more. The sangria is also very good. It does not have too much sugar. They have a great selection of tapas to choose from. Actually, next time I go, I might just order tapas and sangria. The bad: The service was particularly slow until the rush hour came (around 7PM). I think until then there was only one waiter. Also: CASH ONLY. They have an ATM in the restaurant, but we all know how much they charge ridiculous fees. Total: $71 without the tip (20-something for both paella, $10 for the boquerones and the rest for the Sangria)Conclusion: I will definitely go back whenever I crave Spanish food and boquerones. It will be THE place to go to for World Cup games next year. Vamos Espana!
3	Casual atmosphere..sangrilla is ok not too strong though..terrace is nice and fast service.. Live music is cool
4	Great place for tapas. Had the chorizo and potato tapas. It was really good and the price was right. Had the paella de mariscos  that comes with lobster, shrimps and more sea food. Really good stuff.Must go for the price!
