2	Awesome as it may be that you can grab lunch in a mall food court that isn't greasy chinese, Chick-Fil-A, or crappizza, and that Blynk uses mostly organic veggies, bread, and ingredients...someone really needs to spice this menu up. The vegetarian options are the same (tinyish) sammich 3 ways, with a replaced ingredient. Roasted peppers and sundried tomatoes abound. Or you can get a salad, add tofu, and drop 8 bucks on a somewhat tiny plate of veggies. Dressings are uber-run-of-the-mill.Lemonade. Bad. No kick, no sweet. Employees, smiley, quick. Plus, who wants to spend lunch hour in this food court? Yeesh.It's like it's 1995 and vegetarianism isn't cool yet.Luckily it was 1/2 price sammich day, or this would be a crankier review.
1	Almost $10 for a "meh" sandwich and tiny cup of iced tea (that came out of a jug....I saw them refill the "tea" machine).  I appreciate the effort to have something healthy and organic in a mall food court, but for the price and lack of flavor I'll just go somewhere else.
4	Seems like this blynk organic is upping its game because I had quite a delicious lunch here on Saturday! In the midst of fried, preservative-filled options in the SouthPark food court, blynk shined. I'll put it out there right now - you will spend more on your lunch at blynk than you will at a myriad of other food court options. So, get over that now, because you're paying for locally/regionally sourced, organic ingredients. Nonetheless, I ordered the "Duo" (half sandwich and salad) and went with the a.t.m. sammie and crafted my own salad. A.t.m. = avocado, tomato, mozzarella with a flavorful basil pesto spread. The very friendly lady behind the counter also offered to toast it for me. Yes, indeed! That half sandwich came out fresh, snuggly and delicious. The salad I crafted was very bright (quite a few veg & bean options) with a light and tasty honey something dressing. I made myself an Arnold Palmer, dug into hubs' treat (a brownie as large as a brick) that came with his meal and left the food court without feeling weighed down by heavy prepackaged Chinese. Thanks, blynk!
3	Every once in a while I eat at the food court. Luckily for me I could still eat healthy and support local and organic practices while not interrupting my shopping spree.Yes, blynk is pricer than most. However, handing over my credit card for other purchases left and right, who was I to judge a food stop with a higher price? Being in South Park, I'm sure the overhead comes with a hefty price tag too.Like Julia S. said, they don't have a large variety of veggie options. The sandwich I ordered was good though.Employees are friendly and the couple times I've gone there is typically only one working at a time. Each time my order is made fresh.
