3	Well, this place popped up recently and I was curious. Good choice on my part. We ordered fried mushrooms, 10 piece wings (hot) and a philly cheesteak (minus the peppers). Everything was fresh, cheap and delcious. FIrst off, the fried mushrooms. Best thing I ate. Delicious and crispy perfection. The wings had the right amount of spice. Not super hot for hot. The owner said the garlic wings were spicier, so I might have to try those next time. The cheesesteak was my fella's favorite. I let him take the lead on that one and he was extremely satisfied. They have free delivery and a pretty extensive menu (hamburgers, cheesteaks, fried apps, wings, pizza, dessert and pasta). I haven't been extremely tempted to try the other menu items based on reviews, so I stick to the cheesesteaks, fried apps and wings.
1	Uhh not everything at Fat Moe's is too be believed. Granted, the cheesesteak is decent using Cheese Wiz, but all hell broke loose upon ordering the lasagna. It tasted frozen or canned and after contacting employee to complain, it turns out they are serving frozen lasagna and who knows what other crap they are dishing out in the back. Nothing can overcome some place charging me $8 for stouffer's frozen lasagna. A bunch of scammers as usual.
3	Only reason they didn't get two stars was because the guys working there were super cute. I had a slice if pepperoni pizza and it definitely was the greasiest slice of pizza ever. Besides the grease it was just ok. The service was great and fast. This place is convenient if your waiting at the nailshop like I was...
2	This place had decent food.
3	My boyfriend and I have been ordering (delivery) pizza and wings from here for about 5 months. The food is great! But their service is awful! We either are missing extras we requested or it takes 60 min+ for the food to arrive. (they are appx. a 1/2 mile away from us). I gotta say, if we didn't like their pizza so much, we would have dismissed this place a long time ago. (wrote this about  month ago)update: Ordered pizza and wings from them a week or two ago and the delivery guy showed up 2 hours after the pizza was ordered, after I had already spoken to the manager and he had offered to make a new pizza and wings if I came to pick it up. He also said they would credit my account $20 so the next time we got pizza and wings it would be free. today: Attempted to redeem my free pizza and wings and they guy on the phone said that we had a credit for 25% off our next order. I explained to him the situation and asked to speak to a manager. He said he would call me back. When he did, he offered a $15 minimum delivery and anything additional would be on us. HORRIBLE customer service. I'm not sure if they just have very consistent turn-over or what. But we are done trying to justify the food vs the service. I hope the owner reads this and does some serious hiring. So disappointing...
1	Pizza was horrible, no flavor and had a feeling of sawdust on the crust. The wings were great!
3	I like their wings. That's about all that I get here, aside from the fried mushrooms. They deliver, they're fast and they're close to where we live. I think these are the only reasons we try this place out as often as we do.
4	NY Style Pizza! Top 3 in town! Wings are excellent as well! Service is friendly, a lot more preferable than Verrazano's in the nearby area! Cheaper prices as well using more expensive ingredients! I am a regular customer and have turned my back on Verrazano's on Rainbow/Flamingo for this place!
5	Food is amazing always! Never frozen anything, so everything is fresh!!! Great deals, great food, and great people! Yes sometimes they forgot a few things, but were very fast in rectifying the situation! I have eaten here since they have opened, and I will keep eating their delicious food!!! Love this place!!!
4	we order pizza here A LOT!  it is the only thing we have tried and it is great.  i have tried many pizza places in town and this is one of the better ones.  the prices are great as well.  they do, however, have pretty bad delivery service so it's best to just go pick it up :)
3	Ordered pizza and wings tonight. The wings are tasty and meaty, however 'hot' is more like medium. The pizza is so so. Better than dominos but nothing like a good NY pie. I'm pretty sure the crust is frozen. The place is cheap, and the pizza is edible, so I'll keep them on my call list.
1	I ordered a large cheese and mushroom pizza and when I got home part if the pizza had no cheese, there was a puddle of condensed water in the middle of the pizza. I immediately called and spoke to Donald who said he was the manager. I explained the condition of the pizza and he said" that's the way their pizza is because of the mushroom."  I told him I've ordered many cheese and mushrooms pizza and it didn't come out like this. Instead of expressing any sort of apology, he was like oh well.We threw the entire pizza away and ordered a delicious pizza from dominos. Worse pizza, worse customer service ever.Will be filing a complaint with BBB.
3	I've ate here about 4 times now. The pizza has been pretty good. It's very greasy and you can actually see the balls of grease on top but it really is yummy. We got the wings twice, the first time we ate in and the second time we ordered and picked up. The first time they were so amazing! juicy and covered in sauce with the perfect amount. The second time we ate the wings we ordered around 11:15 just after they opened. They told us to pick up in about 20 mins. We went there in 20 mins and asked about the pizza. They told us it will be another minute so we stuck around and waited for an additional 20mins. The guy just put our pizza in when we got there. Whats the point of ordering ahead? And he didn't tell us either. I could have went somewhere and came back and I wouldn't have minded so much but he made it sound like it was almost done. When we got the wings home they were either day old wings or way over cooked because they were the driest thing I ever ate. I haven't got anything from there since but I suggest if you go, dine in.
1	Ok where to start the pizza I ordered from here about 2 days ago first off the person who took my order was the most unpleasant person I've ever ordered from the it took about an hour and a half to get it and it was cold and hard the sauce was bland and the dough was raw WARNING TO ALL do not eat here u will get sick
4	Fat Moes is really quite good! With all the Villa Pizza's closed down it is my place when I need a quick slice and a drink for lunch. It is really cheap for the size of pieces that you get. Give it a try if you are driving by and need a quick cheap lunch.
3	We wanted.to give this place a try since its been open a while. The person who took our order didn't seem like he wanted customers, and that is a huge deal for me.  The place was empty and they are open for another two hours. We got charged an extra $1.50 just for wanting a half meat half Hawaiian pizza. We were told this after the order was wrung up. We really didn't want the same whole pizza but I have never had to pay extra. I hope the pizza is better than the service! I'll let you know..
5	Been ordering from here almost every Thursday & It's because the chicken wings are delish!!! After a while the old man is nice. I love fat moes!!!!
5	Wow? The new owners make a huge difference! The pizza was delicious and super reasonably prices. The wings were classic and crunchy. I couldn't believe how different the food tasted. So freaking yummy!
5	I walked out of fresh and easy and I thought I'd give fat Moe's  a shot. I ordered a pineapple and chicken pizza. Delicious, never had breaded chicken on pizza before. Different taste, I will definitely return.
2	They have fast and friendly service, but I was disappointed with the pizza, after the guy on the phone indicated it was so great.
