5	Bacon and Brie and Cranberry - I love youHonestly,it's the food of the Gods. Every single time I take a bite it hits me. I've tried to make my own version at home but it never seems to be the same. Ugh!!The staff are really friendly though, they make the sandwiches infront of you, it's sortof like an upper-class Subway. Watch out for the queues though, it's getting more popular...!
4	They have avocados. Full stop. In their sandwiches. And the avocados are ripe. I mean, what more could you possibly want from life? I went there today for a lunch break from work, for the first time ever, and have decided that I won't be able to eat a sandwich anywhere else. Ever. Ok, so I'm exaggerating. But the wrap was pretty damn good. I had the avocado and pesto dressing wrap, which came with fresh avocados, fresh mozzarella (as opposed to the stuff that you get for pizza), parmesan, walnuts and cherry tomatoes. Yum. The only objection I have to this place is that the wrap was teensy. I mean, I'm used to Green Deli's or Coffee Etc's full wraps, and this one was anorexic. But very tasty. Yes, very tasty indeed.
2	Not terribly impressed with this place. I had an average wrap one week, and a terrible one yesterday. It was chicken, avocado, and falafel, and the avocado was so unripe it was almost like eating pieces of apple. Lacklustre mayonnaise that did little to give the thing coherency -- some sandwiches taste like their components are meant to be together; this just seemed like a random assemblage. Falafel okay though lots fell out. Their broken biscuit cake just about made up for it; that was pretty good and I'd go back for that.
5	I was treated to Thyme wraps, cheeses, meats, sandwiches and other tasty nibbles at a Yelp event last night and, like everything about last night, I was incredibly impressed.  I am so used to pre-made sandwich platters consisting of bread which is soggy on the inside and dry on the outside, with fillings which look vaguely like something which used to be nice, and prawns which are just best to stay away from.Thyme, however, took classic and often over-done sandwiches and classed them up in just a way that they were absolutely lovely.  I started on the classic, brie, apple, cranberry concoction - often these are way too heavy on cheap brie and are just not as nice as they should be.  Thyme's wrap had the perfect balance of sweet apples, tart cranberries, and good quality brie.  Very nice.  From there I moved onto the chicken, avocado and sun dried tomato; definitely no expense was spared by Thyme.  I absolutely can't wait to go here and see what else they have to offer, and need to find an excuse of have a catered party so I can get Thyme on the go.
5	Crayfish and rocket wrap - where have you been all my life?I had read a lot of rave reviews of Thyme on Yelp previously but had never been passing when it was lunchtime. But my luck was on the up yesterday when I finally got sample more than one of their delicious fillings.The rolls are big, fresh-baked, and covered in sunflower seeds. The wraps are soft but not soggy. The fillings - oh  my the fillings. What everyone else before me has said is true. They're just exceptional, really something a bit different.The crayfish and rocket was divine. I now want it for dinner tonight, lunch tomorrow and maybe elevenses on Sunday. That good. The Thyme House was also mmmm tasty (although a little too rich on the mayo for me to have every day probably). Chicken, avocado, lettuce, what else was even there - I don't want to question it, best to leave it in a fuzzy haze of loving food memories.Thyme are definitely a cut above the rest when it comes to sandwiches, rolls, wraps, salads and platters. Why would you pip for a pre-packaged generic tuna and sweetcorn when you could have something inspired, that will make your tastebuds do merry little dances of joy, for much the same price. And it's frickin' central too!If you do something this weekend, try a Thyme wrap. You won't be disappointed .*starts singing "time after time"* ...if you're lost and your found and you will find me...time after timmmmee. That's no even the words is it?
3	The reviews on here seem to be really bad or really good. I'm quite hard to please but this place is not too bad. I wouldnt be able to afford to eat here everyday but it's good for a treat once in a while.I really appreciate good fresh bread and this place delivers in the bread department, the only problem I would have though is that they run out of it pretty soon and a few of their ingredients.That could be seen as a good thing though because A: It means they dont over stock and have things in storage losing their freshness and B: It's obviously popular otherwise they wouldnt run out!
4	Popped by Thyme on several raving recommendations and snapped up a couple of wraps. Impressed? Yes, but not to the degree that I was expecting.It's a bit out of the way, being nearly all the way down Holyrood, but not too far that it's an inconvenience to get to. The staff wasn't very pleasant, unfortunately, but it was near closing time and I could understand their desire to clear out already. There is a decent selection of options on offer, the fillings are fresh and the combinations original. I had the Thyme House wrap, with chicken, avocado, sundried tomatoes, mayo, onion and what else have you. It was really tasty, but rather small for the price. Overall, it was worth a try, and if I'm in the area I'd pop in again for a snack (not a meal, unless I bought two) but while I enjoyed it, I wouldn't go out of my way to return. Maybe if the wraps were bigger...
1	I've only put one star because it appears that Thyme at Holyrood has closed!  I was devastated to wander up and down Holyrood Road today with no Thyme in sight.
