4	I am a big fan of Road Runner Sports. I shop at both their online store and brick and mortar locations...I also shop their booths at race expos. They have a great selection of running goodies as well as friendly and knowledgeable staff members. They have a VIP club you can join to get discounts and free shipping. The coolest thing they do is sell "once-worn" running shoes at a serious discount. The shoes are worn running by the staff so they can review them and then the shoes are put out for sale. They usually sell them at race expos for $40-$50. They also sell them in the stores for varying prices. They are essentially brand new shoes.This location is next to the most amazing Whole Foods in the whole world...and so it is awesome by association. Seriously, the Road Runner Sports was really awesome. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They had a good selection of shoes and accessories. I have been having a sock dilemma recently and was in the market for a particular hard-to-find dry max sock. The website had been out of them but the store had one set in my size...see the Whole Foods magic has rubbed off a little. I bought my socks and some assorted GU. Again, we managed to transact without being arrested...I don't think we frightened anyone here.
4	After eying this location of RoadRunner Sports for some time now (since it was built), I decided I would go in today to check it out.  It was Saturday afternoon around 3:00 and the place had plenty of customers buzzing around.  The store is set up in a way that is easy to navigate - women's apparel to the left, women's shoes on the wall straight ahead, men's to the right, etc... it's always nice when you can go straight to what you are looking for when you go somewhere for the first time.I looked around a bit as I waited.  I was greeted by a couple of busy salespeople before Elizabeth came over to see if I needed some help.  By that time, I knew exactly what I wanted... Me: "I'd like to try on a pair of these Adidas Adistar Cushion" if you have them in a size 6.Elizabeth:  "Sure - let me go see if we have them in your size"(she comes out with the pair I asked for)Me: "This is the next model of the pair I've been wearing, correct?  (I show her my old pair)"Elizabeth: "Yes it is"Me: "Do you recommend these?  Notice anything on the tread of my old ones that stands out?"Elizabeth: "Nope - they look fine to me; it's totally normal to ware out the lateral side of the heels when you run"Me: "OK - cool"I tried them on, ran around the store a bit, and decided to purchase them.  Easy enough!  The fact that they were on sale was a bonus... (I would hope that if someone came in not knowing what they wanted, they would get more help than I did.)I had to wait a bit at the register but as I was doing so, I noticed that this particular store has group runs on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 6:00pm and Saturdays at 6:15am - good to know!  I also picked up a few race fliers for upcoming events (check out our events calendar for the info).  I opted not to join the VIP club just yet, but it may make sense to do so if I continue to shop at RR.If anyone reading this has experience with Roadrunner's brand of apparel, I'd be interested to hear your feedback on it.  PM me with your thoughts.  Thanks in advance - I'm off to test out my new shoes!
5	What a great experience! I came in a couple of months ago to buy a gift, and decided to come back to try it out for myself. I knew they had special test for your feet to determine what the best pair of shoes are for you. The first thing they did was have me walk over a mat to measure the height of my arches and where I apply pressure on my feet. Next, I jogged barefoot on a treadmill for 30 seconds while a camera took video. My salesperson, Patty, took the time to explain to me what all of it meant, even slowing down the video so I could see the points where my foot was landing and taking off. She then measure the length and width of my feet, and asked me questions about the things I do in my shoes. I tend to take a lot of classes at the gym, so she recommended a shoe that would be comfortable with forward and backward movement. She also thought about the fact that I may being putting more pressure on it than just running, because of the aerobic style classes. She found me a great pair of shoes! I'm very happy, and have been raving about my experience since I left the store.
4	I've been visiting this Road Runner Sports for about a year now. I keep going back because I really like the Road Runner brand women's running tops. The sizing is just right for me and I feel as though the style and quality of the clothing is good, while being more reasonably priced than the "brand name" clothing from Nike, Adidas, etc. My gripe, and the reason I gave a 3 rating, is that the employees always have trouble ringing me up correctly. I will preface this by saying that yes, I'm frugal. And maybe I wouldn't have so many issues if I wasn't trying to take advantage of various discounts. But if the store is going to offer these discounts and deals, the employees should know how to process them. There have been two instances where my 10% VIP discount was not calculated correctly. I had to explain to the employee why the math was incorrect. Then last week I brought in a pair of shoes to return. What happened was that I bought the shoes in size 5.5 online because they didn't have them in store. The price was about $86. Then I changed my mind and ordered a size 6 instead (gotta have room for my feet to swell now that summer's approaching). A deal had recently come out so I was able to apply a $10 discount to my purchase of the size 6 shoes, getting them for about $75. I called ahead of time to make sure I would have no problem returning the size 5.5 shoes in the store. When I got there, I had the shoes along with the receipt. Somehow the employee managed to return the shoes at the wrong price, only putting $75 credit back to my credit card. I then talked to the manager and said that the shoes were returned for less than I paid and wondered if there was a restocking fee. He said no. After he figured out that the other employee had processed the return for the size 6 shoes, he said that it was too much trouble to go back and reverse the transaction so he'd give me $5 on my debit card instead. He said something about how typically tax doesn't get refunded. I know I could have argued, but by this point I was just fed up so I took the $5.Another issue is with the VIP club. When I signed up for the VIP club, I heard that they auto-renew the membership. So a couple months ago I called in to ask them to remove the auto-renewal. Then lo and behold, a charge shows up on my credit card statement for the mermbership fee. Now, they were very nice when I called again and explained that I didn't want to renew. But I just wish they'd get things right the first time.I still like Road Runner Sports as a whole, but I'm probably going to start purchasing online from their website more often. Especially since they have a lot of free shipping deals.Edit: I amended my review to four stars because of my experience last Thursday. I went to check out a free Easter fun run at the store. The run itself was nothing special, just a couple laps around the roads behind the store. But I was very impressed with the amount of giveaways they offered for a free event. Each runner got to pick two plastic Easter eggs. Hidden inside two of the eggs were vouchers for a free pair of shoes. In addition to that, there was a raffle to win Road Runner Sports branded merchandise - tops, hats, socks, and water bottles. There must have been at least 10 raffle winners, but unfortunately I wasn't one of them. However the event did make me a fan of the store again, and I'll definitely be back for the next run.
4	Found the place about a year ago and since then been doing most of shopping from them. Most of my visits to the store was during weekdays and there was plenty staff there to help.I had to return some items and no question was asked. I have been very happy with them. I wish I did not have to drive 120 miles to get there.
3	Female employees wearing spandex pants in the store?  Yes!  And she's a runner too, so you know I wasn't looking at something repulsive.  Anyway, their selection of running shoes was fairly good and they have several treadmills set up to evaluate your running - with video monitors that record your feet!  They have a customer loyalty program but it has hoops to jump through that I wasn't told about when I signed up.  Apparently I can't use the gift cards on the online store because somehow it's a separate entity or something (that's what the employee said).  But they don't have the same good deals in the store as they have online.  Bah!
4	Great customer service! Becky was very knowledgeable in assisting me with getting just the right trail runners and in-soles for my feet, that would benefit the way I run and my challenges (runner's knee, and some back issues). It had the best selection I found locally. I ended up buying Montrail Mountain Masochist voted Gear of the Year by Outside Online. I was very happy with my purchase and the service. Another plus is they seem to organize group runs Tues, Thurs and Saturday's at Reach 11.
5	I had a really good experience with this store. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. On the two separate occasions I went in, the different staff members asked and were interested in what kind of running I was doing. One even suggested a race that I would like to participate in. I liked the whole shoe fitting process. I felt it was very thorough. The price is about the same as you'd find everywhere else. They have a great selection as well. Really enjoyed the atmosphere here.
3	I came here on the recommendation of a friend since I tend to have problems with heel pain. They do a diagnostic on your feet, gait, etc and can help recommend a good shoe for you. I came around lunchtime and waited 30 minutes to have the tests run. Based on my tests, the girl recommended their custom insoles. I am getting ready to start training for a half marathon, so I was down for it. It was pretty cool to see how I treat each foot differently and the employee accounted for this with my insoles. I picked out  pair of tennis shoes for approx $75 and this was after the girl brought out 4-5 pairs of shoes based on the type that was best for my feet. I tell you, though, I got some nasty sticker shock when I got to the register and paid. My custom insoles were $75!!! Holy hell, I had no idea. I was really annoyed because when the girl told me she was going to make them for me, I felt that she should have disclosed the cost. I guess I should have asked but I was the inexperienced one in the process and I don't like feeling like I was taken advantage of. On a positive note, their return policy is pretty amazing. 90 days and if you don't like your shoes, you can take them back even if you have been running in them. Hopefully, my insoles will prove to be worth it during my training but that remains to be seen.
5	I'm training for my first full marathon in January, and with some longer training runs on the horizon I figured it was time for some new running shoes.I came in on a Tuesday night, and walked into what was some sort of sponsored night for a high school cross country team so the place was plenty busy.  I thought about going somewhere else or just coming back some other time, but instead I browsed some of the shoes I've been eyeballing online.  I saw their foot analysis station, with a wait behind all those with the cross country people.  When I mentioned I was not with them, one of the employees made sure to grab someone to slip me in.  While there was still a wait I appreciated the accommodation.The foot analysis was more thorough than any I have had done before.  With that said, I was happy I went home and put on a fresh pair of socks before coming in.  Yes, they wanted to add on the custom inserts, but I declined as I have been fine without them for the past 2 years.  It takes about 15 minutes or so, but when you are dropping considerable cash on a pair of shoes its good to know that you aren't just guessing at what works best for you. I also signed up for the VIP membership, I'm logging more miles than ever in my training and will need another pair sooner than later.  After saving 10% on 2 pairs, it pretty much pays for itself. Everyone I dealt with seemed knowledgeable, and I really appreciated the extra effort by the staff even with how busy they were.
5	This is probably the quickest I have updated a review, but I knew I was going to update it with another 5 stars or with 1.  I'd had my new shoes for just over 2 months, and training for a marathon I've put a considerable amount of mileage on this pair.  As the distance of my longer runs started to increase, I was beginning to notice a reoccurring blister on top of my right big toe, and it was only getting worse.  Turns out there was a piece of material while small, was big enough to cause this irritation.Being over 2 months out and having some wear and tear on the shoes (they were not quite so white after a couple trail runs) I thought I was out of luck.  But I remembered the 90 day VIP love 'em guarantee.  I did some research online as I was sure there had to be a catch such as pro-rating for wear and tear etc, but I didn't come across any complaints.  I still returned to the store expecting to have to jump through a few hoops.   I walked in and was actually greeted by the same sales rep that helped me 2 months ago.  I explained my issue and without requiring too much detail he began to process my exchange (I was happy with the shoes in all aspects aside from the defect so I just swapped it for the same pair).  It was quick and painless.  I think the standard "love 'em" guarantee is 60 days, but with the VIP package I paid for I was within the 90 days.  So all in all I couldn't be happier with the experience.
4	So I'm not an avid runner. I spend more time on the elliptical than pounding the pavement, but I thought I'd mix some running into my workout routine. I had an old worn-out pair of Asics (Kayanos) purchased from a sporting goods store. This time, I wanted to get some expert advice for my shoe purchase.I went through the Shoe Dog analysis and found the process to be very informative. They have you run barefoot on a treadmill and film your movement. Then an associate helps you analyze your stride and find where you need extra support. You get a paper slip with the details and an email summarizing everything (which I never received sadly).I always thought I overpronated on both feet, and the Asic Kayanos I had were ultra stabilizing shoes. Overpronation = when your foot rolls inward more than 15% after the initial strike and comes off the ground near the big toe. This means you can't absorb shock as well and need a stabilizing shoe. The film showed me I only overponated slightly on one foot, and thus needed a stability shoe. The associate pulled a few shoes that fit the bill, and I settled on a comfortable pair of Asics (on sale, too!).They fit every customer who goes through the process for custom insoles and then you can try them in each shoe. They are pricy at around $73, but are supposed to last longer than normal insoles. I ended up purchasing them because it really made my shoes more comfortable, but after running a few times in the insoles, they caused extra strain on my calves. Thankfully, RoadRunner has a great return policy: 30 days for custom insoles, 90 days for the shoes.Overall, I am very satisfied with my shoes and the RoadRunner brand apparel (their shirts fit well, and have little features like a place for your keys). We joined the VIP club because we were buying two new pairs of shoes and some apparel. If you expect to make some big purchases or need new running shoes quite often, it makes a lot of sense.
4	The "Shoe Dog" experience was quite fun and entertaining!  It assists in finding the right shoe for your foot...and pretty accurate!Shop from hundreds of the best walking and running brands like ASICS, adidas, Brooks, New Balance, Saucony, Mizuno, Merrell, Nike, Puma, Pearl Izumi, Sperry, Timberland, Under Armour. You'll find fantastic natural running shoes from Vibram Five Fingers, Newton Running, and K-SWISS and trail shoes from Merrell, Salomon, and UK Gear. Grab the best gear from brands like Garmin, Baby Jogger, BOB, GU, Honey Stinger and FRS. You'll also find your favorite Triathlon Gear in the Road Runner Sports online Triathlon store. store. Choose from brands like 2XU, Shimano, Bont, Giro, Aquasphere and Xlab.
5	Wowoweewow.I've never been so fascinated and grossed out in a sneaker store before. Let me explain, feet aren't really my thing. They're pretty nasty, if you ask me. So the idea of spending like 10-15 minutes talking to someone about mine specifically and then watching a SLOW MOTION video of them is just way too much. But it was pretty awesome. I learned I have really high arches, and too much ankle flexibility and tend to keep my weight all on my heels. Fascinating. So they mold a pair of insoles specifically for your foot and then recommend a pair of sneaks that compliment your needs as a runner. I ended up with a sweet pair of Nikes. And with the VIP membership, it took about $30 off the total bill.All of the associates are friendly, knowledgable and down to earth. I never got the 'holier than thou' runners attitude from any of them. Now I've been running on my new kicks for a few days and I actually do see a big difference in the way I run. And that's the biggest return, actual results.Happy trails.
5	This was my first experience in the store actually buying shoes.  I have been in the store to buy running/hiking accessories and clothes in my previous trips.I went into the store and told the associate what I was looking for which was some new trail running shoes and some cross-trainers.  They suggested that I go through the ShoeDog fitting experience to see what type of shoe would be best for me.  The fitting session was really interesting and it really made me appreciate why the associates push the service before you buy a pair of shoes.  I'm a golfer and have been fitted for my clubs, so I understand the value of not assuming I know what is best for me.  Let the professionals use their knowledge of the way your body moves when you run or walk and match  you up to the style of shoe that fits your body.  You don't HAVE to go through the process, but because of the way the shoe selection is configured, it makes sense to do it and I highly recommend that you do.  Just go during slower parts of the day if you can, they say between 3-4pm during the week is best.Once you're done with the ShoeDog fitting, you get the option to buy their custom soles and if you don't like them, you can still return them.  I decided to get one pair for my running shoes.  I asked the clerk if I should get another pair for my trainers and he explained that in training shoes, you should keep a flat profile and arch supports aren't a good suggestion.  I was impressed that there was no "up-sale".  He could have easily said, yep, and taken my money.I don't know how the "fitters" are able to put up with messing with people's feet all day, but for the customer, it is worth the experience.  The staff is the most friendly retail staff I have ever encountered.  They greet you with a smile, introduce themselves and ask for your name as well.  I don't get that experience ANYWHERE.  They are also very knowledgeable about their product selection which helps save time when trying to find the right shoe.  They were not ever pushy or condescending (typical in Scottsdale) and it was overall a great experience.  I won't buy athletic shoes anywhere else.  Period.I even bought a gift card for my dad so that he can get the right shoes so his feet don't hurt as much when he walks.
4	Very nice group of people that work here. Yes they may work on commission, but they are not pushy and very  patient.  Especially Chris!!!! Unlike another yelper's experience, when I got my feet evaluated  through ShoeDog, they wiped everything down (including the treadmill) before I proceed. I didn't have high arches but I did favor one foot more than another as I was experience some pain in my right foot. I really wanted to get a new pair of shoes but I opted for the custom insoles instead and they have worked greatly for me as I have noticed a huge difference in the shoes I already have and my right foot does not hurt like it use to. Yes they were expensive but I had just signed up for the VIP program online for a whopping $1.99 for the year so it did save me a few dollars. I will be back to get the shoes that I really want when I can afford them. So if they are so great, why not 5 stars? Because when I went back to get my custom insoles that I had done on a Friday on that Monday, they had already been tossed (even after I said I was coming back) so I had to get refitted again. Took a few minutes longer than I had planned but it wasn't too bad. I was more bummed that they threw out my custom insoles more than anything.
5	I stayed away for awhile, trying to support local running stores. Then I heard about the First Thursday Adventure Run and I can't stay away!Every month they put on this completely free hour long run for raffle tickets! Go to as many or few checkpoints as you can reach in that time, and then turn in your tickets for a chance to win endless prizes! Shoes, restaurant gift cards, compression sleeves, race entries, and more! Free beer too! Seriously! I was missing out!As for the store, they have a great selection of shoes and clothes, and I like their own line! I have a tech shirt with is light weight and sized appropriately unlike some other brands! They even recently came out with these awesome LED light hoodies! For night time running safety! They are really cute too! 10% off always with VIP card, and sometimes its bumped up to 20%! Very nice.If you like to run, this store has a lot of what you need under one roof, with deals, and a very enthusiastic staff.
5	Love this place! I have bought a few pairs of shoes here and returned them multiple times using their 90 wear um and love um program. Some places make you feel bad or awkward about returning things, NOT HERE! Best way to find the right shoe! Great selection of shoes and they are always very helpful.
4	Came here to get fitted for my new marathon kicks, although it was a long commitment time wise, I came out with a great pair of saucony's. They will try to up sell you of course for some insoles, don't need them...Make sure to sign up for VIP online for a dollar and get savings in store.I like coming here to get my running bottles, socks, energy gels and other accessories.
5	I recently visited the Road Runner Sports to buy shoes for my father-in-law, who used to be an dedicated runner and fitness fanatic.  Unfortunately, he suffered a broken hip and can no longer run...in fact walking can be a challenge these days.  So, we went to Road Runner Sports for new shoes and we met Trace.  Trace was outstanding, helping us find appropriate shoes while being compassionate, patient and professional. She provided us expert recommendations and exceeded our expectations! Thank you Trace!
1	Wow! I went in there today to buy a pair of shoes. I had every intention of leaving there with a new pair of shoes. Purchased their VIP discount (by the way, waste of money) and so I was dedicated to being a long-term customer. I sat down in their shoe area and after 15 minutes of waiting, I was acknowledged. I was asked what shoe I would like to try on and what size. The shoe salesman, went around to tend to everyone else and never came back with my shoes. As more people entered the shoe area, other sales people trying to get in their sale, aggressively approached the people after me as I was still  patiently waiting on my shoes! The original sales guy came back to me again, asking my size, AGAIN,  then went back to help other customers who couldn't make up their minds.  Worst. Customer. Service. Ever. They don't know how do deal with large crowds of people. After waiting 20 minutes, still never got my shoes and left angry. I was probably one of the easiest sales they could have had. They lost this sale and this customer. There are plenty of running stores with competitive prices and better customer service. Won't be back.
5	I have been coming here f or a while but always dreaded it because the service was soooo slow and cumbersome. I just went in and Lisa W totally changed my opinion. She was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. She had a great attitude and brought out lots of shoes until we were able to fit my extra wide feet. I bought two pairs of shoes and shorts. My shoes worked out perfectly even if I am still slow and dorky!
5	First time in the store this last weekend, did the Shoe Dog with JT, then Trayce helped get me fit. What a team of employees. LOVED IT! I'll be back for sure and loving the new kicks!
5	I loved my experience here at roadrunner. The entire staff was wonderful and I truly enjoyed the shoes they helped me pick for my foot type. I'll be back for sure.
2	I like the products in the store and the prices are great. Customer service sucks especially when you try to check out. There can be a long line and only one person at the register.  One morning I could not even find someone to let me pay. Some of the staff are very in your face and matter of fact. Not ideal for a sales person.
3	I've updated the rating to a 3 because I went there recently (around late Feb 2014) regarding some foam roller/stretching equipment and received good service.  Not only was a promptly helped but another employee was called over because they were more knowledgeable.-------------------------------------------My wife just experienced the rudest and worst customer service at this store.  She KNOWS what shoes she likes and calls to put the new ones on hold.  When she gets to the store, JT tries to quickly ring her up.  She states that she needs to try them on as they sometimes change from year to year.  When she tries them on, they feel big and she lets JT know.  He states they are the same shoes and has someone else help her as he's "busy".  My wife tries on a 1/2 size smaller and still finds them a bit strange.  She decides to get them and when getting rung up, she sees that they have given her wide shoes.She then tries on the standard width and surprise, surprise, the normal size she wears is just fine.The icing on the cake is that JT comes back to apologize that he couldn't finish helping her and asked how things are.  When she complained that he gave her wides and didn't do a good job checking, no apology is given.  Instead, JT walks away.I have the VIP discount but I seriously feel much better about going to Soul Sports or Runner's Den.  They have people that run and seem interested in helping you and not on how much you are spending.I gave the review a 2 instead of a 1 because I've had okay experiences here in the past.  Nothing noteworthy... just enough that I didn't feel I should hit them with a 1 star.
5	My husband and I have been VIPs through their online store for years. We were SO excited when we moved to Scottsdale and realized that there was a RoadRunner nearby.We were cheerfully greeted when we came in the door (when we left they were super busy and there was no longer a greeter at the door, however the cashier's were acknowledging clients when they entered - which is nice). She put our names on the list to go through the treadmill/fitting phase.The shoedog online was always fun and helpful, but in person it's another thing all together.Our fitting experience was the best I've ever had (and I've been through a number of those walk-on-the-treadmill type fittings). You can tell that they go through some serious training to be able to have that kind of a conversation with you, I mean they noticed my tight Achilles. That has NEVER happened before. After being sized, and having my walk monitored for type of show, I got fitted for insoles. Yes, another reviewer is right - you do not NEED them. However, good insoles really do make a difference in the feel of the show. And when you feel better in your show, you'll get more out of it. I LOVED the gal that did our fitting, unfortunately I neglected to remember her name and feel badly for it.After the fitting, we met with JT. He first asked if we had any preferred type of shoe, then went into the back to pull shoes that fit our needs.Great experience. Good quality products. Good service.We will be back - in 6 months or xx number of miles, whichever comes first! :)
5	My Grandfather has some serious Achilles tendon damage, and has been suffering.  He has just been fitted special casts to wear on his feet, and he needed a new pair of shoes that could fit the casts.  Normally I take him most places he needs to go, but unfortunately I had to work today, so Gramps was on his own.  Let me just say... this place rocks!!  CHRIS was a huge help to my grandfather, and they took the time to cut the shoes he was purchasing so that his cast could fit comfortably.  Not only this, but they also said that should the shoes be uncomfortable, to come on through and they would think of something else to help.Its rare to find stores and employees that go above and beyond to help.  I am truly grateful for the help and compassion my Grandfather received from RoadRunner.  I am new in town from Boston, and will be sure to get my next pair of shoes here!Thanks again, Chris, as well as the rest of the store!  You guys ROCK!
5	I visited the RRS on Saturday afternoon. There were quite a few customers in the store but I was greeted promptly by a friendly employee. I had to do return and it was simple and she was very helpful discussing Garmin products. They are always happy to help whether the item was purchased in store or online.
5	great service, exclusive selection, and best of all prices. i always save money. free video analysis of how you run is cool and i recommend it to everyone i train.
5	I've been going to RoadRunner sports for over 4 years after we moved to Scottsdale and would never go anywhere else.  Last week I bought a new pair of running shoesa and Tracye helped me find the perfect pair.   Today, I went back with my Mother-in-law who needed a pair of walking shoes and Tracye patiently helped her find the perfect pair of shoes. Between the selection and great customer service I won't go anywhere else!
1	I can't seem to get consistent quality customer service here. Shame on me for continuing to go back.  The problem is, it's super close and convenient. It seems they have their act together about every other time I shop there but they don't handle weekend crowds well. I was back at it again when I was looking for a pair of shoes for my 8 year old son this weekend. In hindsight, I would not return there for kid's shoes simply because the selection is lousy and if you're going for the customer service... well, you may or may not be assisted. When my son and I walked in, we were greeted by a very friendly employee who asked us if we were looking for anything in particular. She then pointed to a sign (in plain view, by the way) and sent us over to the shoe area. As other customers walked in after us, we were completely ignored. I almost felt like maybe I've received better customer service at the DMV. Perhaps, Road Runner should consider the number system to take care of their customers as they come in? I was furious. I saw other customers being helped and Road Runner employees standing around, "helping", and directing people to the shoe department. Yet, finding a person to grab a pair of shoes was impossible.Sigh. I need to find a new Shoe Go to.
5	Super friendly and very helpful staff, plus a great selection of shoes and apparel.  If they don't have it in stock, they will go out of their way to find it for you.  Getting custom fit for shoe inserts is a plus and their 90 day trial of running shoes is awesome.  This company gets customer service while always being on he cutting edge of new products!!!!  Don't forget the VIP program, lots of discounts!!!!
5	Mandatory stop for beginner runners, like me : )Came here for the free 5K Adventure Run 9/4/14 (lots of prizes) and Fit Expert David helped me that day (David was very friendly and helpful).Came back 9/12 to have hubby and daughter fitted as well, and David helped my husband with the fitting, and helped us choose shoes. Someone else helped my daughter with the fitting but I do not remember his name. He was very friendly and enthusiastic. Overall a great experience.
3	It felt a little like I was being "sold" on products - particularly the insoles. The associate seemed bugged when I didn't end up buying the shoes or insoles in the end. They didn't have the color I wanted. I would definitely recommend Sole Sports. They are NOT on commission like Road Runner and much more knowledgeable.
5	Deanna the Nike's are awesome & perfect!!! They rocked on my 4 mike run around the island & hour in the gym! I forgot to put the inserts in so will let you know about those! Thanks for all the attention yesterday!
5	If you need athletic shoes this is the place to go, knowledgeable staff, state of the art equipment to assess your walk or run, one of the biggest selections of various name brands.
4	Overall i had a good experience at RoadRunner - The Shoedog diagnosed me and they had me with the slow-mo video of my feet while running. A great selection of shoes and a knowledgeable staff. They do get docked one star because the pitch is a bit too tricky for me. They don't really want you to know prices and almost force the expensive insole on you so when you hit the check out, wow! Sticker shock.. They also push the VIP membership.. Fortunately, having lived in this area for many years, I knew it was coming and I needed some new work out sneakers. I waited a day to write this review because I wanted to test the merchandise and I'm happy to report the shoes and insoles are awesome!! i won't complain too much if I feel like I got some value: clearly i did!
4	RoadRunner Sports has earned my admiration first from the Adventure Runs. Jordy is especially great. Both times I've had the pleasure of interacting with her, she has been kind, patient, very friendly. In fact, it was because of her that I started shopping at the store. The quality of the items carried at the store is high and like Gabi M. Has written, the store is easy to navigate. The dressing rooms are clean and spacious. The only caution I would share is ladies make sure the curtains are fully closed before taking our clothes off as a couple of times I found the curtain agap as I was about to take off my clothes to try things on. I did not realize that they will custom mold an insole for you. Now I know after reading Andrea S.'s review. This sounds like a great service!  I had thought they only did the running analysis. I have to go in now and see what they say. I'm due for a new pair of sneakers anyway!By the way, if you are reading this and have yet to participate in their Adventure Runs, I highly recommend giving the runs a try. They are super fun and when they say you can win a ton of prizes, they are not kidding and it's all true!!!
