5	Finally got out to SuperFarm after months of being tempted with butters, milk, and ice cream.  We did the tour and had a great time.  The people who work there do a great job controlling the children and really try their best to educate them.  Personally, I can't stand kids but the SuperFarm guys did a great job keeping the YMCA day care group that was part of our tour entertained.  There were lots of chances to get "hands-on" with the different products that they make and use at the farm, plus there was a petting zoo of sorts.  There are donkeys, goats, a goose, rabbits, chickens, and cows...lots of cows.  The whole thing is really cool.If you have kids (especially you city slickers) or you just enjoy seeing where your food comes from, go check out SuperFarm.  While you are there, you can buy fresh butter, cream, ice cream, milk, and a bunch of other stuff depending on the season.  All of it is great.  I wish they sold at the Phx Public Market.  I'd live off their produce.
5	If only every dairy farm in the world could be as wonderful, clean, and humane as the Super Farm.  As soon as we pulled up, I knew this was a different kind of dairy farm.  The grounds were exceptionally clean for a farm, and it smelled, but not in that "omg this is so offensive I need a gas mask" type of way.  We actually came here twice.  The first time was on a Monday because we were under the assumption that they were open, and they weren't.  I tweeted my disappointment and was immediately offered an apology along with a free tour.  I was really impressed with the intense desire to please everyone that they clearly have here.  We came back later in the week, but we did pay for our tour.  I don't mind supporting wonderful places like this with my hard earned dollars.  The tour lasted about an hour and consisted of a introduction to the farm along with lots of great information about their animals and the way they are taken care of.  Next we visited the "petting zoo" type animals, goats, donkey, horse, goose, rabbit, lamb.  the good stuff.  The animals were all clean and seemed very happy.  After that we got to go on a hayride around the facilities where we learned what each enclosure was for.After the tour we stopped in their cute little boutique that is filled with all sorts of great things from novelties, to clothing, to yummy sodas and homemade dairy products.  I was also very impressed with how well our tour guide handled the hordes of children and their pushy parents.  I was Super Impressed with Super Farm and hope that everyone gets a chance to tour sometime.
4	I wish there were  1/2 stars for ratings - I would give 3.5.  (bumped up to a 4 to support local business).  A 45min drive for a tour that was less than - I think it was about 30 mins.  And it didn't even include watching any milking or the making or any dairy products at all??  A tractor took us up and down the rows of cows, while giving a description of their keep, instruction of their care, information on their lifespan & day-to-day life.  you could try some milk afterwards (yippee) for an additional $1 to the $7.50 tour price.  I did want to support the farm further, and did so by purchasing products such as milk, cream, butter and cheese.  I guess I would (sorta) recommend it, it is fun and informative for the kiddies.  But I would only do something like this like once/yr (ie: queen creek olive mill).
5	I can not say enough great things about this farm!  After visiting the farm for a field trip, my daughter insisted on having her 6th birthday party here.  When I made my reservation, I specifically asked for Casey to be our party host because he is just THE BEST when it comes to the little ones (and I knew that from having been at the farm 2 other times for school field trips).  He speaks about the cows and the farm in words they can understand and relate to, he's funny and is incredibly patient!  He is an awesome farm tour guide!For birthday parties the farm does require admission for 'every belly button' so it can add up if a parent of an invited guest ends up sticking around.  I kept my guest list small for this reason.  With the package I picked, the farm supplied us with an ice cream cake (made at their ice cream shop in Gilbert, Udder Delights).  It was round and decorated like a cow.  It was adorable!  The best part, well, actually the 2nd best part, was that the farm gave my daughter a little gift bag with some goodies in it as a thank you for having her party there.  It's been a month and my daughter still carries around the cowboy boot gift bag around the house!  Everytime we drive by, my kids remind me of the party at the farm....they truely loved it.  Thank you Superstion Farm!
5	The best petting zoo and ice cream in town!!!And they have a community garden few people know about. Check it out.
5	I took the kids here one random weekday for their petting zoo and had a blast! They're a dairy farm (be prepared to be breathing in that fresh country air!) and do tours at 10am and 12noon which would be cool to check the place out but maybe another day...they had a good selection of animals-(all baby animals) horses, cows, sheep, goats, chickens, bunnies, and they actually took the small ones out of their cages so the kids could actually hold and pet them. Perks...They have horseback riding lessons for kids (there was a class going on while we were there so we were able to watch a little). They have AMAZING, fresh cheese curds (I'm from WI so this is HUGE!!) which I snagged a couple different flavors-the jalepeno is amazing and barely lasted the car ride home! They make their own ice cream from their own milk and have a freezer full of different AMAZING flavors!!! We tried three different kinds and all were delicious! The animals were surprisingly clean and appeared to be well taken care of.They were filming a Chick-fil-a commercial the day we went so we got pictures with the Chick-fil-a cow mascot!  Some downsides...They're kind of a far drive even from Chandler (they're east of Sossoman and Elliot) but after going, I'd say it's worth it! Petting Zoo hours are a little weird given that naptime usually falls right in the middle of the day... Tuesday-Friday-12:00-3:00pm, Saturdays-1:00pm-3:00pm, Sundays- 10:00am-3:00pm...~~~~~I just checked out their website and they're doing a MOO-ey Christmas three Friday nights in December from 5-10pm (Santa's gonna be there!!) for $5 which includes face painting, petting zoo, night time hayride, and s'mores!! We will DEFINITELY be there!!
5	What a great day! We started out in the classroom (have you ever seen a size of a cow's aspirin?!) and moved on to the milk bar.   The milk was great and there were lots to choose from.  We tried strawberry, raspberry and chocolate - yum!The hay ride was informative and we got to see over 1000 cows and one of them was even giving birth! Yeeck, hope she is ok now. After feeding the animals at the Petting Zoo we got to try ice cream and check out the store.  The people at the register were nice and the farm is well organized.   Great way to spend time with your little one, educational and fun.
5	SOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUN! The 3 of us went to Superstition Farm for their tour last Saturday. No, we didn't have any kids with us but we may have had a better time than most of the kids.The beginning is a bit dry. You're in the "classroom" for a while learning about random facts related to diary cows.  Moo.  After that, it's a hay ride.  Girls, let me give you one tip - Make sure you wear long pants or shorts that are long.  Hay is very uncomfortable under your butt if there isn't enough padding.  Anyway, the hay ride was entertaining but the best part had yet to come.Once the hayride was over, the "tour" was officially over.  But everyone stuck around to check out the petting zoo. The animals were all so friendly and we got to feed them as well.  There was a hodgepodge of creatures from a young cow to sheep to rabbits and even a turkey.  Yum...just kidding.In addition, there's a black lab on the premise that was amazing.  This dog would make an incredible soccer player.  His reaction time is unbelievable - any team would be happy to have him as a goalie.After the animal bonding, we went to try flavored milk.  Mine was butterscotch flavored and it was just ok.  I was disappointed that the milk wasn't fresh from the farm but I guess it's not legal to serve unprocessed milk.  Since we had a Groupon, we also had a chance to try Udder Delights ice cream. At $2.50 each, I would never pay for them individually. But seeing that it was included in my "deal," we enjoyed them a lot.Don't be embarrassed if you don't have kids.  Trust me, adults can enjoy Superstition Farm too.
5	As good as it gets!! I found this little gem by purchasing a Groupon for some of their farm fresh products. I have come back numerous times now and I refuse to buy dairy or eggs anywhere else. The eggs are fabulous. The yolk is a beautiful bright orange with a flavor that those mass produced grocery store eggs could not even come close to matching. The farmers cheese is made fresh and comes in great flavors. The garlic & pepper and chipotle are my favorites. The salsa and hummus are also quite tasty. I buy whey for my dogs it is so good for them, it is only $1.00 and they love it! There is a little area behind the store where you can pet the animals. Support this farm and provide your family with farm fresh food and the education about where food actually should come from...
5	My 2.5 year old son and i signed up for a mommy and me class in october.  It was really great, the group size was small enough to hear/see everything.  He really liked feeding the animals in the petting zoo area.  I'll admit, I had a good time catching chickens. They are really hands on at the farm and it's nice to see such transparency with regard to local food production.  No more costco milk for us anymore!  and Toby the farm dog = best dog, EVER.
5	We just took the tour last week and had the milk bar.  Our girls are only 3 and 1 and both absolutely loved it!  If you can't swing the entire tour you can do just the petting zoo for half price and that in itself is well worth the trip!  The animals are all so tame and sweet with children of all ages and the milk bar was fantastically delicious!  This was such a great adventure for our family!
5	I can't say enough about how much we love this place! We first went to the farm for my son's second birthday and did the hayride and petting zoo tour. We loved picking flavors at the milk bar and hand feeding the animals. We went again after purchasing a Groupon and are now Dairy Club members. I really enjoy getting close to the source of our food and trying out all the special nosh that the chefs whip up. From peanut butter ice cream, garlic & herb butter, red pepper aioli, to the awesome chicken salad- we are hooked!
5	I honestly just got home from visiting Super Farm!  I headed out their way because I wanted to try their milk - we are trying to spend our $$ on local businesses.  It was great to actually speak to the people who raise the cows and see the cows with my own eyes! We ended up staying for about two hours!  Everyone was so friendly.  We bought our gallon of milk ($3.49) and some butter ($4.99) and then stayed for lunch.  Chef Matt - I hope I didn't forget his name!- introduced himself while we were buying milk and we decided to stay for lunch . The kids split a kid's cheeseburger and I had the chicken salad - sandwich.  It was fantastic!! After lunch we visited the baby cows, the goats, and then stopped and had a big glass of flavored milk ($1 each - grape for my 2 yr old daughter and chocolate for my 4 yr old son).  Everyone is so nice here - my children LOVED it and did not want to leave.  Worth the 40-ish minute drive out there.  (We live in South Phoenix)
5	We have toured Superstition Farm as a family, purchased their Wednesday night chicken dinners, and participate in their Dairy Food Club.  Everything has been EXCELLENT!  My daughters love any excuse to visit Superstition Farm (and to be honest, so do I, haha!).
5	Love this farm! It is wonderful to live so close to a farm that allows kids and adults alike to learn about a working dairy, pet/feed rescued farm animals, learn about eating locally, and have many classes and camps throughout the year. Selling milk, cheese, and ice cream. Wednesday chicken dinner is a-ma-zing. I can't wait for the new grill to open!
5	I started as a CSM member for their dairy which meant driving 30 minutes from Central Phoenix to Scottsdale for my pick-up every other week. But it was always worth it for fresh local milk, delicious ice cream, yogurt, farmers cheese, eggs and whatever other goodies were part of the package that week (I'm starting to become physically dependent on their buttermilk syrup - so dreamy). Now I'm so hooked that I don't consider it an inconvenience to drive almost an hour out to the farm for their new Thursday night market! Many of the vendors who are there also participate in other Farmers Markets around the Valley, but the experience of going to the place where your food actually comes from is something that more people should experience these days. This is also a great place to take the kids - there are hay rides, a petting zoo, and just the overall opportunity to experience life on a farm. I'm a former 4-Her who grew up in the country, but I now live in the city and do the whole urban dweller lifestyle, so the trip out to Superstition Farm is a wonderful way to return to my roots every once in a while, while getting access to really delicious, locally produced food.
5	I am PLEASED to be the first to review this new farmers market.  It is unique being a farmers market on a REAL farm.I have visited Superstition Farm in the past and have always enjoyed being there.  They have special events throughout the year and also have farm tours on a daily basis.I signed up for their email list and was notified of the Grand Opening of this Farmer's Market.  Being a frequent market shopper, I was intriqued.  It said it was family friendly, so my neighbor and myself loaded up the kids in the van and headed over there.What a pleasant experience!  There was a wonderful vibe there!  Not only do they have locally grown produce, jams, breads, dairy and other typical farm market products...but they also offered hayrides, farm animal fun, horse rides!!They also have a little kitchen where some wonderful flavors were coming out of.  We didn't eat this time, but for sure we will go back!This is by far my favorite farmers market in the Valley.
4	My kids and I took advantage of the $5 special today.  We got a hayride, feeding the rescue animals at the petting zoo and some of the awesome ice cream.  It was great to check out a local business and keep the kiddies occupied for a little over an hour.  My kids were in awe of the cows and really enjoyed the time spent there.  Farmer Jason was funny on the hayride and my kids loved that.I've been thinking about doing their dairy food csa, and I think this solidified the deal for me.  Great place!
5	I can't speak highly enough about this wonderful family farm. I took advantage of a Groupon they offered for their Dairy Club last fall, and I haven't looked back! The family cares deeply about the food they produce and the family fun they offer to their neighbors, and it shows. They want to share it with their community, and they are a cool bunch of folks! They make their own farmer's cheese, their own Greek yogurt, whey, and ice cream, and their chickens lay free range eggs. You can buy them all at the farm. But the best part of the whole experience is seeing the cows that produce the milk you drink, and getting to feed all the animals (a lot of them rescue animals) that hang out in the courtyard. This is Arizona at its finest--go there, take a tour, and have a great conversation with people who are passionate about what they do.
5	First time being on a dairy farm so I don't really have anything to compare it to but we went there for a birthday party this past weekend and it was a lot of fun!  The folks there were really friendly and I think the kids had a blast.  There were animals to pet and we all got to go on a hayride around the farm and checked out the cows.  Learned that cows have to be pregnant in order to produce milk.  *duh*
5	They roast chiles here every day, they also sell homemade tamales.
5	What an amazing experience ! We always have so much fun going to Superstition Farm, the animals are sweet, Toby the farm dog is adorable and so loving. Everyone that runs the farm is amazing!! They have something for everyone. Always have fun events going on and very involved with their customers. Can't wait to go back !
5	The Superstition Farm  Tour is a wonderful family-friendly activity.  We came to Mesa, AZ to visit relatives for Thanksgiving.  I went on-line to try and find some family-friendly activities to do with the kids while in town and the Superstition Farm Tour came up.  We went on the tour this morning (11/23/11) and it was great.  "Farmer Jason" was very knowledgeable, friendly and funny.  He started with a brief educational (and entertaining) lesson.  Then, we took a narrated hayride tour around the dairy farm.  Afterward, we all got to hand-feed several of the animals in their petting zoo.  My kids, aged 10 and 15, loved it.  At the end, you can pay an extra dollar to visit the "milk bar", where they have all sorts of really unusually flavored milk.  We did that and it was well worth it.  Our favorite was the strawberry, but we also sampled grape, banana and orange-flavored milk.  The entire experience was a wonderful, unique and very family-friendly activity.  Learned a lot and laughed a lot.  : )
4	I've never been to a dairy farm, and saw SuperFarm listed as one of the best things to do in Mesa on Tripadvisor, so my friend and I ventured here to check it out.  The cows here seemed pretty well taken care of, and were fed a mixture of hay and corn, as opposed to the brown grain/feed you usually see cows eat on TV.  The petting zoo had lots of adorable animals, such as an inquisitive spotted goat, 2 calves, a long haired fuzzy bunny, various chickens, laid back sheep, and a slightly grumpy donkey (I don't know its real name, but I dubbed it Eeyore).  The store here has various dairy products such as ice cream, flavored and unflavored butters, buttermilk, flavored cheese, as well as eggs, and desserts such as chocolate dipped macaroons.  They have a very cute, albeit dusty, selection of kid's toys and various T shirts with a farm theme.  They have a farmer's market here on Thursdays, which is a good option for those looking for local produce that live in Mesa.  Definitely a cool place to go if you're looking for a nice outdoors activity, but don't want to drive too far from the Phoenix area.
5	Friendly staff, good food, nice petting zoo. Ice cream is excellent!
5	This place is just a lot of fun.  I had a Groupon for a tour and two food pickups, and Jason was very accommodating about my schedule, their schedule, and the Groupon expiry all being misaligned.  The tour was a hayride through the dairy farm where we learned a lot about their practices and how they care for the cows.  Afterward, we fed some animals in the petting zoo, held a chicken, and visited the Milk Bar.Everybody there was super friendly and knowledgeable.  The food pickup consisted of milk, butter, ice cream and a surprise item (chicken salad the first time, a sorbet the second time).  It's all very delicious and I like knowing I'm spending my money on a local business.  The farm is pretty far from me, so I don't know if I'll make it back regularly.  But whenever I am in that area I'll definitely stop by for some ice cream and to pet a goat.
5	Super Farm Market is as good as it gets for East Valley farmers markets, if not the entire valley.  Every Thursday evening from 4:30-7:30 pm all year round, the market is on.  There's fresh, local produce, artisan breads and pastas, candies, cookies, cakes, salas, jams, honey, dog treats, vegan snacks, grass fed beef, and more.  Not to mention the farm sells farm fresh, artisan cheeses, butters, milk, ice cream, yogurt, and eggs.  And Udder Delights is there with desserts and ice cream.It's by far the most convenient farmer's market as it's indoor year round.  And you go to each vendor and your charges are written on a ticket, so you pay once at the end (like a grocery) with cash or credit.  You can also visit Mooster's Mootique, the farm's gift shop, for all sorts of cute things for kids and adults alike.  The market also has a free petting zoo with sheep, goats and baby calves to keep the little ones entertained.  They usually do horse rides and hay rides during the market as well, so it's a great chance to see the farm if you haven't already.If you live in the east valley, there's no reason not to be at Super Farm Market.
4	Great place with even better people. I stopped by one day, took a tour of the small petting zoo and looked around the store. The owner was the nicest guy and talked to me for half an hour like we'd been friends our entire lives. I love the butter and ice cream!
5	What a fantastic, family-run farm!  A wonderful, authentic experience where you can feel the love and hard-work that has gone into making this place so very special.  My 3-year-old son was in heaven!  Hay ride & dairy tour, feeding/petting friendly animals, milk tasting (yum), and cute shop with farm-fresh ice cream and eggs!  There's something "Field of Dreams" about this place and if you can't root for this hard-working family then who can you root for?  Go, you will not be sorry!
5	Fantastic!  We got a hayride, favored milk, food for the petting zoo and ice cream for $6 a piece.  The ice cream was worth the $6.  I took my 17 month old and she loved it.  There was plenty of space to run around and some great tractors for photo ops.  The people who ran it were really friendly and engaging.  Great experience for kids.  It is a dairy farm so it smells, but it was the best smelling dairy farm I have ever come upon.
5	Come to the farmer's market on Thursday and bring your kiddos! It might be a small place, but you can kill a lot of time here--even if you aren't looking to spend much (or any) money. The owners are super nice. Our first time they were standing outside and introduced themselves and gave our boys a little tour.
1	Ummm, did I go to the right farm? Having missed the tour, I was told we could still go out to the petting zoo, and I had to try the milk bar cause that was pretty darned intriguing. Total cost for myself, the husband, and our year old baby? $23.40! And here's what you get for your hard earned dollar: a couple of goats and a donkey, in a small enclosure which you stand outside of and *look* at the animals. The flavored milk? Little cups of milk with undissolved Jello powder at the bottom. The person who came in after our family and obviously knew the owners- got in for free and got all kinds of special attention from the employees. We just stood there dumbfounded. It is obvious by reading the reviews that anything positive was planted there by someone associated with the farm. Fake phony untrue self promotion. These people would be ashamed of themselves except they have no shame.
1	Update: 6/26/2013Three weeks ago I privately offered Casey the opportunity to address the issues I included in my original review below.  I offered to publicly apologize for the original review posted below if he could disprove the assertions about the lies he has been telling for years.  It turns out that he did sort things out, but he couldn't prove he's the owner of the dairy or any cows, or part of the UDA - because none of those things are true.  He tells a really incredible sob story about how the "universe" has aligned itself against him throughout his life to prevent him from being the dairy farmer he wants to be.  I say get over yourself, we all have trials and tribulations we deal with in life.  We've all suffered loss, and none of that justifies taking advantage of others buy lying.  I'm not some ranting lunatic, decide for yourself...you can listen to the whole story (including the crocodile tears) here:  http://goodfoodfinder.com/episode-5-will-work-for-good-food-podcast-casey-stechnij-of-superstition-farm/We suspect he recorded this in an effort to give the appearance of coming clean.  Sadly it's way too little, WAY to late for us.  He should have told us the truth from the beginning, way back when he started Udder Delights.  But instead, Casey has bilked us (and the community) out of way too much time and money because he had us believing that he actually owned the dairy farm and cattle and made his ice cream and other dairy products from his own milk.  Please don't support this market (or Udder Delights).  Every time you do, you reaffirm that's it's OK for him to lie to you about his business as a way to get your money.  ******Original Post Below******This farm is promoted as a working dairy farm.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  According to public records, the Stechnij family sold off all of their dairy cattle years ago.  They are now the proud owners of a few houses and a few barns.  They have no dairy cattle of their own, they produce no milk of their own, they aren't even members of the United Dairymen of Arizona any longer.Do I begrudge them the success that allowed them to sell the business? Absolutely not.  What I find extremely distasteful is their continued efforts to portray themselves as something that they aren't.  That's dishonest in my opinion and makes them untrustworthy as business people.They are now a petting zoo, a small boutique (the call it a Mootique - how clever), and an ancillary outlet for their downtown Gilbert brick and mortar - Udder Delights.  (Mediocre ice cream on a great day.)I say shame on them for pretending be something that they aren't.  If you want to bring the kids for a small petting zoo, this is a great place to feed some sheep, goats and even a donkey, but don't pay for the tour of the "farm".  Once you've walked around the small pens of a few animals you've seen it all.And don't waste your money on the milk bar.  A cup of milk with some Jello powder in it is not worth it!  It's a disgusting attempt to offer something that is shamelessly self promoting.Casey may be one hell of a promoter, but I highly doubt he's all about Real Food for Real People... he's much more ALL ABOUT HIMSELF.  Today I found out they are trying to get an Indiegogo campaign funded - and that was the last straw!  Keep your best ice cream award Casey, there are lots of other honest, reputable small batch crafters out there who's products may not be as good, but at least they are ethical in their representation of themselves and the business.
4	The employees were all great and helpful. Prices from most vendors were reasonable. There were a few things that were pricey, but that just means I didn't buy it. The actual staff (and not the vendors) didn't see to mind that I asked so many questions since it was my first time visiting. Their system for buying things was very efficient, especially if you use a card. I loved the sales some of the vendors had going on! I only had a few gripes. Their burgers from their truck were $8, not saying it was not delicious or anything, but I wish it was priced a little lower so I could order other food. I ended up sharing it with my friend that I took with so we didn't have to spend almost $20 on two burgers. I also bought some ice cream out of the freezer. I had a hard time choosing which one because of the flavor options, and because some of it looked freezer burned. The one that I picked was the "Superstition Farm," which the employee said was the best one. It tasted like it had thawed and been refrozen a few times. Other than that, I can't say I had any issues that stand out.I will be back again. :)
3	I'm always looking for fun things to do with the chillens & I came across the Thursday night farmers market. It's a nice little set up. Everything's a bit over priced but its the "farm fresh" experience your paying for. Everything we bought was delicious & while the kids were playing I indulged my taste buds with a little Buzznbeez. Their food truck was out here so I had their delicious fish & chips. Besides being pricey the kids loved it & it made for a great evening out.
5	Made the (long) drive out to the farm for their Thursday Market [4:30pm-7:30pm]It was definitely worth it! My two year old loved seeing all of the cows, the donkey, sheep (baby ones too), chickens etc. Even more he loved seeing the different tractors parked around the farm. Little boys and their tractors. Next week they are doing 'Cantaloupe Bowling' for the kiddos!For me, I really enjoyed the market. I only shopped for vegetables but I met a really nice man named Steve. Pretty sure he is running the show. Everyone who works the farm is incredibly kind and welcoming. I got a TON of multi-colored carrots, beets, squash, unique tomatoes, organic peaches, organic apples, celery.... all for less than $30. All in all, the experience combined with the great local veggies will keep me coming back each week.
5	We brought our five-year-old son for a visit and were very impressed by the warm, welcoming staff.  We all had a great time playing with the farm dog, petting and holding animals at the petting zoo, drinking flavored milk, learning about the cows on a tractor ride, exploring the gardens, and enjoying some delicious ice cream.
5	SUPER DELICIOUS ALL!!  We have a family of 7 that was treated to a cheese tasting and mozzarella making experience like none other!  We were treated like VIP by everyone at the farm, and like part of their own family.  The cheese is freshly made by JoAnne, who was kind enough to share her passion and delicious artisanal cheese skills with all of my family.  They also sell fresh produce, veggie's, egg's, and have an awesome farmer's market on Thursday's that we are looking forward to.  OH, I almost forgot the little petting zoo and creamy old school ice cream.  We bought fresh mozzarella, fresh ricotta, feta, and cheddar cheese & HIGHLY RECOMMEND this welcoming farm to everyone! Thanks to EVERYONE at Superstition Farm for a great time!
2	I love farmers markets and was excited to check out this one, especially after reading all those great reviews, so since my husband had a day off we took a 45-minute drive there. I was looking forward to finding a market bustling with vendors, full of colorful fresh produce, you know - what you usually find at other markets; I was looking forward to trying their praised ice-cream... How disappointed I was when I didn't see any  produce, but just a few vendors offering cookies and other sweets. Then we walked into their cute little store where I bought raspberry sorbet and vanilla ice cream, my husband chose a pulled pork sandwich served with beans and a piece of pickle from their food stand outside. The raspberry sorbet didn't taste like raspberries at all - just sugar. I understand that it only had two ingredients - raspberries and sugar which is great, since other companies usually add some artificial or natural flavor and I always avoid those, BUT then they were supposed to use the freshest, ripest and most flavorful berries and not those they sell at "Costco" or most other stores - they don't even smell like raspberries. Vanilla ice cream was better, but still just OK. I make my own and it does taste much better, even though I use store-bought organic cream since I don't have a cow in my backyard. Forget homemade, any ice-cream we bought at "Sweet Republic" was waaaaaay better, and you can taste it first there and decide which flavor you want. Here, you can't taste it, so we spent $5 and I felt like it was wasted because I didn't really enjoy it. My husband's meal was not better either. He said that the beans were out of a can (beans with pork), he said they tasted exactly like the canned beans he used to eat (we don't eat stuff like that at home since I make everything from scratch). The pickle was inedible ("How can you mess up a pickle?", - he wondered, "Buy the wrong/cheap brand", - was my answer), he didn't eat it, the pork was OK, just OK - nothing outstanding or even delicious or tasty. And this "pleasure" was $7... I remember about a year ago he went with me to Old Town Scottsdale Farmers' Market and he bought a $7 hot dog/brat from "Brat haus" which apparently had a special promotion event there that day, and he did mention it was a little bit too much for a hot dog but he really enjoyed it and admitted that  it was worth it. So, if you know what good food tastes like, we wouldn't recommend it. Of course, there are people who find it delicious... it just wasn't us. On the positive note, the petting zoo is super cute and all those animals are adorable, including chickens running around. It's a great place for kids, just bring your own food! I was sad to see all those cows standing in the dirt  but I guess since we live in the desert I can't expect green pastures and happily grazing cows...anyway, they just looked sad to me. The place itself is very nice, especially if you want to get away from the city and spend some quality time with your family, just bring your own food! Nice garden, although I prefer Singh Farms in Scottsdale which I fell in love with the very first time my friend brought me there and always look forward to going there again and again, besides it's so much closer and is both a farmer's market (the real one!) and a garden/park. The place has a lot of potential and I would recommend to visit it, even if only once...  JUST BRING YOUR OWN FOOD!!!!!
5	I loved this place. They let me hold a chicken!!! There were soooo many animals!!! I was in heaven.  The fudge was amazing.  The people were super nice.  Can't wait to take my grandnieces next Thursday.
