1	I never give 1 star before. But this time... We wait here for over 30 minutes to get our hot pot. When we finally got it so disappointing. The hot pot is really really has no flavor, it tastes like nothing even we order a spicy flavor! So does the BBQ. And it wait so long! We just decided move to another restaurant.
1	Wait for long time. And the taste not worth the waiting at all. Price set high. I think I will not go back.
5	Loved this place and will be back again! So nice to have a new, different, choice in the neighborhood.  The staff was really nice and showed us how to order, add items in our hot pot, and made suggestions from the grill.  The grill items are like sushi or tapas in that they are small, economically priced, portions, and you can try a bunch.  We went nuts, had a beer, and still had a very reasonable check.  Our 8-yr old boy was with us too and they were great to him!
5	LOVE this place! The first place I can find in AZ has real Asian style BBQ Skewer. It's a small and cozy place. Good for date night and girls night to just enjoy the food since they open late till 12pm or 2am. We only try BBQ last night, and the taste is indeed perfectly delicious! Most of other BBQ place either make them too salty or sweet or sour, etc... Just doesn't taste right. But in here you don't have to worry about it at all.Staff are very polite and friendly. Give out good recommendation. A very nice dine-in experience.Will come back and try their Hot Pot or Bento next time.
4	Cool place to check it out..
5	I've been this place for dinner for a couple of times and I pretty like this place. Prices are pretty acceptable and foods are pretty delicious. In this restaurant,  Lamb kebab is absolutely my favorite from the menu and mini hot pot is my second best choice. I also usually order three orders of onigiri instead of steam rice if I am tired of steam rice. I am glad that I found this new opening Eastern Restaurant that pretty fit to my taste.
3	I can't speak for flavor as my companion opted to take us elsewhere. However I can say that this restaurant is immaculate and very eye pleasing. However, the decision to leave was prompted by some of the....non-traditional menu items that come to mind when thinking of Asian cuisine here stateside. This is an experience for the familiar and the bold who look to expand their gastronomic horizons. If you are looking for panda, don't turn right on Broadway. I will be back to eat and review again...alone.
4	Really excited that a hot pot restaurant is now nearby. Decided to give it a try and it was very satisfying! Cool ambiance, welcoming staff, great food! Must try the octopus appetizer! Ordered a hot pot and split it between two of us. Enough to share, even without the add-ons.Will come back! Oh and free ice cream with every hot pot?! Score! There are chef specials that we will come back to try!
4	Really solid. Despite the Takoyaki being just ok and a minor mixup on our order for garlic crab, everything was really good. Highly recommend the salt and pepper shrimp. Beef with scallions, and garlic crab. Everything was fresh and priced great. All the little grilled dishes are fresh and cheap. Fun to try different things. Will be back for hot pot and soju.
4	My buddy suggested this place.  He said that his friend came here a couple of weeks ago and really liked it, especially the fried octopus.  Well at lunch fried octopus is on the menu.  When you drive up the windows are so darkly tinted it looks closed, but that won't stop my friend and I and I am pretty happy we did.  The music is way to loud, to the point where we were almost yelling at each other to have a conversation.  Luckily no one else was I the restraunt. We ordered the spicy beef hot pot; then added quail eggs, slices of beef, slices of lamb, tofu, fried tofu, cabbage.  Each add-on cost extra, but our total bill was only $25.00.  I have only eaten hot pot at my parents house, so I have no clue if that is expensive or not.  It also came with a bowl of rice (my friend added one more bowl for $1).  Again this was unusual to me because I've never had rice with hot pot.  The flavors of everything was really good.  I hit pot had imitation krab meat and corn in the soup. This just seemed very different for me.  Though I do love my parent's hot pot, so I know that I am super biased. My friend ended up going there again the next night and said they have a different menu at night and it had the fried octopus, which he said was very good.  He felt the side dishes at night had more pieces of beef, six compared to the four slices we got at lunch.I think I might try this place again.  Maybe.
4	I was weary about going here, i consider myself a connoisseur of hot pot, and i read peoples comments on IG posts, and they were not that great.It reinforced my belief when i walked in and saw they had a sushi bar, a sushi bar at a Chinese hot pot place?  The decor was also Japanese which made me think it was a shabu shabu spot (which i do not like) but they had a Japanese BBQ grill which i wasn't mad at.I ordered the spciy beef hotpot and she ordered the lamb, the lamb was not full of flavor but what it did have was richness, if you love lamb you don't usually want it overbearingly spicy in a soup. well, we don't at least (we had the cumin lamb as an appetizer for that) My hotpot on the other hand, was bursting with flavor, so much i ordered an extra side of enoki mushrooms to go with it, the spice level was perfect for a date (they told me i could get more spicy if i want next time)and the best part was free ice cream at the end! we got the green tea, it wasn't that blah super sweet green tea you get from most sushi joints, it had a great base to it and finished off the meal perfectly.
5	Finally a hot pot restaurant that fill me up without emptying my wallet. Great environment for small group of people to try out their hot pot. Was told this is the place for great hot pot and bbq. Was very happy about the experience with this restaurants. The owner couple are very young, energized and friendly. Although the background music is a little loud, but I was focusing on the food too much. Don't go there after 7:00pm to mid-night over weekend unless you want to hang out with young Chinese crowd. They did offer different sauce for the hot pot, but you have to ask for it. My favorite is the the seafood hot pot.
3	I've seen posts about this place so my husband and I decided to try it out. We started off with the octopus ball, which was ok for me, it wasn't something I'd try again, but my husband said it was good. We wanted to order the salmon sashimi appetizer, but the waitress said it was a new item and wasn't sure if they had any. Bummer. My husband and I shared the Seafood Hot Pot and added sliced beef, quail eggs, and extra cabbage. The hot pot was good, but I wish they added more flavor to it. The waitress also gave us 3 pieces of their chicken meatball, which was DELICIOUS! I thought that was the best part of the meal!
5	I decided to come back here to try other dishes and I must say I was NOT disappointed. This time was better than the first time.This time I had the Spicy Beef hot pot, which I absolutely LOVE. I actually prefer this than the Seafood hot pot. It has more flavor and the spice level was on point. We also ordered the Lamb, Chicken, and Beef skewer, let's say with every bite you have a burst of delicious flavor in your mouth. I highly recommend it!
4	I was referred to this place by a friend and she said it was OK. So, I had to find out for myself. Two other friends and I went on Friday and I was surprised to hear that it was open until 2am.  The staff greeted us and were very friendly. We ordered two different types of hot pots. One was the seafood hot pot and the other one was the spicy beef. We also had side orders of lambs on a stick, beef on a stick, and also chicken. All the meats on a stick was really good, ver flavorful. If I had to choose a hot pot, the spicy beef one was really good. Overall, it was worth a try and doesn't break too much of your wallet. I'll be going there again soon.
5	I am actually a traveler. I wish I could stay here as long as possible. Or maybe they could open another store in Boston. Service is good. I like the girl a lot. And food is very well presented and prepared. Very fresh I can tell. I ordered seafood hotpot and my friend ordered spicy beef hotpot. I would strongly recommend seafood hotpot!!I will visit AZ again in a year maybe 2. I will definitely come by again.
4	This place is cute and cozy. Not a big restaurant but surely feels comfy. The food is surprisingly good. Especially the Takoyaki! Mmmm... I want some more :) Tried pork feet rice plate today and it was perfectly cooked, not too crunchy not too tender... I'm definitely coming back to try out some hot pot soon! Highly recommend.
4	Any time's a good time for hot pot, even when it's over 100 degrees outside! They offer combination hot pot meals, which are a great deal in that it includes a lot of veggies, noodles, and meat rather than at other places where you pay a la carte for your ingredients. They do have a la carte options though, for those that want a more customized experience.We shared a lamb hot pot and a seafood hot pot. There were a plethora of ingredients in both. The lamb broth was more light tasting and a little oily. I enjoyed the seafood broth as it had more flavor.The decor is a mix of contemporary and traditional, with traditional style Japanese wall murals and more modern styled tables and chairs. They've made good use of the small space they have.They also have sushi, and other Japanese foods, such as takoyaki. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and will definitely come here again!
2	Just moved from Chicago and was feeling both homesick and under the weather. Checked YELP and I came across this place. Hmm Hot Pot might just do the trick. I love Hot Pot, back in Chicago, I would drive to ChinaTown for Hot Pot all day.So I was very excited to try this place. I suggested this restaurant to my party and they agreed to try. It was about 30 minutes from where we were.When you walk in, it looks like a Japanese restaurant with Korean music playing and staffed with Chinese employees.We ordered three hot pots, Spicy Beef, Seafood and Lamb.Unfortunately they were nothing like the ones I was used to back in Chicago. Not their fault, I should have researched more.As much as I want to LOVE their hot pot, I just cannot. It just did not have enough flavors. They also did not have the "free" ice cream nor did they offer substitutes.The young lady that served us was very nice, however, she seemed to be lost. I believe she might need more training.It also took a very long time for the food to come out.There were six of us, when the bill came, they added the TIP for us since we had six people in our group.None of us are willing to go back.We do agree on one thing, both the server and the employees were nice.However, this restaurant is seriously lacking both service and food.More training for the server ????
4	Simple, awesome, cool staff. Gotta support delicious legit asian food spots w cool peeps. I eat here everytime im in town for work. Rice ball, just get it. Bacon asparagus, get it. Sake offering is legit Awesome throwback edm.  Best spot ive found in this area  for epic yakitori.
5	This place is great. The food is really quite good. It has something for everyone. For the not so adventurous eaters you can go with the yakitori or beef, and for the very adventurous there are lots of options. The hot pots are quite good. We split a spicy beef and got items off the BBQ menu. Our favorite was the cabbage, SO good. Also the beef, yakitori and jalepenos were awesome with a sweet delicious sauce. I definitely recommend trying this place out.
1	We tried two hot pots. Obviously, this place tries to copy "boiling point" but it is absolutely a failure. The seafood pot has no flavors. It is a long wait for the food to come and then for the pot to boil with such a small fire.Besides, it is too expensive for so little food. I will never go back.
5	Cool atmosphere and nice staff. The food is reasonably priced for what you get. My wife is Taiwanese and is quite happy with the quality of the food.The hot pot is above table (not an inside the table hot pot you get in Asia)  Really enjoyed the California rolls. Definitely would recommend this place for anyone looking for hot pot or a cool asian restaurant for date night.
1	Worst service ever!! Went here for a family dinner and waited more than 30 minutes for our food which didn't come all at once. We were told that rice came with our entrees, but the rice never came. After 10 more minutes, I asked about the rice, and they said they had to cook more. At this point everyone in the whole restaurant (small place) had been eating for 20 minutes with no new orders. It was apparent that they forgot to make more (hard to imagine in an asian restaurant). I did ask how this was possible and was told they gave it to the carryout order that just happened (we were here first). I have now been waiting for an hour as I decided to type this review for an awful dinner. The candle in our hot pot has already burned out while waiting! Unbelievable!!!
3	Homemade hotpot is better than their hotpot. Hotpot additional items are too pricy consider the amount they give you. Service is extremely slow due to the fact they usually have only one waitress actually working.
5	This brings me back memories of Boiling Point in SoCal, the taste is almost identical! The whole time I was eating I was telling my fiance how much I LOVED it.  The service is kind of slow as they are pretty understaffed but the food overshadows that.  We got the spicy beef pot, seafood pot, and kimchi potSpicy Beef-  Pretty spicy for my taste, doesn't come with enough beef but fiance loved it.Seafood pot- was my favorite comes with a lot of clams, shrimp, crab, and some pork. Kimchi pot- comes with kim chi of course, hot dogs (asian hot pot staple, weird I know), and pork.  I am usually a beef lover but their pork cooks better than their beef does.  The takoyaki is not worth ordering... now this appetizer is normally crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  This one was just soft... flavors were there but texture fell flat.  We will be back every week!
3	Great place for hot pot but the rest of the menu was somewhat lacking. The hot pot was good but the second time I went and ordered menu items the food didn't have much flavor and the proportions were small.
3	I am in need for a serious Shabu Shabu place but hot pot will have to do. Dan and I visited in an attempt to satisfy the Shabu craving and I have mixed feeling about this place. First, atmosphere is definitely fun. Not very big. Has kind of a ramen bar feel ( if you know asian food know what I mean ). The food though wasn't what I expected. It's more of a Chinese hotpot style place. We got the spicy beef hotpot and just by itself it's like 3 stars. I feel like it's authentic which is good! But personally for my taste I need more. Especially more meat. That being said, I didn't get any BBQ or add ons which I regret. I feel like adding the extra stuff would have pushed this place to a 4 star. Final verdict is I'll definitely be back but we ll order smarter and try more stuff. This place has potential :)Atmosphere 4/5 Food 3/5Price 3/5
2	I've had my fair share of hot pot before, hell I worked at a shabu shabu restaurant in the past so it's safe to say I have pretty high standards when it comes to hot pot. Though I do acknowledge the differences when it comes down to it.YZ's is a bit confusing, it has Taiwanese/Chinese style hotpot but sell Yakitori and show cases decor that is Japanese. I ordered the Spicy Beef Hot Pot with Ponzu sauce and a side of quail eggs.The hot pot broth was indeed spicy, came with 50% cabbage, enoki mushrooms, 3 slices of beef, imitation crab, clear noodles, tofu. The side order of quail eggs was a joke, there was only 3 and were oddly hard and rubbery in texture. Other than spicy, the broth was bland. The ponzu sauce was overly garlicky and was spicy due to it's rawness and didn't accent the flavors of the hot pot. To be honest, the items in the hot pot didn't taste fresh and my flame went out 5 minutes into eating.The service is spotty, had to waive down the waitresses a couple of times and didn't really recommend anything or mentioned what they served at YZ. For $12, I left unsatisfied and they had included an automatic gratuity which had caused some confusion. Since they had an optional addition of tip below that auto gratuity, I'd rather decide if I'd like to tip a certain percentage or not.Would skip on the hot pot here and probably order some skewers or other tapas instead.
3	Found this place on yelp so we decided to check it out. They were a bit understaffed but other than that we had a few favorites. I'll start with what I didn't like. The service was kinda.. Ehh. We had to raise our hands to get our server's attention the whole time we were there. They were also slow with clearing up our table. I ordered an Asahi that came warm; they didn't have chilled glasses as well.We ordered the octopus balls because they were deemed a "must-have" on yelp. I LOVE octopus but I DO NOT recommend this dish. It was soft and gooey, nothing close to what takoyaki should be. And it tasted horrible. I had the pork katsu bento and it was ok; pork was realy chewy though. The Taiwan sausage bento wasn't too good--the sausage was dry and cold like it was from the day before. And now my favorites. The Kimchee Fried Rice was absolutely fantastic. It had bacon in it too which makes it even better. A MUST HAVE is the garlic crab. It's heaven in your mouth! Although I have mixed feelings I'll come back to order the stuff I like.
2	Food was just ok. The eggplant I found really good. But when asking questions about the menu, the server didnt know how to help at all. She barely spoke english and was confused when asking if we could get beef instead of chicken with ramen. She then suggested beef noodles. It didnt have ramen though, we didnt know that. My friend didnt really like its texture that much. We ordered a soju alcoholic drink. It was good but when we ordered another one, the server came back 15 minutes later and said that the manager made the last drink, she didnt know how to make it and she wasnt sure if the manager was coming back. I did like the hot pot, i thought it was spicy and adding extra toppings werent expensiveWe ordreed a side of beef tongue which we were pretty sure it had a bad smell.Although I thought the hot pot was good, I probably will be very hesitant to come back because of all the other entrees and the restaurant's service.
1	Cute small place.  We had 8 of us thank goodness we had a reservation but the food took so long:  From appetizers to our actually meals. They forgot a lot.  Our drinks were also empty.  The servers are hit and miss:  1 server was helpful and 1 server was not happy to be there.  It was like we were bothering her.
3	Went here one night on a friend's hunger whim for hotpot. It feels more like a bar....a Japanese bar. They have BBQ grilling that they do right at the bar. We ordered a few kind of yakitori's, and from the taste of them, they ALL had the exact same seasoning powder that they sprinkle on. So they all tasted pretty much the same flavor except the protein that you chose. As for the actual hotpot, it was pretty good. The flavor of the broth was there, very yummy. Their "pots" are very shallow, i would about 2 inches deep meant for one person meal. And then the price goes up as you add extra ingredients such as lamb slices, egg noodles, glass noodles....and so on. This can get expensive really quick. Its a cool hangout actually, with K-pop on the TV's and a pretty cool decor!
1	I was soo damn excited to try this place, being really close by, and being raised on authentic Chinese/Hong Kong hot pot in LA and HI. I read all the reviews, got excited, and went. :( I hate to give low scores, but this is based off of my total experince. They get one less star because of lack of correct business information posted here as far as business hours, and BBQ hours. They also seriously need a website. This is an aweful business practice, and they could be making some serious improvements. Businesses need to be on top of these basic and fundamental things!! Wth?Well, fist off, on yelp, it says they are open at 11am. Nope. When I arrived excitedly, sign says 5-2am. Ok. No prob. Ill come back!Next day I go back, yayyy! Upon entering, I am bombarded by loud and obnoxious techno that keeps reapeating itself. Other than that, the decor was cute, and as everyone described here. The techno music put me on edge lol. I could not relax to enjoy my experience. With a few tables filled, did the music need to be so loud?On to the menu and service...We had originally come to try this famous rice ball everyones been talking about, and possibly get some little vegetarian BBQ sides, similar to yakitori. When I mentioned the word "yakitori", the waitress dressed in Japanese garb was like "what u say?"... ok right, this is Chinese owned Chinese/Hong Kong restaurant... she was nice. She priceeds to tell me that the BBQ menu is only avail Thurs - Sat. What!? You guys seriously need to update your yelp info!! I already missed eating here once cause your hours are posted wrong, and now I sat there unable to try what I came here for?! :(In my observation service was not very efficient or quick. Service was slow as I observed in general. It was not busy, so I couldint understand why our server was not more attendant.We had ordered a sake bomb to share, and no second cup was brought out... had to ask.The food itself was great. I always order vegetarian things, so I was happy there were an item here and there was. I had a terrific eggplant dish that itself deserves 5 stars. We also shared the tomato vegetarian hot pot. Lighter in flavor than others I've had in my life, it was still yummy. It said there was supposed to be lotus root in there. When I told my server there was none, she was like "oh really? Sorry." Nothing to correct the situation. We shared it. Its made for one. And it comes with a choice of two dipping sauces... they sucked. See in LA, you get all these sauces at the table for FREE and they are authentic and damn good. I could tell they Americanized the dipping sauces here. :(Over all, slightly dissaponted. And just wish AZ had a really bomb and authentic hot pot experience. Hong Kong hot pot that im used to feeds four cause the pots so damn huge, and its like $15-$20. For one pot here its $10 +. :(We were finished with our meal for a good 10 min, and began to gather our things before she noticed to give us our check. Where did our free ice cream go that everyone was raving about? We did not get any. :(I see where everyones been confused about this place. Its Japanese decored, but Hong Kong style food. Maybe they should consider changing the theme to stop the confusion lol.I will give it a try again, just to get my asian food fix nearby. But I hope for better dining experiences.
