5	Sushi Dan is a gem out of Los Angeles that is serving up not only some of the freshest fish, but some of the most creative sushi rolls you've ever encountered...each artfully prepared and plated. The real killer deal here is lunch. For $8.95-12.95 you get:- 5 pieces of luscious fresh albacore, tuna, seared tuna, salmon and more. - warm, comfy miso soup- ice cream!The $12.95 lunch is the only one I've tried. You can have your choice of virtually any full sized roll, even those not on the menu.You won't find a more screaming deal on sush that is this cheap, this fresh or this good anywhere else in Las Vegas!So, go give Sushi Dan some love!
5	Best lunch bargain in town! Sushi Dan's serves up the freshest fish, creative, tasty rolls...and get this...their lunch specials go from $9.95 to $12.95 and include 5 pieces of tasty fish (and they will happily substitute if there is anything in the 5 that you dont' like) and the roll of your choice. The rolls are GIGANTIC, full portions of anything you love -- rainbow roll, spider roll, you name it...you can get it even if it isn't on the menu.$12.95! I still can't believe it.Nice decor and ambiance makes this a must go lunch for the sushi lover. I haven't been for dinner yet, but I'd think it's still great. This is some of the freshest, tastiest fish in town.
4	Was finally able to try this new sushi joint tonight with a friend and really enjoyed it.  We had three rolls, two off the menu and one a "chef's special."  All three rolls were tasty, and I appreciate their use of soypaper and cucumber rather than an excess of rice.  We also shared a sake and had miso soups, and our bill came out to just under $50.  We had a lot to catch up on and sat at our booth for over two hours, and never felt like we were holding up the staff.  They refilled our waters continuously, which I always appreciate when I'm at a restaurant past the point of ordering additional food items.  I will 100% be back.
2	I think the rolls are overpriced. The sashimi platter is the best deal there. The bar is incomplete. No Tanqueray. Who doesn't have Tanqueray? ESPECIALLY in the summer. Some nights they have Dray and the Heavie Heads spin electro-rock-reggae-hip-hop in the open area in the back. I think I've been there on some of the busy nights ... and its not that busy. Decor is nice. But again. I don't eat decor. p.s. What's the deal with all of the sushi joints on Sahara? * off the strip, non-casino
2	Love the atmosphere. Very  cute seating arrangements .Need to work on quality of food. The fish just didnt seem so fresh.
3	I went here for the first time with a few coworkers for lunch last week. The prices on lunch were actually really decent. The portions were equally as satisfying. What it lacked was flavor. One person in our group ordered one of the $17 (which the price isn't listed) lobster specialty rolls. We all tried it and agreed, it could have been fake crab and tasted better. I am by no means a sushi snob, but this placed really disappointed me. I would rather pay more at one of the many other sushi places that flank this area on Sahara.
3	Food is americanized they have a  great selection of food. Place is quiet great  place to have conversation.
4	Wow, I am surprised at the negative comments on here for Sushi Dan. I eat sushi several times a week at a variety of places and I must say that I have not had the same experiance at Sushi Dan's. I went there the first time with my parents and have been back several times because I really enjoy the food (great rolls), atmosphere and staff. I think it is reasonably priced and very fresh. I would be completely turned off and would surely complain if I had even the slightest hint that FISH was OFF!!!! Like I say I just have not had this experience and have found it very enjoyable.
3	"SUSHI ROOKIE"My first sushi experience... Came here with my Chinese fiance. She ordered for us. I was skeptical about what I would be eating here. However, I found the sushi rolls to be delicious! We were here last year sometime, so most details of what we ate I cannot describe very well. I do recall the presentation of the sushi was good. The sushi was fresh--my fiance (my sushi expert) agreed.I like the decor of Sushi Dan. The music was not our style, but was ok. Obviously, since this place is called "rockin' sushi, the music is a bit loud. So, I am not complaining. The large T.V. above the bar was playing some type of "ultimate" fighting...
4	This a very good place to eat. Everything I have had here has been very, very good. My only scrim-is with Sushi Dan is that it isn't budget friendly, and in a town like Las Vegas, where all-you-can-eat sushi places are everywhere (and some are surprisingly excellent), they should probably offer all-you-can-eat at certain times of day.
