3	A basic asian market in a really shady neighborhood in town.  Kinda hard to find too.  If you are looking for something akin to Seattle's Uwajimaya or San Fran's Chinatown fare, I think you'll be disappointed by its limitedness.
4	The biggest Korean market at the moment until the new place on Spring Mt. and Rainbow opens up.  The selection isn't that great, but the food's fresh.  They can also help prepare food here for a price this includes large orders if you ever need to have lots of Korean food prepared for a party.  The prices are decent.  There are certain days you must go on if you want the newest already prepared side dishes since they are made on that day.  People are usually friendly.   The location as Brenna said is shady, but if you need a place to satisfy your Korean/Asian needs then this is probably the best place to go.
4	The staff here have been pleasant and the selection isn't bad, limited mainly to Korean goods with a few Japanese products as well [natto, umeboshi & miso]. After a couple of minor problems during check out one day they gave me a free package of a brown rice tea, which I thought was a sweet touch. Since I'm not familiar with a lot of Korean foods, there are a lot of things that I haven't tried or don't know what to do with yet, but they have a lot of Japanese foods that I use often and with a decent selection. Ponzu, mirin, a moderately large selection of natto [compared to other stores around town], mandoo/gyoza/potstickers, large selection of seaweeds in small and bulk, noodles, Soju...plus they have a large area with produce [not always the freshest looking], pre-made side dishes, kimchee/kimchi, another section with beauty and hygienic products, cooking supplies,  and a fresh eat-in or take-out kitchen. I've yet to try it but it looks promising. Sometimes the owners will be there. Last time I went they were and their children were running happily through the store. Not sometime I particularly mind, but could hold the potential to be annoying.
3	For a neighborhood market, I think this place is decent. Somewhere to go on your way home from work on school, that isn't a major detour or large shopping trip.This place has your essential Korean (and other Asian) goodies. They have household items, nonperishables, frozen, and fresh. They do not have a fresh butchery, but do sell frozen meat at affordable prices. They also have a small fridge of banchan, though the last time I went I thought the selection of banchan was not as good as before.
5	There ain't nothing wrong with this place? What can't you like about a place like this? Back in 2010 I came here and found that Chinese variation of kimchi that Greenland refuses to stock. To me, Chinese kimchi is far superior to traditional Korean Kimchi, and Japanese Kim-uchi. Chinese Kimchi is very crispy and they use a totally different style of cabbage. Ethnically Chinese-Korean food is way better tasting cuisine than true Korean or Japanese-Korean food(aka-Yakiniku). The people in back who prepare all the premade foods put a lot of attention into detail. I really love how fresh and perfectly seasoned the fermented food tastes.  Greenland might be BIG and some of you weirdos might think that shopping there makes you look "cool", but at least this place does all the kimchi variations better.
5	Is this place called A-MART or Asian Market? The sign says A-MART, the receipt says A-MART, but the labels on the prepackaged food says Asian Market.I rather shop here over Greenland for a lot of different reasons. Greenland does have the food court, and a butcher, but the A-MART has much better prices.The bulgogi here tastes way better than Greenland's. But, it is frozen unlike at Greenland where they make it fresh. Personally, I don't care. Korean BBQ beef isn't a type of steak where you have to appreciate the taste of the meat(like a rare piece of Filet Mignon), so I don't care if it's frozen of not. It literally all tastes the same. BTW, a lot of yelpers are far too "bandwagon-ish" and will give good ratings to a place that sucks because all the popular Elites are doing it. For example, in San Diego there is a place called Zion Market that is extremely popular amongst the yelp community down there. The bulgogi over there is very stringy, tough, and hard to chew, yet 90% of the yelp reviews(even by Korean yelpers) will give it 4-5 Stars and say it's the best meat ever. What I am trying to say is that just because A-MART isn't "popular" like Greenland, doesn't mean it's bad. In my opinion, it's actually much better. A-MART is unique because they actually use a German Bakery to bake and deliver their Korean cream breads. That's pretty cool knowing that some German dude who has the Korean recipe book at his bakery is making better tasting Korean bread than the guy who does it at Greenland. Like I said in my previous review, A-MART does seasonally have the Chinese variation of kimchi. But, it's rare.Nothing is written in English here. This place is designed exclusively for Korean people. The thing that weirds me out about most the Korean people here in Las Vegas is that they have zero English. In California, it was rare to find a Korean American who couldn't speak fluent English. Here in LV, most can't speak one word. This shows you how much of a joke those "Teach English In Korea" programs are. (Here comes one of my rants) We all know certain people who during college signed up for the "Teach English in Asia" program. You don't need any special skill to get this job, you don't even have to be able to speak the language of the Asian country they are sending you to. As long as you are White or Black, they send you to Asia because Asian people in Asia have a stereotype that "TRUE AMERICANS" are either White or Black and that Asian-Americans and Latinos cannot obtain "TRUE AMERICAN" status even if we were born in the USA. These programs are a joke. People who usually sign up for these programs are usually flunking college, in practical joke majors(communications, psych(I was a psych major), sociology) and really culturally ignorant(watch this video starting at 10:30 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUMoHv4Ac-8 ).  These Asian education companies pay for these rejects to fly to Asia, they pay for their lodging and food, all living expenses, and they give them 30K a year on top of that. And they don't do sh!t! All they do is sit down in a class room and interact with Asian high school kids. I mean gimme a break...these guys get paid 30K to stand in front of a class while flapping their hands and talking about "Lady Gaga" or "Glee" or some other popular American media icon. And look at the mess it's caused! The Korean and Japanese governments have spent millions on these programs and no one in Korea or JPN can speak a word of English anymore. Before these programs existed, people in Korea were actually able to speak English, but now they can't. These "Teach English in Korea" programs actually made Koreans dumber. That's what happens when you send these American degenerate college kids to Asia, it spreads like a virus. Hey Korea and Japan, Whose fault is that? BTW, You gotta ask the Latino worker here questions. He is the only guy who speaks English.The prices here are much much lower than Greenland. At Greenland, only one batch of Green Onions is $1.00. While here at A-Market, it's 5 batches for 1 dollar. The pots and pans are also half the price of Greenland. You will find some really awesome deals here!They actually sell Japanese Kewpie Mayonnaise here. This is the first place in LV I've seen this at. Customer Service is good. Remember that in East-Asian culture, if a person can't speak English well, many times they don't attempt at all. Many people interpret this as disrespect but it's not.Great location btw....A-MART is located near a church which is next to a transsexual club, across the center from "Green Door" and an overrated Thai restaurant which I believe is named "Locusts of Satan". My favorite shopping center in the world!!! YEAHHH!
4	I never knew about this place!  It is labeled "A Mart" outside in case you are confused when you get here.  We walked across the parking lot from Ma Dang to check it out.  Jun A. told me this used to be the biggest Korean market before Greenland opened.  I was amazed at its size - it is a lot bigger than Japan Creek Market so I was gushing, "I could spend all day in here!" when Eric R. said, "But it is small!" - I guess perception is relative!Jun A. took us here to try his favorite Korean soda, which ended up being a sparkling mineral water that was sweetened with plum honey and tasted like a mild sprite but with a bubblegum flavor to me.  Eric R. liked it.  While we ran around the aisles quickly I walked by the frozen section and saw CITRON popsicles.  I curiously looked at the ingredients to see if it was in fact yuzu as there are many fruits that call themselves CITRON but it just said CITRON.  Jun A. looked at the package and said that YUZU was in Korean on the package, so I grabbed a box and bought it.  YU never  know when YU will come across YUZU!I want to come back and scour the many interesting drinks, produce, sauces, and meats here!
4	I love this place, thanks yelpers! All the Korean food staples are here. I have to say the quality of the ingredients are identical to Greenland.   But A marts prices on meats are WAY better. Dont shy always from the frozen prepared meats, they are worth the price. The staff is friendly but quiet.  They have ricecakes earlier in the day, but run out by mid afternoon.  Will be coming here again and again.
4	If you are using your debit card (I hardly carry cash), the minimum purchase amount is $10.00, so that's how I got stuck buying a package of 4 pound noodles (!!!). I just went here for wonton wrappers because Sprouts doesn't carry them (and I really needed them to make dinner for the hubby).I'd been here before, but about a decade ago, so it'd been a while. I didn't know my way around, so I had to just had to browse. Some aisles/places are marked with signs, most others aren't. Frozen goods (wonton wrappers, eggroll wrappers) /refrigerated (eggs, drinks) section is to the right side of the store. Back of the store is produce. It's two parts a grocery store with Asian products, with an emphasis on Korean goods (most of the store), one part other goods/market merchandise (left front side), one part restaurant (in front). And like many ethnic stores, it does smell (not fishy though). It's clean though, and I didn't see any flies. I didn't notice any weird storage practices either.As I said, I got a package of wonton wrappers, seasoned soybeans, two cans of a Hawaiian drink, a huge package of noodles, for a little over $10.00.There were some of my peeps in here shopping too, so it was a mixed crowd minus white customers. The cashier was nice, and spoke English.  Checkout was fast as there were only a handful of other people paying for their stuff.It's convenient, in the neighborhood, and I can set some seasoned soybeans (I love Korean side dishes) whenever I want. I'll probably be back again.
5	Sometimes, it can be a journey to trek your way to China Town to get your asian staples and groceries. A Mart will save you a trip for its convenience of being closer to town.Relocated in their newest facility, it's larger and hosts many great products that are not usually available.The people there are friendly and the stores cleanliness is perfect!Definitely make your way down one day and browse-like myself, I'm guaranteeing you'll want to grab a basket for the useful random items you will buy.
