4	I really enjoyed this show. The show was a original concept for Vegas and very interesting. The production was great and Meatloaf is still a fantastic entertainer.
4	I went to see Meat Loaf tonight and I liked the show a lot.  He did a wide range of his songs and he did the one I was hoping he would perform--Paradise By the Dashboard Lights.I really didn't know who Meat Loaf was until I had to chaperone dances as high school principal.  Almost every dance, the girls, especially, would request the DJ play Paradise.  The girls sang the lyrics..."Will you love me..." and the boys would respond with "...let me think on it..."  That's when I knew who Meat Loaf was.  My musical tastes had diverged from rock after graduate school and the beginning of working for a living.  "Paradise" was well done tonight and I brought back so many good memories.I was surprised to know that Meat Load did the music for Rocky Horror Picture Show.  Seriously, folks, I have not lived under a rock for the last 30 years or so.  It's just that I knew the name and didn't associate his name with some of the music.Near the end of the show, they have some large artificial penises from which they shoot T-shirts.  I caught one tonight.  The little lady next to me thought she was going to get.  Afraid not, sweetheart.  I hope your black and blue goes away soon!   The shirt says "I Saw Meat Loaf in Las Vegas."  Now I'm glad I went.  Wait, I live here!This is a show I could easily see again.  It's very enjoyable and Meat Loaf really puts all his energy into a good 2 hour performance.  There was one complaint I had about the show.  He proved his Indian name was correct!  Now you have to go see the show to know what I mean!
5	The Jacksons recently took over this showroom at Planet Hollywood. Who knew....or remembered the depth of talent this family has. The show was amazing, entertaining and tight. The Jackson's matriarch was there to support her boys and they done her proud. I have to admit these were comp tickets and I wouldn't have gone if they weren't free but boy would I have missed a great show. Sadly, they aren't selling tickets so they are closing on Sunday.....3 weeks early. Try to catch them this weekend before they are out of here. You will be dancin' in your seat! Thanks for the memories!
5	WOW! I am so sad they are leaving!  THE JACKSONS WERE OUTSTANDING! I couldn't get enough of Marlin! They sounded great, looked great, and put on a show! I had a hard time staying in my seat, and what a treat that night, The whole family minus Randy and Janet were there, Santana was there, oh yeah Cris Angel was there. So glad I went to the show!
4	We attended this show starring Meat Loaf recently.  Meat has a history of vocal problems, but he was in good voice this evening until the closing number when he became a little hoarse.  The show is very entertaining with excellent background graphics, dancers and musicians.  He does an very good job during the question and answer period.  Most of his biggest hits were covered which was the highlight for me.  I would not recommend this show for children due to the language he uses and the artificial penis used to catapult T-shirts into the audience.
5	Go meat loaf!!!! One of the most fun shows I've been to in Vegas... And I live here!! Enjoyed his humor/comedy as much as his songs/performance! Rocked on for a solid 2 hours with no intermission. 66 years old & still going strong. His voice gave out a little here and there, but that didn't matter because his showmanship made up for it & so did his awesome backup singers/band.. Lots of audience interaction & is in a very intimate setting. Loved it!! Exceeded my expectations.
5	Overall loved both meat loaf and the Jackson's show here.  Great showroom and good production. Both shows were great performances by the artists.  Good service and value for coctails.
1	Well, someboday has to say it on Yelp, so let it be me. I've seen reviews of the Meat Loaf show on other sites and at least they are honest.I wanted to love the show, but the guy has no voice left. It's not even a question of hitting the high notes--he's all over the place--no tune at all. I was embarrassed for him.Some of the stories he told were interesting--some of the skits were corny-but hey, it's Vegas, I'm cool with that. But the singing, wow, so bad. I felt sorry for the background singers (excellent BTW) and band (also excellent) that had to try to harmonize and make him sound decent. Kudos to the engineer, but Meat Loaf's singing was...well I just felt sad really. It was kind of pathetic.SOMEONE please be honest with him and let him retire and spend time with his family. I had comped seats for the show, but if I had paid I'd be demanding my money back.So sad.
3	Saw meat loaf here. The show was entertaining but meat loaf can't sing as well as he used to. The drinks are a little pricy but normal for the strip. The staff was really strict about no cell phone usage whatsoever.
2	I went to see meat loaf like a week ago.  Overall I was entertained (mostly due to the drink person behind me who kept yelling out insane things).   Meat loaf might possibly have the worst voice I have ever heard in my life.  He sounded so bad.   Time to retire for sure.  The band was good and the background singers were solid as well.   He did a bunch of comedy and told stories that we mediocre at best.  I got these tickets for free and still questioned if it was worth the time or not. He has a bunch of good songs but he truly does butcher them.   Ouch.
4	We went last night with low expectations and were wowed.  A lot of reviewers commented on his voice, no, I don't think it is as good as it used to be but Meat Loaf put his all into the over 2 hour show.  I expected more of a bland concert visually and was thrilled to see all his added treats!  Yes, tap dancers!  i agree both the background singers and band were amazing.
1	Went to see Meat Loaf a few days ago.  To say that it was terrible would be an insult to truly terrible shows.  It was stunningly bad.  Uncomfortable to watch.  Painful to listen.In fairness, Meat Loaf has always been over the top and goes all-in on every song he sings and everything he does.  You know that going in.  It's either going to be an epic success or a train wreck.  There is no middle ground with Mr. Loaf.  This particular evening was a train wreck.  Not the normal kind where the train derails and a couple cars flip over.  This was the kind where someone falls asleep at the switch and six trains collide, with 250 cars in a mangled pile of wreckage.  In the rain.As others have acknowledged, the band and the backup singers were quite good.  The venue is fine.  Had Meat Loaf's vocals not sounded like a bag of cats, it would have been a great evening.
4	I liked Meat Loaf and am a big fan. My only gripe was that he is getting a bit too old to be performing but everything else was great and I thought for his age his sure did do a good job.
4	I went to see Meat Loaf last week. I find the variety of the other reviews interesting. I don't disagree at all with Diane B, for example, that Meat really can't sing. Last time I saw him live, in 2007, he couldn't sing either. I don't think that really takes away from the show though, because the background singers are great (and really seem to take over in most of the songs so the music sounds good). He plays old favorites, other than maybe wanting to hear Two Outta Three Ain't Bad, I think I heard everything I really wanted to, without many obscure songs. I liked the variety in the show, although certain things probably lasted a bit long.Keep in mind that this is a 2nd tier Vegas show to begin with. The graphics looked like they were done up on some computer program from the '90s. But who cares, the music is good, and most of all Meat still has that stage presence and is fun to listen to talk. I had a blast!
3	For crying out loud, Meat Loaf, you know I love you. Seeing Meat loaf in concert has long been on my wish list. This was my chance. It is more like an evening with Meat Loaf and not really a concert, which is OK. He is not a young loaf anymore. He sang most of his big hits including a few off of Bat out of Hell and his tune from Rocky Horror. I wish he would have sang 2 out of 3 Aint Bad or For Crying out Loud, but he can't do them all. Meat Loaf if you are reading this... I understand you don't have the energy to sing and rock like you used to, so keep the stories behind the music, but dump the opening skit. Now look and me and read it and weep.
