4	If you have not visited in a while- what a wonderful change. The store is staged every week, the staff  are polite ,friendly , and work very hard to keep everything organized.  Tuesday Morning is great for luxury sheets and bath items, housewares,baskets and now this store has some gorgeous purses, higher end. Of the stores in the Southeast Valley this one is way ahead of the others.
2	Stopped in to this Tuesday Morning store this morning for the specific purpose of buying some birthday dinner napkins. What a HUGELY disappointing selection. Most of their napkins are luncheon size, i.e. small. I absolutely didn't find what I was looking for. This store used to have a really good selection of paper goods. Alas, no more. If you're looking for pretty paper goods, this is no longer the place to find them. P.S. Due to a reorganization of the store, the aisles are incredibly narrow. Sadly, it is no longer a fun place to shop ... huge amount of wasted space in the front of the store.
1	The merchandise in this store is usually similar or  the same as Ross, TJ Maxx or Marshalls but it's 20%  more! The customer service is non existent.  I feel lucky if I can get a store employee to say hello. I just came from the store. Woman at the counter didn't say anything when I walked in, Asian guy also working, he walked by me probably 5 times and never said a word.  I was going to buy a wool wrap but when he took the sensor off it he pulled the fabric and made a big hole, he wasn't even going to say anything he just folded it over good thing I saw it! He finished ringing me up and asked me if I wanted a bag for my purchase? Really?f What a novel concept?  Didn't say thank you, good bye just mumble and grunted a few unrecognizable words?  Next time going to drive the 4 miles to TJ Maxx when I'm in the mood to spend money on something I don't need$$$$$$$$$
4	Wow, this place is nice.  Very well lit and airy, lots of windows.  Much nicer than their other locations.  Possibly a classier mix of merchandise too, especially the luggage and bags.
