2	I was very excited about this restaurant opening in South Charlotte and done by local restaurant owners. It is billed as farm to table with local, fresh ingredients.The interior of the restaurant is cozy and quite lovely with fireplaces and stone.  It's located in South Park.  To be fair, we came on the first Friday they opened. Our server took forever to get us our wine and she didn't know at all what she was doing.  She struggled opening the bottle, and then she poured a rather pricey red way over volume in the first pour.  She had to be prompted to stop pouring -  to the point that we did not get 4 glasses out of the bottle because she poured so much in the first glass.  In terms of wine, they ran out of the first bottle we ordered so we switched our choice only to be told they were out of it.  They were also out of the next bottle we picked.  So, the owner came with a recommendation.  When I asked if it was a similar price point as my previous selection, I was told "of course, we aren't THAT restaurant".  However, when he checked the wine, it was not the correct price point.  He did the right thing by us and discounted it a bit.We ordered oysters as an appetizer and they were amazing.  Especially the gulf coast ones.  However, I asked for tabasco for them and was told they didn't have any.  Later, the waitress brought green tabasco but that's absolutely not the same. I ordered the arugula and walnut salad and it was perfectly prepared and tasty.The entrees were a problem.  They were out of my first fish selection so I selected a fish on the menu but requested that they prepare it with an alternate to the fingerling potatoes.  I asked for more beets, a sweet potato instead - basically anything other than the potatoes.  The waitress told me they couldn't do that.  That made no sense to me since the menu had a listing of local farms they are patrons of.  Anyway, I decided on the shrimp and grits.  That was a really bad decision as the shrimp was overcooked, the grits were overcooked to a point of sticking together in a giant clump and the sauce was bland. I ate the shrimp (I was starving) and left the rest.  The owner asked me what I thought of the food and I politely told him it was "ok".  That once again, he needed to have tabasco or some seasoning available (this was a white wine based sauce and didn't have sausage).  He didn't seem interested in my feedback.  On the positive note, my husband had the grouper and thought it was outstanding. The owner returned with a piece of cheesecake that is his mother's recipe which my husband gobbled down quickly. However, he did not apologize for the experience, thank me for feedback or invite me to return.  I might consider returning but there are better choices in South Park.
4	So far so good...I am a fan of Dressler's, so when I heard there a new restaurant opening under the same owners, I couldn't wait to try it out. The chicken carbonara was really good - very creamy. I'll be back!!
5	Love, love, love this place.  It's rare that a restaurant that has been open for such a short time can be this good.We arrived early for our 6pm reservation on a Saturday night and we were able to sit in the bar right near the cozy fireplace.  Our waitress, Monique, came over right away with the IPad with the drink menu.  She gave us great suggestions and we ordered a Dark and Stormy and a Blackberry Collins.   My husband said the Dark and Stormy was the best he ever had.  We also ordered the Chips and Dip while we looked over the menu.  They came out quickly and were amazing!  So addictive. We then ordered the Dogwood Oysters, Fontina Cheese, Ceviche, Littleneck clams and the Grouper.  They all came out a bit staggered which was great and they all tasted amazing.  Each one was perfectly cooked and were so delicious.  The manager came over and was very friendly and down to earth.  You can tell that they put a lot of work and heart into this place.  I can't say enough about our waitress, Monique.  She rocked.  I am counting down the days until we can go back.
3	Uggggh, I really wanted to like Dogwood since I love Dressler's, but maybe it was just an off night for them? Or me?We arrived on a Saturday evening for our 6:30 reservation and were greeted by four people at the hostess stand - a little bit overwhelming. We were promptly seated at a two-top next to the huge windows that overlook the outdoor seating and main road. Although the fella liked the atmosphere, I felt like they'd slapped a few stone columns and wood beams on a brand new, shiny, apartment building restaurant, and it felt too sterile or something. Our waiter was nice but way too sales-y for me. "Have you been here before? No? Because a ton of people have already been here three or four times since we opened because it's SO good." Ok, guy. He also gave us the whole history of how the wood beams were reclaimed from... I have no idea because I zoned out on the 5 minute spiel.We started with the shrimp appetizer ($12). The shrimp were fine, but the bread they came with was pretty delicious, as was the salty, garlicky, buttery sauce it was all in. For dinner, I got the scallops ($28 - recommended by sales-y waiter), and the fella got the grouper ($30 - also recommended). The fella said his grouper was pretty spectacular. I got four scallops - I gave one to the fella, and he asked if they were blackened. Nope, that one was just burnt on the bottom. The second one was good. The third one was so bitter I couldn't eat it. The fourth one was mildly bitter. The fella wondered if they all came from different batches; how could four scallops be so different? Thankfully, we got the sweet potato side, and I ate all of it because I was starving from not eating my scallops.We also got a bottle of water and had to tell four different waiters not to fill up our glasses with regular water, even though the bottle was sitting right on the table. I know, I know... first world problems.After dinner, we moved to the bar for an after dinner drink, but it was super loud, and there wasn't anywhere to stand, much less sit, so we left.Maybe my expectations were too high or maybe I was just cranky, but I was wholly unimpressed - and hangry - by the time we left.
5	So happy we decided to choose Dogwood to finish our day after our Christmas shopping! Wonderful experience. Great mixologist prepared our cocktails perfectly. Our waiter, Rob, was very informative, helpful and very attentive, yet allowed us to dine without interruption. His knowledge of the food selections served our decision making well as the menu is extensive, without being over the top.My husband had the muscles, unbelievably generous portion, seasoned to perfection! He followed them with the bourbon rib appetizer that was to die for!I enjoyed the house made potatoe chips sharing them, as they, also, were a generous portion. Followed up with the shrimp & grits that were delightful and filling!Leftovers for sure! Skipped dessert this vist, will try something next time.Will definitely  make this a frequent spot to enjoy and plan on bringing friends with us very soon!
3	We tried it for the first time. We loved the atmosphere and the iPad for bar menu very different. We ordered the goat cheese appetizer, I would take this off the menu not good at all. The shrimp app with the white sauce and Tabasco was awesome.  We were just there for a quick drink or 2 and a cpl of apps, the menu pricing is typical of south park very expensive.  We might go back for some of the small plates and drinks but we shall see. The service at the bar at the beginning was very bad, they were watching the ACC football game when we were trying to order. After we got 1 bartender to start serving us the service was much better.
5	I always am looking for a good Brunch after Church and was fortunate to discover Dogwood was serving, so three friends and I went.  We all happened to order the Low Country Eggs Benedict which were amazing.   You get two sunny side up eggs over fried green tomatoes sitting on top of collards and topped with hollandaise sauce.  We all agreed that it was one of the best dishes we have ever had.  The atmosphere is very contemporary with a Big City feel and the wait staff was very professional and attentive.  I think Dogwood may be my new favorite restaurant.
5	Omg, this place is amazing. I frequent The Capital Grille, Palm and Dresslers.. Serving all locally sourced food this is an amazing trip through the Tarheel  state. The place feels like home, the staff truly care that you feel welcome. You MUST try this... Just do it!
5	Tried Dogwood for the first time for lunch, it was great! Food was wonderful, servers were very nice and the restaurant is gorgeous with a good vibe. Place was packed too. Highly recommend, it's our new favorite local place.
5	Excellent service, incredible food. Perfect for date night or out with friends. Warm environment, cozy, inviting ambiance. If $ not an issue, it's awesome. Plates were just enough but still a little hungry when left. Whatever you get, it will be delicious. We eat out every night so will save it for a special occasion. 2 people, no alcohol or sides was $96 w tip.
5	This new "farm-to-table" inspired restaurant was nothing short of delicious! From the atmosphere, decor, service, and food- I was very satisfied! They even had a complimentary valet! I discovered this place on Yelp! And thought it would be a great place to try- so I booked my reservation right on my phone. Easy Peasy! I went with a group and we tried many different entrees and appetizers ... And I don't believe there was a crumb left on anyone's plate! Everyone was super satisfied with their dish.I had the scallops and they were cooked to perfection- a nice sear on either side, with delicious flavor and the sauce and sides all worked really well!I'm already excited about going back and I'd recommend this place to anyone!
