1	5 people back in the pharmacy working & U are the only one at the counter they ignore U make & U wait, for What? Slow service.
1	I was waiting for 10 minutes in the drive-thru, the girl finally comes over and checks on my script.  She tells me that it's not done and I tell her that my doc called it in before noon (it was currently 6pm when I was there).  She says, "We just got it in. Do you want to wait a couple of minutes and drive back around or wait inside?".  Mind you that I am horribly sick that is why I chose the drive-thru. However, I went inside and waited in a ten people deep line. She calls me up and I grab my crap and leave.  As I was driving away, I saw the promised time on my prescription 12:46pm!!!! She lied to my face because she skimmed through the pile and didn't find it???  Every single time I go there I wait more than ten minutes! There's at least five people working in the back!
2	Always busy, because this place sits at a major intersection next to several 400+ multi-family housing complexes. The people working here have been polite to me, as much as they can with the line of people 5 and 6 deep and both registers going. Prices are pretty expensive. To infer this business is a convenience store that sells first-aid stuff and vitamins with a dubious bankers-hours pharmacy staff would not be too far off the mark. I think this crew might be better motivated, but not much. It's kind of hard to plug holes into a sinking ship after a while. I rather enjoy shopping here, if nothing else to observe the dynamic of an under-staffed, over-taxed retail location trying to maintain a profitable business in the midst of price and service competition.It is quite entertaining, provided you have a sense of humor about the whole thing. Scandalous. Just scandalous.
1	Pharmacy techs are too lazy to verify that they actually ran my prescription by my insurance company. First of all I was waiting on the drive thru window forever. Secondly, when I asked the guy at the window if he ran it against my insurance he said yes and they covered a portion of it. When I called my insurance company, they mentioned that nothing was submitted to them. I called them back and they said the insurance I had on file was expired. Boy that pissed me off. I am sick as hell and don't need this bullshit! I'm pissed! The one star is for the bad service in the pharmacy.
1	Since forced from Walgreens.. This was the name brand that I thought would be on par, but boy was I mistaken! Not only are the slow as snails on a cold day, but Customer Service is so poor you would think they OWE you a favor! If you can find another pharmacy do it and quick before your Meds run out!!! How can a place jack up a repeating script three months in a row? Not to mention can fill a script on time as per your web or phone order??!!! :-(
3	I usually only stop here if there's a good sale on something or if I'm looking for something specific I haven't been able to find elsewhere. I've never used their pharmacy. Redbox and water fill station out front. Staff I've dealt with have been pleasant. I don't care for their photo kiosk. I've gotten messed up pics here once. I've used them for passport photos which was alright.
1	DO NOT EVER GO HERE! Man, I forgot to check Yelp before I went here to get a prescription filled. I went at 6:15pm on a Friday and they said it would take 2 hours! I come back to pick it up at 8:30pm, wait in line for another 15 minutes AND IT'S STILL NOT FILLED! Absolutely unacceptable. I then go down the street at Walgreens and they fill it in 13 MINUTES!  Whoever runs the pharmacy needs to be fired immediately.  That teaches me to always check Yelp before going anywhere.
1	If I could give this pharmacy zero stars, I would.I have to use CVS as my insurance requires it if we dont want to pay extra and this one is convenient. In the past few months, the service has declined so badly that I would rather pay extra to go to Walgreens or Target. The staff here are so rude and condescending. They get irritated when they have to answer questions. Once, I was late picking up a prescription and they had put it back on the shelf. When I asked to have it refilled the girl at the counter said "are you actually going to come back for it this time"?Another time I was at the drive through picking up a prescription I had dropped off the day before. It was a pain pill for a knee injury and I needed it badly. After waiting for a few minutes the man can to the window and said "you can't just sit here and wait.You have to come inside" There was no one behind me and walking was very difficult as my knee was hurting. He said "well you can leave until we figure it out or come in but you can't just hang out in my drive through".  YOUR drive through? I wasn't aware you owned CVS.Recently I called to ask if they had the compression socks my dr ordered me to wear post surgery. They said no but they would order them for me. I asked her to check if they were available for orde since getting out on crutches isn't easy and she said they were, she just needed the script. When I got there, no one responded to the drive through call button, so I hobbled inside only to be told they couldn't help me and then weren't able to order them. On top of that, prescriptions promised in an hour are rarely filled on time, I've been given the wrong pills on more than one occasion and when my birth control was recalled it took them 3 weeks to call me.... Afte to had taken the entire pack.I investigated and come to find out they "got busy and fell behind on phone calls".Glad I didn't get pregnant.....I do not recommend this CVS to anyone. I am reluctant to try any other since the management doesn't respond to my complaints and I'm done giving money to a company that just doesn't care.....
2	I have been filling my prescriptions at this location since last September. Really only because I moved to this side of town.the pharmacy is so busy that even with all the staff they have the pharmacy staff and pharmacists can't keep up and provide the customer service I think they would like to. The wait is always horrible. If you fill your prescription online or call it in, it is never done by the pick up time you request. I'm sure if they build another CVS close to this location it would help lighten this stores load.
1	You can pretty much rest assured that the prescription you dropped off or that your physician called in will not be ready when you arrive for pick up--and they might not even know anything about it. Sadly, it's the worst CVS that I know and also the closest to my home.
2	Meh. Not outstanding, not horrible, just meh.
4	Why such a low score? This location is nice.... It has everything you need and lots of sale items and whatnot. Also, when I was in line (I was the 3rd of 6 who appeared almost all at once), the cashier called for backup assurance. Good looking out.
5	Great, great service at this location. They greeted us when we walked in the door, and every person in the pharmacy, it seemed, took a personal interest in making sure we got the help we needed.We called around for a less-common medication and everybody else was out of stock, yet this CVS had it and even helped me determine what it was actually called after the Walmart pharmacy just north of this location (on Arroyo Crossing) misspelled it, and the one on Fort Apache didn't catch the error when I asked them about it.The place was very clean and well-stocked; they had an excellent selection, as well, of all the things you'd expect at a pharmacy/convenience store of its ilk. All in all, we're just going to get our prescriptions filled here from now on.
5	Had to print photos today. And the service I received was great. The employees were patient with me and very helpful. Thank you!
3	I frequent this location 2 or 3 times a month. Drive thru pick up for the pharmacy is speedy and friendly. Inside pharmacy is also efficient and quick. The inside of the store is a bit dark and dingy. But the shelves are always stocked and the seasonal items rotate in a timely way. Each visit I'm greeted by a friendly "hello" or asked if I need help finding anything. Lines run a little slow for most of my transactions. I'll continue to come here because of the location and the fact that my prescriptions are here.
2	Items on shelf without prices & mislabeled items. Would have been nice to offer me to come back in & get it at the correct price when called in or perhaps double check the item to see its true price.
