4	Honestly, I was having a great time when I came here for the first time last week. I've heard great things about this place, but it is a maze to go through to actually get to it. However, labyrinth and all, the music was poppin and my drink made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside :) My friends decided to drag me out and leave abruptly since they were not having a good time. They claimed it was dead...Anyways, the outside portion is pretty chill. You can still hear the music faintly, so it isn't loud enough where you will be needing to scream to your friends. Nice view of the District backside.One thing I found humorous is that the bouncer up front that you needed to show your ID had this weird card device where he slid in your license and it electronically tells you if you're 21 or not. The question of technology over man came to mind, and if he really didn't know how to do simple math...then again, he was arguing with some 30 yr old woman who looked about 40. I think she was wearing "mom" pants. Can't wait to go back here or host a party of my own!
4	Vegas is so full of super posh, super glamorous, super expensive hot spots. It is nothing to drop $30 at the door, to push your way through to the bar to spend $15 on a watered down over pretentious cocktail. If you think you are going to see Paris, Nicole, or Lindsey you will be disappointed ---the masses are kept away from the special. Whiskey bar is very different. It is small, very modern, with a killer back deck. No cover, reasonable drinks---and lots of super pretty Las Vegans looking absolutely yummy on a weekend night. It is not on the Strip--which is a bonus if you are local, nestled in Green Valley Ranch--complete with an air conditioned casino to walk through and valet parking. What more could a girl ask for?Dancing poles anchor either side of the dance floor to give all the amatuer (or maybe pro, with a night off) dancers a chance to thrill the crowd.
5	Of all the times I've been to the Whiskey Bar, I've never had one thing to complain about! I've been here with just one other friend and a huge group and every time was so much fun! HIGHLIGHTS:It's away from all the overpriced and "Vegas crowd" (which I honestly never really have a problem with either. I mean, isn't that why you go to Vegas clubs?) but it still has the atmosphere of an upscale club.There's no cover charge!!!The dance floor is a descent size and it even has stripper poles to dance on, for those of us who like to be the center of attention!The drinks are priced OK, but again, it is still Vegas!The DJ plays top 40 and some mashups. Great dancing music. I found myself getting tired, wanting to sit down and then right back up on the dance floor because another good song would come on!There is a separate VIP room as well as cabanas outside. And if you're lucky enough to know people who work there or the manager, you get hooked up!There are two bars here. One long on inside and a smaller one outside on the patio.Downside:The long lines outside look like a drag. I wouldn't know though...I've never had to wait in them!If you're coming to Vegas on a budget and still want to experience a great club, come here!
5	All the benefits of an upscale club, without the over-trendy tourist crowds.Whiskey Bar is located inside the Green Valley Ranch in Henderson.  Not sure what the cover charge is, if there is one.  The inside area has the main bar, which is right there with the dance floor.  Farther back is a multi-level couch/seating area where you can just lay out and be comfortable.The highlight of this place, of course, is the outside pool area.  Plenty of places to sit.  A few places to grab a drink as well if you don't want to go back inside.  On a warm August evening, can't beat it.  Grab a group of friends, make a night of it.  You won't regret it.
3	Quick note, don't wear sneakers to this club as you will be rejected. Our group had two folks wearing black sneakers, were pricey shoes however it didn't cut it and we didn't go. I've gone many times before, but dress up a little for this place.
4	Vegas locals can't be wrong...An actual posh club in Sin City with no cover charge??? No ridiculously long lines to get in (10-15 minutes tops and you're in). Cool doorman. No hassle to get in, except you do have to dress to impress. Huge main bar with hot female bartenders. Drink prices are reasonable...flirt a little and she'll make your drinks with an extra kick in them. Great sound system, and they play some top 40 dance grooves, hip-hop and electronica stuff. There's a small dancefloor that fills up quickly. Loungy feel in the main room, and a HUGE patio that opens up to the pool area with even more loungy seats and space to hang out. Smaller bars are located outside. Mixed crowd of locals and out of towners. A lot of beautiful people. Chill vibe. i like it.
4	It's great having local friends in Vegas - they bring you to a place like this. Far off the strip so you don't have to deal with crowds and yet you still get the upscale Vegas club feel. No ridiculous line that wraps around the casino. No cover. And yet the place is still poppin'. Good times here...
1	Just figured Id update everyone on "The Whiskey" as I used to work there.  Just after the first of the year Station Casinos bought The Whiskey and pretty much fired all the employees and replaced us with hotel staff and then ran the place into the ground.  Now I may be a touch on the bitter side as I loved my job and loved working there, but much of the atmosphere that everyone loved about this club was fueled by the fun loving and high energy staff. At any rate GVR has made other plans for the space the club occupied and have since close The Whiskey for good.  Not exactly sure what will be replacing it but I doubt it will live up to the reputation The Whiskey had made for itself over the years.   R.I.P. Whiskey....  We'll miss you.
4	Back when going to Henderson was a daily reality, my saving grace from the touristy crowds on the Strip was the fabulous confines of the Whiskey Bar. It was arguably the popular choice at the Green Valley Ranch and was personally one of my favorite spots anywhere.It was small but bold in its own way. The super posh ambiance made up for it, as did the nightly crowds of locals looking to enjoy a quality drink. Bartenders were another plus here, as each had just the right amount of sass and plenty of skill in making every drink potent and delicious. And of course, there was never any cover.Digging a little deeper, it was more than simply a lounge. There was a deck, which doubled as a outside pool and a dance floor where many a DJ tore it up. The eye candy was always ambiguous, which made for people watching a fun past time in these parts. The vibe was less pretentious and certainly more laid back than most similar venues just north up the Strip.But that's all history. Whiskey Bar has been closed for some time, which is a shame. I'll miss everything about the place, which has been morphed into a new space with more bells and whistles, and spendier everything.
