4	I was headed to the Middle Eastern Bakery, but parked on the north side of the complex, and Lizabelle's Treasures was the first building and caught my eye because it is an antique store.I walked in and was delighted.  Not only do they have cool stuff, but a lot of it is reasonably priced.  Meaning, even I, the queen of cheap, could afford it!  The space is larger than would appear from the outside, and you keep discovering doors to go through - love that!  They have quite a selection of cool stuff, and you can tell from the tags that the owner likes his stuff, and what he does. I didn't have the time I'd have liked (the bakery was calling) but definitely will go back!Lizabelle's Treasures is a delight I can't wait to explore further.
5	As a frequent antiques consumer, I can honestly say that Lizabel's Treasures is my favorite antique store in Phoenix. I've been a customer for several years, and Lizabel's is my first (and often only) stop.Why Lizabel's is such a treasure is because of these things: price, desirable antiques, and great customer service. John and Bette know what people want, and they go to great lengths to get the antiques that people want and to make their customers happy. I'm a believer.They consistently have one-of-a-kind quality furniture and pieces that you would not normally find elsewhere in town. Pieces are priced very agreeably, so you can afford to stock up or furnish a whole room without busting the bank.John and Bette have created the kind of family business that is to be admired. They have a legion of supportive customers, and I'm one of them. I can always find them to be helpful and interested in getting me what I want, even if I don't always know what I want.Lisabel's Treasures is the place to build a relationship with, because as one's life's needs changes, so does the need for different pieces and furniture. I can always count on finding something I really love at their store, and you will, too.
5	This place is fantastic it is small but they have some really great buys. The service was excellent. I highly recommend checking this place out. This was our first visit and will definitely be the beginning of something long term.
5	I love, love, love this place! I almost hesitate to write a review because I want to keep it a secret and have all the wonderful finds to myself. There are always new discoveries every time I go and I love shopping for my clients here.  The prices are really fair too which I love since I'm such a bargain hunter.
5	-WOW! These are the friendliest folks I have ever met! The store owners were very cordial and friendly. They really have a passion for antiques.-COOL 1930's building with original wood floor and peeled away plaster walls, revealing cool old bricks...how rare to see in Phoenix! Love the old vintage glass door.-Neat products, decent prices...not a big store, but a one worth visiting for sure!-Parking is convenient, on the side street.
5	I love this place so much! I try to stop in about 1-2 times/month; they get new items in everyday, it seems!The prices are unbelievably good and they're always willing to negotiate. Check out 2nd Saturday; they have great deals!
5	Wonderful store!  I find treasures every.single.time!!!!  Good prices, great selection!
4	Fair pricing might even find a great deal! The guy who is always there is nice and helpful. There is so much stuff to look at, I love it! although regret to add they have a bunch of shit outside and it takes awhile to pull out and in... meaning don't go until 11 because 10 you cant get in and don't go at 530 cuz they are hauling their stuff in. other then that you are golden.
4	Prices can be from bargain low to way over priced. So if you know what your looking for you can find some great deals or you can be some ones good deal.
1	I've never seen such junk in my life. Right when you walk it its a crap show of way overpriced junk. The owners definitely took this store way way down. You can't believe the junk outside and in the front room. It gets better in the back if you can even get there. They need new fresh sellers. I bet this stuff comes out of trash cans or they pick it up from people's rubbish. So so sad
5	This is one of my favorite antique stores to shop! They are so friendly and have some of the most unique items! I love just to stop by and see what they have since they get new things in seems like daily.  Prices are are reasonable which makes it easy to shop here...you will love it!
5	I love this store and I love the owner, Greg. He is so helpful, polite, and fun while shopping. He really went above and beyond to find what I was looking for. He spent so much time trying to make me happy and I ended up with a great piece that I love! The store is always changing and I feel the prices are very reasonable. This is one of my favorite places to shop in the city. I highly recommend it to people who like to find something different each time! There is a great mix of industrial, antique, and some of everything else. There is a lot to look at!
5	I agree with previous reviewers...it's hard to write this review, because I want to keep this gem all to myself!  But alas my philanthropic side wins out, and I must share this goodness with the world.  Listen folks, if you are at all into antiques or vintage, re-purposed items, this is your place.  Contrary to what a previous reviewer said, most of this is NOT overpriced.  If you've spent any time shopping for vintage furniture and decor, you will agree.  It's actually quite reasonable compared to what other stores would charge.  Give yourself some time to wander through room by room.  Take your time. There is much to see.  And the staff is friendly, so that's a plus!
4	Found a bowling pin and exit sign to add to my collection. The hours were not listed correctly on their website for summer, but I'm glad I went back.
