2	This event was a great idea, but was poorly organized. First off it was a good thing we brought our online receipt for tickets we purchased, because we never received any actual e-tickets. When we showed up at will call they looked at our receipt and almost reluctantly handed over the tickets. The next stop was runner check-in. They ran out of safety pins to attach our runner numbers and they ran out of t-shirts! Part of our runners entrance fee included a t-shirt, which is usually a great souvenir! All they had left was 2x, 3x sizes. I wear a small. Thanks but what am I going to do with a shirt that size?!We were scheduled for the 2:00 run and it seemed that everyone was walking around not really knowing where to go. Once we were all in the runners corral, they decide to announce the helpful tips and safety guidelines. No one could hear a thing. We were all standing around nervously joking about how we were probably missing some important information, and it would have been more useful before we got into the corral. The run itself was kind of  fun. Many people dressed up in costume. The cowboys released about 7 bulls at a time so they'd be spaced out amongst the runners. I never felt any real threat at any time, it was more dangerous to get knocked down by another runner than by the bulls!Just like that it was done, a 1/4mile track gone in the blink of an eye. We thought about sticking around to do another run but didn't feel like waiting the couple hours in between. Would I do it again? I don't know. It's a great idea, and maybe next year they'll better organize the event.
2	i wanted to give this event 1 star but the novelty forced me up to 2 stars. ABSOLUTE GENIUS!!!! the event organizer got people (me) to pay to run 1 minute in front of scared rodeo cows. a complete loss of 25 bucks. and to make it even more painful, not even a t-shirt! why? because they ran out of t-shirts. that means every runner at the 2pm and after would get a crappy red bandanna...worlds most expensive bandanna! and they ran out of safety pins to pin the numbers. there's a cvs right up the street ya'll. complete debacle of any organization. they didn't check ID's or vouchers. most people just sort of walked right in and many did the run without even paying (they were bragging about it). but why would they pay, when nobody really checked anything! lets go a step further..."no drinking in the corral"...sure, but get wasted before and proceed to harass the cowboys and the bulls during the run. we even saw two of the cowboys almost come to blows...they were yelling and swinging their lasso's at each other like they were about to start a fight with each other. ugh, what a shame. this could've been such a cool event. i loved the costumes and the band playing (although after the run, most people left until the next start time).
3	Spain this is not. More like rednecks running from rodeo bulls with rounded off horns. The event had a small festival across the street that I found to be more fun. My prediction is that this event will continue to grow and mature and at some point will be worth attending. Good luck!
2	Bought as a gift for me and my Uncle to go to as it was his 50th b'day. He had fun, so it was worth it for that reason. However, thrilling it was not (for me). Too many people jam packed in front of the bulls, and lots of elbows in the back. The bulls were sad, as they were not the cool fighting bulls in Spain, nor even healthy Brahma Bulls. Instead they were steers like you see while taking a drive outside of Phoenix in open grazing areas. Though even those have more vitality then these, who were extremely old looking or barely old enough to be called a steer instead of a calf. The best part was looking at those who came in costume and just being able to tell people that I had done it (so long as I don't describe the actual experience).
4	The Running of the Bulls in Cave Creek is always a good time!
