2	You get what you pay for, I guess.It's two blocks from the Strip, so it's convenient. However, it's so close to the airport that the noise of helicopters and airplanes passing over you as you try to sleep makes you want to kill yourself.The rooms are small and very below average.The service kinda sucked too.If you're looking for value, go elsewhere.
2	Oh. Hot. Damn.We slept on top of the sheets in all of our clothing (without the pillows) with a baseball bat next to us. I don't know where these "remodeled" parts of the hotel were located, but my friends and I were just... terrified. The stains on the carpet, walls, sheets, sink and in the shower freaked us out in such a way that we could barely manage 3 hours of sleep -- not that we could get more, as our next door neighbors started blasting music at 5:18AM. I have slept in many sketchy motels in my time on various road trips and this one was by far one of the sketchiest.  Never again.The positive: we were able to check in really late (around 1:30AM) and we were able to park directly in front of our room.
2	This motel was cheap, so we didn't expect a resort...but what we got was nothing short of sketchy. We stayed 4th of July weekend, so the place was booked to capacity. The bottom line is that I would never pay over $30.00 a night for this place and even then...well I just wouldn't stay again.  I'm just going to give a list of pros and cons to make this quick or I might be here all night. Here goes; the good, the bad, and the ugly. The Good: Nice showerhead, decent pressure, endless hot water. Great AC unitFast check-inGreat parking. The restaurant next door is called Coco's and they are AMAZING and are getting a wonderful review after I have a chance to rest. Pool was decent with nice furniture and towels available. They also kept it open all the time unless people got out of hand (which didn't happen during our visit.) Security guard was a really nice guy. Walking distance to strip, us middle-aged, out-of-shape moms even managed it in the severe heat. It took us about 10 minutes to get from the motel to the Excalibur. The Bad:Key cards were touchy, not good in 110 degree heat. Door facing afternoon sun way too hot to touch, swollen shut, required kicking (as per maintenance) to open. Huge fire safety issue in my opinion, also annoying. Carpet really old, bunched up, dirty, and worn. Just walking from the shower to the bed resulted in dirty feet. WiFi was very spotty and slow, however it was this way all over town. 3G/4G was terrible as well, so this was likely a result of just too many people using all of it and probably not the fault of the hotel. Bedside lamps brokenBathroom door latch brokenSeriously bad paint jobVery loud, luckily the AC noise masked most of it. Helicopters every 5 minutes 14 hours a day. Lots of "unsavory" characters milling about, even two different creepy guys who kept watching our 12 year old daughters swim! While the sheets and pillow cases appeared clean, the blanket in between the sheets was gross. When we asked for an extra pillow, we were told they had "run out." They also never gave us the second luggage rack we had requested in order to keep our stuff off their gross floor. The toilet seat was "public style" with no lid, VERY annoying when the bathroom is the size of a postage stamp. Hard not to drop things inside. Expired pizza advertisements with expired coupon codes. The room was VERY small. Not too bad for two people, but not good for 4 at all. Screwed up driveway entrance. Do yourself a favor and if there is a car there, go in the next driveway and then cut over. Better yet, find a better motel. Only two electrical outlets in the whole room. The UGLY:ROACHES. Seriously. 2 inch long roaches IN OUR ROOM! Rodent seen entering large vent across from pool entrance.(The above would not be nearly so bad if we had seen ANY evidence of ongoing pest control. The woman at the desk was actually kinda rude about it...like we were prudes for expecting our room to be free of pests.) A woman in our group was propositioned for sex, as if she were a prostitute working out of this hotel. It was 6:30am! Ice machine broken, apparently only one for this huge hotel? Front desk advised us to "just go buy some" at the SEVERELY overpriced liquor store next door. I guess it could have been worse...I mean, they could have had hourly rates posted. I may actually have more, but I'm not sure where my daughter put the list.
5	I was very satisfied in regards of price, quality and cleanness. The lady at the reception was very efficient and nice to me. The wifi worked well and the bathroom was clean. I recommend this motel if you are trying to watch out for your budget.
1	I was not a happy customer at this Hotel, first night we had to change rooms due to pluming problems, then the second room was just as bad, the tap in the basin squirted everywhere but in the basin... We had to use the bath tap to do our teeth brushing n face washing! Also the tv remote in the room never worked.. There were no extra blankets in the room. The vending machine downstairs didn't work! Just effin redonculous!!!  And when I went to check out.. All the girl could say after I complained was, oh we are going to get the pluming sorted out! Really!! But in the meantime your customers must make do... ?? Will not be staying there again!
1	100% disappointment....I'll even go so far as to say it was a pretty horrifying experience.Since my boyfriend and I were coming to a friend's wedding in Vegas after two weeks in China and Japan, we decided to cheap out and stay at this Howard Johnson location. The Bellagio (where the wedding was held) wasn't really in the budget so we opted for the normally reliable HoJo. Usually perfect for a few night, no-frills stay, we didn't hesitate to book a room for Thursday through Sunday.  After walking through the vacant parking lot, we received the keys from reception and entered into a moldy mess with a bathroom floor caked with dirt and grime. After trying to stay in the room for a night, we decided to ask for a switch. The next morning, they switched us to a seemingly cleaner room on the second level. Merely hours later, they issued the same room to someone else, so we woke from a jetlagged nap to a group of guys trying to get into the room.By nightfall, the bathroom light stopped working and never went on again. At various points in our stay, the toilet would not flush and the sink faucet wouldn't turn on. Overall, just an atrocious experience. This was a little over a week ago and I just read a review someone posted today about the motel's plumbing issues. This is just ridiculous.I suppose you get what you pay for - but this place STILL isn't worth the inexpensive rate.
4	We had none of the cleanliness issues that most of the other reviewers had. Our room was clean when we arrived and stayed that way during our stay. I don't know if we managed to have a more renovated room than most or what. There was no smell as some suggested. The staff was always nice to us and accommodating to our needs. They will hold your luggage if you check out and don't leave yet or the other way around. There is also an ATM in the lobby, with only a $2 fee. This is cheap compared to other hotels or casinos. The location is great, just a short walk to the strip (right next to hooters on tropicana). It's also a very short ride from the airport, which keeps taxi costs down. There is also a restaurant called Coco's in the same parking lot, they have great food at a great price. We ate breakfast there every morning. You have to realize you're paying to stay at a howard johnson off the strip, no the Bellagio. The towels are smaller and slightly stiff. But, they're clean. There are no mints on the pillow from housekeeping. Our bed, however, was quite comfortabke. Far more than I expected. But, this is an affordable option. No frills. The only complaint we really had was their plumbing issues. We had to ask for a plunger three or four times. If you sneezed near the toilet it clogged. Once, my husband was in line behind three people for a plunger. There are some serious plumbing issues going on here. It seemed to happen after housekeeping left, perhaps they're flushing something down the toilet that should be thrown out? Either way, that was quite an annoyance.
1	Check in to Howard Johnson and the rooms are pretty decent. However, the water through the entire building got shut off due to broken pipes and we haven't been able to use the restroom or shower for the last three hours. Really disappointed!
5	We stayed two nights, never encountered anything wrong. For the money what can you expect. We had a clean room, towels, bedding not the Ritz but neither was the price. Quiet slept like a  log,the airport traffic didn't start til 9am. We didn't come to Vegas to sleep late or hangout at pool, if we did we would have stayed at a resort.Don't expect something for nothing and you'll be fine.
3	I was a bit skeptical when my friend said he booked a hotel off the strip. From the outside the hotel looked pretty sketchy, but it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The hotel itself was pretty standard.Four of us shared a 2 double bed room and it was pretty cozy. It got to a point where we were on top of each other but it wasn't so horrible for the price we paid. There is no fridge there so we brought a cooler bag which was perfect because it didn't take up a lot of the small space we had. The AC was FREEZING which I enjoyed but my beau did not. Luckily, I brought an extra blanket from home to keep us extra warm through the night. A problem I had was when my friend was in the middle of his shower and suddenly the water stopped working. The toilet wouldn't flush either. We called the front desk and they said there was something wrong with their pipe and it would take an hour or so to fix. Luckily the sink still worked so he could finishing showering. By the time we got back later that night everything was functioning fine.Another problem I had was with the free wifi. It would cut in and out during our stay so it was a pain in the butt whenever we wanted to look something up. If you're looking for a cheap stay in Vegas and don't mind walking an extra 10 minutes in your 5 inch heels, I recommend staying at the HoJo's. It's basic and inexpensive, & you can spend that extra money on the slots!
1	Shit hole. Dirty, AC BARELY works, the cable tv is digital antenna,which is l static.  The staff is hardly helpful. The pool is small,dirty and probably festering with hepatitis. Do not stay here. Plenty of other moderately prices hotels in the area off the strip.
1	This place is AWFUL!! Pure definition. Of a roach hotel! The maides are thieves, stole a pair of earrings AND 2 pairs of shoes from us. The manager Ymelda Del Rio has the worst customer service of any woman I have ever had the misfortune of speaking to. We had our tire slashed in the parking lot they offered no help or explanation and when we reported the stolen items she did nothing about it and lied and said the room was rented out when it was not (yes I looked in the windows, I wanted my items back). The only reason I'm giving this place one star is bc I couldn't give them zero. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
1	The place is a dump. Very small space. Not friendly staff especially in the check in counter. A/C don't give enough cold air. The place is not pet-friendly & they charge $15 per night for it. No pet area. Smelly bathroom, actually the whole room smells. I will never ever stay here again. It was stupid of me thinking of saving money when this place is a dump. I would not recommend this hotel. Worst hotel I have ever been.
3	We booked it a day on july 3 . For a last minute reservation. I was quite pleased. The service to check in and out was fast. The room was clean, and cozy. The only thing was that Friday a dog kept barking all night long and we could not sleep and when i told the desk they asured us they had checked out . I had a peacefull sleep that sat night. Parking was right near our room. The Monorail was a walking distance . Coco's is right in front with a good dinning menu. We will definetely be back.
1	0 stars. I reserved this hotel for today, I called yesterday. When I came into it they said I haven't reserved. I called the number that it shows here again and apparently I reserved for another day when I SPECIFICALLY said it was for today. Anyways no I have no where to sleep, left in the street. Very in organized people.
1	Place is small the staff is rude. Pool is dirty. Lol and was on a waiting list for an iron that I never got. Place sucks
1	Stayed here for two nights in Vegas. We didn't have the budget for one of the nice hotels, so we were thrilled to find a place that was so close to the strip...that is probably the only good thing that can be said: the location is great. The room was rather cramped, and we were up on the second level; the whole room shook whenever anyone walked by. Shoddy wi-fi connection and very limited TV channels. The rating is mostly based on the fact that my boyfriend booked the room online and they placed a hold on his credit card for the  amount for the room, which is fine, but they did not release the hold until several days after we had paid and checked out, and it required multiple phone calls to get them to do so. We had a similar occurrence at the other Howard-Johnson we stayed at while in L.A., but they lied to our faces about having a hold on the card, claiming the company didn't do that, which is extremely suspicious, because my boyfriend had called his bank that same day to confirm the holds on his card and where they were coming from. This particular hotel sucks, and this company in general is shady, and will not be getting our business ever again.
2	This place is good if you don't care where you are staying and are looking for somewhere cheap. We didn't mind since we only slept here. We did have to change rooms since the ac was broken but thank god it wasn't super hot that week. No fridge or microwave or anything and we found someone else's belongings under the bed also asked for our beds to be turned down and it never happened. If you stay here, do not have high expectations. Ending on a good note there are some nice employees.
1	My family and I stayed at this place for our weekend thanksgiving vacations.First impression was OKAY, it's a cheap place so we weren't asking for much. But even in redwood city the cheapest motels/hotels have a refrigerator and a microwave this place didn't even have that.Our room was supposed to get cleaned at 11am we came back from walking around at 2pm and our room was NOT clean we didn't have any clean towels and our beds were messed up still. At 3pm the maid knocked on our door, we opened and she said do you need any clean towels? We said "yes please" she was like okay. We thought she was going to come back but she never did. What was the point of knocking on the door, asking and not giving us anything I was really disappointed! I went to the office and talk to the lady at the front desk all she said is would you like to take clean towels I have some here, I had no option other than to say yes. If I was managing that place I would of said, I'm sorry about the inconvenience, I personally will take some clean towels to your room. But I guess not everyone has the same customer service I do.  I wouldn't come back to this place even if it's cheap.
1	Came here for a night stay with my family. I have never stayed at a motel this bad. We walk in and the workers were not welcoming and right off the bat asked for 100 dollar deposit we didn't even get an early notice for it. We walk in the room I wasn't expecting much but when you pay 74 dollars plus a 100 deposit you at least want a microwave and fridge which it didn't have. Also went to use the toilet and it clogged and the worker took forever to come fix it. We called to request pillows and they said they didn't have any. The coffee pot was also missing. The TV didn't work properly. also this isn't much of a complaint but the hotel is close to the airport so you will hear planes if you're a light sleeper it's gonna be annoying . The only plus side is that it's walking distant from the strip but yeah I learned my lesson and I won't be back here and spend the money on a nicer hotel
