4	Hello! Baked goods were scrumptious and the latte was decent (it was a bit *too* milky). A malfunctioning doorknob trapped me in the bathroom but no harm, no foul as I've since escaped.(Additional bonus points given for: WiFi and board games with missing pieces that make them all the more challenging)
5	Hoi Polloi is a great coffeehouse and vegetarian restaurant.They have a good selection of specialty coffee and tea drinks - my favorite is a latte.The food is consistently very good.  They offer daily specials - salads, wraps, soups - and everything I've tried has been tasty and substantial.  My two favorites though are the egg wraps - scrambled eggs with vegetables (like mushrooms and spinach or red peppers and onions) and the oatmeal (I prefer raisins and brown sugar but they have many other additions).The atmosphere is relaxed and cozy.  There is a comfy sofa and chairs as well as tables and chairs.  WiFi is available, the music is always good and the owners are really friendly.  Perfect spot to hang out and have coffee and/or food.
5	I ventured into Hoi Polloi for a catered event during the AFL CIO conference, and totally loved it! Why? 2 reasons: LEMON GINGER COOKIES and BACON MAC n CHEESE. The cookies smelled really Lemony off the bat, but when you bite into them, they bite right back with a delectable hint of ginger. WHY OH WHY can't they wrap these in cellophane and mail it to me in L.A.???I love Mac n Cheese. I'm ok with bacon (crispier = better). For some reason when I've tried bacon Mac n'Cheese or  bacon potato salad it falls flat and i do not want, like the tater salad at Cole's(http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=MMHVt1xtlD4xJWOMPtX2OA) but Hoi Polloi totally raises that bar like no other I've tried to date. Added bonus: books and games like Monopoly, scrabble, connect 4 and more to pass the time.
5	This is a staple of the Pittsburgh vegan scene even if it's in an unlikely neighborhood. It's off the beaten path, but totally worth it for the delicious food.i got a large bowl of pumpkin/black bean soup, a bagel, and coffee for around $5, which is very reasonable for my student budget. The soup was delectable, and the coffee was quirky and tasted fresh and just different enough to be interesting, while still smooth and full.The building is small and cozy--currently 5 tables and a couch. Through-traffic seems moderate; not too many people but enough others to keep from feeling lonely.They accept credit cards!The bathrooms are amazing and you should definitely make use of them.
5	awesome cheap great coffee. great pancakes! been here 2ce in the past week and its just great every time. huevos rancheros also awesome. cheese egg tacos with soft shells. free wifi. i moved around the corrner and its been one of the best gems in the neighborhood. you find a wide range of people in here from young punky hipster kids to middle age women talking about the kid's college experiences. Babies welcome. toys and books for their entertainment. seriously.. its freaking good.
