5	You know how most of the time when you spend a lot of money on a professionally baked cake it's beautiful but it doesn't taste any better than something you'd cook yourself? Well I have been going to Cakes By Cait for several years now because not only are her cakes gorgeous but they're DELICIOUS!
5	Just had the best cake in my 50 years of life for my 50 Birthday! Rainbow on the inside, sprinkles on the outside! Banana flavored on bottom chocolate on the top!  The merangue icing melted in your mouth!
5	Great cakes! Great prices. She did a x-box cake for my nephews birthday. It was lemon with key lime filling. Absolutely amazing! Plus it looked like a x-box 360.
5	Okay, I found a bakery on yelp that could do my daughter's seventh birthday cake and full time working mom of two here never seemed to manage to find time to get to the bakery to have a conversation about the cake. Once I did, I found out the business was closed and I was back to square one. I want back onto yelp and found Cakes by Cait. Seeing as how I could never manage to get to the other bakery in a reasonable amount of time I realized that Cait might be my perfect solution but I had to admit that I was a little leery going just off of yelp reviews. I emailed Cait and she got back to me quickly. I explained that I wanted a cake that had a spa theme since our daugther was having a spa slumber party. Cait was open to my own ideas but since I was lacking in those she drew up four ideas for me and they were all great. I chose one and then was given a huge choice of icing, cake and filling colors and flavors (fun!) and the best part (as far as my daughter was concerned) is that she does a mean ombre. The inside of the cake was like a rainbow of blues ranging from dark to light. We decided on a final product and the day of the party Cait arrived at our home to drop it off (who doesn't love free cake delivery?) and the cake was gorgeous. She has a website with cake pictures but also check out her facebook page for even more. The cakes are very affordable and delicious and we will definitely order from Cait again in the future.
5	For my birthday, my daughter ordered a cake for me from Cakes By Cait.  The cake was a Victoria's Secret theme like nothing I have ever seen!  It was so gorgeous, that it was painful to cut in to it, but, when we did, the cake was absolutely delicious!  I did save the very top tiny VS gift bag made of fondant, in my freezer.  The detail is amazing!  The cakes that they do are so exceptional, perfect for those occasions that you want to exceed peoples' expectations!
5	I had to throw a birthday party for two little ladies - one 6 and one 8 years old.  We needed two very different cakes - one a Barbie cake and one a horse cake.  All I can say is wow!!! Caitlin was awesome - totally professional, giving us lots of options and even a tight delivery time.  She was terrific - the cakes were the hit of the party!  They were both beautiful and great tasting - the hardest thing to find in specialty cakes.  I would recommend her to anyone who needs a cake to liven up and occasion!  Thanks Caitlin!!!
5	I was a little apprehensive about this whole process because I needed 3 cakes for a special birthday weekend and I didn't know exactly what I wanted them to look like.  I also don't live in Vegas and I couldn't really shop around except online. The high cost that is usually associated with custom cakes was also a concern.  However, Cait was AMAZING to work with.  Not only did she create 3 excellent cakes; she worked with me on the design, she helped me come up with ideas and she kept the costs down!  The cakes, I must add, were all delicious.  Cait finished and delivered on time, came in under budget and was thoroughly professional throughout.  I would highly recommend her and intend to use her again should I need cakes in Las Vegas :-)
5	Cait Thompson was such a pleasure to work with. She made the cake exactly how I wanted. My friend told me she'd never had a more beautiful birthday cake in her life. The cake was carrot with cream cheese frosting, silver sparkle (edible) on the outside and a beautiful green bow around the base with a big 30 on top (for my friend's 30th). It was SO delicious!! If you're in need of a cake for your trip to Vegas I highly suggest "Take The Cake"!
5	Amazing ! Not only did Cait make an amazing cake on a few hours notice she also delivered it to my hotel. I am so glad I called here. I asked on the off chance if she could make a gluten free cake and she ran to the store to get the ingredients and did it at no extra charge!!! It was so good I didn't even tell anyone else it was gluten free. I've never had service this good - with a product that was just as good !
5	WOW!!!  Thank you for the Best Birthday Cake ever!!!  No need to choose any other Bakery in Vegas!
5	We got a cake from Take The Cake for my wife's birthday, and it was excellent! It was beautiful, and my wife loved it. Cait was amazing through the entire process, and helped come up with a beautiful design that was smooth and chocolatey and exactly what my wife would have ordered herself.Enough about how pretty the cake was, the REAL important thing is "how does it taste?"PERFECT. I can't rant enough about how good it was. We had a black-and-white cake (chocolate cake, white icing).  The slices we cut were pretty big, since it was a 3-layered cake, but all of the guests finished their slice and sat around looking guilty.  And, of course, they were trying to steal slices to take home!My wife and I have been to a ton of weddings recently (including our own) and slowly learned that usually, fondant is just that pretty decorative icing that you don't eat.  Let me tell you, that is NOT the case here--you WILL eat every single scrumptious crumb off of your plate.Get your cake here and you won't be disappointed!
5	We loved our wedding cake which Cait took the time in making and delivering. She did such an amazing job. It tasted heavenly and looked so perfect that we didn't want to cut into it. Cait I truly feel blessed because even though we met 2 weeks before the wedding you calmed us down and assured us that our wedding cake would be perfect and it was. Thank you for everything and cannot wait to eat our one year frozen wedding cake next year.
5	I bought my husband a birthday cake from Cait. We communicated entirely through email. She had every detail correct. The cake looked awesome and tasted even better. It was so moist and delicious! Thanks so much!!
5	I wanted to order a cake for boyfriend's 30th birthday in Vegas and being from Los Angeles, I didn't know where to start. Thanks to yelp I found Cait. She was so easy to work with. We communicated via e-mail and I opted to pay for the cake through paypal. She dropped off the cake at the restaurant for a fee, which was completely worth it. The cake was beautiful and it was delicious. I couldn't have been happier and my boyfriend was so surprised.
5	Caitlin had made my custom Birthday cake back in February.  It was BEAUTIFUL.... I showed her a picture of what I had wanted ... And she superseded my every wish for an amazing cake!  I had confetti cake and butter creme frosting the the fondant on top.  With whipped topping in the center.  It was a 3-tier cake and EVERYONE LOVED IT!!!! Will be using her AGAIN!!!!
5	THANK YOU CAIT! Made my 21st birthday cakes just the way I wanted them...I know I'm 2 months late on a review but but better now then never' thank you so much you did an amazing job on both the cakes. Next birthday in Vegas I'll be calling you again. Best cake maker EVER!
5	Got an adventure time cake made for a graduation party and Cait was awesome! Fully custom, whatever you want she can do. Also the cake tasted super yummy, tasted better than the store! I was very impressed and can't wait for the next special event so I can get my cake on again! Highly recommended!
5	I found this bakery through yelp and the wonderful reviews made me have no questions about who to use for my in-laws 50th anniversary cake. The cake was absolutely beautiful, delicious and was delivered to the restaurant on time. Even after I changed the venue one day before. Everyone was impressed with the beauty of the cake and I was even more impressed with the price. Everything was done through email  and I always received quick responses. I did not have to pick up the phone once. I recommend this bakery to anyone.
5	We celebrated a bachelorette weekend and needed a cake. Cait was super nice and even delivered the cake to our room! The cake was amazing and we were all so happy with it! I will definitely use her again in the future!
5	Found this bakery through yelp and was not disappointed.  Ordered a custom cake to be made and delivered to a nearby hotel for my husband's 30th birthday.  Cait helped me along the way as I was arranging all of this back home in NJ! The cake was delicious and everything I wanted it to be!
5	I found out about Cait through yelp and I must say that she is amazing. I got the German chocolate cake for my boyfriend's birthday and everybody loved it. The design was sooo amazing. I had a poker theme cake done and it looks soo good. Best part was the "chips" on top that was made of fondant and it was so hard to stop ourselves from picking it out before the cake blowing time. The fondant taste soo good. Plus the cake was huge for 8". Almost everyone kept coming back for another piece!! Best part was there were still leftover the next day!!  Definitely one of the best cakes I've ever had.
5	Cait was a dream to work with. I e-mailed her a photo of what I wanted my cake to look like, and honestly, her cake looked even better than the picture. Not only that, but she replicated alot of details that were hard to catch. Which tells me she really cares about her final product. The taste? You guessed it, amazing! I got strawberry filling and cake, with a whipped cream filling. Even my boyfriend who assured me that no fondant in this world tastes good, ended up swallowing his words when he tasted this cake. Lastly, but definitely not least, the customer service was incredibly good with Cait.  I kept changing my mind and she just rolled with it. I love her patience and her dedication to her trade. She personally delivered my cake with a smile. I'll definitely be recommending her to anyone that needs a cake.
5	I didn't get to properly talk to cait and thank her for the amazing job she did because I was in such a rush.  The cake was a surprise for my fiance's bday in Vegas, I found cait through yelp and e-mailed her to place my order showing her pictures of what I wanted.  Cait delivered just that and on time as promised!  The whole transaction was smooth.   I got the strawberries and cream flavor and it was a huge hit amongst the thirty people it was served too including myself and my fiance who was utterly surprised and impressed with the design as well.  thank you so much Cait for delivering an amazing cake, I truly appreciate your service and well definitely be back soon to order again!  Keep up the good work and see you in the future! P.S.Thanks for throwing in the sparklers they were a hit and added that much more glam to the cake!
5	Cait is a great pleasure to work with. I didn't have any idea on what I want my cake to be so I just pick any on her gallery. She delivered the cake on time as promised and the cake looked and tasted amazing! Everyone in my family loved it. Like others said the fondant was the best I usually don't like how it taste but hers l could actually eat it and loved it. Would definitely be ordering from her again in the future.
5	The best decision I made in Vegas but buying a cake from Cait. She was very helpful and I was able to send her pictures of the cake I wanted and it came out better than I imagined. I ordered a minion cake for about 15 people. The cake turned out perfect and it tasted great. The actual cake was moist and sweet. We were staying in a residence off the strip and she was still able to deliver to us. I will always buy my cakes from her when I am in Vegas.
5	Loved, loved, loved the cake Cait made for my mom's 80th birthday party.  Was beautiful, delicious, delivered on time, and well worth the price.   My only suggestion is to make the website a bit more user friendly.  I tried to do all the ordering and payment through the site but it didn't work.  Web issues definitely secondary to the beautiful product!thanks Cait.
5	A little pricey, but well worth it! I sent over a picture of the cake design and flavors I wanted and Cait did a fabulous job.  I was very impressed with her work.  The cake was pretty and tasted magnificent!!
5	Got married in Vegas at the end of September.  We came in from out of town and made all our arrangements with Take The Cake via email.  The cake was amazing!!!  Not only was it exactly what we asked for it was so gooooood!!!  The cake was delivered to our reception dinner with no complications. Thank you so much for making our day even more special!
5	Cait with Take the Cake was the first baker to agree to do a specialty cake for us when most other bakeries in the valley refused (mostly because they'd either never made this particular flavor before and didnt want to risk it, or because it was too difficult to make). They responded quickly to my request and took on the job without hesitation. I'm so grateful for her willingness! Cait made my gender reveal cake (traditional rainbow cookie in the form of a cake). I submitted my quote request with design ideas and was emailed a quote quickly by her assistant, Celena. I had to mail Cait the results of my gender ultrasound (which I was a little nervous about) but all turned out perfectly! Our cake was delivered the day before our party (because they don't work on Sundays) and it was a huge hit. My husband and I were so happy to get this flavor, and it was extra special to have it as our gender reveal cake because it was the same flavor we had at our wedding. The cake itself was beautifully done! Everyone loved the design and thought it was adorable. I was able to submit links from pinterest for design ideas and Cait followed through wonderfully. I would have liked the saying on the cake not to have been hand written the way it was, but I imagine I would have had to pay for a much more intricate design and I was already maxed out, LOL. Their prices are comparable to other bakers and we paid 130 for a 12" cake with special flavor. I want to thank Take the Cake for being such an important part of our special event!!! Highly recommend for custom cakes.
5	Me and my Husband didn't get a chance to thank Cait with Take the Cake Las Vegas for the unbelievable cake she made us. It was so good!!! The whole family loved it very much as well!!!! I would recommend her to anyone looking for a cake in Vegas.
