2	If you just need a roof over your head I suppose this will do. Don't expect things to be easy for you though. I arrived on Friday shortly before 2pm and wanted to check in early. The pregnant woman at the desk (the one that smells like cigarettes and has track-marks up and down her arms) said the room wasn't ready yet, so I left and drove around to take in the sites.Coming back an hour later (now officially check-in time), I was told that that room STILL wasn't ready. How long does it take to clean a room? You've got 100 other rooms, put me in one of those! She left me standing at the desk while she went out and found a room that was ready. Finally.This is the first place I've ever stayed that wasn't a converted B&B that had hardwood floors. Hardwood floors are cute when you're staying in somebody's house-turned-hotel, but in an actual motel? I felt like I was staying in a hospital room.Sparse furnishings include: 12" TV, 2 hand towels, 1 wash cloth, 1 towel, huge desk that takes up more space than it should, and a scratchy bed. Like I said, it's an okay place if you just need a place to sleep.
1	Now typically, you know what to expect from Motel 6...which isn't a whole lot. This one took the cake though when I walked in the office and was blasted in the face by the cigarette stench.  Not to mention the pregnant girl that had marks all over her arms...and each arm bandaged.  The service wasn't great either.  I arrived about an hour and a half prior to 3 p.m. which is check-in.  Okay, my room wasn't ready yet, no big deal.  We left, got something to eat and came back, just about at 3.  Back into the office, she proceeded to tell that she had to find a ready room...wait what?  Then told me that the room wasn't ready yet.  I made the reservations online about a month ago, they could've at least had the room ready by 3.And walking on a linoleum wood floor isn't really the most comfortable thing after getting out of the shower.  And to top it all off (not that this couldn't happen anywhere else) but a car alarm kept going off several times during the night.  Not exactly the best nights sleep is guaranteed here either.Check please?
5	a weekend of debauchery was spent here when i was 18.  somehow we broke two lamps that were hanging on the walls.  like high up on the walls.  like above head level.  don't ask, because i don't remember how it happened either.  we tried to steal lamps from other rooms, but the maids kept catching us.  so we wrote, "I O U 2 LAMPS :(" on one of the lampshades and left it at that.  one night, my friend jonathan got really drunk and angry and lonely, went to the pool, and threw all of the poolside furniture into the pool.  we seriously destroyed that motel.  i'm not kidding, there was so much filth in one of our rooms that you couldn't see the carpet.  i felt really, really bad for whoever had to clean that up.  but the best part was that we didn't get charged for any damage we caused.  thanks, motel 6!no wonder my useful points are so low... i use yelp more often to showcase my anecdotes than to actually review things.  i'm useless!
3	Room was large and had a laminate wood floor which was nice (hotel carpets are so gross).  They did overcharge me at the front desk by $5 a night which I did not catch til I left.  Not a good place to walk around at night but otherwise a good stay.
1	Arrived to check in at 6:30pm and was told my room wasn't ready yet! Only request I had was for a quiet room, so of course they put me facing the main street. Besides the traffic noise, the idiots next door were hanging out outside talking loud until I finally got up about 10:30pm and asked them if they were serious! Seems like that's the type of hotel this is. TV was a joke it was so small and old. I wouldn't use the pool if I was on fire! And I wouldn't stay here again if it was free and I was homeless!!!
3	The majority of my early sexual escapades were spent here, and I have bittersweet memories of this place. This location is a nice, cheap hotel in which to spend a night or two. The rooms are kept clean enough and there are a few sketchy people, but hey, it's Tempe. There's sketchy people everywhere. If you want a bed for a bargain, stay here and save some money. Who needs some fancy inn anyway?
1	I've definitely seen better Motel 6's in my lifetime. We stayed for one night after my birthday party at a bar down the road. HUGE MISTAKE. At 105 degrees out, a nice cool room would've been nice, but ours didn't work - AT ALL. The beds were so stiff and uncomfortable - mixed with the heat, none of us slept. The bed linens had burn holes (in a non smoking room) and stains that were hard and crusty, looking super fresh and unwashed from the last guest. Not to mention the stains on the mattress and box spring - SO GROSS. We noticed the next morning that there was a ton of gnats in our window - IN THE ROOM. I will never be staying at this location again.
1	***Experience with customer service only***Being a Motel 6, my expectations were low and my wallet was light, so I was very easy to please. I wasn't expecting a great room or even particularly great service, but I still ended up getting surprised. We arrived in town about 2:00PM, three hours before a 5 o' clock wedding we needed to attend in Paradise Valley (15-20 mins away). We needed a room ASAP, so we could shower and get ready. After spending 20+ mins on hold, trying to make a reservation, I booked online. The room was cheap, reservation confirmed, and would be ready at 3:00PM. We showed up around 3:15. After small talk and pleasantries with the attitude-drenched woman at the front desk:Her: Just to let you know, we won't have a room until after 4. THAT GOES FOR ALL YOU (points at 3-4 people waiting behind me) Me: If we come back in a little while, can we get in the room right at 4? We need to get ready for a wedding. Her: I said AFTER 4, so it'll be AT LEAST 4. Me: OK, can you go ahead and cancel my reservation please. We need a room now. Her: You sure? Pssh, alright. She made zero effort to speak with anybody from the cleaning crew, to give me a more accurate estimate, or showed any interest in pleasing me, the customer. Their service was so bad, I gladly gave my money to the more expensive, but totally worth-it Best Western just down the street.
1	Very rude front desk clerk. Have a smoking room when I requested a non smoking room. Will not be coming back to this one.
2	Damn; this place has gone downhill. If you're a meth or heroin addict looking for a quick fix, hang around this Motel 6 for about five minutes and you'll "see what life's all about." Prostitution and drugs are rampant. If you're actually just looking for a safe motel, pass this place up immediately. If you're looking for drugs, though, this is your place, you criminal you.
