4	Clean, great coaches! I did my 101 essentials training here. They do 10 min talks after each workout regarding diet, stretching, benefits of certain workouts so its quite educational.
4	Popped in while I was on business and had a very good experience.  I'd checked out a variety of websites of CF gyms in the area, and I found CF Eternal to have the best programming (strength and metcon, as well as a sprinkling of named workouts throughout the week).The Gym: Drop in fee was $15 per class/$25 including t-shirt, standard across the CF drop in board. The facility was clean, had spaces for bags and keys, and offered two spotless bathrooms each for men and women.  They're currently expanding, so there was some minor construction, but that's a good thing.  You want to visit a box that has the membership to expand. There's a length of turf, a cage set up/racks central in the front, and rings hanging at regular intervals.   More room in the long section, but didn't get a chance to nose around. Oly plates were stacked with bumper plates, a variety of KB's, and a number of rowers.  It's a well stocked gym.Plenty of bands, plenty of PVC's, lax balls, and foam rollers to stretch out before and afterwards.The WOD: Shorter warm up than I'm used to, but to be honest I prefer shorter warm ups. Plenty of time allotted to complete each section of the workout.  Plenty of time left afterwards to cool down and stretch out. Not in a "this class was run too quickly," but more in a "this class was run correctly, and wasn't trying to get you out early."The Coaches:  I met a few, I don't know if they all planned to wear the same color shirt that day, but I'm pretty sure they all were.  Hey, I like it. It helps identify them.  They were welcoming, and friendly, professional and able to correct you when you made mistakes with movements (as I did).   In fact, even the coaches that weren't running the class were helping individuals, which was great to see.The Members: I was welcomed right as I walked in, met with friendly faces throughout the WOD, and even took a few suggestions for dinner.TL;DR Great  set up, clean bathrooms, welcoming members, knowledgeable staff
5	Dropped in for 2 workouts and they had very friendly and experienced coaches.  Great facilities.   Highly recommended.
5	My home away from home.I've been a member here for 3.5 years, I'm something of a staple at this box. They call me Beer Coach, Msquared, Mark Prime, and the DJ. These coaches know their stuff. I've seen other Crossfit gym complaints and heard about injuries sustained by newer people that had poor guidance. You won't find anything less than dedication, education and awareness in this facility. Your health and well being are of utmost importance in here.But beyond that, its a group of familiar faces that you sweat with, day in and day out. Amazing workouts, challenging but do able.  Excitement, humor, dread, exhaustion, and perseverance reign supreme in this place, and a proper Crossfit gym wouldn't do without any of those attributes. I love this place.
