3	Affordable Dental, the name says it all. I've been going here for about two years because I don't have insurance, and this is all I can afford. I shopped around before I settled on them, and their prices seem to average about 30-50% less than the dentists in my Summerlin neighborhood. Just today I had two cavities filled for $100.How do they achieve such affordable dentistry? By offering bare-bones services and tremendous volume. Fancy waiting room and the latest technology? Nope. Caring staff that takes the time to get to know you and put you at ease? Not here. Cosmetic dentistry to make you look your best? Forget about it. To put it bluntly, this is the dentist for poor people, literally. I've overheard many discussions here centered on what Medicaid will and won't cover. And to be on Medicaid, you have to be SERIOUSLY poor.It seems fitting that they're right next to WalMart, since they serve the same clientele and have much the same approach. They seem to overbook appointments resulting in a very rushed experience. Often, the dentist will be working on two or more patients simultaneously, shuttling between rooms while waiting for anesthesia to take effect or for a hygienist to finish up. Some of the most highly-efficient dentistry I've ever encountered. Henry Ford would be proud.And your dentist is likely to be a foreigner fresh out of dental school. My dentist today didn't bother to introduce himself or ask me if I had any questions or even ask my name. He just got right to work and was done with both fillings in less than 20 minutes. Seeing as I don't go to the dentist to make friends or be entertained, it didn't bother me. But if you're expecting the VIP treatment, you're going to be disappointed.All in all, the work I've had done (nothing more complicated than fillings) has been satisfactory, and the price is right, but I never get more than I pay for.
1	I lived in Vegas for over a year and I went here to have a teeth cleaning. They told me I had four cavities' and at the time I wasn't working so I only had on of the cavities filled and was planning to come back and have the other three cavities filled. Well I moved back to my hometown shortly after and I still needed the so called cavaties filled so went  to my trusted lifelong family dentist I've been seeing for fifteen years. Turns out I had ZERO cavities ( he looked at the x rays sent from Affordable Dental and even took a few new ones) and the one filling I got was not necessary.They drilled out  my tooth for NO REASON. I was SO upset and I couldn't believe a place that  Affordable Dental claims to be affordable and honest and would lie to me and drill a tooth that didn't need to be drilled just to get my MONEY. Crocked dentist! I would never go to this place again and I am trying to figure out how to turn them in for falsifying my dental records which my dentist has the proof of. DONT GO HERE THEY WILL TELL YOU YOU NEED WORK WHEN YOU DO NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I dont know where to even begin.  I didnt even make it into a room before i lost my patience and had to walk out.  When i first called to schedule my appointment everything seemed fine. Be there 15 mins early for paperwork, which is normal for a new patient.  Got there 15 mins early as asked and waited 15 mins just to get the paperwork. No greeting or welcome to our office. Small tiny waiting room. There was nowhere  for me to sit either. The place was packed with tons of people just sitting there waiting. There was kids running in and out of the back with no supervision, people yelling and blocking the door to get in and out of office. Very unprofessional place and it is run like a circus.After being there for over a hour waiting past my appointment time. The lady at desk said sorry it will be another 20-30 mins to get you in the X-ray room. Really? My appointment was at 2:00 pm and i would not get in a X-ray room till 3:30? What kind of ghetto place is this.  Every dentist i have been to in the past has capability of doing X-rays in every room they sit people. Finally after watching some 15 year old kid who was there with no parents or anything feeling up his girlfriend in the waiting room i decided enough was enough. I got up told the kid to have some respect and manners, told the lady the place was ran like a zoo and to cancel my appointment. I have never seen a dental office run so poorly. I do not recommend going here unless you need to kill 5 hours or something.
5	Dr. Leila is the best dentist I have ever had. The office staffs are very nice and it is very clean. I had a tooth extraction; I asked Dr. Leila when you are going to start. She replied it is done and had very fast recovery. Thank you Dr. leila.
