5	Great bike shop! Couldn't be at better location. Well...maybe in the same plaza but closer to the corner where all bikers head out to Red Rock would've been better. ^^ Such a friendly service and knowledgeable guys work there, who are not snobby and guys who understands cyclists. Definitely the new bike shop to go to for more higher end bikes!
2	Decent selection very mediocre assistance from staff. Best thing about this shop is that it is open on Sundays. If you need assistance on another day I would try somewhere else.
3	I had a bike sitting around my garage which I had taken out a few times, but wanted to make sure was road worthy. I visited a couple of different shops to check tune up pricing and the shops themselves to get a sense of them, and almost went with Procyclery when a coworker of mine recommended Broken Spoke, which is near my workplace. The shop was well organized, I was helped quickly, and it turned out they had the cheapest tune up price. My gripe was with the service: nobody questioned me on what was wrong with the bike, they didn't look at it prior to taking it to even evaluate whether it needed anything done, and it just lacked the friendliness and willingness to assist and inform that I found at Procyclery. I picked my bike up the next day, and the guy who helped me paused before giving it back because he noticed he had to make more adjustments to it.  While I'm glad he caught it, it made me nervous as to what else may have been left loose or unfinished which he may not have been able to check. I would have felt more at ease had everything been complete and ready for pick up, rather than finished on the fly. I was rung up quickly while another customer was chatted up. Perhaps I just didn't come across as friendly?Next time I need something done, I think I will try another shop before returning to Broken Spoke.
4	I am so pleased to have this new bicycle shop in my neighborhood.  I took my bike here yesterday to find out the reason for multiple flats with the front tire.  The young man at the store replaced the wheel liner to protect the tube from the spots where the spokes connect to the wheel.  Then he showed me the under side of the tube.  A hole was there from where the connection rubbed the tube and caused yet another flat.The price was less than other shops charge for less work and it was done on the spot.  Having this shop in the neighborhood means I can ride my bike there and walk home when I take it in for a tuneup.  When ready, I can walk back and then ride the bike path back home.I certainly am glad I went here yesterday instead of returning to my previous bike store.  This was much better!
4	This is a great new shop near my home - very clean, convenient and responsive!  Shop manager Kyler has helped me several times including a bad shipping experience that he handled very effectively!  I also bought my Orbea road bike here a few months ago - which I love - and got fitted on my tri bike by Kyler who used the Retul system - awesome!!  He's the man!  Every experience has been positive and he's been very responsive!   And, they are the most convenient shop located at the "base" of Charleston Road leading to Red Rock Canyon.
5	I joined the Broken Spoke ride Saturday morning and one of the shop guys noticed that my rear wheel was not true and needed to be balanced. After the ride the he was able to take a quick look and make the necessary adjustments. No wobble and perfectly smooth! Can't ask for more, made me feel like I was family. Thanks!
4	I'm in the market to purchase a bike and as I was making my rounds to the different shops I stopped here and talked to Dave McDonough. Very friendly, low pressure and gave great advice. I will truly consider buying a bike from this shop.
1	Showed up last Saturday 4-6-13 looking to buy my family 3 good quality bikes We walked in and there was one customer being helped with their tire and we stood there for 20+ minutes looking at the bikes and the guy working there didn't even acknowledge we were there. He was to busy with this tire he couldn't even say Hello or I will be with you in a few moments.  I guess fixing a tire is more important that making $3K+ dollars in bikes salesThis was my 2nd bike store in Summerlin I visited on the same day and they both had HORRIBLE customer service, What ever happened to good customer service? I will never step foot in this place again and make sure I tell my friends where I purchased my bikes and was happy about spending $3K+If you need to know where to buy good quality bikes you can message me.
3	There are quite a few bike shops on my side of town and Broken Spoke is the newest one.  It has a great location in the Albertsons shopping center at W. Charleston and Desert Foothills, where many cyclists park their vehicles before heading out for rides to Red Rock, Blue Diamond, and beyond.  I decided to try them out and brought my tri bike in for a tune-up.  I told them that the front tube needed replacing and that my bike computer needed to be looked at-probably just some adjustment needed since it wasn't reading cadence, only MPH.  The bike was ready for pick-up three days later and I'm satisfied with the tune-up, as well as the tube change.  The bike computer is still not working and no one mentioned that when I picked it up, so that's a bit frustrating since that was a big part of what I wanted fixed.  The customer service is also a bit lacking; when I went to pick up the bike, there were two employees there and neither one acknowledged me when I arrived.  Granted, I realize that you may be busy with other customers, but basic customer service warrants a "Hello," or, "We'll be right with you."  Because of its convenient location, I'll probably return if I need something like a tube or chain lube in a pinch, but there are other bike shops I'd go to for maintenance.
5	So far I've had 4 Interactions with the team @ BSB. All positive. But, today is what really took the cake and they earned a customer for as long as I'm on two wheels. They have always been super helpful and answered any questions I had. My first time using them I went there since they open at 9AM ! Schaweeet. All the other shops open at 10AM. This is a major positive.  What if a cyclist needs a part or some specific only found at a bike shop as early as possible? This place has you covered an hour earlier than the other guys. 1st visit, Didn't buy anything but was promptly taken care of and questions were answered without issue. 2nd Visit, I was contemplating a road bike purchase and Brandon suggested I rent one for a day and I see how I liked it vs. a mountain bike. They hooked me up with a nice bike and they checked it fully before giving it to me. I had some bad luck on the road and popped 2 tubes while out, they give you a saddle bag with some tools a tube and C02. When I got back to the shop to return the bike and told Brandon I only got two miles in and popped 2 tubes you could tell he felt for me. Upon offering to pay for the tubes (as in the rental contract) Brandon declined and wouldn't let me give him a cent! That was awesome considering I didn't get hardly any time on the bike. I bought some Clipless pedals and shoes that day, and they were helpful in sizing me for the cycling shoe as they run smaller than typical shoes. 3rd visit, They were having an awesome sale and I got TONS of parts dirt cheap. I spent a little too much that day! Brandon answered my questions thoroughly as some new technology has emerged since I last enjoyed biking. I went home and checked prices vs. my receipts and on everything I got better than online pricing! Awesome. 4th visit, went back to get a chain installed as my chain tool sucks ( They offered to install it when I bought the chain on the third visit if I couldn't do it myself ) Since this was for a restomod BMX Build, it needed some custom fitting to get everything working properly. Darren spent a good amount of time making sure the bike was just right and he even had to break out the power tools to finish some of what I started. He caught some sparking metal to the face while doing it, but kept pushing on to finish it. When I left my restomod BMX was complete and I left feeling as Darren went above and beyond to help me out today. There is only ONE thing I would love to see there. Specialized bikes. I've only ridden Specialized bikes since I was a kid and I stick with the brand. I wish they were a Specialized dealer. It sucks cause I have to go to LVC if I want a new bike from that brand. Thanks for everything guys!
5	GREAT local bike shop. I showed up last week to rent a bike. Top notch all the way. Great service, great prices, great selection of high performance road rentals. I look forward to going back. Thanks guys
4	I love having this so close to my house. It is nice to get my bikes serviced here. They also have a great selection of bikes and extras you can buy.I have noticed after reading the other reviews that I was not alone in feeling that the customer service is not great here. You would think it would be excellent since they are the only neighborhood store in the area. The workers seem to have a little bit of a snotty attitude. I hope this is not because they think this is the only store people will go to. Because don't worry, people with bikes will travel.Putting aside the attitudes, I did have my bikes serviced here and they did a good enough job for me to return. The prices were in line with other shops and they got the work done in a timely manner.I hope the management reads these reviews and takes the advice in to consideration. It really is a nice bike store and I hope it stays in business. It would be a shame to go under because of non friendly workers. If you are in the bike world, I would definitely give this place a look.
2	I am not a biker. I'm a wife and mom who wanted to get our bikes ready for the spring and summer. This place is close to home and is fairly priced. I was appalled at how I was treated. I stood in the store for 30 minutes, by the register, just waiting for someone to acknowledge me.  The store employee was talking to a "real" biker and could see me but never even offered a hello or we'll be with as soon as we can. I'm not an irrational person, I understand waiting for help, but to ignore me entirely is just poor customer service. When I was finally given service they treated me like I was in the way and bothering them with my simple tube replacement on three bikes. I was told I would get a call when they were ready, I had to call them. When I went to pick up my bikes I stood around for another 30 minutes while the TWO store employees took care of all the bikers around me. Again, not even so much as a hello until they were ready to help me. Now, the pricing is fair and they work quickly, however the impression I got was they only want to work with the pro bikers and tourists. The mom coming in with family bikes only takes time away from more important business. I will not take my bikes to this store again. I'll pay a few extra dollars for kindness and acknowledgement....somewhere else!
5	Got a flat on the way to red rock, these guys were super helpful. I had a flat kit by the tube and 2 cans of CO2 proved useless and broken. I really liked how they didn't make me feel like an idiot and they gave great service. Prices on the items I purchased (tube and functional co2) were less expensive than what I have paid before and they helped me,pick a CO2 that made more sense to use. Made sure I was safe to get home too, A plus.
1	Walked in, waited for 10 minutes before anyone even said "hi". Ok, got it - they are "busy".  After the half-ass "hi", waited another 5 minutes before we could get an answer to our mountain biking question. Basically the usual uptight road bike shop. No dice, they don't know bikes the way I want my bike shop to know them. Found another bike store on Yelp, have my shop now!
5	Prior to going into Broken Spoke Bikes, I had gone to 7 other local bike shops selling Giant bikes. I finally made the drive out to BSB and spoke with Darren. I had very specific requests that were time sensitive and Darren had absolutely no problem accommodating these requests. Even though he went way out of his way for me he never complained or had any issues with me. I plan to come back in the future and I definitely recommend this place to everyone.
1	Idk if this is common in most bike shops, but I was ignored as I walked in. Soon as a white dude came it, he was asked how he was doing and how he could be helped. I get this often. I'm a trans person of color and try to support places that not only include folks like me in the staff but at the very least notice we exist.  All I wanted were some tubes.
1	Holy crap don't go here.  I bought a mountain bike here for my bf as a Christmas present spent like $500 there, then I brought that back in for a free tune up (as recommended) along with my older bike.  2 weeks pass, no one bothers to call us (as they said they would when the bikes are ready), so I call them and some surly guy states yes you can pick them up.  When we get there there're 2 employees working in bikes behind the desk, no one said hello.  They were too busy being enamored with this other bike geek customer there to give a crap about us.  Another customer who is also being ignored was like "guess they can't see you." Minutes pass and finally we're acknowledged, they give us our bikes without saying a word, nothing about what was done, didn't offer to adjust them for us or anything.  Look, we're clearly novices here, some explanation and a walk around on a $120 service would be nice.  I would give them zero stars if I could,  I went here because it's close but I will drive anywhere else next time to avoid dealing with these people.
5	I enjoyed taking my bike in for a tune up. They made it easy, as I live across town. I would go again.
5	Great to have a shop nearby.  Not a lot of inventory, but great for servicing.  Love that these guys let me bring in components I buy on the web and they do the install/build.  No upselling or pressure!Great guys doing great work for a fair price!
5	The staff gets overwhelmed when there are lots of customers, but, it's a small bike shop, with a very friendly, knowledgeable staff and take the time to share their knowledge about equipment, local rides and trails. My wife bought a couple of bike shorts and t-shirt and some needed tire irons. I'd make this place MY LBS for sure!
5	These guys could not have been nicer when I rented a bike for 3 days recently. They found a tall frame Giant bike and set it up for me in no time flat. My daughter lives in Summerln and bringing a bike from my home in New Mexico is difficult. Great to know I can rent an excellent bike so reasonably.  You're going to love this shop
