5	I have to believe someone is moving every day in C/U. Why is there only one review total for all moving companies in this area? Rate your movers - it's helpful. Well, it would have been helpful had I had a chance to read any reviews. I did a pretty good evaluation of my options but still ultimately decided on a non-licensed mover. I still don't see it as a personality flaw on my part, as the owner of TM&AT seemed to think. He gave me an "I-told-you-so" lecture when he realized who I originally booked with. It's true, non licensed moving companies are basically scofflaws and I was well aware. Unfortunately, that decision bit me in the ass. The company was nowhere to be found on the morning of my move. Fortunately... Two Men and a Truck was very accommodating. I had a previous estimate on file with them and they were able to work me into their schedule within 36 hours (luckily, I did have a cushion of time before my lease was up). My movers were friendly and conscientious of their work. I didn't move far but I felt my items were packed securely. I would have no trouble recommending these movers and will use them again when the time comes. I am mainly rating the friendliness of Laura, who seemed to be the main office person, and my movers, James and ?name? (sorry!), and their work. They are getting 5 *s from me since in spite of a haughty owner, they did a 5* job.
1	I called this company.  They were friendly & scheduled an assessment with us.  I took the day off of work to meet them only to have them not show up.  When I called to find out where they were, they said their corporate office was down so they "lost" all their appointments.  We rescheduled and my husband took the day off only to have a 2nd no show.  They then sent us an email thanking us for our business.  The experience was very disorganized, and I wouldn't rely on them to actually show up!  No thanks....
3	Hi actually I just want someone to confirm their rate of $99 per hour thanks.
5	Moved in May of this year and they were wonderful....They over quoted with was great as that way I know just how much was needed ...But the best news was they came way under quote.....saved me $300.00 . Super fast and great movers Cant say enought about them . Will use them again if I ever need moving........Thanks
1	I filled out their online form to get a quote, and received a confirmation email to let me know they were "already working on my request."  And that was it - I never heard back from them, never even got a quote.
4	I hired this company to move across town.  They were friendly on the phone, their prices were great and they showed up right on time.  Everything was loaded safely, nothing was broken.  I have used them twice now and would use them again.
