5	This is a great specialty pharmacy.  They are caring and very helpful.
1	Apothocary Shops...now Avella Specialty Pharmacy....well it was great when was Apothocary Shops, very attentive and never had a problem filling a prescription, then when it switched to Avella, EVERYTHING went wrong!!! Suddenly my prescriptions couldn't be filled here in Vegas any longer?? Not sure what that's about??  They had to be filled in AZ...talk about a flakey pharmacy and mailed to me.  They couldn't get the prescription right the first month, second month they tripled my co payment??  Now it's time for my prescription to be filled for the 3rd month and this morning they tell me they can't fill it because they don't have the medicine and won't have it for another week!!!  Really???  I'M DONE!!!!  I found a more reputable specialty pharmacy today that is clearly on the ball (thank you Partell)   I would never recommend Avella to anyone!!  Not professional AT ALL!!CS
1	When it was Apothecary, my meds were sent on time and everything was great.  The second it went to Avella, nothing but issues.  I originally planned for my meds to be to mailed to me.  A couple of times, they were late because of their negligence.  Several months later, I did not receive my monthly supply and called, only to be notified that they had not received permission from my doctor for the refills, only to find out it was lie.  Next, I was told they didn't contact me because "there was a glitch with their system".  This month, I, once again, did not receive my meds for the exact same reason as before.Avella, you are playing with people's health and their lives and I will not let you gamble with my health anymore.
5	I have had excellent experiences with Avella. They do refills very quickly. The meds that have to be made elsewhere were overnight shipped to my home. As for the cost of meds, clearly specialty meds are expensive but Avella has helped me locate coupons and allowed me to reuse the coupons again and again, saving me quite a bit of money. In addition, the location is very centrally located. Only negative is a very small parking lot out front, but that's no big deal. I'm very pleased and the staff is pleasant.
4	I used Avella because they had to compound meds that I couldn't get at other pharmacies in the valley. They were very patient with me as I sorted out issues and miscommunications with my doctor's office and insurance company. They were always kind and very tolerant over the phone as I asked questions (many of them over and over) and were very easy to work with. They had convenient options for getting my medications to me on time... free delivery to my home or doctor's office or pickup from the pharmacy... One of the other reviewers mentioned that they helped her locate coupons. I wish they had done that for me as I had expressed concern about the cost of these prescriptions not covered by insurance, but didn't know whether or not coupons existed (and still don't, so maybe this is a moot point). One star off because one of the medications did not come with an information pamphlet (yes, I actually do read those, LOL), although I've been told by out of state friends that they didn't get one for the same prescription, so maybe it's up to the doctor to educate the patient for this particular medication. Overall this is a nice establishment to deal with, which is great because it's apparently the only place in the valley where I could have gotten these prescriptions filled.
