4	Right across the World's End is a bar that is specialising in Real Ales, but also serving great whiskies and draft ciders (which are warm BTW, as Anita A. wondered where the bubbles and ice were..) . I tried a Caledonian Deuchards (3.8%ABV) and a Darker Ale 1703. Both very enjoyable. Anita A. had the Scrumpy Original DraftThe bar comes over as 'local brown' but bright and airy. Benches under the huge windows and big drinking tables. There were a few locals when I visited, but this being the Royal Mile there is no escape from tourists.  Their food menu is authentic and mostly Scottish. They even proudly claim that every haggis served is locally caught this morning. I like that. :o) On my visit there was a group of 30 French school trip children being treated to a sit down meal in the back area, consisting of Hot Dogs, chips and soda-pops. Yummy! There is one flat screen TV (about 30") above the entrance and it was showing Wimbledon - but the sound was muted and chart  music was softly playing in the background - that way you could enjoy the use of most of your senses and still hold a conversation.. The central bar area is inviting and the banter with the bar staff was good. They are very knowledgeable on the drink they serve and even give you a taster of what you might fancy drinking next!The bar is clean, uncluttered (unlike other 'brown' pubs I visited in the same area. Their toilets are well maintained, clean again uncluttered - bar a few posters advertising a pub quiz. Funny thing about this pub quiz is that they call it the No Mobiles or Google  Pub Quiz.  Wifi connection is free and fast. I enjoyed it here and when on the Royal mile I will certainly consider visiting again.
3	A big ol' pile of meh.The bar looks fantastic, with the back dining area emulating a cross between a library and cigar club where men played pool and matters of state were discussed over fine whiskey. They also have some fine ales on draught.But the food? Abysmal.You can close your eyes and walk smack into a decent pub in Edinburgh if you only want a pint. But quality eats are a different beast. No. 1 has a few sorry faux-American items (like hot dogs and curly fries) and more traditional pub fare like fish n' chips and a roast on Sundays, but nothing I or my party ordered left much of a positive impression.
2	Well its now 14.40. Now this bar is similar to the Mitre, except I am the only one in the place.3 bar staff on. Who they expecting? The Scotland rugby team?There's not much I can say about the place. Nice clean bar, a wee bit cheaper than the Mitre. I wouldn't come back here. Its definately changed over the years.I feel intimidated with more staff than customers. Ah well.. will finish my drink and find somewhere else. Hey ho.. Time to go!
4	Stumbled in here for "one for the road" the other day. I was pleasantly surprised, given it's location on the Mile. It's clean & bright & airy. The bar staff are friendly. They have a good selection of beers and nice choices on draft. Haven't tried the food but saw some dishes being brought out and they looked like decent pub grub.
4	This venue was lovely, had the fish and chips with pickled onion, it was delicious, large portion of food with a great atmosphere.
5	Great tastings from the waitress! Also very good food. I had the beef and Guinness of course. And it was delicious! Super friendly waitress! Very cool!  Right across from the Worlds End. Google it...good story! Bottom of the Royal Mile.
