5	This is in the space that used to be Diego's in the MGM grand. We were impressed by the service (knowledgeable and friendly), flavors (traditional Sonoran) and overall value. It's hard to find a family meal in a strip hotel these days that's good quality but doesn't set you back well over $100. Hecho is just opening and so they are working a few kinks out, but don't miss the table-side prepared guacamole and / or their ginormous nachos!
5	Not sure why there are two profiles on here but I posted to the other one... To reiterate this place is awesome! Check it out and it seems good for large parties. Lots of different "atmospheres" available in the same space. Food was great!
5	I have never loved going to dinner with my mother in law so much. She treated us to Hecho's and everything about the night was perfect. Excellent and attentive service. Spectacular food made exactly how asked for, and delicious appetizers! Any tourists that go through the MGM MUST stop and try it. The rolling guacamole cart (made directly in front of you) is to die for! Just a wonderful night with a full thanks to the Hecho's staff! Can't wait to eat it again!
1	I heard about this restaurant when I was visiting friends in Tucson, Arizona where I dined at El Charro restaurant.  Tucson is the Mexican Food capitol of the United States and one of the best restaurants (and there are many) is El Charro! El Charro has been in business since 1922 and for good reason.  I was so excited to see an article posted on the wall saying they just opened up in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand but under the name of Hechos En Las Vegas! I told my kids, my brothers, my sister and we had a group of 14 people very excited to finally have good Mexican food in Las Vegas.  The servers were very nice and we were excited to tell them that we were originally from Tucson and looking forward to the food.  The first sign that things were not going to taste like El Charro was the chips and salsa.  This was definitely not El Charro's salsa.  It was thick and had a hint of "tex-mex" in the flavor.  Then we got our menu's.  This was definitely not the menu I was expecting.  I had even called the original El Charro in Tucson and asked if it was their recipes and menu... and they told me yes.  Well, it appears to me that the Las Vegas crew thought they knew better than a 92 year old restaurant and they changed everything.  Which is ironic since our waiter told us that he previously worked at another Mexican restaurant in MGM and they closed it down.  Duh!  It probably sucked and yet they had the same crew make a bunch of changes to this Mexican food concept.  Everyone in our party said that their food was very dry.  They hardly put any enchilada sauce on the food. And my enchilada plate had some kind of pickled cole slaw/cabbage thing on it (what?) along with very dry Spanish rice and black beans.  Black beans?  This plate should have had the amazing re-fried beans that you finish eating with chips at the end of your meal because you just can't leave a drop on your plate.  To add insult to injury, our bill was $465! We had very below average Mexican food at 4 start pricing.  The only thing that was good was the guacamole that they made table side. Everything else was a disgrace to the El Charro name - at least they didn't use the real name of the restaurant they were supposedly modeling after!  Unless someone from the real restaurant comes in and changes everything soon, I predict that this restaurant won't last very long.
5	Can you say da bomb diggity!!! Excellent food and service. The food is fresh and the service from the staff is top notch. Had the bandera chicken burrito...moist meat and a tortilla that melts in your mouth. Will be back soon for surezn
5	It's very hard to find good Mexican food in Vegas - especially good Sonoran style - but Hecho nails it. Being from Tucson, I'm very familiar with Sonoran style, and familiar with the family who partnered to open Hecho. The food takes me back home instantly. I especially enjoyed the enchiladas banderas. Prices are a little up there but not out of line for a Vegas restaurant. Overall, great place to enjoy some great food!
4	Hecho en Vegas is not your traditional Mexican food. It's a bit "kicked up." Some will like it and some will not.My favorite part is the bar and bartenders. Perhaps I'm bias toward this location because of my old friends behind the bar. I love the tequila flights and Mojito's (raspberry, blueberry and tequila). Is tequila a flavor?I'll return because I'm a Mojito freak and like the "off the beaten path" location. Yes, yes, and the bartenders.
5	Service was fantastic! Fresh guacamole made table side. Food was very good. Prices were reasonable.
3	Hecho is a cougar den with weird hours and spotty service. If you want some unusual people watching and an afternoon margarita, it's fine. If you want something else, there are much better options in the MGM complex.
5	I loved the fajitas. Not only was the presentation great the steak and shrimp were very juicy with lots of flavor. Server Jose was very nice and attentive. The manager stopped by and ask how things were and overall it was a place I'd go again.
3	This place was ok. The food was pretty average but hit the spot when I needed it. The black beans were the best part of the meal,they had quite a kick. beef enchiladas were cool. Nothing really to write home about but if you want quick Mexican food this is the place. Oh and the drinks were weak. Won't rush back here.
1	This used to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas. However, let me tell you, this was when Hecho En Vegas was called Diego. I went to dinner here with my family and noticed the name change, but assumed the food was the same...WRONG. First off, we had to stand around and wait over 45 minutes to be seated. I know Saturdays must be busy, but the wait was way too long for the quality of the food. When we were finally seated, our order was taken after a while and it took them forever to bring us our food. I mean, another hour or so. By the time they brought us guacamole, we were done with the chips and were starving. The food arrived and it was very small portions for the most part, compared to how it used to be. The enchiladas were my favorite when they were Diego's. That's the reason I came back as well as for the service. Needless to say, the change was for the worst. Everything was different and didn't compare to how it used to be. The service was nothing special and was super slow. I was extremely disappointed in the change. By the end of the night we were all just ready to leave and waited another 30 minutes to get the check so we could leave. We were there for about 3 hours and most of that time was spent waiting. None of us were happy about the change. I will not be returning. Bring Diego's back!!!
2	Decided to not eat all day. Flew to Vegas and made our 9:30 reservations. The table side guacamole was good. Drinks were ok but very small and very expensive. Entrees were shrimp fahitas, and short rib burritos. Both were ok but nothing you couldn't get at any cheap mexican joints. Wait staff was top drawer.
4	I came here last night for a private group event, so we had apps + margs & sangria.Honestly, I've had much better Mexican food. This is basically a step up from El Segundo or some other Mexican chain. I tried the bacon wrapped shrimp, chips & guac & salsa, quesadillas, & soft tacos. Also, this used to be the old Diego but it looks like they took down a few walls on the outside to make the space appear more inviting and make it look larger. Diego seemed pretty closed off.The reason for the 4-stars is because the service and servers were nothing short of awesome. Very personable, always coming around with food and drink refills. Making great rapport with everyone and cracking jokes, making sure our glasses (literally) were never half empty. Service is a huge factor to me when dining out, and this place just killed it. Felicidades!
2	We made reservations here since there was a lot of activity at the MGM Grand, as I am sure there always is.  We waited a few minutes to be seated in the bar area.  Was a little disappointed since we did make a reservation.  And being it was "happy hour" time, most of the patrons around us were "happy hour" partakers.  Our server was pleasant but the service was extremely slow.  We were almost done with our chips and salsa by the time he came over to take our order.  We knew we wanted to try the table side guacamole, so we ordered that and he ran away before asking or taking our drink order.  When he came back to take our drink order, he ran away again.  We were ready to order our entrees, but he literally could only take one order at a time.  The table side guacamole was very good.  A good amount of avacodos, onion, cilantro, tomatoes and salt. We ordered margaritas, mine was a frozen, prickly pear, and raspberry margarita on the rocks.  Both were very refreshing.  Since we filled up on chips and salsa and guacomole, we shared fajitas.  We had a chicken and shrimp combo.  You have the choice of flour or corn shell tortillas.  We got flour tortillas, and there was three small ones.  The shrimp was very good, and had a mesquite seasoning.  The chicken had some pink spots on it which kind of concerned me.  We needed to get to a show and was looking for our server to get the bill.  When he got to our table, we gave him a card, and he disappeared for a while.  When he finally came back he said the credit card machine was down so had to take a carbon copy of it.  However when I was walking out, I saw other peoples bills being delivered I saw their's were done the modern way.  I didn't have time to ask why my receipt was the old school kind. The next day we went down to the restaurant to ask if their machine went down last night, no one could give us a straight answer.  It was a little suspect if you ask me.  There are plenty better establishments to go to while in LV.
4	I would agree with a lot of the previous reviewers about the service as I will agree it's not great.  The restaurant is really large so even though they have a lot of staff they struggle to keep up with how big the place is.  On to what I consider much more important the food: We got the tableside guacamole which was really good.  The salsas weren't to my friends liking so they made a special really hot salsa that was what my friends wanted.  For entrees we got the steak fajitas which was above average, carnitas chimichanga which was huge and tasted like a barbeque pork chimichanga which my friend liked and the tamale trio which looked good.  Overall a pretty good place just be a little bit patient
4	Delicious Mexican food with high quality ingredients. I definitely recommend the table side guacamole and the fajitas (the steak came out cooked perfectly!).I'll be back!
3	food was ok (i don't ask for much when it comes to tex-mex) but service was soo horribly slow that day.
2	A bunch of my friends went out on the town one evening and decided to give this new restaurant a chance since we were craving Mexican food. Let me just say it was a disaster! First we started of with table side guacamole made by a lady named Trini. She was very rude and unfriendly. I didn't think you could mess up guacamole but it was just very salty and not very tasty. Our server was Daniel and pardon my French but he was a douche. He was not very informative about the menu and rolled his eyes at us quite a few times. His personality was just very rude. The only standout of this place was Eric who delivered our food and even came back to check on us even though he wasn't our server. He's the only one who seemed to care about our table. Definitely keep Eric but the other 2 you could do without. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the food was mediocre.
4	The shredded beef nachos were incredible. We ordered the fish tacos & they were way too salty. I told the waiter in a respectful way that I wouldn't recommend that dish. He saw that we didn't eat them & came back with the tacos off of our bill, no questions asked. Great service, I would come back again.
1	Disappointed.  Small portion for the money.  Tortillas were hard and cold.  And our server was too busy flirting with 60 something old ladies.  He didn't even offer to refill my soda.  I even had to go find him to pay.   1 star is for the ok food.   Service would get a zero
3	Decent Mexican food. Salsa is kinda weak. Black beans are good. Ate at the bar for quick servicio amigo.
5	I have been here for happy hour margaritas and appetizers two years in a row. Both visits were great. The service at the bar was exceptional and the food was much more traditional than what I expected. This isn't tex mex, people - the flavor is much more fresh and I always feel great after leaving and ready to continue my vegas tyrants. Our bartender was very friendly and maybe a bit too concerned as to whether we were enjoying the food and drinks; but that would probably be an excellent aspect to someone else. I definitely recommend this place.
2	If you like Mexican food, do not come here. Staff was friendly and the food arrived quick, but the food was bland and I knew at first bite that it wasn't any good
4	Amazing food! I'm a bit surprised that other people have reviewed the service as being poor. Maybe I happened to get a great waiter. If the owners/managers for Hecho reads this, I just want you to know that Dana was a fantastic waiter. If you order the guacamole, they make it right at your table and it was so damn good!Now to be fair, I don't have a lot of experience with non-Taco Bell Mexican food so I don't know if the food is objectively amazing or not. But I loved it. The portions were generous.
5	Amazing tostada salad! I ordered it with chicken, and it was too much food. I could have done without the meat. I ordered the sangria, which was good, but it didn't come with any fruit. My husband had the enchiladas with white sauce that was amazing. Great food, but the service we got was amazing!!!!! I would definitely return.
5	I love this place! Food was amazing! I had the beef pizza so good I never thought I would be able to eat it on my own but it was so good I did! Haha The Guacamole Is to Die For Amazing! Service was great! Will definitely be coming back :D
2	I had the Beef Chimichanga and it tasted like Chinese fried rice wrapped in a tortilla that absorbed the taste of a frier that has not had the oil changed in a while.
2	The food was very good. The service was very bad. Rather than listing all the specifics let me just say that it was bad enough that it ruined the experience. I would try it again but never on a Saturday night when there's a big show at the MGM. Maybe when it's less busy it would better.
3	So we went here for dinner and we thought the food would be really good, but we were disappointed. So we ordered an appetizer and their fresh guacamole; the queso fundido and the chicken quesadilla was amazing so we couldn't wait for are main entree. The entree looked really good but as soon as we tasted it they weren't that good as the appetizers. My boyfriend and I ordered Carne asada burrito with no black beans inside and the meet didn't have any flavored and inside of the burrito is mostly rice. And the rice also didn't taste like anything. The service was good because we had three server. But overall the food was disappointing.
3	Came here on our last night and vegas and had a great meal between 4 of us. By this point we had eaten quite alot through out the day so we each split a dish. Fajitas for 2 and Enchiladas for the other 2. That with the tableside guacamole was more than enough for us. The flavors in all the dishes were great, the atmosphere was great and our waiter was always attentive. Overall a great place and I would go back.
4	Hecho is so delicious! Went there two weeks ago during a birthday trip to vegas. And I ordered the chicken nachos. They were perfectly done. And perfect flavor. And the table side guacamole was amazing! They make it fresh right in front of you and I thought that was a nice touch. But beware they DO charge an extra fee for that. And they don't tell you anything about the fee until the bill comes. Sorta sneaky? lol But it isn't very expensive. So wasn't a huge deal unless your really pinching pennies. And its worth every penny once you taste how good it is. All the staff there were extremely kind and helpful as well. Only complaint, and this part has nothing to do with my meal. LOL Was afterwards went to the bathroom and saw a waitress that worked there, use the restroom & then she walked right out without washing her hands. Im just thankful she wasn't the chef! But that was gross to see. Other than that, Hecho is a great spot for good mexican food in vegas for a reasonable price!
1	2 words.  food poisoningHusband and I visited Vegas at ate at Hecho on 5/27. We shared a carne asada .About 3 hrs after we ate we experienced severe gastrointestinal problems. My husband had non stop vomiting... so much that we spent that night and into the morning at a disgusting and dirty ER. We were bed ridden the next 2 days. Anyone else experience this?!!
4	Was a little hesitant since the reviews avg a 3, but I give it a 4. You have to get the guacamole made fresh at your table side. We asked for it spicy, and it still could have been hotter, but oh my, it was delicious! The chips were ok, but I did not like either of the salsas they put on the table.  This is why I can't give them a 5. I ordered the 3 chimichanga appetizer and it was good...especially the beef one. However it came with little diced onions all over it, so be warned if you don't like raw onions. The menu didn't say onions, so I did have the opportunity to say hold them. Now you do!  ;)
5	Been going to this place for years, great food and drinks, ask for the 702 HOT Sauce. This is the craziest hottest hot sauce you will ever I mean EVER!!!!
2	Please bring back Diego's!!! Diego's used to be my hubby's & I's go-to restaurant when we stayed at MGM. It was so tasty and had amazing deals. My how times have changed! We live in San Diego, so we have the authority to critique Mexican food. Diego's was grub, but Hecho took ten giant leaps towards "On the Border" status, yuck. We went to Hecho last night and ordered the following: $7 margarita, guac, wings, street tacos, and the tres carnes enchiladas. Pretty good happy hour deals. The drink was standard in quality, but was served in a pint glass (not used to that). The guac was not table side, but looked fresh. It was ok, big chunks of avocado. The strange thing was, it had this funky effervescence. Some strange tingly sensation! (Maybe something to keep the guac from going brown when they made it ahead of time?) still edible, just weird. The wings were really good, I would recommend them. Thank goodness we got them or my poor hubby would not have been satiated. The three tacos were also pretty standard - nothing great. The meat was sub-par but, again, edible. They could use a special sauce or salsa. The street tacos are a fairly small plate as they don't come with beans or rice, FYI. Finally, the tres carnes enchiladas - they were sad. The meats were carne asada (which tasted like jerky), shredded beef (which tasted like rope), and carnitas (which was actually really good!). The enchiladas were dry not only because the meat tasted like it was sitting in uncovered hotel pans for 16-18 hours but also because there was not enough sauce or cheese. For being one of the most hyped plates on the menu, it was just depressing. Let me say that I really like the new decor and remodel. But I wish they remodeled the place and not the menu. When my husband and I left, we discussed the changes & I asked him, "Don't you feel like we just left On the Border?"  This place may satisfy some people who don't know guac about quality Mexican food - but this place, in short, is NO BUENO.
4	We were big fans of Diego's, as it seems many on this site were, so we were sad to see it go but willing to try the new venue. It was decent enough. The service was excellent. The queso fundido was AMAZING with the mushrooms! I had enchiladas and my husband had a burrito and both were very good. I do miss Diego's mix of salsas and salts and think Diego's was a little more authentic, but this was good and we will be back. Much better than several other Mexican restaurants on the Strip.
5	Had Dana as our waitress outstanding service had fajitas shrimp and chicken incredible ask for extra tortillas. Tortillas soup very good and burrito is enormous bring an appetite.  One of the best Mexican restaurants in Vegas. Make a reservation this place is crazy busy and you can make reservation on yelp. Great job by entire staff.
5	My husband and I walked by this place 7 or 8 times, and finally decided to try it one night when we felt like the walk to the Luxor for Tacos & Tequila was going to take too long (I was getting hangry, and food needed to be acquired ASAP).  We had been laughing about the serious lack of customer service we had been receiving all over Las Vegas, but when we came to Hecho, we were really please with the hospitality we received.  Roberto was our server and he was awesome.  I got the Hecho Casa margarita on the rocks, my hubs got a shot of Don Julio and a Modelo Especial.  We got the table side guac, and it was amazing!  I worked in a Mexican restaurant for 3 years, so I am pretty picky about my guac.  We asked for it to be on the mild side, and it was heavenly.  We split the steak fajitas (also amazing) and they gave us flour and corn tortillas since we preferred different types.  The steak was perfect, really juicy and tender.  We had been thinking that the guac and fajitas may not be enough food, and we were planning on getting desert from the froyo place outside Hecho, but we were both so full that we didn't have room.  This was the best meal and best service we had in Vegas in the last 2 trips that we have made, and we will def be coming back again when we come back to Vegas in December.  Also, for one appetizer, one entree, 2 beverages and a shot, the price was only around $68... Which was pretty cheap compared to the other places we ate and what we got for that price.   When we left, every person that we passed said goodbye, and thanked is for coming.  It was a nice change from the other places we had been.
5	As soon I walked up the service was so friendly and the place was so colorful. We sat down and Dana was our waitress she had so much energy and was friendly helpful right off the bat. The drinks were tasty and the food was pretty amazing . I had the chicken fajitas . The hand made corn tortillas were so warm and dele icon the chicken was lean and soft. I think the highlight was desert , ordered the churros! Amazing cream filled churros served with warm rich chocolate and caramel! Amazing place it's a must visit every time I come to Vegas
3	Dined two nights in row. Tale of two cities, first night made me want to come back, second night reminding me why I don't often   Eat Mexican. And the service matched each night perfectly.
5	Dana is the best server!!!! Friendly, upbeat and efficient. The place is great for a pre box match. The pomegranate margarita is great as are the street tacos.
5	I LOVE this place!We stopped here for dinner one night during a conference we were at the MGM for.The food was amazing, service was great, and the guac is to die for!It can get pretty busy so reservations are definitely recommended!
2	My friends got their dinners, but two of us still haven't. It's been about five minutes. Not sure what happened. But none of us at this table are happy. Margarita is decent but pricey. Don't think I'll be coming here again. Nor would I recommend this place to anyone else.  The chicken quesadilla was pretty good, though. So I guess if you can overlook the service problems, the food is pretty good.
3	Table-side guacamole is highly recommended, but that's about it.Service was a bit slow, the meat three ways I had was forgettable, especially for the price.Go for drinks and apps, but I'd pass on the meal.
5	i really liked this place. i had the 3 enchiladas sample with beef,chicken and pork. they were excellent. the guacamole was really good too. Good service. my friend had the tacos but he said he wasn't impressed. But who goes to a mexican restaurant and orders tacos anyways? my food was delicious and i would definetely come back.
4	Solid mexican food! Tableside guac was pretty good and the del coronado and 3cheese enchiladas were amazing. Benjamin was our server and was extremely friendly. 2 dinners, 2 drinks and tableside guac $73. A lil pricey but fun and worth it!
3	Stayed at the signature at mgm and wanted something somewhat close so decided to try hecho en vegas after being really disappointed by the mgm buffet the night before. We are from Texas so mexican food is pretty common for us at home and thought this would hit the spot.First off, this place is REALLY loud. It's like a club more than a resteraunt. The front desk girl found us a table in the far corner where it was somewhat quiet though so that really helped. Very nice staff!Right off the bat we knew we might not be completely happy. My wife asked if the shredded beef was barbacoa and the waiter who was Hispanic didn't act like he knew what barbacoa was. Then when we asked for a pina coloda we were told they didn't make those. My wife instead ordered a beerita and the waiter looked at her like she was crazy not realizing they are called that. They called it the "there is a name for that". When she got it the glass was so small that she couldnt flip the beer into it and still get a straw in so she drank the beer and maragarita seperatley. Not looking good so far!We got chips and salsa and the green sauce was pretty good, red sauce tasted odd. Not bad, just odd. We also got table side guacamole and this is 90% of the reason for giving it as many stars as I did. It was awsome! My wife ordered the short rib tacos and I got the steak fajitas. I got flour tortillas with mine and hers came with corn tortillas. Both tortillas tasted bad and killed the taste of the meats. The fajitas were a bit bland but my wife said hers short rib tacos were pretty good after she ditched the tortillas. Beans and rice were average at best. To sum it up, if your looking for a place for beers and some pretty awsome dipping guacamole and dont mind ear numbing loud music then this place is pretty good. If you want a full dinner in a dinner environment and expect good mexican, go elsewhere. I'm pretty convinced that someone could make a killing in vegas with a authentic mexican resteraunt.
2	The food was delicious but the service was weird. The waiter IDed my sister because she ordered the margarita salad. The guac was too salty but they remade it and it was awesome! A little pricey but very yummy. We split the taco salad and nachos. The meat was so yummy! So much food!!!
3	Skip the dining room and eat at the bar. Robert was our bartender and he did a great job. He's very knowledgeable about the tequila. We did a full on tequila tasting and got a little lesson in each brand. His service was top notch. The food was good, but I think the tequila was my favorite part.
5	I love this place! We wanted so good Mexican food and that's what we got! There was no wait and the waiter was very attentive. We order margaritas and it was made perfectly. They gave us chips with red and green salsa which both had a lot of flavor. I loved the green one. We both got carne asada burritos. They are alittle expensive the burrito was $26 and it doesn't come with rice or beans but it is big and definitely filling. The meat inside the burrito was perfect and they definitely didn't skimp on the meat. The margaritas were really tasty and strong which is the perfect combo
5	Loved it. We had Dana who was absolutely fantastic. I asked if the cheese was pasteurized (pregnant) and she said yes but then when she came back she said she double checked with the chef just in case. Very sweet, great personality.Everyone recommended the table side guacamole, I was hesitant because it was $10.... for guacamole.. but it was totally worth it. I don't even usually eat guacamole but my husband and I devoured it. Both our dishes were great, I got the 3 different meat enchiladas and my husband got shrimp fajitas.Husband liked the tequila tasting as well. Great place, will definitely go again.
4	Great location and great guac made tableside. We had dinner on a Friday night and just watched all the drunk college kids leaving the pool. It was great entertainment watching them stumble by heading into the MGM itself.  Scary but good fun!  The tableside guac was excellent. The service was excellent. Food (other than guac)  was good but not excellent. We have been here before and will return. Great location, fair prices, great service, great margaritas and good food!  All in all good package and solid 4 stars.
5	Excellent!  Portions are big and the food is very well prepared. Exceptional Mexican food. Service was top notch.
4	Just got checked into the MGM and needed a meal. It was a great way to start the vacation. The decor was really fitting. Lot of sugar skulls and Dia de los Muertos paintings which I love. Ok the drinks, I would recommend the top shelf margarita. I did not have one but was able to taste the one my husband owned and had instant drink envy.  For dinner.. I started with the ahi tuna ceviche which was so good! Creamy and very fresh with great flavor. I could have had 2 more dishes. For the main course I had carnitas and mushrooms again great flavor and with a white cheese crumble and chunks of mango. At the end of the meal my sister mentioned that this was my birthday trip.... they brought out flan with a caramel sauce and what I think was some sort of roasted nuts in chocolate (and yes he got the table next to us to helps sing Happy Birthday to me). I was ready to fall over. The service was great which also added to the enjoyment of the meal. I would say that if you are in the MGM to give it a try.
5	We had our wedding rehearsal dinner here with around 25 people and it was great! The food was tasty and kept coming, family style until everyone was full and then we had dessert!You can choose from set menus for large groups but we found they were also very accommodating for vegetarians and vegans in our party. And like a lot of other reviewers I don't really like guacamole, but the stuff from here is delicious!!But the real star of the show was Leo who looked after us throughout the night. Flexible, warm, wonderful. He made everything so easy and lovely and managed our kooky and late family with grace and ease.
5	The service was impeccable and the food was the best Mexican food I have ever had.  I went there with several friends before the Katy Perry concert which was taking place at the Garden Arena right across the way from the restaurant. It was all very convenient and easy. The price was not terrible and average for eating at a restaurant on the strip and for the quality of food you get it was very reasonable!
2	came here with a group after frozen fury, it is right outside the mgm garden arena.  I would say walk your drunken self else where if i were you. For the price of everything, the portion size was really small and the flavor was lackluster. The whole table felt the same way. 2 people from out table even returned their margaritas because they didnt taste right. The server was nice, but that doesnt really make up for everythign else.
5	Best Mexican food ever, enchiladas are out of this world!!! The food was fast and fresh, guacamole and salsa chip dishes were excellent as well. The bartender was great, courteous, and very helpful with knowledge of local locations! The ambiance of this restaurant was awesome, definitely be back!!!
4	Great Mexican style cuisine.  I enjoyed the seasoned skirt-steak fajitas, served with roasted red bell peppers and onions with sides of pinto beans and rice.  The steak was very nicely seasoned; very flavorful.  There was a lovely sauce over the whole dish that really brought it all together.  The beans were rather plain and the rice was dry and boring.  It didn't matter really since I was quite content eating the fajitas and did not leave hungry.  Service was very attentive and the fresh salsas were a really nice touch.  I would recommend to anyone staying at the MGM Grand.
5	Great service and great food. From the chips and salsa to the entrees, everything we had was amazing. I had the carnitas and mushroom tacos and the tacos are pretty big. They give you two corn tortillas for each taco. Our server was great and I had a glass of the moscato d'asti and it was delicious. The salsa they give you is really good and we ate so many chips!
4	We ate here before going to Hakkasan with our group of 11 girls. It's reasonably priced delicious Mexican food with over the top service. The server was funny and very attentive. We had the table side prepared guacamole which was so good and u had the short rib taquitos that were so tasty.
4	I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed this restaurant.  The enchiladas and guacamole were excellent!  The differentiator was the service, though.  Everyone from the hostess to the waiters were friendly and efficient.
5	Place was fantastic! Wife has gluten allergy and stuff was marked well on menu and staff is very knowledgable and friendly.
5	This place was great.   Unique menu items but, has all the staples.  The service was excellent and the ambiance was pretty lively.
5	Wife and I were on vacation in Vegas. We come here every year. We do lots of eating, lots of gambling, lots of partying, and of course lots of sleeping.We always stay at the M GM.  While walking through their restaurant and food court area on the ground level, we noticed that the Mexican restaurant called Diego's was no longer there. In its place, was another Mexican restaurant called Hecho en Vegas. Now, usually when I see a restaurant replaced by a similar restaurant, it kind of is a turn off. It seems like they replaced apples with apples.  We had been to the now defunct Diego's before, and it wasn't that great. It was overpriced, under portioned, and they never actually seemed to be open to serve their full menu. It was always happy hour appetizers pretty much every time we tried to go there.We decided to give this new place a chance, hoping that it was completely different from the original Diego's.  Believe me, it definitely was. The service was excellent, our waitress knew the menu very well, and the food came out fairly quickly. Instantly, I noticed that this was not your traditional Mexican food. It wasn't super greasy, it wasn't super salty, and it wasn't heavy-handed with the seasoning. Everything was very delicate and almost seemed sort of like a Mexican version of fine dining cuisine.We were pleasantly surprised. I got steak tacos with some side dishes, and the wife got a steak Mexican salad and also had some appetizers. Everything was fresh and tasty.It was a bit on the pricey side, but that is pretty much what you can expect when you're eating in one of the major resorts on the strip. We felt that our food was so good that it was worth every penny.Bangin' food. Can't go wrong with Hecho en Vegas.
1	While the food was amazing, I specifically told the front hostess and the staff that my wife was celiac and now dealing with a very sick woman who was glutened. I don't care if you have someone in your family who has celiac, if you can't train the staff on allergies, then don't pronounce yourself as gluten friendly. My wife is sick on our first day of a three day trip that we have been planning for over 6 months. She doesn't have a diet choice, this was a necessity.
4	I enjoyed the dinner here. It is pretty much how I expected and hoped it would be. I saw a couple of bad reviews on here, but I think these people are kind of out there. First off, walking up to the place you can tell that its a comfortable, casual, and energetic type of place, and to me that is perfect if you are trying to hang out and relax. We got our water, and placed our order for margaritas and table side guac from our perfectly friendly server, and both were good.I had "The one and only combination", and my wife had the skirt steak fajitas, Very tasty for sure. I cant say anything bad about this place. People complaining about the price (which actually isn't high) should probably review the menu before hand, and then go to the food court next store. On the strip, out drinking, don't feel like being bound to a dinner schedule? This is a good place to stop.
4	Really fun place with happy vibe. The free chips come with 2 salsas: a roasted red and green tomatillo. Both very tasty.We shared the short rib taquitos which where delicious! Huge selection of tequilas and the margaritas are made fresh with lime juice, no bottled mix.Would definitely check this out next time you are in MGM.
3	Good for getting fed and gone. Average food and ~good~ drinks. Made it here by 6:30 only to find they didn't have Happy Hour deals this week (ever?). Ordered fish tacos with a bonus carnitas taco. Nothing spectacular, but the carnitas was the second best I've had this week in that it didn't appear to be reheated for the fifth time (Yard House was tops believe it or not, Cabo Wabo was worst). Kitchen was lightening fast, cool for a busy week when a huge trade show was in town.   My advice? Grab a drink and a small app before you hit the road... then hit the road.
4	So I must admit that my wife and I basically ate here by default on New Year's Day.  We were at MGM for the Justin Timberlake concert and were looking for a decent place to have dinner before the show.  Just about every other restaurant at MGM had about a 45 minute wait.  We didn't check the buffet or Rainforest Cafe, mainly because their buffet is terrible, and I'm not eating at Rainforest Cafe when I'm on vacation.Anyway, we came upon Hecho en Vegas, which is located close to where you enter the arena.  My wife and I had just eaten Mexican at Javier's the day before, so we were a bit skeptical about eating it again.  But, it was either that or the food court, so we chose Hecho en Vegas.  They quoted us a wait time of about 20 minutes, but it was more like 10 minutes.  The restaurant is loud, fun, and vibrant.  I honestly had very low expectations going into dinner.  We were seated and were quickly given chips and salsa.  I thought they chips and salsa were good, but were certainly a cut below Javier's.  I preferred the green salsa to the red.Our server was very friendly, and took the time to answer any questions we had about the menu.  For our meals, we each ordered two enchiladas, which came with rice and black beans.  I ordered one chicken with red sauce, and one cheese with a white cheese sauce.  I thought everything was really good, so I have to say that this place far exceeded my expectations.  My wife agreed that her food was good as well.For as much as I really despise the MGM hotel, I can't say anything negative about Hecho en Vegas.  The food is good, the people are nice, and the environment is fun.  I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again if I was in the mood for Mexican food.
