4	One comfy seat in the entire place, but they have a cafe, they have good books to look at, and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable.
4	Like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while.
3	I still cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores!  As a result of this I have ended up spending a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location.  As with all Barnes and Noble stores it has a cafe and a decent selection of popular titles.  I am a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other stores in this chain.  The bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through.  The selection is ok in that it is well stocked but sometimes a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books, less popular titles are a bit hard to find.  The customer service here is pretty good.They could use more chairs.
3	Great Barnes and Noble location, and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time.
2	Barnes & Noble, it's like the Wal-Mart of bookstores.  Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike.  I'm not quite sure whether I'm in a cafe, at a newspaper stand, a book store, a CD shop, a movie house or a flea market sometimes.  With all the tables and shelves that  you have to dodge it's a bit hard to figure it out.  Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.I don't know about y'all, but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this.
5	Such nice staff.  I really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book.  The store has a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind.  I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.
5	I find this location, clean and well organized, but that's not the reason it's getting 5 stars! I called today to look into whether or not their May issues of magazines were out (I need them for my job) and Erin so kindly went checked on every single magazine I asked about! Now that is customer service! Well done, well done!
3	I have to agree with Matthew U on this one. I do enjoy Barnes & Nobles but sometimes i get lost just trying to find a darn calendar. I went here after a dinner date with some neighbors and couldn't believe how packed it was. We had to wait 10 minutes just to find enough chairs to seat 4 people. We ended up stealing them from other tables. Not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minutes just to get an Ice tea lemonade.So amidst all the books, newspapers and magazines they have an audio and video section. The prices aren't anything to rave about. I can buy the same movies online for a lot cheaper there's just the waiting period. I do shop here sometimes for there discount books. I found a lot of great recipe and mystery books for really cheap, like under $5. That's a pretty good deal but considering there is a half priced book store who has a great selection of books for literally half the price of retailers, how can you beat those prices. B&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale.
3	This bookstore is absolutely packed full of stuff! They have lots of books, a display of Nooks, DVDs and CDs, miscellaneous items like notebooks and calendars, and a cafe. Though a large assortment is nice, I feel like the space is very cramped. I have purchased a couple books from here - which were pretty easy to find - and have purchased food items from the cafe. The cafe is not very impressive. I've been pretty underwhelmed by all the food items that I've purchased here. I got a slice of quiche here last night when I only had 10 minutes before a hair appointment at Ulta across the street. Not only did they take 5 minutes to microwave it, but it also came out smelling burnt and burning hot. A little band was singing and playing a variety of instruments while I was here. I wasn't very impressed until I realized that they were high school kids. I thought it as really nice that Barnes & Noble would let them perform in the store... and a great way for B&N to get a lot of their family members in the store, too.
3	Are B&N not allowed to have lounge areas anymore? I used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chairs and sit there allllll day... but I feel like within the last 4 years or so, I haven't been in a single B&N that had such areas anymore. I love books and have always felt that B&N can give you a good deal. But I'm not a fan of this particular location because it's not that big. Although, it is pretty clean!The Starbucks area they have is okay. The starbucks employees in these types of locations are always not the best..but I don't go there for the coffee obviously. I do find it annoying that they don't take Starbucks giftcards though - I believe they take B&N giftcards and you can also apply your B&N membership discount.Also, their bathrooms are pretty atrocious. If you can hold it, I would advise you to hold it.Parking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se, but it's an open lot and not actual 'street parking.'
