5	MY FAVORITE BOUTIQUE IN THE WORLD!!!!I am not from Montreal, but in a way, I would consider moving here just for their fashion and their food.  This boutique is one of my favorites in the world.  They're always on the cutting edge, but NEVER trendy.  Their collection is obscure and timeless.  The boutique itself is simple displaying only one piece of each item, making the store easy to navigate.  The service is impeccable with the owner Brigitte offering her stylish suggestions.  I love this place!  I'm so happy they opened an online boutique, but certainly not the same as shopping in person.  My favorite lines they carry are:AcneFifth Avenue Shoe RepairHastings + MainLocal Montreal designersComplex Geometries Surface 2 AirANY MANY MANY MORE
5	After spending a few days in Montreal and asking many people what boutiques I should check out I found myself repeating "yes, I have been to reborn" over and over again. Even if you aren't in a shopping mood its worth checking out. The jewelry and other artifacts where fantastic. The pieces by Natalia Brilli where particularly unique and interesting. The women who I gather owns the place was very nice and helpful. Check out their website too... it is under-construction but has some great photos of their clothes in the store. A must see in Montreal.
5	The best insight into contemporary design in Old Montreal. Beautiful chic clothes, innovative patterns, wearable, high quality, not trendy, just excellent fashion. If you are looking for fast cheap fashion knocked off from hard-working independent designers try H+M, but if you are looking for the real thing check out Reborn. The prices reflect what you're getting so personally it's a place I visit to dream, to see what emerging clothing designers and jewelery artists are doing, and occasionally to spend my hard earned pennies on a signature piece - but often if you're lucky you can find amazing (50% +) deals in the store and on their website.
2	Had to be the most severe boutique I have visited in a while. Even the dressing rooms are a bit over the top - floor to ceiling mirrors, why? At least 2/3 of all the clothes were only black ummm, ok. Two stars only because they carry some really amazing brands - but what is the point if they are showcased with such severity? The techno-y music, the dark narrow atmosphere, and the depressed seriousness did not make me want to shop at all. Though the sales person was kind of pleasant, the entire experience was short form torture. I wont ever go back.
