1	We have had this warranty service for more than 8 years but have probably had less than a dozen calls over that period. In the last year we had a minor electrical problem.  The GFI switch in our garage, which was on the same circuit as our upstairs bathroom tripped, repeatedly.  After 2 or 3 unsuccessful repair calls @ $55.00 each, we had given up, BUT then we thought we'd try one more time since we were tired of going down the stairs and out to the garage each night at least once to reset the GFI. The electrician came and replaced the outlet AGAIN, but this time with a different brand.  The same brand as the home had originally.  The problem was solved. Apparently they had been using an inferior grade product.  If it that was that difficult for a small problem, I wonder what it would be like if we had had a major need?
1	We purchased our home and it has the warranty paid for through August so of course we used it when having problems with our dishwasher. After having their repair people over here 5 times *(6 weeks of service calls and parts being ordered and then having GE come out and give it a try) GE said it would cost $426 to repair including the part and Home Warranty decided to "cash out" which means they paid us $175 for the part since they weren't willing to pay for the labor. REALLY? To replace it with the exact same unit would have cost $1,300 for some reason. The girls that answer the phone act as if we got the deal of the century since they paid us.  The coverage states DISHWASHER: All components and parts, including entire unit.  I guess that means if it's one part that requires a lot of labor you are out of luck.  This company is a complete waste of time and money and I honestly feel like they are in business to collect you $55 service call fees and you get the added bonus of waiting 1/2 day for the repair person to come out. It's a much better deal to get a great handyman and when an appliance can't be repaired to replace it since this warranty company obviously doesn't actually replace a unit.
1	I hate these people. (at least in the office)  They cannot find their way out of a paper bag to save their life, in the billing dept.  They can't set up autopay, (really?  In 2012?)and then they don't send out notices for the future payments.  Then, the lady told me that my credit card didn't go through so she needed a second card.  I gave it to her, and then got a phone call later that afternoon that they were refunding the first card because the payment went through on both cards.  Today I get a call that I still owe for the second and third installments.  Get a clue people
1	My wife considered using this company for our home warranty since she had used them before when she had her own house. She contacted the office and they scheduled a home inspection but not before requiring a $200 payment which would be the scheduled payment. A while later, a gentleman showed up and inspected the house. He was very polite and thorough but unfortunately could not check the A/C unit, as he didn't have a ladder and the temperature outside was too cold to have it come on. He told me that once it warmed up we could easily schedule the unit to be checked. My wife called the office to confirm the information and the lady on the phone was very rude and seemed bothered by the questions. The lady then said that while they could check the unit later, if it did not function for whatever reason, they would not cover the unit. My wife told her she did not feel comfortable paying for a service that would not cover the A/C and requested a refund of the $200 she had paid them. She was then told that she would need to send a signed statement to get a refund and after doing that, she had still not received a refund. My wife contacted them again and the same rude lady told her they have up to 45 days to refund the money. As of 11/25/12 we have yet to receive our refund and this fiasco started a month ago. I cannot in good conscience ever recommend this company to anyone given their lack of customer service and lack of professionalism. I also find it very unnerving that they would require a Pre-payment of $200 for a service contract they can't even honor unless the house passes inspection first.
1	I currently have three properties covered with them. None will be renewed. They sent out a "plumber" to check on a burned out disposal motor. The "plumber" stuck his hand down the drain, called the office, and came back with, "they don't want to cover this." And Jessica at the office? Yikes! Develop some customer services skills. They're only in business to collect your $55 service call fees.
1	This company is a complete sham! "Jessica" told me that the compressor for the a/c unit would be covered, they could not get anyone out there for 2 more days (never mind that it was 103 degrees outside when I called). After much frustration and finally having to get the local sales rep involved, they scheduled repair for the next day. Only, they would not cover the compressor repair. They have only one repair company that they work with for EVERYTHING and refuse to extend beyond that one company when it is  too busy. Stay away from this warranty company and go with a larger company if you feel you must have a home warranty.
1	GARBAGE!! This company is a bunch of dumb asses!! They claim its' my fault when they send out a bill and I don't get it. Even though the girl said they been having issues with the mail. My claim wont be active since my payments are behind. It's behind because I never received the statement to make a payment. The funny part, if you want a refund, you have to mail them a letter saying why you want to quit. Even thought you are talking to them on the phone. Then you lose $ per day. I bet they claim they didnt get the letter too lol. Biggest waste of money I spent for almost 5 years. Glad this mishap woke me up. This company is a scam and they can kiss my ass. I referred 5 people and they will cancel as well. The customer service sucks and they act all high and mighty. If I could give 0 stars I would. Something I hope yelp does. I hope this company goes out of business and those 2 snobby bitches lose there job. One of them can't even speak english. I thought I called some foreign number and had to look at my phone and make sure it was a Vegas # lol. Companies who run like that and treat the paying customer like dirt does not deserve to be in business. DO NOT BUY A HOME WARRANTY FROM NATIONAL HOME WARRANTY!!!! PASS THE WARNING TO ANYONE WHO HAS OR LOOKING AT NATIONAL HOME WARRANTY
4	We have had a contract with National Home Warranty for approximately 9 years and it's one of the best investments we've made.  They are courteous and professional at the office as well as the technicians that have come to our home.  I particulary like the ease of using the plan.  They call you 30 minutes in advance to inform you the tech is in route which allows me to leave work and meet them WITHOUT having to wait around the house all day waiting for their arrival.  The annual fee is reasonable and they mail you in advance and allow you to make the payment in (3) installments without charging additional fees.  The combined annual fee that I have paid over the last 9 years is still considerably less than all of the items they have repaired or replaced.  I have recommended them to several friends and neighbors and will continue to do so.Susan S.
1	I have a contract with National Home Warranty for a year. About 6 months ago my oven was broken, and then I called them to came out to fix it. Until now they haven't done it yet. When I called customer service for the answer, they said it's not their job I have to contact direct to their contractor to have the answer. I don't know what kind of shit job they do. The worst service I have never met.
1	Stay far away........... these guys are completely inept.  Here is an excerpt of an email I just had to send to them for failing at every customer service level possibleDo you know how annoying it is for someone to deal with your office?   Just horrible service starting with the contractor you send out... I have had issues (particularly with ac and plumber) with them on almost every single call.   Then having to wait seven days for you guys to email a piece of paper (7 DAYS), then  changing terms every other day (read your own email again),  then getting put on hold for every single call, listening to a shxxxty radio station while on hold, getting bounced from one person to the next, no one there knowing what the last person said, .... overall customer service is pathetic.
4	HAPPY CUSTOMER!!I own several rental properties in the Las Vegas area.  I've had home warranties through National Home Warranty, Inc. since summer 2009.  They have always been able to do what I pay them for and I am a happy customer.I just acquired an additional property and will purchase the home warranty from NHW.
1	Bought a house and seller paid this home warranty through escrow.  NHW are prepaid for the year now.  Leak from a bathroom above kitchen is found, I call NHW and tell them I can see water pooling on the ceiling there.  They say, call my home owner's insurance as the water damage, if any, would not be covered under the warranty repair but they will come and fix the plumbing wherever the source of the leak is found.  They say they will only replace drywall but not finish it out if any holes need to be cut.  This is a key statement and commitment.  I think, OK, they are passing the buck already.  They tell me I have to call their contact to schedule.  My prior years of experience was that other warranty companies made those calls for me and had those contractors call me to schedule.  Anyhow, I'm doing the leg work now since they cannot do that amount of service.   Telling indicators are growing.I call plumbing contact they say sometime today but do not know when.  Plumber eventually shows about 8 hours later (I've now missed a day's work waiting around).  Guy peeks at toilet, says he suspects plastic supply line under floor.  Says he needs to cut ceiling below to get to pipe but I must sign a waiver for the warranty company.  I say, hold on, that is their job why a waiver for the warranty company?  Anyhow a bunch of phone calls are made; he's calling his folks and I'm calling NHW.  I'm told on 2 different occasions in this call again that they will only repair to an unfinished level the hole that needs to be cut.  I ask why the waiver then?  They say because we do not know what is above the ceiling until the guy opens.  I say OK but what about closing the hole then, as promised in the morning and earlier in the call.  BTW I was put on hold numerous times for them to huddle about what to say to me.  Now I am told a different answer, get testy, ask for other supervisor (apparently already speaking to one of them) but have to wait for her to come back from lunch.  Now plumber has suddenly left without speaking to me, leaves an invoice copy saying I am to cut hole and call them back when ready.  I go racing outside to stop him to no avail.  He has the $55 check though.  I call his company and say check is cancelled unless you come back to do the work.  She agrees and will get him turned around and back.  That 2nd NHW super finally calls back.  She says that paragraph 11 in my warranty agreement which that states they may need to cut holes to repair and will only replace drywall but not finish the repair, yeah, that is voided now by Para.8 which, in her interpretation, declares the water leaking into the ceiling a secondary damage and thus is "incidental" (the language of P8).  I ask to clarify and inform the nature of secondary and how the primary leak that is now wetting the drywall prevents anyone from cutting through to stop the leak.  That is their logic, indeed.  I have to do the work to cut away the drywall in order for them to inspect the pipe notwithstanding p11 that says they will do so if they must.  They will not honor #11 any more.So we are all clear, secondary damage would really be if the unrepaired pipe caused the ceiling to collapse and break, say, an expensive table or my 19 month old girl's back or something.  That table break is secondary to the ceiling damage by the leaking pipe.  They now will do nothing because of the leak.  Which is why anyone gets their warranty coverage, to repair said leak.  So I've done the labor and am waiting for the plumber to return to fix the toilet leak.  They somehow expect the leak to stop itself, the dry wall to dry up, then they will open the ceiling and repair a self-healed leak, and partially repair the ceiling.Once plumber finishes this pipe fix I am cancelling, getting a full refund, and filing in Small Claims Court for the cost to repair the ceiling.  Avoid these guys at all costs.  I am going back to HSA Warranty.  A little more expensive but they have done end to end on all prior repairs and no issues like this.
1	The worst home warranty insurance I have ever seen. They are rude and unprofessional. They are so scared that they don't even let you talk to the owner if you have a complain.
5	When I came to Yelp to write this review, I was blown away to see the low rating because I have had nothing but one excellent experience after another with them. I am in AZ and I have the AZ portion of the warranty and this is hands down the best home warranty company I have ever used and believe me, I have used several others in the past 15 years with nothing but issues. They are always friendly and they get my servicing done immediately. I highly recommend them to anyone who is tired of the home warranty scams that just take your money and never follow through with their end of the deal. I have had my contract for about a year and have had to have my dryer and refrigerator fixed and now both of my toilets have decided to act a fool at the same time. They are sending someone out today to take care of it. In the past, the other home warranty companies I have dealt with were quick to take my money but slow to fix any issues. I highly recommend them. BTW, Rachel is a real gem and the perfect example of great customer service!
1	I live in Las Vegas and just called the local number here to get more information.I spoke with JESSICA and I must say she is probably the rudest person that I have ever spoke with.If she was like that to me, a new prospect, I can only imagine how they treat their actual customers.Needless to say, I will NOT be using their service NOR will I refer anyone to them.
1	I've been a customer of National Home Warranty since about 2001.  Since they were purchased by new owner (I think his name is Mike Eastwood?), the customer service and communication has gone down. Perhaps poor attitudes reflect that even the employees aren't happy?  Poor communication skills,  calls not returned in timely manor , has denied  claims and even made the issue with the home worse.  I will not recommend National Home Warranty again.
1	Lousy warranty. Lousy customer service. Small company, not open on weekends, so you can't get service in an emergency, however that doesn't stop them from calling YOU outside of normal business hours if it pleases them. The first time I used them, they were just plain rude to me, and attempted to avoid service within the required 24-hour clause in the contract, so I pulled out the fine print on them (they wanted to have someone out in 48-72 hours, but I put my foot down). This year my wife received an overdue notice for a payment for service they lost accounting of (luckily we had bank images from cleared check). Tonight they called me on a Sunday evening 12 hours after I left a message on their service, to tell me that I would have to call a third party company to schedule service for my broken air conditioning the following day (what a joke). They make you do their job for them, but they're always right on time with the renewal notice every year. I enjoy giving them an extra dollop of my type A personality, as an additional reward for what lousy business people they are, and for the unprofessional tone of their voice (a single voice it would appear). Tonight they hung up on me LOL. Guess I'll be leaving some more messages on their service. Go with a company who knows what they're doing (that includes handling an upset, unruly customer...because that's the business ya'll)...this company is not that company.
1	This home warranty company has to be the worst around.  Not only is it a joke every time i call them - they find some way to let me know some actual problem happening is something they DON'T cover.  AND on top of it, I get the same nasty person on the phone who has no customer service at ALL.  I'm looking for another company immediately to cover my 2 condos.  Anyone have great recommendations?  Avoid this one at all costs.  Goodbye very soon, National Home Warranty.
1	Very poor customer service and very difficult communicating to single digit IQ employees of National Home Warranty and their contractor Smith Appliance. Lack of follow up and follow through!!!! Just trying to get my washing machine repaired at my Gilbert, AZ home.Sorry I went with this company....sometimes they don't answer their phones have had to call them a couple of times to get someone to answer their phone???? Still waiting for a returned call.....3+ days....waiting and waiting and waiting....next will be filing complaints!!!!
1	National Home Warranty will put you on hold for 20+ minutes and has never done what they say they will do....complete idiots!!!! Warring DO NOT PURCHASE A HOME WARRANTY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!
1	National Home Warranty has assigned two ot there contractor to come out to my house to repair my washing machine. At the last minute, both contractors said they wouldn't come out because it was to far, (they were in Phx and my house was in east Gilbert). So, after I had to chase NHW down, they told me I would have to pay for antother contrator to come out an do a diagnostic test and they would let NHW know what was wrong with my washing machine. WTF now they want me to pay!!!! NHW told me that they had several appliance companies terminate their contracts with NHW and they don't want to pay the extra travel time to the aforementioned contactors to come to my house. NHW has only approx. 1000 customers in AZ...so they are small and don't have the ability to service AZ as other home warranty companies. DO NOT PURCHASE A HOME WARRANTY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!
1	Don't waist your time and money with National Home Warranty. It took 6 trade call visits this year for them to fix my air-conditioning unit after their technician incorrectly wired the unit in January causing the unit to run hot and cold air at the same time through the summer months. This lead to an electric bill for my tenant of over $3000, for the same period last year it was $800. It was only after I conducted my own investigation at my own expense, backed by photographic evidence, which documented their shoddy and unsafe repair work, that NHW  finally corrected their work which stopped the excessive amp draw. BE WARNED! If you have an AC unit on your roof that has been repaired by NHW in the past two years, it could be a potential fire hazard. My investigation found the condenser motor had been secured by plastic tie wraps (it should  have been secured to a metal frame) and a discarded paint brush was shoved under the motor to keep it in place. In addition the covers that protect the electrical components were left strewn  on the roof. This repair was a potential fire hazard as the plastic tie wraps would have eventually disintegrated from the heat of the motor. NHW replaced the condenser motor the previous year and were the only company to touch my AC in the last 2 years. FYI they made 10 trade call visits in two years to fix the unit. That's almost $600 in trade call fees for their company.They have refused to admit liability even though they have fired the employee who did the repairs. I have been a customer for over 12 years and had 6 contracts with them and was about to take out a 7th contract. When I told them I was going to cancel all of my contracts effective immediately, worth over $3000 business for them per year, if they did not compensate me some how for their shoddy work it made absolutely no difference to them and their response was "cancellations are not our priority. It takes 45 days to get a refund". However, when I reported them to "Channel 13 Investigates" who contacted them the following day, I immediately received an email asking me where to send the refund checks but there would be a $50  cancellation fee per policy amounting to $300! Three weeks later I still had not received the refund so I was forced to make a trip to their office to collect the checks. Please note, if your AC needs refrigerant they charge $175 plus a $60 trade call fee. If you have a glass top electric stove and a burner blows and they can't get the part, you will get the depreciated value of the stove less a $60 trade call fee amounting to probably less than $100 to you. If your plumbing is installed, according to NHW "incorrectly", they will not fix the leak or blockage and still charge you $60. If they have to access the plumbing in your ceiling, they make you get a tradesman to open a hole to access the plumbing and then you have to pay a tradesman to close the hole. However, in their contact, which believe me they love quoting to you, it says they will close the hole with a rough finish. This has never happened for me on the three trade call visits they  have been to my  property. Unfortunately, I only picked  up on this point recently after the horrible AC incident. Good luck getting a new AC if they can't fix it. At best you will get the depreciated value which might amount to a few hundred dollars. Their contractor Residential Service Center, aka Ly Inc, is owned by the same person who owns NHW. Their operations manager is absolutely useless and should  not be in the  job. She has no customer service skills and to this day has never bothered to pick up the phone and talk to me or offered some form of mediation or compensation for their negligence. Trust me you will not be ahead financially taking out a home warranty contact with this horrendous company. Instead you could end  up like me with bills amounting to over $3000 due to their contractor's negligence.
1	NHW never send out a repairman per our agreement but they did cash my $535/payment. They finally (10/29/2014) agreed to send me a full refund. Today, I informed them that I never recieved the refund. They told me it was sent out...as if I really believe them....will probably never see my redfund $...so, I'm retired and have the time/experience to pursue this issue legally. If anyone has any issues with this company, let me know, want to see if a class action lawsuit is warrented. They bring it upon themselve don't they.....=)
1	How about zero stars?  I have been without heat for 9 days.  Numerous phone calls, time from work, promises, moved dates and still - NO HEAT.  Sick family members, sick pets, personal expense to buy space heaters, 3 days from Christmas and pending guests on the way.  They could care a less,  Unbelievably horrible followthru and customer service.  I own a business and have worked for the highest rated customer service companies in the U.S.  I would have lost all my customers or been fired if I treated people like I have been treated.  Don't waste your money buying a warranty - it will NEVER be worth your money.
1	No stars for this company.  I've had a contract with these people for 8 YEARS since I purchased my home and they came with the sale.  In the past 8 years their service was good, never any problems. I had service at my house at the end of November.  I had my monthly payment scheduled for the 26th of each month.  When I didn't see it deducted for 26 December I called the office.  In the past when my contact was to be renewed I would receive a new contact and promptly would renew the contract.  When I called on the 29 of December I spoke to an agent who had to have been the rudest individual that I've spoken too.  She informed me that my contract was cancelled and that it COULD NOT BE RENEWED without me sending in a letter.  I asked why it could not be renewed and was told that she could not / would not give me this information.  She then suggested that I find another CONTRACTOR for my home.  I was speechless, what kind of business treats a customer who's been with them for 8 YEARS?  I fumed about this because here I thought that my house was under a warranty for the month of December and only to find out that it was not.  I called back and spoke to Rachel and she told me everything the first idiot told me, also suggested I find another contractor.  I sent a letter to them telling them my feelings and also telling them that in the past 8 years I've read plenty of bad reviews but since I never was treated bad I disregarded. In my letter I explained how I would be more than happy to find another contractor and would now put in a bad review.  I did a lot of research and found another company who was rated in Las Vegas as one of the top 10 company's and set up a new contract.  Best part same service a lot cheaper per year and a lot cheaper per visit.  I would highly recommend that NO ONE use this company.  With an office staff like that they deserve to be put out of business.
