4	La's occupies the former Pho Tay Do space though they have done a great job of updating with wood paneling and paint. The Mr and I love Thai food so it's been on our radar for some time. So after finally trying it we've decided it's our new favorite Thai place. The elements are working to their benefit.. friendly service, great prices and large portions of high quality ingredients. We started with 2 salads, huge mistake. The salads are so large that we could have just split one but no.. we ordered the Larb (ground meat salad) as well as the Yum-Woon-Sen (ground meat and glass noodle salad). Just a heads up, if you don't like fish sauce be sure to ask them not to use it. We also asked for them to be hot.. you'll have to love spice cause these are HOT!!.. I had tears running down my face, it was so spicy! Awesome!! Both salads were tasty just make sure you ask about the fish sauce.We also tried the Fresh Rolls.. you know the drill, rice paper housing noodles shrimp etc.. these were very fresh and tasty though the peanut dipping sauce was phenomenal! Then paired with the roasted chile powder added a complex smokiness to each bite.. Ill be going back for these for sure!!Entree's.. the Mr ordered Pad Thai, while very very good it was still just pad Thai.. I ordered Kang-Kra-Ri which was a yellow curry with tofu, coconut milk, pumpkin, potatoes and onions.. oh hell yeah! This was one of the best curries Ive had in a very long time! Silky smooth creamy goodness! You know us.. we over ordered way to much food which was alright here cause now we have lunch for tomorrow! Woohoo! Im such a porker!
3	I stopped here today after hearing so many good things about this place from my fellow clinicians.  It is solidly decent Thai food. Nothing that blew my socks off, but still quite tasty.  The lunch prices are better elsewhere, but I wouldn't let even that stop me from going back to try it again.  I would have given it 4 stars, but I'm still holding on to it until another dish on their menu is as good as I've been led to believe.
4	I found a goodie...and it's my new 'go-to' thai place in the new hood... yay!Thanks to Alexander and Jennifer's reviews, I decided to check out La's Thai Cuisine on Saturday night.  I was with Cindy C for the first visit (I actually went back a few nights later to do take-out on my own).  The place is adorable - it's in a shady little shopping center so I was glad we called to confirm the location before attempting to find it.  Soo (that's how she told us she spells her name) was our server - she may also be the owner.  She is sweet as can be.  Beware - everything is on the spicy side... I like it that way; we ordered medium spice and it was a tad much for CIndy.  The fresh rolls are fantastic - the basil stands out and they really do taste fresh!  The special salad (which I ordered during both my visits) comes with ginger dressing and it's a huge serving - just how i like it!  We also had the pad see-ew and mixed veggies with tofu.    With tip out the door, our first dinner was $20 each.  My take out for a big salad and entree (mixed veggies with tofu and I requested they add eggplant) was $16.  Not bad!I can't wait to explore more of what La's Thai has to offer - just don't tell too many people about it; I love these quiet little thai places just how they are!
4	You're right G! You did find a goodie...It's a great little joint with FANTASTIC food. The service was fantastic and while it's definitely in a "shady looking" strip mall (what's new we live in AZ) Everything from the salad to the entrees was delicious... although yes, it was a tad much spice when we ordered the medium level of spicy... Definitely check it out. It's yummy!
4	This place is definitely a great little hole in the wall. I've been there 4 or 5 times now since they opened (i think earlier in the Summer of '08). They did a good job of giving the place a face-lift. They are always very friendly and welcoming and the food is fantastic. So far the green curry is the best I've had, and the portions are huge and the price is reasonable and doesn't get to crowded. I think its a hidden gem.
5	This place really is great -- but it is HOT!  The medium is not for the faint of heart.My sis and I went Friday -- got the Larb (which I will agree should be ordered w/out the fish sauce) and the spicy basil chicken and green bean dish.Both were great, and the medium pretty much burned off our tastebuds, and we love spicy!I would most definitely recommend this place -- just be prepared if you order your food medium and up!
5	Without YELP, I would have never tried this place.  In other words, thank god for YELP!!This is seriously one of the better Thai places in town and it's worth the drive from N Scottsdale.  The last time I had Thom Kha Gai soup this good was in Thai town near Hollywood.  The coconut broth was a serious harmony of flavors:  sweet, creamy, sour, tangy..  OMG, it was sooooo good!  I asked for it spicy & I loved they way they added sliced thai red peppers to the soup instead of chile powder as they would at other places.  I did the 'tilting' of the bowl to get the last spoonful.  Yes, it was THAT good!I had a hard time choosing my entree, but ended up with the Spicy Wide Noodles with Shrimp..  The one thing I noticed is that everything tastes good because the flavors are blended together so well, like they put care into cooking a delicious spicy dish, rather than  just a flavorless spicy dish.  Anyways, the noodles were perfectly cooked and the shrimp seemed fresh and abundant.  Anyways, I'm hooked & can't wait to go back.  It was empty when I was there last time so I hope my 2cents will help to get the word out!
4	Having lived in Bangkok and living with a Thai partner, I have to admit I'm a bit picky when it comes to Thai food.  I came here one night with Alex C and we ordered an insane amount of food.The deboned and stuffed chicken wings were definitely the highlight.  Everything else was above average compared to other Thai places in town.  Portions were generous and the quality of ingredients quite high.  The Spicy Basil would have benefited from more basil to compliment the perfectly cooked tender beef.  The BBQ chicken was disappointingly bland and the sauce it was served with was too sweet and not what's traditionally used.  I was expecting the food to be spicier after reading the previous reviews.  Next time I'll have to ask them for Thai spicy.
5	I was a big fan of Char's on University and Rural. After they closed Char's, I had to search for another Thai Restaurant where food is not sweet.After quite a few disappointing trails, I finally decided to trust in random picks. That's when I googled for Thai food and found La Thai. After the first visit, I knew that I am going to be a regular. The first time, the food was tasty but not spicy and I had to spice it up a bit to match my taste. The cook/waiter remembered that and when I went there next time, they made sure that my food is extremely spicy... that's when I realized that my search is finally over. Now I have a thai place where I will be eating at least once every week!
4	i only agreed to eat here after reading yelp reviews.we live about a mile from this place, and i never wanted to go there because i don't trust anything in that strip center. however, after reading other yelpers reviews, i trusted that i wouldn't find a hunk of cat in my pad thai. and i was right.i actually had the yellow curry noodles with shrimp and the husband had pad thai. both were incredible and mine was plenty spicy at medium. i love curry and i wasn't disappointed; i would only like there to be a few more big hunks of veggies in it, rather than tons of sliced onions. that's why i only gave it four stars. if there had been more variety in veggies, then it would have been perfect. for $19.95 for both and with plenty left over, you can't beat it. we did carry-out and it was ready in 10 minutes, like they said. i don't know where this place came from (don't say Thailand), but it's great and i'm glad it's here. i'll be back for more, for sure.
2	I tried this place for lunch, and don't think I'll be going back.  I love panang curry, and was really dissappointed here.  I liked the heat this curry packed, but the lemon zing was wayyyyy too overpowering.... so much so that I didn't even eat the left overs  (and I always eat leftovers)!!Furthermore, this place was pretty pricey... for lunch I paid 10+ just for the curry and brown rice!Try Thai Basil if you're in the Tempe area, their curry is to die for!
1	I feel bad about this, but why, I'm the one who spent Friday night throwing up!  I walked in to pick up my to-go order of Red Curry Chicken with brown rice only to find a woman ordering the very same thing.  She enthusiastically praised the red curry and said that I would love it.  After that and the mostly good reviews on Yelp, I thought I was in for a treat.  The funny thing is, it was really good.  I thought that I found a great little gem.  The curry had tons of veggies and they even had brown rice, I was pleased as punch.  Skip forward to the next morning and I was feeling nauseous, by the afternoon I was in flat out pain and well, I won't tell you the rest.  I can only equate it to that meal, all I had before it was fruit and a piece of toast for breakfast and a Lean Cuisine for lunch.  I started feeling slightly ill that night after my dinner from La's and it progressed steadily from there.I feel bad because the meal was good and obviously the lady who so enthusiastically recommended the curry hadn't experienced this before.  I wish I could call her and ask her if she got sick too.  Maybe this was a fluke, but I'm sure as hell scared to try it again!   So, if you wanna know if the curry was good- yes it was.  I would have given it 4, maybe even 5 stars, unfortunately ruining my weekend brings it down to 1 star.  I feel compelled to say that the place seemed clean and the employee who helped me was nice, I am sad that I won't be going back.  Just don't say I didn't warn you.  Maybe just stay away from the curry?
5	Love this place. Anybody who throws up any of La's food just isn't accustomed to ethnic spice.
4	Still giving it four stars and I've eaten here four times since the first time I reviewed this places.I really like everything I've had, but my favorite is one that my husband got the last time: sweet curry with nuts. He likes nuts, but whatever.It sounds lame, but it's incredible. Spicy and sweet is such a great combo and I ate more of his, than my own spicy noodles. My dish was good, his was great. It's cheap for dinner; around $20 for both dishes, and is plenty of food for a second meal, later. La's: it's what's for dinner.
5	Perhaps the best Thai food I've in phoenix. Their red and green curries are strong and leaves you craving for more. The noodle dishes are also good. Affordable prices (around 10 bucks an entree) for a healthy portion of spicy, invigorating food. It is a small place, family run, with calming interior decor, not fancy, but intimate and down to earth.
3	Everyone is right, in that for Phoenix,  La's delivers some decent Thai food.  I had green curry shrimp ~ and was careful to ask for "little spicy".  Even then still had some kick.Went there for lunch and the food came out very quick and fresh.All in all it was good.  I'd go back.
4	Good authentic Thai food.  Their menu isn't as extensive as Thai Elephant, but their prices are cheaper, and they are much closer to my house!  Great place to grab some takeout, or bring a friend and eat in.  Good spring rolls, and excellent Chicken Basil.
4	I'm pleasantly surprised that La's is still in business... they are usually empty when I come in.  I've ordered mostly take out from La's over that last few months... and I've been extremely happy with quantity, quality, an cost!My latest order was the mixed veggies, add eggplant, light oil, and medium spice - yum!  I also had one order of the fresh summer rolls with shrimp.  Yum!I love both these dishes because they are tasty and light... I will continue to order from La's again and again... I hope that one day on a future visit, they will be packed.  They deserve it!  Craving thai cuisine?  Head over to La's!
4	La, la, la, la, laaaas. Hear me sing the praises of La's. I may be biased because it's my 'hood, but since discovering La's, it's my Thai joint of choice for when I'm craving curry, spring rolls, or Thai iced tea. To name just a few of the goodies featured there. La's is reasonably priced, you mos likely won't have to wait a century for a table and the food is generously portioned and actually tastes good. You know, like Thai food should!
4	Great Thai food in south Scottsdale. Excellent grilled thai beef salad (Larb) and the standby chicken panang. As spicey as you want it!
4	I've been to La's Thai a few times, since I work within walking distance, and haven't been disappointed with anything I've tried. They have a large menu with good lunch specials, friendly staff, and the food is good.My benchmark for a good Thai place is Massaman Curry and La's version is excellent. If you like peanut sauces, this is a definite must try. The Thai iced tea is delicious as well.It can get pretty busy around lunch time, but I've never had to wait too long for a meal. The dining area fits more people than you'd expect and manages to still feel like there's enough room.I'm working on getting some co-workers to try it out next time I go; one can only handle so much cafeteria food.
3	I'm still new to the world of Thai food, but following a friend's suggestion I opted to try the chicken satay and red curry (beef). The service was very friendly and fast, the restaurant calm and clean, and the food pretty good. They have lunch specials Mon-Fri from 11a-3p, and the portion is pretty large. I went around 2pm and they were not crowded so if you want to sit down and enjoy your food that'd be fine... but you can always get it to go and not have a long wait. I'll definitely be going back and trying to Spicy Basil!
4	I have been here several times, love it! typical Thai food, great service and good prices.
4	Love the pad thai. Love that it's walking distance from work. Little pricey but too good.
4	La's Thai has consistently good Pad Thai, has never messed up my order, and has a friendly staff.  Their other dishes are good too, but I keep returning to the Pad Thai.  The only thing I don't like, but you might, is that the yellow curry has pumpkin in it.  As I eat at La's a few times a month, I'm rounding up their rating to 4 stars.  If I get La's Thai cravings, they must be doing something right.
4	This location has always been some sort of Asian-inspired restaurant for as long as I can remember. They never seem to last, and quite frankly they've never really been all that good. It seems like FINALLY this has changed with La's Thai! I'm not sure how long La's has been here, but mom has been ordering takeout from this place pretty regularly for quite awhile now and always has good things to say about it. A couple months ago when I was home for a visit we tried ordering from here, but discovered they were closed on Sundays. When I was here over the Christmas holiday we tried again (the day before Christmas Eve) and were successful. My mom suggested that we split some spring rolls and Panang curry. Now, I'm a big eater and was skeptical about one appetizer and one entree being enough to split, but my mom insisted this would be more than enough food, and per usual she was correct! This place gives you a TON of curry...and it's delicious! Split between two people we still had leftovers. There are a a lot of vegetables (that taste fresh) and the chicken was tender. The spring rolls were yummy as well, and surprisingly not too greasy. When I went to go pick up our order the place wasn't that big, but I actually thought it looked pretty nice and I wouldn't hesitate to dine-in with a few friends. The food is affordable and if the other entrees are the same portions as the curry, you certainly get your moneys worth. One thing I have to say about this place (and for me this isn't a bad thing at all), is IMO the curry is a bit on the spicy side (but I like mine spicy!). I generally find Thai curry to be less spicy than Indian curry and I ordered "medium" (with the other options being "mild" or "spicy") to balance things out for me and mom (who has been know to find "mild" salsa to be spicy), and it had a good kick. She later informed me that she normally orders mild from La's, but she was able to handle it. When I'm back visiting the 'rents, I'll definitely come back to La's Thai!
3	In a scramble on Valentine's Day, La's Thai managed to save dinner.  The plan was for Hottie to pick up Tottie's on his way home... which apparently is closed on Mondays! La's had received good reviews, so he decided to give it a try.  He ordered me the Green curry with Tofu and brown rice, and chicken Panang curry for him. My curry was very tasty, with just the right amount of heat. My only complaint is that I have so many bamboo shoots to poke around it was annoying.  Hottie seemed to be pleased with his curry as well.  I guess my dilemma here is that it was good, not the best I'd had, but certainly decent.  So, do I score them a 3 or a 4? Ugg, this is when I wish yelp let you give  1/2 stars!   Based on the sheer genius of some of their competitors' curries, I'm going to have to go with a 3.  But for what it is worth, in my mind it's a 3.5.
4	I have been coming here for years. It is consistent. I have always had pleasant experiences. One time I brought my mother here and she wanted fried calamari for an appetizer. PROBLEM. Fried calamari was not on the menu. The waitress was accommodating  and prepared my mother her special request. I always get the fresh rolls. I love the taste of the crisp basil and the delightful dipping sauce. A great change from the deep fried rolls. I suggest the red curry seafood with rice noodles (instead of plain rice). YUMMO!!! And it's enough for 2 meals!! If this place delivered I would be ordering weekly!
4	I've been here a few times, never been disappointed.  My first time, I told them I wanted my curry dish spicy....never again.  Tasty but I was sweating like crazy after wards.  Very good thai food for the buck.  A side note: the dipping sauce the spring rolls come with is fantastic.  Overall very delicious place.
4	This is one of the best thai places in town! I work nearby and I know plenty of colleagues that come here for lunch--its always packed! Despite that, the service is great and I never have to wait long to get my spicy chicken red curry on! I love the portions of food for the prices. Lunch specials range from $5-$8--very reasonable for the amount of food you get. I've tried the pad thai as well and its very tasty! The fried rice is excellent as well. I love that their curry never tastes watered down like other places I've tried--theres loads of veggies and can be customized for spice level--though I usually order medium heat.
5	Great Pad Thai, highly recommended. Surprised by the low price and large portion. I haven't tried other dishes but the pad thai was authentic and tasty.
4	I'm going to keep this short and sweet... I don't like Thai food that much. Not a huge fan anyway. I am giving it 4 stars because that's what it already has. The spring rolls are excellent - very fresh and crispy. A little more flavor would be my only complaint if you twisted my arm to come up with something to complain about.The summer rolls are good as well. I had some pad thai, but the peanut smell prevented me from enjoying it. It's probably good if you like that sort if thing. I couldn't tell you. I will try it again - it's really close. Next time, I'll have a look at a menu and actually pick something out.
3	I eat here on a regular basis because it's the only Thai food close to my office (that stuff they call Thai at Totties doesn't cut it).  I moved here a few years ago from Silicon Valley, where I was spoiled by the plethera of excellent Thai restaurants.  That said, I'm picky about my Thai food.  La's is very good at Tom Kha Gai soup, my favorite.  Their papaya salad is good as well.  Green curry is another favorite, but I had one bad experience with it there (watery and no flavor) so I rarely order it.  Their Thai spicy fried rice is excellent.  I haven't tried much else as the few times I tried something different I wasn't too pleased.  But all in all, the food is good enough to repeatedly visit for the items I know they do well.  The staff is very friendly and accomodating.
4	I ordered the Beef Red Curry medium spicy.  Loved it! Anytime I feel a hankering, I go to this place. Great dishes!!
5	Ordered the chicken red curry...delicious...great little thai place hiding in a dead strip mall.
4	It was my second time here last night.  We had the friend wontons w/ sweet and sour sauce for our appetizer, spicy noodles and salt and pepper beef.  I liked the first two dishes but the last one didn't have much flavor.  It didn't help that my bf ordered it spicy so it was a bit too hard to eat.  I really liked that red curry which is what I ordered the first time I came.. the beef salad was good as well but I had better beef salad somewhere else.All in all, decent food, good service, and I will definitely come back to this place.
5	My first time eating Thai food and La's Thai Cuisine and it did not disappoint! Thai food has always been on my list but I never was intrigued enough to go out and try it until now. I'm glad I did because its absolutely delicious! We went during lunchtime on a weekday afternoon and the place was packed! After eating, I can see why. The portions are huge and cheap. What more can you ask for?We were given an ordinary salad (ice burg, carrots, and tomatoes)  with a very sweet tasting vinaigrette. Didn't really enjoy it because it was too sweet for my liking but it was free so I shouldn't be complaining [: It took us a long time to order because I am a very indecisive person and everything sounded so good. They had Chinese type dish on their menu which I try not to want because I want to try Thai. We end up ordering a peanut curry with chicken and pad thai with tofu. The peanut curry came with rice and the pad thai came with a mix of lettuce and cabbage. Both came with a vegetable eggroll. We asked for medium spicy which was a little bit too spicy for me because I can't tolerate it too much but medium was enough spicy for my friend. Next time, I would definitely go mild. How it work is you pick your dish then they ask you to pick your protein. I think its between beef, seafood, chicken, tofu, or vegetable. Then you pick your spice level. Oh and we ended up ordering mango sticky rice for dessert. Sweet sticky rice topped with coconut milk and a side of mango. It was delicious! My friend said it tasted like the one he had in Thailand and when we spoke to the owner, he said he makes the sweet sticky rice fresh everyday [: (I liked the black sweet rice more and my friend likes the white one but whichever one you order should be fine cause they are delicious!)Overall we enjoy the food very much. I can't wait to try other Thai dishes from here. Only downfall is I live so far away but I found out the owner lives near me out in East Mesa. Poor guy. Commuting must be a pain. I would definitely recommend this place. Now I think I'm brave enough to try other Thai places.Thanks La's Thai Cuisine for giving me such a good first experience!
3	I ordered the pad-see-ew which is like pad thai but with really wide noodles. I found it to just taste peppery and didn't like it much. I'd give it 2 stars for that.But my wife ordered the penang curry and that was mighty tasty. I'd give that 4 stars.  So, I'll just split the difference and give it 3 overall.A tip: Soda is just a buck, but they bring you a can with a cup of ice instead of filling a cup from a soda fountain.
4	Yummy pad Thai and garlic and pepper beef
5	Satori to Kaigen! (Enlightenment and Spiritual Awakening!)1st review.  Nervous and working on an empty stomach, with the only exception being the half loaf of French bread and herb-butter I had consumed prior to dinner. Thinking Asian all day and being an incapable decision maker, I rely on Yelp and the assistance of a small list and a single 6 sided cube with dots on it.  I jotted down 6 prominent businesses, held my breath and flicked a wrist.  A "2" brought me to La's Thai Cuisine!Peeped the website and open til 9:30, score! My eye spotted closing time was at 9:00 though!  Arriving on the scene at 8:49, poorly reverse parking my Honda in two spots because I was worried that they were closed.  They weren't, I was met by a Thai beauty introducing herself as Lisa.  I humbly asked for takeout, my adventure begins with the opening door...Smells are incredible.  Having thought they were closed, I had forgotten what I was going to order! I rifled through the menu, feeling as if the whole kitchen was watching (they weren't) but she instructed me to take my time; So I ordered a soup, a salad, an entree, a dessert and a side of brown rice. They kindly ask me for my preference on the degree of heat, on each item, I asked for not the hottest but close to the top.#17  Mixed Vegetable Soup: StellarCulinary Thought: Clear, piping, spicy and vegetable packed. Ninja Eating Plan: Gently lay over white and brown rice, alternately.# 9   Papaya Salad (Som-Tum): PhenomenalCulinary Thought: I got shrimp on the side, due to allergies.  This was probably the most awesome experience of the evening.  They even "fenced in" the shrimp within a Masai-esqe cage of cabbage, to prevent their oceanic brine from invading the delicate papaya, sprout and carrot forest. Spice and crunch with every munch. Beautiful.Ninja Eating Plan: Try not to be seen scarfing this down in front of a date, it's that awesome. Fortunately, my sister was only present and she knows I can eat like a pig and sound like one, too.# 53 Peanut Curry (Panang curry style, comes with rice!): UmamiCulinary Thought: I don't like coconut. I do now. The lemon and coconut milk rises through the savory peanut curry.  Tofu was my protein option, it was done perfectly.  Green beans provided great consistency in this masterful crescendo.Ninja Eating Plan: Laid over rice, alternately brown and white rice, interrupted by the occasional, gorgeous, curry-only spoonful.  Coconut Ice Cream: YumCulinary Thought: I was reeling at this point but I wanted to continue this experience.  As I stated earlier, coconut is not my thing but I believe in giving things a fair try, so I did.  Coconut ice cream is delicious. Coconut pulp, or meat, I still have a texture issue with, but the honey swirl throughout the ice cream made this delectable.Ninja Eating Plan: Use the cooling ice cream energy to return your body back to normalcy. Perfect coda for the culinary symphony.I will be back.  I plan to have every dish vegetarian style.  Family-run places are truly number 1.  Overall experience of the Culinary Ninja: PAVLOVDo you hear the sound of a bell chiming?
5	In town on business and stopped here for lunch based on prior Yelp reviews. Friendly service and a lightening-fast salad starter helped mollify my tummy when the lunch itself ran a tad slow. But BOY! This is one of the best Thai currys I have had ANYWHERE! I had a red curry/medium spicy chicken with pumpkin (seasonal) that was just the right spiciness and creaminess, without being starchy........you just wanted to keep eating after you were full.  I was truly bummed that I couldn't take the leftovers back to the hotel with me. Sigh.  Will come here again if I am back in the area.  Or just dream of that curry sauce......
4	The Thai food here is pretty good. The service is your typical Asian service :/ and the Thai iced tea is a great deal. It comes in a big glass and is delicious! For only $2!!I'll be getting take out from here often.
5	This little hidden gem of a Thai restaurant on the southeast corner of Mcdowell & Hayden roads (next to the Subway) is simply fantastic Thai food (some of the best I've had in the States, and I've spent considerable time in Thailand), and the we go every two weeks or so. I've never had anything that has been anything other than fantastic. To start with, the salads are excellent...Larb salad (odd name, I know) is good, the silver noodle salad (the clear noodles really add to the salad), and shrimp salad is our favorite, very simple, but excellent dressing and the shrimp are flavored/grilled to perfection.The pad thai, the most standard Thai dish, was excellent as expected, but the Rad Nar is my favorite noodle dish from La's.For curry, the red is what I see other people ordering the most when there, but my favorite curry is the sweet masaman, and La's makes a good masaman. The pineapple curry is good too, and if it's the available, the seasonal pumpkin curry is unique and delicious. As to the other dishes, they're all good... but without a doubt, the highlight of the rest of the menu is the spicy salmon dish...spicy salmon, NOT breaded, with vegetables in a dark, spicy sauce is simply amazing...not enough words to describe this. The salmon is crispy, and holds the flavor of the dish. The vegetables fantastic. To wash it down, the Thai tea is a great deal...$2...where other places it's $3 or $4. Lastly, the service is good...just a standard little unpretentious Thai spot, with a couple of very sweet little Thai ladies working there... they're friendly and the food is out quick, whether for dine in or takeout. Great spot!
5	I like to enjoy there  garlic pepper chicken, I order it medium and it is plenty hot enough for me. I generally go there for lunch when I am in town on business , the lunch meal comes with a salad & egg roll. The salad dressing is a homemade Thai Vinaigrette . This place gets crowded from about 11:45-12:30pm, so just allow yourself enough time or get your meal to go.
5	Great Curry's ( I love their red and peanut curry), the spicy eggplant is excellent. All in all I have not had a bad meal here.
4	La Thai and Lao Thai are almost similar in name, and they are also very close by in location.  I am not sure if the owners are the same (something I probably will ask next time).  Nevertheless, La Thai is another spectacular authentic Thai cuisine.  I didn't dine here, but the seating space and size of the restaurant is a little smaller.  It is a coincidence that I ordered for take-out.I ordered the Pad Kra Pow Spicy Basil Chicken and Larb Chicken Salad.  I was very pleased with both dishes.  I ordered medium, and the food was a little mild.   I have to probably say spicy or specify that I am Indian and have a Thai best friend.  Nevertheless, the flavors were tangy and flavorful like many of the Thai restaurants I have been to in LA.
5	yellow curry mmmmmmm   mmm  good!
3	Having just moved to Scottsdale, I decided to try a couple of nearby places. My cousin (sweety) was in  the mood for Thai, and on this stormy night, it was close to where we live. A cute little place in a non-descript stripmall, The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the heat. As in temperature...nothing gets the meal off to a bad start when you can't dine in comfort.Even though I'm hot (lol), I ordered the Tom Yum soup. for 4.25 its a big bowl with 2 shrimp swimming in a zesty, SPICY broth. I ordered the soup Med-hot and that was plenty hot. YUM! After sipping the soup, our server took requests for dinner, we started with another appetizer: Larb. The flavor was very good, just the right amount of mint and other secret spices....but the mountain of lettuce it is served on was perplexing. Every Thai restaurant I've been to serves Larb with Iettuce leaves, so one can make it a wrap, this was a nice twist on the presentation, but I prefer the more traditional style.   Here is one of my pet peeves at a restaurant....Why, for the love of God do servers find it necessary to bring out the appetizers followed immediately by the main course???? By the time I'm finished, the main entree is cold! Common sense, folks!The green curry was the best dish of the meal, fully of artery blocking coconut milk, this baby had ooomph!  Hot, savory, filled with tender beef and lots of veggies!The pad thai was average at best, I sensed no love in this dish, just a pile of noodles...no distinct veggies, no crunchy peanuts on the top...no scallions either. The taste was better than the looks, I'd give it a C+ if i was forced to grade.Good news is that they are open until 9 and take plastic, bad news; no beer/wine is served. We brought our own sensing that we would be out of luck in the beer/wine dept and were told we were not allowed to drink it as they don't have a BYO license. I didn't know there was such a thing. Phoenix is nothing like Chicago as for as a preponderance of BYOs. I wish it were. Oh well that is another discussion for another day.The service was efficient, too efficient in my opinion. I would definitely come back, but ONLY for take out, where in can eat at my own pace, have a beer with dinner, and dine in the air-conditioned comfort of my own home.There are other Thai restaurants in the area, I'm anxious to compare.
4	The short: Tasty Thai, very friendly service, and a clean, well-lit, comfortable, and quiet strip mall space.The long:La's Thai is just south of the gas station on the southeast corner of Hayden and McDowell, and there's plenty of parking in front and behind the complex, with a handy backdoor if you're in the back. We were greeted by some very friendly young women and told to pick a table--plenty to choose from at 7 pm on a Saturday as there were just a couple of tables taken and a couple of people ordering takeout (more came in as the night went on). Decor is a little generic, but comfortable and interesting, with a few of the tables sporting some pretty woven cloths and some carved wood art on the walls. We had the fresh rolls, satay, stuffed chicken wings, Pad Thai at medium heat, Panang curry at medium heat, and white sticky rice with mango (purple rice was an option, but our server said she favored white, so we went with that). The fresh rolls were going to be my step-daughter's entree, but she's allergic to cucumbers, and I was a bonehead and forgot to ask if the rolls used them--of course they did, and our server offered to take them away and bring something else for her. We decided to just have her eat the satay as her entree while the rest of us used the fresh rolls as our app. We ordered a Thai tea, iced tea, and young coconut drink (it came in a tall can that served two) to drink. All the beverages were tasty.All the apps came together, including the spring rolls kiddo had ordered as her entree, which was fine because we switched her meal around, anyway. Everything was very good, although I was a little baffled by the big scoops of either cabbage, lettuce, or both that accompanied every dish except for the stuffed wings and Panang curry. I initially wondered if the stuff was a garnish, but there was way too much of it. It was fine with the satay, and we ate bites of cabbage with the chicken and the delicious peanut sauce it came with, although that sauce strangely started to congeal a little bit as the meal went on. That didn't affect its flavor, though. The satay chicken was wonderful--tender and moist, slightly sweet and aromatic with spices. The lettuce scoop didn't make sense with the fresh rolls, which were already stuffed with greens. The peanut sauce that came with the spring rolls was even better than the satay's, and yay, it stayed completely liquid! Neither of the peanut sauces were sweet (I swear some places use Jif peanut butter), and they had that nice umami flavor with a slightly sour edge that I love in Thai peanut sauce. The fresh rolls were, indeed, fresh--lettuce, pops of flavorful herbs, glass noodles, crunchy chopped cucumber, and fresh, chewy wrappers. We were divided on the stuffed wings. An interesting idea--a dense pork filling in boned, fried, full-size wings (not drummettes!). It was well cooked and the chicken skin had a nice crisp to it, but the filling, and thus the whole dish, was just underwhelming.I liked the Pad Thai, although it was lighter on veggies than I'm used to; but it's exactly as described in the menu: "Small rice noodles stir-fried with shrimp, chicken, egg, green onion, bean sprouts and peanuts." La's is a very noodle-centric dish, but the noodles were perfectly cooked--not gummy, clumpy, oily--a good chew without being undercooked, and loose so each noodle came up separately. The proteins were also perfectly cooked--not dry and over cooked like a lot of Pad Thais I've had. As for the heat--I couldn't find it, so it was more mild than medium. I think the Panang curry got all my chili.The curry was thick, rich, and packed with peanut flavor, again without being too sweet, and overall tasty. The veggies were cooked well with just some crunch to them, and the chicken was again tender and moist. It came with a big side of rice--plenty to make at least two servings of food. We all loved the sticky rice with mango. Such a beautifully simple dish--a generous serving of sweet rice coated with coconut cream and two big hunks of sweet, fresh yellow mango; this was one of the best versions we've had--every component just right.Overall, while there are plenty of good Thai spots in the area, I wouldn't pass La's Thai if I were in the area.
1	If I could rank them lower than 1 star I would. I have a wheat allergy, i figured I'd give them a try since Thai food usually uses rice/rice noodles. I ordered the green curry, asked the server again of the noodles were rice, took a few bites ... The flavor was great, but the noodles had an awfully soft texture. I called the server over and and again asked if the noodles were rice and she said let me check. Whoa!!  She came back out of the kitchen and said they are WHEAT noodles, not rice like it says on the menu!! The she says " ya, we need to change that.". YA THINK!  I walked out, hopefully I won't get too sick. So far my face is swollen and numb, my neck and shoulders are numb and I can't wait to see how I'm feeling tomorrow!  I am so angry!!  Huge mistake, a lot of people can get sick from eating
4	I practically live within walking distance of La's, and enjoy getting takeout a handful of times per month. My favorite dish is the peanut curry (panang) with chicken. I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy, but I always order at a medium spice level. I'll be drooling by the time I'm finished, but it's just so darn good!I've also tried the red curry, green curry, spicy eggplant, tom kha gai, and pad Thai, and everything is great. The portions are definitely large enough to make two meals/servings. No matter what time of day I call, my order is always ready in exactly 10 minutes. The girls who answer the phone and work the counter are very sweet and polite.
2	I'm conflicted. This place is super close to my house, the staff is super friendly, and they always have my to-go order ready when they promise. They've never messed up an order and the food is always fresh. The problem is I always end up with a headache after eating the food, so they must be using the dreaded MSG.  So if that doesn't affect you, you will totally love this place...but it does affect me, to the tune of raging headaches.I always get the red curry with extra vegetables and no meat, medium spice. If you're a vegetarian, you'll see they don't have any meatless appetizers, except for the Thai egg rolls (good, btw), with plenty of sauce included for to-go orders.
5	this place is awesome - both the green and yellow curry are great, and i love the thai iced tea!
4	I've been in once.  I had spicy noodles with tofu.  delicious.  I also got a red curry to go.  It was also very good.  My mother had pad thai and took a pineapple salmon curry to go.  win-win-win.  And another win for the thai iced coffee.  Four meals and two beverages for less than $50 and it was all delicious. The portions were large too. I will be back for more.
4	Good food and fast service. I like the spicy noodles and the yellow curry.
1	I am torn. I used to love this place. It is right by work, so it is super convenient and their grilled calamari salad is so flavorful and filling, that once I take a bite, I crave it for the rest of my AZ visit.Here is my problem: their food is great and I have really enjoyed everything I've had there, but the last time I was there I got the WORST food poisoning of my entire life. While on travel for work, sick as a dog, not able to even drink water for days, stuck in a hotel room, and losing critical days of onsite work time - my stomach is still not 100%.So how do I rate this place? On the flavor, I'd give 4 stars easy. But, I can't offer my recommendation in case someone else gets sick. (I had the coconut soup and the fresh spring rolls when I got sick). I did call them the next day and let them know, and they apologized, but that was it. So... if you want to risk it, and stick with fully cooked food, you may get a nice Thai meal. Or you may go on what I am now calling "The Salmonella Diet".  :-X
2	After nearly six years of eating here, today was a shocking experience.  I ordered papya salad, and it tasted OFF.  Too fishy, not enough zing.  I sent it back after a few bites, declining for another plate.  Much to my surprise, THEY MADE ME PAY FOR IT.  That's the last of my dollars you will ever receive!  Didn't even TELL me.  Just dropped the check and said sorry the owner says you have to pay becuase you didn't get anything else.  What?  I was afraid to order more after receiving what appeared to be turned shrimp?  So I have to pay for your food I didn't eat?
5	My fav place!  Delicious curries!  Very friendly staff.  It's casual dining, but I don't require fancy atmosphere in order to have good food.
5	Great Thai food for its price!
4	La's was a "hole in the wall" type restuarant with a quaint atmosphere. They give you chicken and shrimp with pad thai- typically you just get either or. The lady who served us was so nice and everything was delicious. They gave me so much Pad Thai- I have leftovers! I plan on going back sometime soon!
4	it was a good experience with good food
4	Yellow curry and pad thai were on point. Spring roll and wonton apps were tasty too. Lady who took my order was a sweetheart. My new takeout thai place for sure.
5	I love this place. The food is always excellent and fresh. The red curry is my favorite item and I find myself craving it all the time. The curry has a perfect balance of sweet and spicy and the veggies always have the right amount of crunch. I also love the chow mein, orange chicken and spicy fried rice. The restaurant is very clean and you can see into the kitchen which also looks clean. My food is always ready in about 10 minutes for take out and the service is very friendly.
2	Ive had two things from here.  Spicy Basil Chicken: Meh.  Didnt really taste like basil at all, save for when I actually got a basil leaf in with my chicken bite, which was like three times.  Flavor lacking, but it was definitely edible.  The chicken was cooked wonderfully.Peanut chicken:  Fuck you, La's Thai cuisine.  It was chicken rolled in peanut butter.  I am not kidding.  I ate a glob of peanut butter with chicken.  It was chunky peanut butter too.  No other seasonings could have been involved.  Pretty sad about it, drenched it in Siracha and soy sauce to no avail.  I will not be eating here again.
4	Wow, that is great panang curry!  Impressively wonderful smell too.  It is criminal that I've not managed to make it back in a while.  It just isn't on my normal route.
3	I just moved a few blocks away from this restaurant. I love Thai food and curry is among one of my all time favorite foods.I decided to try it after reading the mostly good reviews. I got my food to go but stepping inside, it was quaint and smelt delicious.I ordered the yellow curry mild. I have to be honest, it didn't knock my socks off. I've had some phenomenal yellow curry and the yellow curry at La's was just okay. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I definitely want to try some of their other dishes but I won't be rushing back for their curry anytime soon.
5	My first time here.   Great hole in the wall Lao style Thai restaurant.    I ordered paht ki mao lao style hot, drunken noodles.   First off, the portion is huge and its tasty.   I'm particular on my spice and they nailed it.   The waitress was helpful.  I will definitely come back to try their Som Tum, (green papaya salad) and other entrees.
5	Very good thai food. Prices are good, portions are great. We had the phad thai, yellow curry and pad see ew family style. Everything was very tasty and our waitress was very nice and helpful. The restaurant is very small but is great for sit-down as well as take-out. Will be back!
4	Great Chicken Curry. Just be careful if you get the spiciest of the spicy because they don't play around. The fresh rolls are really good to, and they're giant, in fact both portions were real big. All in all I'm a fan and am excited to try more of the menu.
5	This restaurant is simple but very clean.  The staff is very friendly and prices are reasonable.  The food we ordered,  for pickup,  tasted great!  I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	I really like the green curry.  The staff is friendly and prices are reasonable.  The restaurant always looks clean.  It's nice to have a good Thai restaurant in S. Scottsdale.
4	Ummm. One word delicious!  Authentic and fresh. My husband and I went on a rainy day and sampled a few items on the menu and enjoyed each bite. I recommend the yellow curry and silver noodle salad an absolute must along with anything else they are dishing up.
1	By far the worst pad thai I have ever had. This place is anything but authentic. I have been sick since I ate it. Pad Thai is traditionally made gluten free if its authentic, after four of five bites I could tell their pad thai was not authentic (god knows what was in it) and I am suffering the effects of eating it a few days later. I am allergic to wheat and never have had an issue as I always order pad thai it's a safe go to dish. Maybe there other dishes are decent but man this pad thai was just awful. I wont be back, there are much more authentic and better thai places in Scottsdale.
5	My husband and I have takeout from here far more often than I care to admit.... Chicken pad Thai!!! Yum! I'm not a big Thai connoisseur, so I cannot speak to the authenticity of this place, but I love every bite and eat takeout from here probably once a week. The lady who owns it is super nice and friendly. They are a small shop so don't come here if you're in a big rush. Overall I love La's and will continue coming here and enjoying the food!
4	I really like La's Thai, their food is consistent, portions generous, and heat level perfect. They are a bit lacking on atmosphere and lighting, so it's not romantic, just functional. We usually place our order to go. The girls at the register are very accommodating and sweet. This is our go-to place for Thai to go.
5	We love this place! Panang curry is fantastic and loaded with fresh ingredients. My kids love the fried rice. The Thai iced coffee is wonderful! The staff is friendly, and we always get great service.
4	This is mine and my boyfriend's favorite thai restaurant. We get takeout from here quite often. Love the girls that work there, always nice and friendly and the food is great!
5	This is my all time favorite Thai place in Arizona. Great food, generous portions and a very friendly staff. Dinner for two for $22 with enough leftover for lunch the next day. I go at least once a week and consistently fantastic. This is our go to Thai place.
5	Huge fan! The Panang Curry is my favorite. I graduated spice level the more I went in. Thai spicy is now a must! Soups and appetizers are really good as well. Priced well and the staff is always great.
5	We love this place. The curry is the best, portions are huge and the staff are so friendly. We order from here 3-4 times a month and have never had a bad experience.
5	I know good Thai food And this place is awesome. My husband got the yellow beef curry and I got the red salmon curry. It was very tasty and the waitress was really sweet. I will definitely go here again. The fried banana with coconut ice cream is great too.
5	I love their Pad-See-Ew so much! I love when noodle dishes have a 50/50 split between noodles and veggies/meat. So delicious!  Also the pineapple curry with salmon is a really unique treat that I can't stop ordering. La's is my favorite spot for Thai take out.
5	Ordered take out for first time right before closing. It was really fresh and delicious. I ordered the wonton soup and spicy noodle with tomatoes...loved it. Will definitely be ordering again, highly recommend.
5	Yummy - best way to describe the food here. Fairly authentic and they will spice it to your taste level if you ask. My favorite dish is the Red Curry with Beef (spice level 8) while my family loves several different stir-fried noodle dishes. Very friendly owner and staff. Service is fast and efficient. Wonderful neighborhood restaurant that is highly recommended for both eat-in and take-out. One of the very best Thai Restaurants in the Phoenix metro-area !!!
4	This place is great!  After many failed restaurants at this location, we finally have a winner.  I've tried all the coconut milk curries and you can't go wrong with any of them.  It can get busy during lunch time.  Reasonable prices and friendly service.
5	Best Thai food in the East Valley for my money... I've always taken it to go and it's always phenomenal.  Green curry, red curry, yellow curry, panang... You really just can't go wrong.  Plus, once received some sage words of wisdom from the owners daughter, bit like a scene out of a rom-com, but I wasn't mad at it.
3	This is a tiny dine in restaurant.   So I would not go with a large group.   The typical Thai curries are served,  red and green.   They offer nice lunch specials.   The service is nice and timely.
5	I enjoying eating at La's Thai. I have never had anything bad off the menu. The yellow curry bowl is my favorite! So good!
4	Came late afternoon. Only a few people in the place but tons of take-out occurred while we were there. Really great Pad Thai, they put it on a bed of cabbage which I stirred all up in and it was fresh and crunch and flavorful. Salad rolls fresh and excellent. The soup was really "milky" with coconut/cream. Different than I have had for Tom Ka, but it was okay. Just not the norm, no big pieces of cool roots, mainly some chicken and mushrooms in milky coconut broth, no steaming fire bowl (sigh).  Staff really helpful and friendly, older lady in the kitchen checked in on us. Lunch specials a good way to try everything.
4	Haven't been here in a while. Prior meals were really good with moderate pricing, nice atmosphere and nicely oresented.
4	Good Thai! And very reasonable prices, orange chicken is delicious.This place is great for dine in and take out
4	The food was excellent! I had the yellow curry and it is one of the best I have had in the valley! I would give then five stars if it was not for when I asked to have my leftovers to go the waitress bought the bag and containers to me. At first I didn't think much about it because she was kind of busy and the only waitress.  But then I realized she was rushing to sit down and talk to her boyfriend.
4	Cozy, comfortable, consistently a pleasure to eat here. Oh yes, and the food, it's delicious! A real gem. Check this place out.
4	Great food in large servings, plus the free small salad was a nice touch. I was hoping they served beer so I could get some Leo or Chang but still a good lunch.
5	I love this place. I have seriously eaten here once a week for five years. I always tell everyone you have to try their version of Yellow Curry. (It has pumpkin in it!) and a Thai Iced Tea. The Staff is super sweet.  - Jason ;)
5	A nice little surprise - glad I gave it a try! Though it's in a strip mall in south Scottsdale, it's actually quite charming inside: nicely decorated with a warm, inviting staff. And since I'm a Panang Curry fiend (seriously I order it most everywhere I go for Thai, especially on a first visit -- it's kind of the bar by which I measure a Thai place), I ordered it here. And I was pleasantly surprised! At first when they told me there were only 3 levels of spiciness, I was a bit worried. I usually order 8 out of 10, because I love it spicy but sometimes "Thai hot" can be just a touch too spicy for me. But too bland is dull, so I went with option 3.  Not only was their Panang curry (I got it with shrimp) at least as good as anywhere else in the Valley, the spiciness was deliciously complex, and had a little something I don't recall tasting in other Thai, which added something special to it. Kind of an aromatic nut-like spicy flavor -- just a hint of it -- within the typical Panang curry flavor. The balance of spices and heat was perfect. I would definitely eat here again - though I live on the other side of town. The atmosphere and decor are on the elegant side of casual -- so it's not really a date night kind of place, but would be great for a casual lunch or dinner with friends or even a casual business lunch. The Thai tea was good, too!
5	Orange chicken and beef with broccoli is the best! Also, the sauce with the chicken satay is the best!
