1	As far as I know, this place is still a scary but quiet local ghetto dive located next to a ghetto Circle K and a ghetto laundromat. I used to live in the area and had my car stolen twice from my apartment complex - on the nicest part of this block. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone but spanish-speaking or bilingual locals. I still stop at the Circle K once in awhile, but apart from having a cool dive bar name I think this tiny strip is worthless. I'm almost scared to give this place a 1 star review - like the bar is going to come after me or something. Actually though, the people I remember hanging out at this place seemed pretty nice and low-key... just hard working folks trying to get a beer. Really, I just wanted to add this business and not review it - but that wasn't an option.
5	Actually, in response to the previous poster, let me begin by saying that it is indeed in a pretty ghetto strip mall.However, coming from Chicago, this pales in comparison to the neighborhoods I have seen.  Actually, this is THE place to go in the "hood" for cheap drinks.  The crowd is quite mixed, and the bartenders are all quite friendly.  They pour a REALLY strong drink, and will call ya a cab if you need one.  I suggest that if you live in the immediate area, consider stopping in and see what a REAL dive bar is like.  New Times checked it out once as well:http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2008-04-24/music/booze-pig-s-looking-for-the-missing-t-at-closing-soon-saloon/My wife and I go there for the cheap booze, good companionship, and NO attitude from the bartenders like ya might get at other unnamed local estabishments.
5	Augie I have to disagree with you .I don't believe it's a ghetto bar.We have only a few ghetto people that come in there.The rest is like you or me,It's a fun place to go and you are safe there maybe 3 mishaps in 25 years.Ask me how I know because I worked there for many years.Yea you get to rowdy and the bartender will calm you down.It is very safe for women to come along,some one will walk them out if they are scared.The bathrooms are cold in the winter and burning up in the summer.The owner is very cool and funny,it is by most people referred to as the toliet.Please go and try it out,great juke box is great.You will feel very much at home.Try it out and tell them RW sent you. It's a dive you will love it.
4	I love to explore dive bars in every city I visit because it's an opportunity to meet locals and learn about other must see spots.  This is a cash only bar and there is no sign that informs you of this. It is just assumed because of its location and the dive reputation. I went during the day so got seats right on the bar.  There were only a few people.  I don't know how crowded it gets during evening hours.  Very friendly bartender and customers.  I would definitely go again.
4	Nice little dive bar next to a laundromat. How perfect is that! the beer was cold, the patrons and bartenders were friendly, and they have sports on tv. This isn't a fancy joint,  but I had a great time there. I will be going back. This is a working class bar, and I like places like this.
