4	This facility has an abundance of reading materials.  There is a very good selection of CD's.  You will also find a decent selection of movies.  The wireless connectivity is pretty good.
5	the children's section is downstairs and it is cozy and kid friendly. i like that they pull the seasonal books out and put them out in a special section. being a  teacher, it makes it easy to grab books pertaining to the current holiday/season. every person that i have encountered at this particular library has been friendly and helpful. they do have dvds to rent here but the selection is very limited. upstairs is adult fiction and nonfiction, as well as the computer section. the whole upstairs is the quiet section and it is great for studying, reading, etc. lots of chairs in nooks and crannies make it nice for spending quality reading time.the design of the building is wonderful. the outdoor patio is open in the summer and it looks fantastic. all of the windows and glass really let a lot of natural light in. they did a brilliant job separating the quiet upstairs (adult section) and the louder downstairs (children's, dvds, cds, checkout). generally, parking is good (except on election days). returns are easy (drive through outside or right as you walk in the door). checkout is quick and i have never had to wait in line. the hold section is downstairs under the stairs and you can request any book within the charlotte library system. it usually only takes a few days and you can request books online.other than the puny dvd section, this place is a perfect local library.
5	Out of all the library locations in Charlotte, this one is hands down my favorite. I was spoiled with this location when I lived a few blocks away from it and even though I live near Uptown now, will still make an occasional trip down to visit. You definitely don't get the creepy Ghostbusters library vibe when you walk into South County nor does stink of vagabonds like the Uptown location! It's a huge, two story facility and has just about everything you could want in a library. Lots of parking spaces, computers to use with free Internet access (you just have to sign up ahead of time to get a time flow), huge circular reading area with just about every magazine imaginable at your disposal along with an abundance of natural light. They have a terrific selection of cd's and dvd's to check out and you can check out the cd's for three to four weeks plus they often have book, magazine and dvd sales. The one thing I especially miss about this location is that they used to have a coffee cart so you could enjoy a book while sipping on some java. RIP coffee cart.
5	I've been to many of PLCMC's branches and this is by far the best one -- and now, fittingly, its my neighborhood library! If I am not mistaken they are the largest library outside of the Main Branch in the entire PLCMC system. If the book you want is owned by PLCMC, you will likely find it here, and if not they will quickly have it sent to you!There are plenty of places to sit and read, whether you need a table for work or a comfy chair to cuddle up with a great read. There is even a peaceful courtyard with a garden and water fountains if you would like to take your book outside. WiFi is free and there are ample computers to use upstairs if you didn't bring your own. New arrivals, both fiction-and non-fiction, are conveniently located right by the checkout counters, and its hard for me to leave without grabbing one or two more from these shelves. There is also a very good selection of movies, CDs, and books on tape. Parking is plentiful and the library is always clean. I'm lucky to have this library up the road from me, but its well worth a small trip to see for yourself!
5	I am so lucky to live just a short distance from this library - what a gem!  I don't really use all that the library has to offer, other than requesting books.  My visits to the library are generally either to pick up or drop off a book - but the ability to find the books I want online, reserve them and have them transferred to my branch is wonderful and an amazing time saver.  Once you enter the library, you go to the "hold" area, find your book which is shelved in alphabetical order by your last name and you are ready to check out.  All of the check outs are set as self-serve, but I have always found the library to be well-staffed if you need assistance.  I have also checked out DVD's from this location, they do have rentals, but the ability to check out various DVD's for free is a wonderful service.  I had some classics on my list to watch and was able to check them out for free.  They also have many CD's available for check out.Parking is plentiful and this library is clean and well staffed - everyone has been extremely friendly when I have watched their interactions with others.  I have browsed on a rare occasion when looking for a cookbook or a travel book and the upstairs is vast and well laid out.  The children's section is HUGE.  I did visit their community room to vote and it seemed like it would be a good meeting place.  There are places to sit outside around small fountains, or you can find a place to sit within the building - lots and lots of seating.  When it's time to return your media, there are drive-up drop-boxes outside available for a quick return, or there are slots just inside the library doors.  I am moving away from this location, but will still make the detour to visit even after I move - I love this library!
5	Picking up my hold item!  I have lived over half my life here in the Queen City and have been a library patron since then too.  I started out at the OLD Southpark branch at Sharon Corners back in 1987, became a patron of Scaleybark in 1988 when I lived in apartments within walking distance, and later when I owned my condo in Sedgefield.  I've used Morrocroft, too.  Since moving to Ballantyne 10 years ago, I've called thisbranch my home base, and it truly is the best of the branches I know and love.  Surprising to me was the fact that it is also the largest regional branch, beating out Morrrocroft!  Filled with lots of natural light, a great internet access area upstairs and a great patio with an overhead trellis and a fountain.  It's great to sit outside on a perfect Carolina Blue day and tuck in to your newly check-out item for a bit.  There is usuallly a terrific best seller available in the new arrivals section and plenty of DVDS too, all this to befound on the first floor with plenty of self check out kiosks and friendly staff. Love this branch, roomy and now they have holds shelved right under the stairs for easy pick up by patrons.  I always reserve online and pick up at this brancs
5	Gorgeous architecture drew us inside and we stayed for ages exploring the place! The exhibition about children's literature was well staged and hugely informative and I was spoilt for choice in the best library shop I've ever encountered.
4	Got my library card today, which was a very painless process.. wish I hadn't drug my feet so long on getting it. I used the computer lab at two different time intervals yesterday, once during mid-day when it had a good amount of folks for a Monday afternoon and then again that same evening when it was much busier. On my next visit, I hope to check out the book, video and music selections. It seemed to have a decent children's selection/section too. The architecture of the building and layout is pretty cool, and the location is convenient. Nice size parking lot.
