5	This is one of my favourite Christmas shops in Edinburgh.Along with selling glitzy baubles and garishly brilliant glittering reindeer, I absolutely adore the massive, themed tree decorations they have in here. Selling hanging delights like New York Taxis, London buses and Beefeaters, my personal favourite from this unusual range has got to be Henry VIII and his six wives. They've been selling them for ages for under ten pounds each, and even though it seems like a lot to spend on a Christmas decoration, I've never seen anything like them. I would decorate my house with them all year round if I could get away with it, they're wonderful and fun!Primarily dealing with three decorations but with other surprises, it's a wonder how you can enjoy this shop so much when it's out of season. But although I can imagine it being absolutely mobbed on the run up to Christmas, it has its evergreen charm all year round. wThis is why it's usually busy with customers no matter whether it's June or December!
4	This place gets kudos just for how bizarre it is. I mean, seriously, apart from in Lapland, why would you have a year-long Christmas shop anywhere? I mean, I'm the kind of person who holds their breath until Christmas has come and gone (because I'm a grinch), and this place would have me holding my breath all year long, every day, except that it's kind of awesome. Located on Victoria St., alongside all the other Grassmarket shops of quirk and merriment, it fits in perfectly. I'd heard rumour of this place, but had to go check it out for myself just to make sure it really did exist (a bit like getting someone to pinch you when you think you're dreaming). And it does. Oh, it does. It's full of tinsel and pine and all those Christmas colours. If you're a grinch like me, don't be put off. I mean, as far as once-in-a-lifetime experiences go, this place is right up there with having to one day see someone jump out of a cake (not done) and sitting on a cactus (done, embarrassingly so).
4	It's summer, it's a hot day in Edinburgh and somehow I have ended up in a shop dedicated to Christmas! Why? Well, I wasn't looking for any decorations and I haven't even thought about putting my tree up in the living room yet! The answer is that it was just so peculiar I had to go in and have a little look about the shop. And when I went in, I could not believe how busy it was! Probably not that surprising though that there were lot of tourists looking quite bemused by the whole experience. The shop doesn't just sell your typical Homebase bobbles and lights! Instead this shop actually sells proper decorative objects for your tree and home. There are a few Scottish themed decorations including Scotty dogs and also a collection of London themed items (I'm glad I am not the only one who has recognised their note worthiness!). If you want to experience that Christmas feeling every day, then the Christmas shop is for you!
5	The Christmas Shop is my favourite shop in Edinburgh. If you are ever feeling a bit down, walking into this store will instantly cheer you up with its constant and infectious festive cheer. Situated on the edge of the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh, the Christmas Shop is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is an easy place to reach and it is definitely worth a visit. This place is your one-stop shop for all things Christmas related as they sell everything you could require for the perfect Christmas decorations. Christmas Shop sells a huge range of themed decorations such as Irish, Welsh and London, which includes London buses and Guardsmen.  The decorations are very reasonably priced too, with the little tree ornaments starting at about five pounds.  Christmas Shop also sells a beautiful selection of handmade glass baubles, tinsel, angels, stars and bows. There is no excuse for not being prepared for your Christmas decorations anymore as this store is open ALL YEAR ROUND!! A really quaint and unique shop which is guaranteed to make you fell all festive, regardless of what time of year it is.
3	The fact that one reviewer said "This is ONE of my favourite Christmas shops in Edinburgh" says it all.So this "Santa" dude says to us "ho ho ho let me deliver presents to aaaall the kidy winkles just once a year. Let me bring a smile of sunshine during the darkest season for all to enjoy". And we're all like "yeah sure Santa, whatever". And yet look at us now. Before long every high street across the world will be littered with Christmas Shops. Every town, every village, every country will be dominated by our addiction to Christmas. This was his plan all along. He came bearing gifts, now its payback time (sounds like a great line for a film).Aaaaanyway. This is another Christmas Shop in Edinburgh and if you've been either of the others you know the  deal. You can buy bobbles, lights, hanging decorations and little ornaments, most surprisingly tasteful, and all themed around everyone's favourite festive celebration (no not the Feast of the Circumcision, the OTHER favourite festive celebration). I think actually this is possibly the better Christmas shop. It does have this strange feeling like its genuine and not riding on the band waggon. I think this was Edinburgh's first Christmas shop. Although I have absolutely no evidence to support this, a bit like my belief that god created man from clay.
2	The Christmas Shop is open year round, which I don't quite understand. It seems Christmas starts earlier and earlier each year, to most people's annoyance (when I saw an advert with Santa on it in August, before my birthday, I was a bit peeved. Stealing the lime light old man eh?)I love Christmas. I love the build-up, the excitement. A whole month's worth of festivities. But a year-round shop for Christmas. I mean, I can't fathom any reason people would need to buy Christmas decorations not around Christmas. Even festive props that might be needed for Festive plays, would only be needed around Christmas, as no one shows Festive plays or themed-parties at any other time of the year.Anyway. How they managed to stay open all year defies but, but I'll continue. It WAS close to Christmas, so I popped in here for some decorations. Now, the fact this shop is called The Christmas Shop means you'd expect to be like the scene out of Elf when Buddy is working away building his 1000th etch-a-sketch in a house made of gingerbread and candy cane -Christmas incarnate.No. Instead it's two or three small rooms with a few different hanging decorations, not cheaply priced, and the check-out area is a bit of a shambles. There was a cheap muslin cloth hangings behind the counter covering what looked like boxes and a general mess. The till itself was quite old, there were two people on the till but it took an age and then some to have them wrap the decorations of the people in front of me, process the payment and the like. I am a patient shopper, I expect queues and to wait especially at a busy shopping time of year. But, really. It's Christmas. You run The Christmas SHop. Surely a bit more efficiency wouldn't go amiss?Jeez I feel like a right Scrooge writing a lower-rate review about something for Christmas, around Christmas. But I feel like I could get the same, or nicer,decorations elsewhere in a nicer store. For somewhere calling itself The Christmas Tree, it's lacking a little in that festive magic.
