1	My review is about Mark who works at this location.I have had my Mac for a year and half and my iphoto is bugging the crap out of me bc it creates a different roll for every single picture. well, i didn't want to go in the store to fix it and was determined to use the support option on their website. I didn't know how to title my issue to look it up so I called.I was lucky enough (im being sarcastic) to talk to Mark. I told him my problem and he continuously did not listen to me. then when he realized that I do not have leopard on my mac he laughed and was like "oh that is so old you would be lucky to find someone who knows how to fix that, you're going to have to come in for step by step instructions."(UHHH?! my computer is under 2 years old not from 1990)ok, so he was obviously not listening, i wanted to know what to call my problem to look it up on my own.I got a lil bitchy and took his name and got off the phone and called biltmore.
4	I love all things APPLE.. I just do.. My only issue is WHY oh WHY do I have to make an appt with the concierge on a not busy day to have an update or restore or some such something done to my obstinate yes.. I SAID it..obstinate iPHONE.. WHY, oh WHY?? THE store isnt busy? I get it! Its marketing.. Okay, Apple.. Ill play.. I love you.. Ill play.. As annoying as it is.. but it also give you a 4 instead of 5.. But your concierge is so nice.. smart and sweet.. and on his customer service game.. I will still play..:-)
2	Hubby got his Mac Book Pro here and after a year, needed some work done it...He had done memory upgrades when he bought it and when he brought it in, when they ran the diagnostics they have to put it back as close to default as possible. So they removed the 2 extra gigs of RAM he had bought...when we got home, he noticed 2 gigs of ram was missing.Of course, nothing could be done about it because we'd already left the store...grrr...granted it's only $40, but still...if we're taking stuff to you guys, please have the courtesy of restoring the mac to its original post purchase state with memory, ya know?Also, we gave them his phone number...which seems to cause massive confusion and I really hate it when they talk down to him because he has a 408 area code, NOT 480. They always ask, "are you sure?" To which one of us always has to reply, "Yes, we're sure. We've had our numbers for the last 10 years - they are northern California numbers." We still get blank stares. So even after the girl made notations about our area code, we still didn't get a call back because they had to order in the needed part...grrr....we called today and guess what? It's been there, but no one could reach us - it's the whole 408 vs 480 thing.Anyway, 2 stars for now since they totally ripped us off on hubby's memory. Let's hope the repair goes much better.
4	Update: They didn't misplace or leave the memory out...it was merely dislodged so it didn't register on start-up. WOOT! :)Now if they can only get the 408 area code right...
5	Dear Apple, thank you for consistently surprising me with your service. Love, me.When I bought a Mac two years ago I didn't realize that the money I was paying was not only for the computer itself but for services for life. The battery on my Mac gave out this past week after years of going strong. I took my computer to this Apple store and received a new battery FOR FREE. Not only that, but the gentlemen dropped everything he was doing just to help me because I was in a hurry. I can't express how happy I am that I decided to purchase a Mac and I will continue to purchase Apple products as long as they continue to service me so wonderfully.
2	I happened to be in the area and needing help with a bad power cord, so I figured I'd try stopping in here.  I had no idea that for a simple customer service issue, I should have called ahead and made an appointment....So I walked in, went straight to the Genius Bar, and looked for an available employee.  Then I saw a young woman, apparently on her way out, still talking to some other customers.  In a hurry to be acknowledged by a uniformed staff member and on my way, I got her attention and asked what to do.  She very graciously walked me over to the computers where you can make an appointment on the spot and advised that I pick an appointment for iPhone, iPad, or iPod, rather than my MacBook Pro, because it really doesn't matter and it would be much faster. I did this, then said thank you, and she left.As I waited patiently and wasted away a half hour staring at the list of names, I started wondering why my name hadn't yet been called -- or if I missed it.  Then I looked up and *poof* my name was gone.  Luckily, one of the reps was idle and I was able to ask what was going on.  His response was basically, "tsk, tsk, tsk, it's obviously your fault.  Now go stand in the losers corner across the store and someone may or may not come and talk to you about your problem.  But too bad you didn't catch our representative whispering your name amidst the din."So I waited with the other losers like myself for fifteen minutes or so, until another employee came out to find me.  He explained that whoever told me to pick an appointment for whatever is fastest was actually quite wrong (and I'm pretty sure his eyes told me to go to hell for lying).  Then, he denied any knowledge of the power cord recall and tried to tell me that I was probably screwed.  Thankfully, I had the URL for Apple's FAQ about the recall.  After a quick check with the manager, I was told it would only be another ten minutes or so of paperwork to get me out of there.So..... I spent well over an hour and had to overcome misinformation and poor service in order to take care of a rather simple component recall issue (one that, if not solved, could have eventually burned my house down).  I'm not sure whether to think this is more indicative of Apple's general decline or if this store just sucks. Either way, I won't be returning to this location any time soon.
2	This was the most badass Apple Store in the universe back when Apple stock wasn't worth $300 a share and a bevy of retail consultants hadn't convinced them to turn it into an Abercrombie-esque store-cum-gay-dance-club. (Latin cum, not slang cum.)A&F can get away with it because they sell two pieces of cloth sewn together. The Apple Store sells computers. And more importantly, the Apple Store repairs computers. When you can't talk to an employee about your repair/purchase without shouting over the music, your computer retail location has failed to meet its purpose.Couple that with the usual crowds that come with being Chandler Fashion Center and it's a disaster. Right at open's fine, right before close is fine; in between, abandon hope all ye he who enter here.It seriously took me an hour to buy a computer last time, even after giving up and waving my AmEx in the air like I just don't care. On the bright side, the Apple Store employees aren't total jerkbags, so it's still better than ReMac/iStore/whatever the hell they're masquerading as these days.
4	Apple stores and service rock.  I went here about a week before Christmas to get my roomie something he didn't have (that's hard to do).  After a few minute of browsing, a sales assistant came up and ask if he could help me.  He explained the product I was looking at and showed me all it's awesome features.  I was sold (even though it's a lil pricey).  When I told him I'd take it, he just rang me up right there and emailed the reciept to me.  Awesome, efficient and eco-friendly. :) I'll definitely be back!See ya there.
2	Let me preface this review by stating that we made the mistake of coming on a Sunday afternoon which is apparently NOT a good idea.  It was PACKED.  Having never been there before, we had no idea that you had to make an appointment, but after walking up and asking someone, that's what we were told, so we walked up to a monitor and made an "appointment" for about a 12 minute's wait:  no bad right?  Except we waited and waited and waited and by chance, I overheard that even after you make an appointment, you have to check in.  Ah...good to know.  So then it was standing in line to "check in".  And then the wait.  No real rhyme or reason to who helped who first (at least it didn't appear that way).  It may actually be a well-oiled machine but to the store visitor, it looked like a frenetic cluster.  I will say that once someone finally wandered up and called our name, the tech, David, was FABULOUS.  So there you go....I'd prefer not to go back but if I do, NOW I know how the place rolls.
5	The Genius Bar is extremely helpful here. They are very knowledgeable and entertaining. I have had two great experiences with the Chandler Genius Bar and would definitely come again for any tech-help.
5	I've been the happy owner of a MacBook Pro now for almost three years. My overall relationship with apple since the introduction of the intel chip has been disappointing. I had issues with the original MacBook, and when I purchased my MacBook Pro in May 2008, it had problems right out of the box. The apple store at Chandler took care of me then, replacing my brand new computer with almost no questions asked. Two and a half years go by, and I had no problems whatsoever with my computer. Unfortunately, I took my computer in for an issue in February 2011, and I found out that they forgot to transfer my apple care warranty over to my replaced machine. Que womp womp womp sound. Justin took great care of me, he comped my order, and he gave me three months to send in the repair. The time allotment was really helpful as I'm a full time student, and being away from my computer wasn't really an option. I had the computer serviced this week (second week of May) while I was out of town, after finals. When I dropped off my computer Jorge helped me he was also great, witty, personable, really thorough, he even assisted me in checking my backup and fixed what I didn't do correctly. Cut to one week later, I'm home from vacation, I have a MacBook pro in perfect condition. Life is good. Once again, Justin helped me. He was very thorough (but really expedient) personable and just absolutely great. The team at  Apple Chandler doesn't just provide service with a smile, they provide service that makes you smile. I couldn't be happier with my experience.
4	This store seems to always be busy, but they still managed to have great customer service. I recently bought a MacBook Pro from this store and one of their associates spent a solid hour with me talking me through the basics of the OS because I am a first time Apple customer. I wish they carried more colors for the hard laptop covers. All they had was pink and turquoise. Other than that is was a great experience. I'm happy to be part of the Apple family.
3	This review is for the service since we all know what Apple products are obviously. Like everyone else has already said, service is a real hit and miss at this location. We usually have an appointment when we go in, but unless you do your kind of on your own. Employees don't usually rush over to gush over you like they are eager for your business.Since by partner works for Apple in a non-retail position, we usually only visit the store for small requests. One time we called to ask a question and they hung up on us! When we called back we were on hold for 20 minutes while they could go find someone who could answer our question. Please do not judge the company based solely on this location.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible.Had an appt for 1pm on a Tuesday, wasn't seen until 1:45pm.Problem wasn't fixed, so back in I went, this time Saturday at 12:50pm.Wasn't seen until 1:40pm.At least the MVD has a tv and lots of chairs and places to wait.  This place is the biggest cluster@#$@#, and there is absolutely nowhere to comfortably wait for your appointment to be called.So yeah, thanks Apple Store, I now dread you more than the MVD.
4	Once again this Apple store has exceeded my expectations.  Purchased a Verizon iPhone 4S.  The volume up button was sticking.  Verizon didn't have any replacements in stock and wanted to charge for the phone and then reimburse when we returned the bad phone.  Took it to the Apple store where I had an appt. but they put me into the queue earlier.  Was seen within 15 mins of new appt. time.  Replaced phone promptly without all the accusatory questions I got at Verizon.  Would have been 5 stars except for the lag on appt. time, which I know can be a problem at this location.
1	First Yelp review I've ever left. Because service here was AWFUL. Before here, I had went to Verizon. They told me to come to an Apple store. The Apple store told me in 10 minutes I'd have an appointment with their "Geniuses", and I had to wait for like 30 minutes. Then, when I saw the stupid "Genius" (who was a DUMBASS), he just told me that I'd need to pay to replace my phone, and that it could not be fixed. The GENIUS claimed my phone had water damage and was very rude to me when I insisted it did not - he said he'd "repeat the question" again about the water damage, which I still insisted I had no knowledge of it having. I went back to Verizon and they simply plugged it in, and restarted it, and the phone turned on and was working fine. Verizon said the phone didn't appear to have any problems and was confused about why the Apple Genius would have told me such things. I almost paid $200 to get another phone! In addition, the Apple GENIUS claimed my phone wasn't even registered to me, it was registered to someone in Texas! I've had this phone a year! At Verizon they checked it, via my ACCOUNT, and said the serial number is registered to me! TERRIBLE experience.
1	Store was not able to see me before closing though I had an appointment at 8:30 pm. So I made an appointment for this morning and here I sit beyond my appointment time waiting with lots of people ahead of me. Thanks to them, I can write this review using their wifi. They run this place like it's a doctors office. You should be thankful that we are allowing you (me) to be seen - maybe.
3	I came in to pick up a new laptop charger and get the upgrade to Lion OSX.Getting the charger was easy enough, but because I'm on Leopard and not Snow Leopard, I have to buy *two* OS upgrades to get to Lion. Ok, that's fine and all, but the stores don't carry the upgrade from Leopard to Snow Leopard. Excuse me?My only options were to find a Best Buy that may or may not have the Leopard to Snow Leopard upgrade disc in stock, or order it online and wait several days for it to arrive. They can't keep a few discs in stock at the Apple store? Absurd.Other than that total stupidity, the location was fine, store was clean (albeit busy at an odd time), and employee that checked me out was nice enough.
3	It's an apple store and as other have said, it's hit or miss on service.  You either have a long wait to be seen at the genius bar or you are taken right away.  Today I was in to support my husband making a purchasing decision for computer stuff.  There have been times I've gone in and needed help and you would have thought I had a disease or something.  Today it seems that they were well staffed and we got there and were helped right away.  It really is the nature of the business, the scheduling in any business can be hit or miss because you can't predict when someone will be in your store. One thing I will always love is having my receipts sent to my e-mail.  That way I always have them.
5	This is my new favorite Apple Store. While there are a ton in the Phoenix area, and the one in Scottsdale is also excellent, this location has some unique benefits. It is a smaller store tucked away inside the Chandler Fashion Center mall. Unlike most other Apple Stores I've seen, this one is not packed with people all of the time. If you need to talk to someone, get a new release product, or receive service on your products, you might consider this location. It is likely to be an easier in and out process with less waiting compared to the more popular locations.The other great story with this store relates to my New iPad. The original that I ordered online came out of the box with a defective screen. I made an appointment and brought it into this store. In a matter of minutes, and with no hassle, they replaced my broken iPad with a brand new one. While I would have had to wait weeks for a replacement to come in stock online, this store made the swap simple. Considering the lack of crowding, I would probably plan future repairs and appointments here instead of other stores in the area.
2	I am comparing this to my experience with the Scottsdale Quarter store and even the New York Roosevelt Field location.  My laptop had crashed and I had to set up an appointment for an apple store.  I had no idea there was another store closer to me in scottsdale because I had just moved to the area.  I waited at this location for hours before I was seen (yes I know they are busy), but it even took long to pick up my computer.  The Scottsdale Quarter got down to the reason why this kept happening (3 times) and wouldn't give up until they found out why.  It turned out to be an external component I was using.  The Genius reps were nice enough but the Chandler location never tried to find out why this kept happening and left me scratching my head.  In my experience, this location just didn't go above and beyond which is what I expect from apple stores.
2	I am not an apple user but I came to this store with a friend and spent two plus hours here today.  This experience left me with a lot of questions.First off, why do they feel the need to blast pop music over the speakers throughout the store?Why don't they have any sound dampening insulation in the walls or ceiling to help mitigate the noise of 100 plus people trying to talk over the blaring pop music?Why don't they have some kind of queueing system to allow the aforementioned 100 plus people there on a random Saturday to ask questions of a sales person on a first come first serve basis?Why are all the staff hipster teenagers who seem to know little or nothing about the products they sell or technology in general?Why do these empty-headed hipster teenagers feel the need to make YOU feel like you are the one who has the problem, not the product or device you are trying to use.And lastly, why didn't they have the a/c in the store cranked up to max considering that it was 100 degrees outside and the place was filled with 100 plus customers and a bunch of "genius" hipster teenagers?I know, I know, Best Buy is not any better.  Not one bit.  But based on all the zealous iworship of the almighty Apple, I was expecting more.
4	I've tried to get an ipad for a while and could not decide which one to get.  I went to couple apple stores and checked online and still could not make my decision.  I walked into Chandler Apple store and Donnie helped me picked a perfect ipad. He listened to my concern and talk me thru the decision process.  Ask for Donnie if you are as confused and indecisive as I am!
1	Pretty bad store overall... Poor, scattered service. Yet another Apple store that uses the term "genius" very loosely. Wouldn't come here unless I was absolutely desperate.
3	This location is usually really busy but the employees are friendly and helpful. We love all things Apple so this store is fun to check out when new releases come out. If you need to go to the Genius Bar, definitely make an appointment online before heading in to the store.
4	OH man, I really hope the Apple that we all knew didn't die along with Steve Jobs. I have noticed a serious drop in customer service since his passing over a year ago, and this location has been the indentifyer. I have 7 Apple products that I use regularly, so I am a bit of a fanatic. For the last 3 years I was given AMAZING customer service, as the staff would just replace broken parts for free even though I was outside of the AppleCare timeframes. (This very reason made me fall in love with Apple as a company). Now within the last year, I have had two problems with my products (broken optic drive, and broken iPhone home button) both of which i was required to pay full price for. Now, I do not mean to imply that I always expect free service and replacement, though it does seem to be correlated with the transition of the company. Other than this issue, the staff is always incredibly friendly and helpful. It just seems as though the higher-ups might have clamped down on the "homie hook-up".
3	I've come here to buy the iPhone 4S, and it was a great experience. The staff was Helpful... Until it comes to helping you with problems with your computer. When you get greeted for an appointment, no one ever helps you. The "Genius Bar" staff don't treat you well. I've had better phone support than going in person here.
5	I finally drank the Apple kool aid and got my first Apple product just the other day.  Seriously.  My first. I don't even have an iPod or a Mac and I'm a graphic designer. It all started when my six year old couldn't keep his hands off my phone. He just couldn't ignore the siren call of Angry Birds and I was constantly missing calls, emails, etc. So my boyfriend, aka baby daddy, suggested I get the sweet pea something he could use other than my phone.  I thought about it and decided on a small tablet for him (best mommy ever).  While setting it up I got such tablet envy and my boyfriend got sick of hearing about it so he suggested I go get an iPad of my own.  You don't have to tell me twice!  In minutes we were in the car and on our way to the Apple store.I walked into a packed store, newborn in tow, and thought, "crap, what have I gotten myself into" but it was completely painless!  Someone helped me immediately and helped me decide between the iPad 2 and 4 and how many GB I needed (or is it MB?), they helped me set it up, adding my business email to it and within 20 minutes I was out the door with a fully functioning iPad!  Albeit $600 less, but I had my iPad! Alex C was right that they are very nice and helpful here and I'm sure in time, I'll be back for more Apple products.
5	My computer was dead. It needed to be saved and I didn't want to outright buy a new one. I brought it in and the guiness bar guy Steve was wonderful. He explained everything to me in a way I could understand and told me about all my options. I had to leave it overnight for diagnostics but they called first thing the next morning. For around $250 they replaced my hard drive and saved my computer! Everyone was very helpful. I even looked at the iPad and the sales associate was very patient with all my questions. I can't recommend this store highly enough. I don't know a lot about computers and have never had one break and they made what could have been a horrible process very easy, friendly, and efficient. They made a life long customer out of me!
4	While it ain't what it was back when the concept of an Apple Store was new and novel, I can't knock the Chandler location too hard. Apple's done a lot of improvements across retail, and this store specifically has seen major improvements in staffing and speed. Also music volume. I still wouldn't want to be here on a Saturday or Sunday (Don't do it! Step away from the mall!) except with a pickup confirmation in hand, but every recent trip has been relatively painless. In-store pickup is amazing, especially if you've got an iPhone and the Apple Store app. (Seriously, if you have an iPhone and aren't using the Apple Store app for purchases you don't need help with, you're crazy. It doesn't get easier than "Amanda has your iWhatever" and Amanda standing at the entrance because the app told her you were just about there.)Outside of peak hours, any number of helpful and friendly employees are right there to help out, and there are enough systems that you can play with whatever you want in short order if not immediately. Their level of product knowledge is all over the place but if you have specific concerns they will try to find someone who can knowledgeably answer them.Getting a Genius Bar appointment is still a blood sport, but there have been major improvements in the in-store experience once you actually have that appointment. Heck, the last couple times I've had an appointment, they've actually helped me early. That's a miraculous turnaround from standing around grinding against your MacBook for an hour past your supposed appointment time. I'll take it!
4	I still have not had a REALLY BAD experience here.  Yes the lines are long, but if you make a reservation the wait time is less agonizing.  They answered my questions without screwing me around or making me pay for that one to one shiz to get my question answered.  They haven't done anything to upset me so thank you Apple!
1	Experiences like this one are the reason I joined Yelp - just so incredibly frustrated by service that I wanted to tell everyone "Hey, don't go here unless you have the desire to bend over and take it up the ass."I have more than a few reviews that exclaim my love for my iphone.  If I could melt it on a silver spoon and mainline it, I would.  For various reasons I've had seven iphones over the years, three I had to purchase as replacements from the Apple store which is what brought me to this location. The first two replacements I purchased from the Apple store, one in Lancaster, PA and the other from the Apple store at San Tan, both experiences were seamless and literally took under 15 minutes, each time I remember leaving there with a smile on my face because I was so please with my service and my new phone.Unfortunately, my iphone keeled over and died and I tried to get in to the Apple store at San Tan but they were booked until the next day.  So I decided to go to this location because I couldn't live without my phone for that long, I was starting to itch.  I made an appointment for 6:00 pm and met with Jorge rather quickly.  I brought my laptop with me so he could help me sync my phone since I could access it, he did.  He left while my phone was syncing and said he'd be back in 45 minutes to check on me.  Um, okay, I guess syncing takes 43 minutes longer at this Apple store than the rest of the world.  He went on to help other people and I waited for him - this set the tone for the rest of the evening, he would come back, look at my phone for a couple of minutes then walk off and help someone else.  Since I spent over an hour there, mainly waiting on Jorge, I had plenty of time to observe the place, this store isn't as bright an shiny as the other Apple stores I've been to, the white walls had scuff marks all over them, the place looked old and used - so did the staff.   There was one guy running around asking people if they needed help and I was like "damn, I wish I could have gotten him" but everyone else looked like they were practicing for the 2013 Zombie Walk.  Finally I get my new phone and I was like "cool, fire it up Jorge" and he hands it back to me and tells me to activate it and walks off.  This had never happened before, usually the guys are so excited to activate the phone, like they're bringing a baby unicorn into the world or something, not this dude.  I plug it in go through the prompts and no dice, it wouldn't activate.  I stand there and wait for him to come back around like I have been all evening and when he does, he tells me that I need to go home and activate my phone and that's when I hit my breaking point.  I didn't come down here and wait an hour, spend $170 bucks just to leave with a nonworking phone.  He told me they didn't set up iphones there.  I called bullshit!  So then he took my phone, walked off to supposedly activate it, came back later and told me it was working.  I grabbed it and left.  He didn't activate it,  he lied to me, I'm sure I knew that but what was I going to do, cause a big scene and tell him he's a worthless liar?  MehAnyway, I called Verizon when I got home and received the best possible service and they walked me through activating my phone.  You know it's a cold day in hell when you get better service from Verizon than you do from the Apple store.
5	I'm an Apple FanGirl but NOT a FanGirl of the Apple Stores, in general. That said, I tried this store instead of Quarter and couldn't have been more pleased. I made my appointment, no problem. Came in a few minutes late, no problem. Then had two issues that needed attention: Cloud problem and broken keys.Taylor was my Genius Dude and he was AWEsome! Cute little genius and met & surpassed expectations on BOTH dilemmas! Figured out Problem A - then researched to find MORE info for me. Fixed/Cleaned broken keys - then went beyond in that area too. Truly, I was thrilled with the results and more than pleased with more than awesome, Taylor! Yea Apple!
5	The service here is markedly better than Apple stores in the rest of the Valley. We were recently at the Scottsdale Apple Store at Scottsdale Quarter. Our purpose was to purchase a Macbook Air. We walked in and were thoroughly ignored despite the store being not busy. The clerks were busy chatting with each other instead of walking around asking if customers want help. We've experienced poor service there before. Therefore, we decided to take our business elsewhere and went to the Chandler store. We were immediately greeted. The person spent a lot of time with us and answered all of our questions. He went out of his way to help us. He didn't seem like he was in a rush to leave. We made the right decision not to purchase at the Scottsdale Quarter Apple store and come here. We've bought all of our Apple products at this store and now we know why.Mind you, the service is not perfect here. However, it's as perfect as you are going to get for an Apple store in the Valley. I've been to them all and this is by far the best one. The reason for that is the Chandler location itself. People are educated and sophistated but laid back and approachable at the same time. You don't get that vibe at any other Apple Store in the Valley. That Chandler vibe is felt here. The genius bar can get busy but the techs do their best to provide good servce. They actually apologize for being late unlike the other Apple stores. Look it's an Apple Store, the genius bar is going to get busy. If you don't want to wait then avoid busy periods like the Friday, Saturday and Sunday night. Go in the mornings if possible. Just use common sense.
1	I have been a loyal iPhone customer for over 4 years. Between myself and my wife we have owned 5 Apple products, 4 of them being iPhones. However when seeking a replacement for my cracked screen at this location they asked for $150 to replace it. The "Genius" even confirmed that the original crack was definitely a defect, but because the crack had progressed since then, they couldn't replace it under warranty. Having spent thousands of dollars on their equipment, and receiving no consideration for even a declared manufacturer's defect. I have decided to quit buying products that are expensive, defective, and that they refuse to back up with warranties that mean something. Goodbye Apple. Hello.... pretty much anything else.
4	I'm definitely an Apple fan! Thats all I have. In order for Apple to get 5 Stars it would take them offering better prices for their products & services. I understand everyone's gotta make money but dang they charge a lot sometimes. Can't review the tech support at this location but the store is always clean & the staff is knowledgeable about the products. Its a great place to bring your children when they are riding your nerves. They will infiltrate the store & keep themselves plenty occupied playing so you can catch your sanity. lol Almost as good as IKEA, now if we can just check them in here for a bit and go hide, hahahaha!
5	I went to get my iPhone 5 replaced because the frame broke. The numerous employees on the sales floor were vigilant and attentive. I hadn't taken 5 steps through the door before an employee engaged me with great service. An employee that was cleaning a table surface was able to answer my obscure insurance claim question. Impressive customer service. Adam worked with me to replace my phone. He was courteous, helpful, and polite.
5	I had an issue with my iPhone 5 sleep/awake button and it wasn't wanting to work for me. I decided to pop into apple seeing as I was already at the mall. It was 8:20pm on a Thursday night and the check in staff was nice enough to schedule me for an 8:50pm genius appointment even though they close at 9.The genius I worked with was a super friendly African American guy who's name I wish I remembered. He was extremely helpful, nice, and he took care of my issue very quickly with a smile. The fact that the staff was so willing to get my problem fixed, even though it was close to closing time, was very much appreciated. And the fact that they ensured that I was all set to go without rushing me was absolutely amazing. Apple will continue to hold my computer/technology heart and I'm glad I've got an awesome apple store to assist me.
5	Thank you for the wonderful customer service at this Apple Store!!!!!! The 3 people I interacted with before I got my problem fixed were so sweet and friendly!!!! Made my day!!! Thank You!!!!!!!!
2	Went in to get some information for an iPad purchase. As I was talking to the salesperson, another salesperson came up and asked the salesperson a question. Then the two of them walked off. Basically left me in mid-sentenceWent in a week later to make a purchase. Got my item, saw two salespeople talking together. Asked them if they were busy. They replies, "well, in fact we are.". Can the service get any worse??
5	Love this store. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  It is very convenient when you go to shopping center and check or  fix the apple :0)
2	I've been to this store twice and both times left with a bad taste in my mouth. The employees don't seem to care if you buy a computer from them or if you get he help you need whit he computer.  Hope this isn't a sign of things to come for Apple...
1	I had an iPhone with a manufacturer defect--a common one--so I made an appointment at 7pm earlier this week.  I got to the store, which was completely chaotic, went to the genius bar and tried to get the attention of someone.  That took about 10 minutes.  Once I did get the attention of one of the employees, they told me to go check in with another employee across the store.  Sigh.  So I go and check in with that employee, who tells me to go stand by a table so that someone else will be able to come find me and help.  As I'm standing by the table, the store manager comes by and tells me the name of the genius who is going to help me.  Of course, that genius winds up getting too busy with another customer, so some other dude comes over to "help" me.  I have now been waiting for a half hour.  I show him the problem with my phone.  He asks me if my phone is more than a year old.  I tell him I'm not sure.  He looks up my serial number, and in 15 seconds determines that I am just shy of 2 months out of warranty.  He then tells me to buy a new iPhone at full price.  No discussion was held regarding the possibility of fixing my phone.  No suggestions were made about the implications of device protection insurance.  I walked out of the store fuming....and I went to the Verizon store across the street.  They promptly informed me that my phone was covered under the insurance I had with them, and that they would happily send me a new iPhone at no cost right away.  Problem solved.  It's a cold day in Hell when you can get better service from Verizon than from Apple.  Guess it's going to snow in Phoenix pretty soon.
1	No matter what negative feedback i leave here Apple will still be a money making machine like McDonalds. They can treat customers however they want and you will still buy their products. So instead of wasting my time explaining my personal negative incident i invite you to go to this Apple store and have your OWN negative experience.
5	Went here to do an exchange/transfer from an Apple Store gift card that was sent to my husband by mistake, as it was supposed to be a $50 iTunes gift card his friend sent through email. This store was hopping, as it usually is when I walk past it in the mall, but I was able to be waited on immediately and sent in the area I needed to be to make the necessary exchange. After explaining the situation to the Apple Store employee, they took care of everything right away and got me the iTunes gift card. The transaction was smooth and fantastic and the employee was nothing short of awesome!I've had great customer service experiences each time I've come in this store and this is what keeps me returning! Way to go Apple!
1	I had an appointment with the Genius Bar because my power button doesn't work on my iPhone and I still had to wait around for 50 minutes before the rudest manager approached me.  The 'manager' Jim  was  arrogant and disrespectful. Immediately you could tell he was not going to reason with me because my IPhones warrenty expired 4 days ago! I did ask if he could work with me since I contacted Apple's online services  a week prior and they told me it was a malfunction with my phone and to come into the store.  The warrenty was never brought to my attention, not to mention how about a grace period! Jim, being full of himself, said of course he could help me; I just needed to pay for another iPhone at full price.  This is the worst customer service I have ever received in my life!  Warning to all: do not go to this apple store.
5	Quick service. Went in to purchase a macbook for my daughter; was literally in and out in 15 mins (and that was WITH my one million questions and the fact that they were seriously busy).The store is often busy but, they do make an honest effort to service everyone....at least that has been my experience.
4	I went to this Apple Store because the San Tan location was full with appointments.  I usually prefer the San Tan location as this location is usually EXTREMELY busy.  And it was again.  I had a genius appointment at 5:45 and didn't leave until almost 8pm.  That shows you the kind of problems I was having.  The genius, Dennis, was so nice and really wanted to help me.  He spent well over the alotted time he was supposed to have.  He did need to take a few other appointments while we were working with him but he always came back.  The fix he made on my computer did subsequently cause me further problems but I was able to work most of those out with Apple care today via phone.  This location is very large and somewhat frenzied.  While I still prefer the San Tan location, I have no problem going here as well.  Now let's hope I like my new iPhone....
3	Scheduled an appointment with the Genius Bar for the evening. I come into the store and have to stand and wait for a genius person for about 20 minutes. The guy was pretty helpful but was taking on more customers than he could handle. If you're going to come in on a weekend you might as well bring a book to read or something to snack on because the wait here is much worse than a dmv line (from my experience). Apple should know weekends become overwhelmingly busy so they should consider having employees on call or extra to help with the amount of customers there are.
3	Had a good experience with a purchase in January, but since learned we were given incomplete information regarding the purchase. I went to the store and asked for a manager. Both people (Maria and Dan) with whom I spoke were attentive and helpful. They both apologized for the bad communication from the sales associate. The manager, Dan,  was able to give a detailed explanation of what the sales associate SHOULD have said and he offered suggestions to remedy the situation. While I was disappointed to have to return, I was please with the response from the staff.
4	Awesome service...Made an appointment online but got late and the guys there booked me for another one and i had to wait for about 10 mins.After waiting there i got an iphone replacement in about 20 mins and i left there happy...
5	This place has the best Service ... I know there stuff can be pricey but you get what you pay for..  had to take my phone in made an online apt. and was in and out in no time at all.. Just make sure you always back up before you take your stuff in that made a huge difference.. I LOVE APPLE..
1	Be prepared to wait at least an HOUR  for help even if you have an appointment. And it's freezing in there! So frustrated with that team. One person to help every customer is the worst. Forget getting your new iPhone 5 battery. It's a waste of time just go online
5	Tristan-Elvis was a problem solver, helpful, and knowledgeable!! My Mac book pro stopped working within a year of owning it.  :( thankfully I was able to squeeze in an appointment (which make sure you have one, has to be made online ahead of time!) Anyway Tristan was extremely helpful! He started running tests and kept me updated on what he was doing and he asked if it was okay to help other people waiting while the test ran itself. I appreciated the fact that he asked and didn't forget I was sitting there! I told him my concerns with needing my laptop with being a full time student with 16 credits and full time student teaching and planning! He understood and was willing to stay past his shift to help get my hard drive replaced to have it back the next day!! I went to three other stores the day before and they were not willing to help MY NEEDS as a customer! I'm just beyond thankful for Tristan's amazing going beyond for a customer! This is why I'm an apple product buyer!!
1	Waiting in line for the latest and greatest iPhone is NOT worth it. The staff is not "trained" properly to handle the transactions. It literally takes them 30 minutes to setup one person and they seem to be doing it one at a time. I've been in forth position in line for the past hour and a half. The whole thing leaves a bitter taste and feels like we're involuntary participants of a marketing scheme rather than as paying customers. Waiting is definitely not something I would recommend doing next year and I certainly would not recommend it for anyone.
1	It takes an exceptional experience for me to post a review. I got the worm in the apple in this case, so I felt it right to warn others. I purchased the iPhone 6 on day one. The staff member who took the order spent 15 minutes with me to get things going. Since that day, I have spent hours in the stores, and in the phone, with Apple staff trying only to get what I paid for. I have been given a new phone because my first one was proven to be faulty, but was not compensated for the additional cellular network charged that Apple themselves told me was the fault of their product. I was given a letter from Apple that said their device was guilty of runaway data usage. They told me to take this letter to my carrier and ask my carrier to reverse the additional data charges because it was Apple and not me that caused it! My carrier, of course, told me that they would not reverse the charges.Yesterday, I went to Chandler fashion mall to the Apple Store to ask a few questions that I had regarding the new phone. I was told that I could wait SIX HOURS for a 10 minute appointment with a tech, or I could wait two minutes to ask general questions to an employee. I took option number two...Joshua was assigned to me. I watched as he told the person he "had me covered" and then proceeded to walk around without talking to me or anyone else. Then he walked over and told me that he would be a couple more minutes. I watched as he walked twenty feet away from me and stood motionless for a couple minutes waiting for something much more important than me. It never came, so he proceeded to walk around the store without even talking to anyone. Then he came back, and approached a fellow employee who was standing beside me. He asked him to help me with my questions and left. The other employee couldn't help me as he was ACTUALLY HELPING his customer. Joshua left again and tried looking important, all the while not talking to another customer or staff member.Finally, the original person who told me to wait two minutes went up to Josh and pointed my way. I appreciated this as I had been waiting about 10-15 minutes already, and Josh hadn't spoke to me or anyone else the whole time. I then heard Josh tell her that he "had me covered" again. I walked over to him and reassured him I was definitely NOT covered. I left without any face time or questions answered.I hope Joshua experiences the same level of service in his life as he gives others in theirs. That is my hope for him.Apple, on the other hand, has a good product in my opinion. I hope they can find ways to make their customers feel appreciated and supported in their purchases.
5	Once again my little Apple buddies have saved my butt. I had the brilliant idea to update my OS one night, I know not an earth shattering concept or even an unusual one, but technology and I have a less lucrative relationship than my ex-husband and I.  So off I go to click on little red "1"s to update and... All hell breaks loose.... System fails, back up fails. The worse part is Im a photographer... So a flood of angry bridezilla calls ensued. Thus I called tech support and had hours of delightful banter with some good apples. Sarah, Derrick, Matt, Chris from Oregon, Sacramento, Florida and The lovely south. All wonderful delightful and very helpful. My IMac was resistant to change and I ended up at the Apple Store in Chandler to be assisted by the knowledgeable and personal.. Elvis. What a nice kiddo, made my problem go away and sometimes thats all a girl can ask for.  Thank you all so much for your assistance and patience. Your job is not easy and I appreciate you.
4	This store stays packed but if you need help at the genius bar these guys will definitely help you!! They can practically fix anything or will try really hard to. I've been here a few times for accessories but I've never had a major problem with my 5 year old MacBook. Besides getting a new charger-I refuse to part ways with it. A day ago in class my laptop shut off, I thought it crashed but I found out today it needed some software fixes. It's inevitable that I'll have to get a new one but until then-Thanks Tristan and Dylan for my laptop bandaid! Great customer service skills, very knowledgeable, friendly environment, & everyone is helpful. 4 stars because:1). In general, excessive prices and2). As one of the world's most innovative technology manufacturers-I want my 5 year laptop equipped to hold newer software. I don't want to throw away a laptop every 5 years because it's outdated, especially if I love it. Update my outdated Mac. :-)
4	Great customer service and I'm usually in and out pretty quick with any appointments etc. The place does need a quick renovation as the tables and furniture is starting to look worse for the wear.
5	I took my iPhone 5 in there about a week ago...even though it wasn't part of their battery recall, my phone was showing all of the signs of one of the recalled batteries.I was quoted $79 to have it changed out, but when I went to pick it up, the "Genius" that worked on it, didn't feel comfortable with charging me the $79, so he treated it just like one of the recalled batteries.He didn't have to do it, but he did... I'm very, very appreciative of that...
4	These stores are all the same.. they are everywhere.Great customer service, and people (Customers) seem nicer in here.. all of a sudden.What is this vortex?
5	I went in to the apple store to get a software disk update on my vintage MacBook expecting to have to have to buy it. They were quickly able to do it from their network at no cost and got me upgraded! I also bought some anti glare screen protectors for my new iphone and they applied it perfectly. Great customer service at this location.
4	This Apple store can get very busy.  When we went to buy our current imac we got what we needed.  The employees are great with the common stuff but anything technical I found them struggling a little and having to ask different employees in order to come up with the answers.  A big plus here is they did not try to over sell us anything.  As a matter of fact I was talked out of the computer configuration I was looking at and into a little lower model for what our needs were.  Pretty honest people here.  I will return to this location when I am in the area.  It is great place for any of my Apple needs however I will plan enough time for a wait
