5	Absolutely the BEST walk-in clinic in the Valley.  The atmosphere is relaxed and easy, and the the care is spot on.  I waited 2 hours at UMC Quick Care and had to leave before I ever saw a doctor.  Went to Urgent Care Extra and was in and out in 20 minutes.If you live in Spring Valley, this is where you need to go for walk-in medical needs.
1	Used to think highly of this place until they accidentally overcharged my debit card by $20. Being in pain at that time I trusted that they were charging my debit card the right amount for my copay and just signed my receipt without looking at it. My mistake! Coz today I called them up and I was told that they could not give me any refund but rather I should call my insurance and let them settle it with me. For $20??? She even admitted that I have to call my insurance for the mistake THEY made. Hardly seems fair but just be diligent when it comes to this guys billing you. Otherwise, their service was good.
5	There was no wait. Friendly staff. Came in for a steroid shot for a bad case of allergy rashes. Highly recommended.
5	No wait at all. They accepted my insurance. The staff was friendly. I was back in the office within 5 minutes. I met with Angie who I believe is the PA. She was able to help me right away.It was such a pleasant experience to get medical help and to be treated with care and concern. When treated this way I believe it helps you to heal and feel better.
5	There was not a long wait and the staff was  friendly. I was seen by a provider, not sure exactly what that meant but she was extremely professional. After a short consultation and checking my vitals, she recognized that I needed to be on a few different medications and a kenalog shot to help with my allergies and sinusitis. It was a pleasant visit and this will be my go-to urgent care in the future.
1	Called the night before I planned on going in, and asked if they accepted my insurance.  The receptionist informed me that yes they do.  Went in at 8:15 and asked once again if they were in my insurance; this time the receptionist said that 'we accept all insurances but just check to make sure you're in network.'  She also wanted to give me an additional form for my insurance carrier.  As soon as I heard her say this I knew they were not in network and would get taken to the cleaners if I stayed to get treated.  My insurance is extremely common and they are providing a very political answer to trick patients into getting treated with them.  Unprofessional and deceptive. By the time I checked on my smart phone for someone in network and got there, I had missed my early window for low wait time and had to wait quite a bit.  Waste of time this place.
5	Super friendly staff, taken in immediately and super clean. Will definitely make this my go to Urgent Care!
5	First star: for cleanliness. The place is sparkling clean. And the chairs are very comfy too. Second star: for being open on a Sunday night. I was in a lot of pain and my usual places were closed. It was a relief to see that this Urgent Care was still open. Third star: service. The PAs I saw did not make me wait very long and were very clear and concise when speaking with me.Fourth Star: waiting room. The intake nurse was very nice. I waited about 30 minutes, which was very quick for a Sunday night. There was one woman ahead of me when I got there, so not a huge crowd. Fifth star: overall experience. Everyone was very nice and I would recommend this place for sure.
1	Horrible customer service. Called to see an estimated wait time. I completely understand that this is a walk in clinic and between the time I call and arrive 100 people could walk in. I simply was asking what a broad range estimate was at that time as I live relatively close by. Receptionist had a huge attitude!  I asked "as of right now do you have people in your waiting room .. Are people typically waiting an hr? 2 hr? " she responded with a very uncaring cold tone that you just have to check in and see for yourself.
4	We were seen right away, it was clean and not busy. The staff was very helpful, I appreciated the doctor and nurse who attended to my daughter. I'll be back for future visits if I have a emergency.
5	I came in early morning yesterday for a check up on what was hives, possibly a reaction from whatever it could have been. Anyways, as I walked into the beautiful model office, I was greeted kindly by a nice woman who listened to my concerns and asked for my id, credit card & insurance card and few papers to be filled out by me. I waited possibly about 25 mins, but they were very informative about my wait time and kept me updated on where I was. I was called in by a sweet male nurse who was soft spoken and oh so kind. After he was done, told me the next steps and I was told to wait for the doctor. Once the doctor came in, he was friendly and straight to the point. He listened and knew exactly what I was talking about and what I can do and what he can do for cure my horrible reaction. He gave me the information I needed and told me to wait for the nurse with my shot and perception for my medications. The nurse who came after and given me the shot for my reaction was the friendliest & sweetest young lady ever! She totally made me feel good, appreciated and important as a patient. She made sure I was comfortable before, during and after my shot. She explained any questions or concerns I've had. Overall experience with this clinic, being my only first visit; I was impressed and very pleased. Knowing a doctor who knows what he is doing (saying this because after the shot, few hours later my hives were ALL gone) I was and am a happy patient! Definitely will be recommending and returning!
5	Short wait, and clean place. Brian the PA is a great guy. Definitely knows what he's talking about. Would come back again for my family or myself!
1	Came here to get some antibiotics for my cough & sore throat.Arrival 5.30pm Leaving this shit box at 8:30pm This shouldn't be named "QUICK" care. & also these idiots stop taking my culinary insurance, so I wasted 3 hours & payed full price to see a guys in some scrub. I've never been this disappointed in my life visiting a urgent care. These idiots took 3 hours to see us & prescribe 2 prescriptions. This should be named "Slow" urgent care. Have never waited this long to get some medicine prescribed. Why even be in business when have sick patients waiting for hours & hours & hours. Grade = F
5	Yesterday I fell and sprained my ankle badly.  Went to Urgent Care Extra on Flamingo Durango.  Staff, Brianna, Cynthia, Kerry, were so nice and efficient. Dr. Shang was great. Got xrays, wrap, crutches, pain meds, in and out in no time. Lobby was immaculate and upscale. Great experience overall! Highly recommend!!
