4	This is not a luxury spa so you don't go for the atmosphere per se. However, they do a great job, have very friendly service, and are very inexpensive. I like full blown spas every once in a while but this is where I go every two weeks for maintenance manicure & pedicures.
5	No, it's not a fancy spa-type salon, but these kind, friendly and efficient people will ALWAYS get you in for a mani, pedi or both and can usually get you and your friend in at a moments notice with little or no wait.  My polish generally stays on my nails for at least 2 weeks and on my toes over a month with no chips.  The prices are the most reasonable I've seen and their color selection is great.  Most importantly, they are extremely clean....
5	I've been getting manicures and pedicures for years and started at Salon 2000, which then became Aniu Spa Salon.  I've gone to the Aveda spa and other such places, but NO ONE, I repeat, NO ONE, does as good of a job as the people at Fancy Nails.  They are located inside of Hilldale Mall and consistently do a wonderful job. These men and women have never turned me away, even if I walk in relatively late at night.  They are so accommodating and polite and know when to engage you in conversation and when to just turn on the massage chair and let you chill.I go every two weeks for a manicure pedicure and it generally takes about an hour.  (Short in the summer when you don't have to dry for as long.)  They are so precise and clean and I am NEVER disappointed by their work.  They have an amazing selection of colors to choose from and let you bring your own if they don't have what you want.Their salon is organized, clean and comfortable and I never feel awkward.  My manicures generally last a week and a half and the pedicures last up to a month.  I won't go anywhere else unless I absolutely have to.Oh, and did I mention it only costs $45 for a manicure and pedicure? It used to cost me $60-$75 just for a pedicure at Aniu.  Trust me, you want to give Fancy Nails a try.
3	I have tried a ton of nail salons in the Madison area and no one is as clean as them! They do a great job on the Mani's and pedis! Just dont let the old lady touch your feet! She is so rough and instead of taking of my calus' she tore up the bottom of my feet. Also I tried to go in the other day an get a Mani and the lady at the desk was like well you can't get in til 1230 in a rude tone and when I asked if they could put lace on my nails she looked at me and said no we don't do lace... I said well what if I give you the lace and she said NO! In reply I told her I will take my business else where and was completely fine with it with a smile and an OK! Very rude if you ask me!
5	Encouraged by Yelp reviews, I visited Fancy Nails this morning and was seated for a walk-in appointment immediately. I needed to get these pesky acrylic/gel nails removed and was too chicken to try it on my own. Although I had to soak my fingers in acetone for an hour (yuk!), the nail technicians were friendly and efficient and returned my nails to their natural state. While waiting for the fake to melt off, I napped in my comfy chair, eavesdropped on their gossip, and witnessed the cleaning of many pedicure tubs and other surfaces. Clean = good!Fancy Nails may have just turned me into a non-nail biter. Thanks!
1	I agree with a couple of the other reviewers; if possible, I would give this place zero stars.  I went there the day before my wedding to get fake nails put on.  I was placed with one of the creepiest guys I have ever encountered.  Although he spoke English, it appeared he preferred to communicate via grunts.  He put the fake nails so far down on my real nails I barely had any pink nails showing (almost all was white).  The nails looked so ridiculous it was embarrassing.  When I complained to the owner she said they would paint over them.  This still did not cover up the giant white tips on my nails (and the overall length of the nails weren't even long).  The kicker was they then charged me more than what was up on the wall for the "extra service".  I would never go back nor would I ever recommend anyone else go there.
4	Fancy Nails has quickly moved to the top of my Madison manicure list. They offer shellac (a.k.a. gel or acrylic) manicures, which have lasted 2-3 weeks without chipping or peeling - and I'm extremely hard on my nails/hands in general.The shellac manicures are approximately $10 more expensive than a typical manicure, but completely worth it for the amount of time and quality of the manicure.Fancy Nails takes walk-ins as well as appointments, and while I typically call ahead, I've also walked in and never waited more than 20 minutes to be seated. The manicures and pedicures I've had have been thorough and relaxing, regardless of which technician I'm seeing.There are other locations in Madison that will pamper you during your manicure, so if you're looking for a salon whose staff will cater to you, Fancy Nails is probably not the place for you. However, my experience with the manicure itself and the results has hands down been best with Fancy Nails. So if you're looking for a high-quality manicure or pedicure, along with speedy and cost-effective service, Fancy Nails is your place.
1	Twice I have had bad luck here but I went again b/c my friend likes this place.  My most recent pedi was terrible.  The woman who did mine worked on 5 others during mine, skipped the massage and left my nails dirty.  Later when I asked about it they blamed me and were terribly rude in offering a repolish or discount.  Won't b going back.
1	I was not impressed with this place. The woman who did my nails only did a poor-to-average job, and spent the whole time jabbering away to her neighbor. She even sliced my finger while cutting my cuticles! I definitely won't be coming back.
3	The people were great. Pedis were ok.
5	These folks are really friendly and do a great job !  Recommend highly. Regular here.
3	Just moved here and tried out fancy nails for my first mani/pedi in Madison.  Love the color (Yodel me on my Cell), but overall the manicure was only okay.  The pedicure was better but since the price wasn't super cheap ($45) I expected more (since I can get a great mani/pedi at plenty of places in Chicago for $30).  If I don't find a better, cheaper place I'll come back.
3	Easy walk in on a Friday night at 5pm. I just moved here from CA and I was surprised at the price of $32. Maybe I am from the land of cheap pedicures at $20. This is the first nail salon that I have ever been to that only had 5 magazines and I couldn't even find them. They were hiding under the coffee table in the front of the shop. It was a nice quiet atmosphere.
4	I've heard good things about Fancy Nails, both about the shellac service (at $35 -- SO worth it) and the atmosphere. I went for my first time tonight, and I was very pleased.My number one qualification for a nail salon is that it must be CLEAN, and Fancy Nails is extremely sanitary. And the friendly but brusque technician was right -- I'm never going back to a regular manicure after shellac. Two to three weeks with no chips or smudges is amazing. And I'm a chronic smudger, especially immediately post-manicure. I also loved the speed and efficiency of Fancy Nails. I become pretty antsy waiting for my nails to dry, in general (thus, the smudging), and I was out of there in 45 minutes. While the occasional hand massage is wonderful, Fancy Nails is perfect for your maintenance manicures. No frills = a quick indulgence you can fit it into your busy schedule. Haven't tried the pedicures yet, but I will soon.
1	This is the worst place I have been to for nails in a very long time.  The employees are very, very rude.  The elderly woman that did my nails cut into my foot so badly that it started to bleed.  When I pulled my foot away from her she said, " oh honey, it's not that bad". Really??? I showed the owner what had happened, and that I was very unhappy.....she could of cared less. All she was interested in was my money.  This was the first time in my life that I have ever stiffed anyone on a tip for services.Also, $40 for a regular pedi in the mall.  Wow, where are we, Beverly hills? And here I was thinking this is Madison!
5	I've gotten two pedicures here - both really nice.  They also fit 5 of myself and a wedding party in on pretty short notice.
4	We go to Fancy Nails about every 6 weeks. The Shellac manicures (~$35) are a good price for the area and the selection of colors is crazy. They have more colors than any other place I've been.The pedicures (~$35) are really good for the price too and the staff are all really friendly. They are attentive and do a good job with the cuticles. They will even wrap your toes if they aren't wuite dry so you can put on your shoes if you didn't bring sandals.Fancy Nails is also willing to fix pedis/manis that chip shortly after, which I will say doesn't normally happen, but every once in a while. They also don't make a stink when i make a reservation and show up a bit late because of traffic or weather.They sell gift certificates and are open earlier, at 9, during the holidays.I think I'm giving this place a 4 becuase I don't love the chairs they have for the pedis and they have one woman who was very rude to a friend of mine. They fixed that right up though.
4	The staff is friendly.  They always try to work a walk-in customer if possible.  The location is great because you can get your nails done and then see a movie or shop.The staff does a good job.
2	I went to Fancy Nails based on all of the great reviews here, but left disappointed.  Based on the other reviews, my experience must be an outlier, but I felt it important to share.  I went in for a basic pedicure with nail art, for which I had an appointment.  It appeared they were understaffed, which was the case stated to me later by a woman who appeared to be the owner.  I can understand that that happens.  Initially I wasn't too concerned as I had given myself a reasonable amount of time to enjoy my pedicure, dry, and then get to my next appointment that was nearby.  The assumed owner actually did my pedicure and it was perfect.  She did a great job and was very attentive to calluses and cuticles, which I appreciated.  And the place is very clean, as other reviewers have stated.  After she finished painting my nails, she turned me over to another technician for the artwork and that's where it fell apart.What I wanted was a fairly simple design. (I had another, more intricate, symbol done at another studio without trouble.)  The technician looked at the color of my toes (bright purple), walked away, and came back with his own palette of 3 colors (white, yellow, and green).  Apparently he had planned to just paint a flower on my nails. ?? He didn't ask me what I wanted nor what colors I might like on the design.  I had to tell him that I wanted a specific design, which I showed him, and rather than have him run around getting new colors I agreed to make the colors he had work.  At this point I was getting nervous about time as I had another appointment to get to.  Longer story still long, it was a fiasco.  The brush he had was way too wide for intricate nail art, so the design was a fail.  I said, "no problem, thanks for giving it a try".  He grabbed acetone by accident so instead of just removing the design work, all of the polish came off.  I had to remind him of the steps as he put new polish back on.  I ended up running out of there with just a minute to spare to get to my next appt.  I would have been there for 1hr 30 min for a basic pedicure with simple nail art.  During my service, a very unhappy client came up to the woman doing my pedicure with complaints about her manicure.  That same technician had done her manicure.  I think that probably he shouldn't be doing nails.  If you go, be sure to give yourself an extra bumper of time and don't expect to get any nail art.  I made an appointment at Diamond Nails, who had done my art before, to go have them do it for me again this time.  I won't be returning to Fancy Nails.
5	Perfectly fine service with a reasonable price (maybe not the cheapest but many spas/salons charge over $40 for a pedicure).  I'll definitely be going back.  The woman who did my nails was very personable and friendly and the finished product was perfect.  Everything appeared to be clean and I witnessed everything getting a scrub down before new clients came in.Many nail salons have technicians who speak Vietnamese to each other the whole time and maybe I'm paranoid but it makes me uncomfortable, thinking they are saying stuff about you.  It was NOT like that here, even though I could tell English wasn't the first language of some of the technicians.  Theyll actually make conversation with you.  So I very much appreciate that.
3	My boyfriend and I came here yesterday, him for a mani pedi (his first!) and me for a shellac manicure (my first!). We walked in and were told to come back in 30 min, but it was about 45 - 50 til we got seated, though it was a Saturday so that's to be expected. First, I'll say my boyfriend was happy with his experience. He had a crack in one of his toenails (soccer player problems) and they glued it for him. However, I was disappointed they charged him $45 for the mani pedi when they didn't even polish his nails! That's half of the cost/time of a manicure. Now for my gels...Blegh. The technician was very nice and efficient, but I was not happy with my nails once I saw them in daylight. He didn't wrap the tips, which is my biggest manicure pet peeve, and some of my nails were filed unevenly and the polish was uneven at my cuticles and sides of my nails. I'm frustrated because since they are shellac I can't really fix them myself. I will probably be back because the reviews here are good and the location is convenient, but I will ask for a different nail tech.
4	My pedicure go-to in Madison. I like coming here because it's close, it's cheap, and they do a good job. I am usually in and out within 35-45 minutes. The service is good and the color selection is vast (especially pinks and reds!). I always leave with toes that look amazing and color that lasts at least 3-4 weeks without major chips.The only downside is that it's in a mall and people look in as they go by, which can be kind of awkward. Not a big enough deal for me not to keep coming back or recommending this place to others.
5	Tried the shellac and it's perfect.  I've also noticed that the staff takes the time to make conversation and knows their repeat customers - it's much warmer and friendlier than your typical nail salon.  And as before, it's very clean.
4	Love coming here on off times as a walk in. They are always friendly and efficient. I usually just go with a fairly simple pedicure though. I'm pretty easy to please in that way, but I think they do a nice job and it's pretty reasonably priced.
