4	Wow, where is the flying pig er..piggy bank.   Stopped by and the place was packed.  Found out it just opened  New, so nice and clean and not to big (Yea!), of course due to size the selections are more limited.  There tend to be one well know brand and BD's My Essential cheaper brand.  Pricing is low for most of the items we needed; hopefully this will help lower some of the prices at S&S and GE since they now have a good competitor.Not sure if the pricing will stay this low but was amazed at some of the prices,  probably due to promotion and just opening.  The cereals and stuff kids eat was very low priced.The produce department was nice, fresh and had its own little cold room.   Lots of fresh produce.  The My Essentials Iced Oatmeal cookies we ate on the way home were pretty good.Man this is great for families.
4	So I made my first visit to Bottom Dollar and liked what I saw. Bad color scheme I must say. Orange, green and white, it kind of feels like a 60's love in at Woodstock. It's really not even a nice green. The shopping carts are orange, a take-off on trader Joe's red carts? Hunter orange carts, this way you'll see when you're about to hit by a runaway "buggy" or an old lady who's racing for the pollygrip.Like Aldi's, You'll want to bring your own bags, boxes, or wheelbarrow, or everything you've saved will go for buying their bags. Although, you won't need a quarter to get a cart, that seems to be an Aldi's original. Bottom Dollar stores are much bigger than Aldi's with a lot more produce, meats and just about every other product, and brand names.Great prices on produce, and very good looking produce may I add. Being a veg head I didn't look at the meat, but I did see a bigger selection than Aldi's. They carry brand names and private label by the name of "My Essentials". A little more colorful than the black and white "generic" grocery labels we all remember. I was a bit befuddled though, I looked at the My Essentials Soy milk, it was actually a dime MORE than Silk brand. I'm all about saving the income where ever I can, this place is a welcome addition to the city and I'm sure a lot of people will appreciate the low prices. Just, who thought of this color scheme?
4	Very clean quick and friendly service.
4	Low prices and good service.  I use it when I'm in between big store runs.  When I only need $20 to $40 worth of stuff or so.  Bring your own bags or you can buy them for .05.
