5	I am not sure if this is the actual grocery or what, but I will review it as such.This is a small bakery that has great breads and pastries.  They also have a small grocery with specialty items and some of their own sauces, spreads and oils.  Their produce is always fresh and fairly priced.  They even make their own large dog biscuits which sell for only $1.50 each.  My dogs definitely approve.One Saturday afternoon I went in around 3pm and they had the loaves of bread buy one get one free.  I don't know if this happens in the late afternoon every weekend or if I just got lucky.
5	*UPDATE*They got a new pastry chef in there that makes the most awesome cupcakes! Oh yeah, do yourself a favor and try the Red Velvet Cupcake.. killer, seriously! The first time I tried Willo many years back I was unimpressed as the bread was to doughy and heavy for my tastes. Well I recently tried Willo after having a horrible "funky monkey" and cibatta from another local bakery. This place has SO improved! I bought an olive loaf and was blown away by the open soft airy crumb to the chewy slightly crisp crust. Oh they have won me over!!!
4	This morning my co-workers and I met for an impromptu "breakfast" at Willo Baking Company. It was such a gorgeous morning, so we sat outside on the slightly reclining patio chairs that make you feel like you should be on the beach (only you're on McDowell Rd.). I enjoyed a truly fabulous cup of coffee, and the three of us each had a different type of pastry or muffin.I'm not much of a "dessert at breakfasttime" kind of person, but I really wanted to indulge, so I had a raspberry danish. The danish had actual fresh raspberries in the center, and it was perfect! (Speaking of my issue with dessert first thing in the AM, I should mention that I brought my own hard boiled egg with me so I could have something healthy before devouring a ton of sugar. The man working at Willo even tapped on the glass and held up a packet of salt with a smile. It was funny.) It was so peaceful sitting there, and I found it quite funny that we could tilt our necks and see the mob gathering outside Starbucks just across the intersection.  I do enjoy some Starbucks from time to time, but this particular morning, I was awfully glad to be away from the hub-bub of a busy morning.
5	I want to set up a bed in the corner here and just eat my way through all the different breads please.First off, let me say-- they have the yummiest LOOKING foccacia bread for only $3-- available daily, I asked.  I am so going back next week and buying one.  We also sampled some Olive Oils-- they were all delicious!  $13/bottle but I think worth it with those tastes-- I want the Asiago Olive Oil.Everything about this little market is just precious- adorable- and sweet.   I've purchased fresh rolls and loaves of bread from here and served them at dinner parties- they were perfect!
