4	I'm surprised no one has ever reviewed this place! It has been open for at least 4 years and I paid my first visit here today. I came in to get a pedicure and the service was excellent. They really go out of their way to do a good job rather than just try to get people in and out of there. Their massage chairs really let you sink into their plush black leather and their basins look quite fancy. They also add bubbles to your foot bath and who doesn't love bubbles? My pedicure was a standard pedicure with a hot towel at the end and the option to razor some callouses but the ladies were friendly and spoke English fluently. The only downside is that they lack a variety of OPI colors because most of them tended to be on the spectrum of pink-red so if you're looking for something darker, bring your own. This place is so close to my house, I can bike there in 5 minutes, and it will definitely be my new go to for nails. P.S. They prefer tips in cash although it can be added on your card.
4	I have been going to Flamingo Nails since I was 16.. I'm now 22! Tina is the only person I trust with my nails! She has magical hands and does the BEST PINK AND WHITE NAILS in town and trust me, I've been around! I've also gotten regular manicures & acrylics and her free handed designs which come out beautiful as well~ My man has a bit of a foot fetish LOL so I have to make sure my feet are in tip top condition and no one makes my feet more smooth and soft than Tina! I also get my brows waxed by her! They also have a newly renovated facial/massage room. In addition to Tina there's also Hannah her sister in law and occasionally an extra lady at the shop. Hannah does a pretty good job too but like I said before Tina is my go to! She usually doesn't have a lot of openings because she has a huge following so make sure to make an appointment. Her only day off is Wednesday. Hot Tip: They have an ongoing special for pedicures for only $20! There's nothing fancy or unique about Flamingo Nails but Tina keeps me coming back!!!!
5	I LOVE this place! Tina & Hannah are the best!!!!
5	I get my nails done only *once a month* no lifting and never a broken nail :) Tina and Hannah are amazing and they remeber not only me but what's going on in my life too. Several of my friends are like I am and won't go anywhere else. I get pink & white for $35 and it looks amazing 3-4 weeks later. Don't go anywhere else :)
2	I've only been here once, and I had an older lady who I think may have owned the place. The resulting work looked like something a child would have done.. sloppy lines, messy flowers. I'm sure some of the other girls there could probably do better but I'm going off of the only one I've had experience with.She took 2.5 hours for a pedicure. A pedicure. Yeah. My feet are not that gnarly.. she just took that long. For that reason alone, I wouldn't return. Who knows how many brain cells I killed in that time breathing in the fumes that haunt all nail salons.The color selection here is severely lacking with mostly pinks and reds. I usually like to go with an interesting color, but there were none to be found.The pricing is fair. If you go.. just make sure you get an appointment with one of the younger gals. 2.5 hours for just a pedicure goes beyond pleasure, all the way to painful.
5	YES PLEASE. I always see Hannah here. She is the best. I recommend making an appointment cuz they are ALWAYS busy up in HURR!! If you nail chips at all, just go back in and she will fix it. No worries!
5	Love/love/love Tina for pink/white.  I recently moved to Vegas & have been to at least 5 salons looking for someone who can do acrylics that don't discolor, are thin, natural-looking & don't lift.   I've had so many bad  fills that I had nothing to lose trying Flamingo.  Tina really took the time w/ my nails getting the old mis-shapen acrylic down & did a BEAUTIFUL job w/ the fill. They are very natural-looking (no funky humped up nail bed), nice & thin and the white is pure white. The salon isn't fancy & the day I was in there were only 2 techs working (Hannah & Tina) but those two were very busy & I STRONGLY recommend an appointment.  Over the hour & half I was there, they turned away 3 people because they were already booked past regular closing time (yes, they booked an appointment after hours so very customer-oriented). Prices are what I am used to from the east coast...$35 for a fill so not cheap like I think people expect due to the number of places around town, but not the crazy $55 I paid at another salon (check my reviews). I usually go 4-5 weeks between fills so I'll update on how well they do over time, but right now I am one HAPPY-HAPPY girl!
1	I chose this salon because of its 4 star rating and also I was conveniently getting my hair done in the same area. I walked in on a Friday during the late afternoon to a completely empty salon. I told them I wanted pink and white acrylics and a French tip pedicure and they said they would do them at the same time, so I had to twist my body in strange ways to accomplish this. I did change my mind on the acrylics and decided I just wanted a colored polish over the acrylic while they were prepping my nails and they were very nice about that when in other salons I feel I may have felt like a pest for doing that. Not too bad except I may have felt a little rushed due to their multitasking. I later found out that they had some appointments about 1 1/2 hours after I arrived which could explain their rushing.When they finished my hands, the nail lengths were uneven and the nails themselves were crooked and way way too thick. And the worst part is that my toe nail was infected that evening. Yes infected.Unfortunately I won't be returning to Flamingo Nails. It may be smart for them to up their hygiene before something more serious happens that puts them out of business's.
5	Love/love/love Tina for pink/white.  I recently moved to Vegas & have been to at least 5 salons looking for someone who can do acrylics that don't discolor, are thin, natural-looking & don't lift.   I've had so many bad  fills that I had nothing to lose trying Flamingo.  Tina really took the time w/ my nails getting the old mis-shapen acrylic down & did a BEAUTIFUL job w/ the fill. They are very natural-looking (no funky humped up nail bed), nice & thin and the white is pure white. The salon isn't fancy & the day I was in there were only 2 techs working (Hannah & Tina) but those two were very busy & I STRONGLY recommend an appointment.  Over the hour & half I was there, they turned away 3 people because they were already booked past regular closing time (yes, they booked an appointment after hours so very customer-oriented). Prices are what I am used to from the east coast...$35 for a fill so not cheap like I think people expect due to the number of places around town, but not the crazy $55 I paid at another salon (check my reviews). I usually go 4-5 weeks between fills so I'll update on how well they do over time, but right now I am one HAPPY-HAPPY girl!UPDATE.....my pink/white fill is now 3+ weeks old & they still look fabulous. Only three are slightly lifting along the sides & one of those is my fault because I caught my fingernail closing the car door.   Will definitely go back!
2	I decided to give this salon a try after seeing the reviews here. I have recently moved and was looking for a new pedicure place that was reasonably priced but still delivered service, with results to last at least a couple weeks. When I arrived for my appointment, I pointedly asked if they do either a gel topcoat or a UV topcoat to set the polish and make it last longer, and my tech answered, "yes." Excellent, just what I was looking for.The pedicure was fine; the water could have been warmer and the massage chair could have had more options, but she did a wonderful job addressing any callouses and cuticle growth. The small bit of a foot massage she delivered was wonderful, albeit short. I did have some concerns about the cleanliness; the tools and implements didn't seem to be kept in any sanitized method and it did make me cringe a little. Comfort-wise, it was lacking. No offer of water or magazines, no TV on the wall or music in the room. The techs chatted back and forth in their native language, which I always find a little rude. Finally, when it came time to polish, she put two coats of color on--probably a third would have been better, as you can see the whites of my nails showing through--and then a top coat and told me to sit and wait for it to dry. I asked about the UV light and she answered, "No, just wait for it to dry." She insisted, "this is really good" but it did make me a little mad. I had specifically asked for one thing, she had told me yes, and then later told me no. This may have been a language issue, but still... don't just say "yes" if you aren't sure what someone is asking. I have been to several nail salons that do the UV topcoat and have a special light station set up just for that purpose.  Clearly Flamingo Nails has chosen not to offer this, but she should have told me when I asked. My toes chip easily and I'm lucky if I can get a few days out of a pedicure before the polish starts coming off if I don't have a light-sealed top coat (or the gel, which lasts forever and it is what I would have chosen if they offered it). I am going on vacation next week and specifically wanted color that will last through my trip. However, the price was only $20, so while I do wish I had just splurged and gone to the more expensive gel pedicure place I went last time (a pedicure that lasted 6 weeks), I am not going to get too bent out of shape. You get what you pay for, I guess. Obviously I need to be better at my due diligence when it comes to my research.
5	Omg!Omg!Omg! Tina!Tina!Tina!...I was in Henderson since 2005 and was totally faithful to my one nail guy the entire time I lived there. .I moved to the west side 2+ years ago and it took me a year to find her....I work in the beauty industry so my standards are high...(I don't need fancy pampering...I need someone who's going to get me in as soon as they can and do an amazing, fast job...plus my nails need to last and not lift..etc! (And as busy as Tina is she always gets me in within a day or two) Moving to Summerlin I tried almost every salon on charleston and they were all a HUGE disappointment! Got on Yelp! out of pure desperation and found Tina!! Thank the nail angels above!! I will follow her anywhere...she rocks1 (702) 354-5122
2	UPDATE UPDATE - Tina has left Flamingo Nails.  My 5-star review was based on Tina, not the shop itself.  My experience with the shop--it is a little shabby/run down & appointment times get recorded wrong which is a royal schedule-buster for me since I travel weekly and have a limited amount of time to accomplish my errands. Message me if you want to know where to find Tina.
5	I LOVE Flamingo Nails  for several reasons: cleanliness, great services and a friendly staff. When I first walked into the salon, they asked for my phone number. Equipment to be used only on me. I like that personal touch because it tells me they are very sanitary.It's a very nice place but unlike some local salons where the decor sort of overwhelms you. The no-frills atmosphere is the first tip of that you're going to get a good value and you're not paying for a lot of exorbantly-priced fixtures. They have new pedicure chairs that are out of this world!!Although Hannah has been employed here for over 6 years, she is recently the new owner of Flamingo Nails and she works there alongside new seasoned nail techs. Hannah has a professional high end clientele, Flamingo Nails offers free wi-fi while you get pampered...
5	I have been coming here for years.  I went to both Hannah and Tina.  I always preferred Hannah's personality and Hannah's work was a little cleaner than Tina's.  I was happy with both but if I had a choice Hannah was my #1 choice.  :-)  So I am glad that she is still here!  But I must say that I have gone recently and OMG!!!!! The new chairs are to die for!  I go for the pedi and mani BUT ladies u know we all go for the massaging chairs as well.  :-)  The walls have been repainted and there's a huge TV in there! Overall, everything just looks cleaner, newer and more updated!  I am loving it!  And u can't beat a $20 pedi that other nail places charge $40 for! This is why I will drive the extra 15-20 minutes to go to Hannah! I love her work and u can't beat her awesome service with a smile!  She has a customer for life!  :-)
5	OMG!! This is the best place ever! I would not change for anything! Hannah is absolutely without a doubt the best nail specialist I have ever used.  She is very thorough in what she does.  I have been going here for years and always walk out of there completely satisfied. Her new spa chairs are fabulous!!
1	Honestly, they do a very good but no mater what the wait time is always really long. I always make an appointment and even with an appointment wait about 30-45 minutes. They even soaked my feet for 35 minutes once until they were all pruney because they put me in a seat way before they were ready. I ended up leaving without a pedicure because I was so frustrated that they left me withy feet soaking for that long.
5	Yesterday I tried this place for the first time because I am new to Vegas so I gave her a try since it was the first one my phone found and I am amazed I have to say because Hannah gave me an amazing experience and I will surely be going back!
5	Hannah is fantastic! She's updated the decor since we first started coming here 2 years ago. It's beautiful. She has a great sense of humor and always tries to accommodate everyone.
5	Hannah is still here and rocking it! Love her and the changes she's made since she took over the place.   love the new chairs and as always she did an awesome job!  Love her work!  Always so clean and OMG...my feet feel awesome!!
