5	Great place to waste some time even a cafe up stairs
4	Pretty Awesome race cars on Display. The best Part is its Free to visit and well worth the visit. If your in Scottsdale and have some free time spend some here.
4	Great Indy Racing museum plunked right next to the Bentley dealership. This place is free, cool to check out, and a good history lesson for the evolution of the Indy car. Upstairs has some intriguing trophies, and a cafe/giftshop.
4	Nice array of special cars
4	Family out from redneck-ville in South Carolina. Wanted to go see all the "nice" cars we drive in Arizona... LOLTook them to the automall in Scottsdale and found this place. WOW. Really cool, was a hit with the kids, the 15 year old was drooling all over the place. While I knew non of these cars and racers... family from South Carolina knew them all!Good place to waste some time. There is even a Cafe to eat a light breakfast and lunch. If I ever buy a Ferrari, guess this is where I will get mine serviced.
4	Cool Cars, chill atmosphere. Not a ton to say about this gateway between the elite auto dealers in North Scottsdale. Pretty coll way to blow a few minutes while you're waiting on your car to come out of service.
5	WOW --what a treat  And its FREE.. Awesome display of WINNING race cars and Penske racing memorabilia. I could spend all day here. If you love cars this is the place.
5	Great small museum. Free
5	I stopped by this weekend and this place is a race car lover's paradise. Yes it is small but it is free. Brought my kid along and he loved it. Thought it was really cool to see the different race cars and he loved it even more when I told him the story behind a few of them. Yes I needed the plaques to tell me that story but still.If you are out in the area or can make a day of activities out in that part of Scottsdale I highly suggest checking out this museum. It will bring out the kid in you.
5	What's NOT to love?The largest collection of winning Indy cars other than at the brickyard's own museum. The building itself is very cool too. Oh yeah, did I mention that it's free??!!
5	What a place! And no one even knows it's here! In the middle of these million dollar cars. There is a museum with a great collection of Indy 500 winners. If you know your racing, this place is for you. There are cars that were driven by Tom Sneva, Gil De Ferran, Mark Donohue, Rick Mears, Bobby Unser, Danny Sullivan, and much more! Now they are begining to add more NASCAR's! I'll be back with my nephew!
5	I was fortunate enough as a Yelp Elite, to attend the unveiling of the Brad Keselowski 2012 Sprint Cup Championship car. This piece of NASCAR history makes Penske Racing Museum home, along with a plethora of other racing memorabilia. If you're a fan of racing at all, you'll love this place. Check it out!
5	Great place to visit, free admission, epic cars. Love the cafe on the second floor, check out beautiful views with good food!
5	On the small side, but a great collection of modern and vintage racers. It's also air -conditioned and free. Beware if you bring kids - it's tough to keep them from touching cars/ running around, and the lady up front was watching us like a hawk. Bonus: if you're feeling brave, you can take the kiddos outside or to the dealerships next door to see Maseratis, Lamborghinis and Ferraris.
4	Penske Racing Museum is easily accessible via the highway, just follow the signs to the parking lot where you pay to park in a multi-level underground parking garage. Then board the monorail up to an amazing view of the Phoenix area on a cliff overlooking expensive homes in Brentwood. The art is pretty spectacular, too. The  Penske has a roomful of Rembrandts and several Titians, both are rare in U.S. museums. The food in the restaurants was pretty good. Kids can run around in the gardens. Worthwhile for travelers of all ages.
