4	New stores keep popping up all over everywhere.  Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market is popular since it's green.  It's 2nd annual holiday card recycling program, encourages cust to recycle used greeting cards at its stores. Proceeds fm the sale of the recycled cards will go to American Forests, a non-profit organization that focuses on planting trees in restoration areas throughout the country.  This goes on thru mid Jan.  Not only is this good but more unique for a grocery store to do this.  Eat, recycle.
5	Wow! I love this place! Tesco/Fresh and Easy is setting the tone for the next generation of grocery stores. It seems to take the best parts of Trader Joe's combined with Whole Foods...at reasonable prices. I think the true sign that everyone is  getting on the Fresh and Easy bus is my experience at the last party I went to. At that at the last party I went to all of the food came from Fresh and Easy...except for the Cholula Sauce! Even the Siracha came from Fresh and Easy!It is so much easier to park and shop there. They have a great selection of food and prices, without the Costco quantities. I don't feel a large trade-off between the predominance of the fresh and easy brands because all of their products are all great...from what I have tried.They don't accept manufacturer's coupons which is fine by me. I never use the coupons anyway. The coupons they send are fantastic because I can actually use them. If you sign-up for the e-mail list, you can get more coupons. Also,  you can check yourself out, avoiding waits in long lines!Shopping at Fresh and Easy is refreshing compared to the pain of meandering through much larger grocery store chains. Once you get over the shift of how they laid out the store compared to a traditional grocery store, it is much easier to get what you need more efficiently.
5	it's like 7-11 meets whole foods, love this place..
4	We are big fans, especially if you need to get in and out quickly.  We find that we don't stock up on any junk food when we go.  The staff is friendly and approachable.  The coupons are great and useful.  However, we are disappointed that the staff no longer pass out coupons.  (The best thing is that the coupons are reusable...  When scanning the coupon, do not drop it in the slot.  This way you can rescan it up to 3 times).  Now we have to wait to get them by mail or email if you register with them online.  Most items are store brand but they also carry popular items that you can get at a regular grocery store.  Sometimes they run specials on selected items - I once bought a large bag of Doritos for 94 cents, and a bag of Chips Ahoy cookies for 88 cents!
5	Oh how I adore F&E. My new thing is those addicting pre packaged easy meals. It's like frozen food but much tastier and way more fresh ! I usually buy what's expiring that day (price between $.50 and $1.50). Can we say dinner for under $1 anyone? Here's the scoop on the things I've tried:*Cheese tortellini - delicious! Those fresh balls of mozzarella on top get all melty and beautiful. YUM*4 cheese pasta - amazing mac and cheese. How was this only $0.70!?*Arroz con pollo  - AMAZING. We literally eat this for dinner once a week. It's insanely healthy (check the stats!) and couldn't be tastier. *Chicken teriyaki - it's healthy, but not nearly as tasty as the arroz con pollo*Mojito shirmp pasta - OK yup what was I thinking? This stuff is NASTY. Minty shrimpy, ew. Don't do it. As a side note the cupcakes often go down to $1 a pack too. Fabulous ! I almost hate to let the secret out about my $1 dinners for fear they will get picked over.. they are that good !
5	I claim this location my Fresh and Easy, I promise not to go to any other location in the valley, for I have my same parking spot, same employees, and same register to me all the time!!I love how they have their unique things that are made exclusively by the company, but also mainstream things too, which ARE cheaper than other grocery stores.My faves here: hummus, basil pesto, spicy tuna bowls, frozen fruits, and of course clearance alley (is it really called that, or have I subconsciously named it?)!!!Get in, get out... and on the way say hi to the people who you are soon to become friends with! Love this place.
1	I started shopping at this particular F&E about a year ago....and will not shop there anymore......Everytime I went in I saw rotten meat in the meat section.....Take a look next time you will find at least 5.  I told the manager one day that was in a meeting with other managers and they looked at me like I was an alien.   Showed this mgr and she pulled one package off the shelf and left the rest. No thx will shop elsewhere!
5	One of my favorite places to shop. Great prices and not too busy when I go around 6:30 or 7 pm
5	I love me some Fresh and Easy!! Where I lived before in waaay North Phoenix, the closest one to me was 20 minutes away so I rarely made the trip :( Since moving here, this particular store is less than 2 minutes from my house.. yeee!! Call me sad or pathetic but a trip to F&E is the highlight of my weekly to-do list. Hey, I'm a mom of 3 Boys & I have to go grocery shopping. A lot. Any store that can turn this tedious task into a great experience gets big points from me! There's always great new things to try & the prices are unbeatable on many things. Add to that the super friendly staff & their .98 cent produce packs & this is a match made in heaven. Other things I like.. Rosemary, Garlic & Lemon marinated whole chicken, their meat selection, it's always plentiful & I've never seen "rotting" meat like another reviewer posted about, seaweed snacks (.69 a package!) their french bread which is baked for them by Il Fornaio & can be heated in your oven for that fresh baked taste, their cheese selection, the pre-made meals, esp the lighter fish options & SO much more.. The best part is seeing how much I come home with after spending so little.. who can beat that?!
4	i believe there is a fresh and easy on practically every corner. i love there food. the prices on some things are a bit high, like their meat. but their packaged meals rock. were else can you spend 4 bucks and get a complete microwavable meal that's way healthier than any lean cuisine. the other thing i like is that there are no cashiers. i like doing it myself. that's why at those bigger stores i use self checkout. i really don't know why anyone would go to the high priced holy-er than thou whole foods when fresh and easy is so nice and friendly.
5	Everyone here has been helpful, kind and courteous each time we shop here, I love the samples, even though most times we are on a budget, we still occasionally sneak in a new item or two because of the samples. There are two grocery stores closer to me than this Fresh and Easy but I still prefer to come here, even if it is only for milk or eggs. I also ride my bicycle to the store occasionally and again, even though I have others closer, I make the trek out here, well worth it for the product and why not chip away a little more exercise for an additional mile or two eh?
4	im into the convenience that fresh and easy provides. not much more to say. this one is close to my work so its really convenient when im at work. i wish they would open the empty one close to my house already.
5	The best kept secret in town~! Fresh and Easy was a "discovery" for me. I was rushing to a meeting and knew I wasnt going to have time grab something to eat. And I dont go to fastfood.I walk in looking for something I could just grab and go.I looked at their prepared food aisle and saw many normal foods like Mac and Cheese or some standard pasta dish.I happened upon a small tub of Curried Chicken Salad and figured that it was the right serving for me.So I grabbed that and searched along the store for something to drink. I picked up a Strawberry Lemonade and some plaintain chips.The best store bought prepared food I have had.I go there now and pick and choose from their prepared food selection. They have wonderful choices of non standard foods - Chicken Catalan, Spicy Chicken, etc....excellent!
5	This place is bigger than a convenience store but smaller than a grocery store. Clean and organized.  It's a cross between TJ's and WF's as far as products go.  Nice variety of healthier alternatives, organic options and a fair selection of grocery items. I like the meats they sell do not have pink slime and the ready to eat sausages have no nitrates. Their vegetables are fresh.  Note: since there are no  preservatives they tend to spoil quicker, so buy in small bunches. The pre made meals are not frozen either and they have alot to choose. Most of the dishes Ive tried are surprisingly  good! Especially the Asian and Thai foods.   It is so convenient when you just want to prepare a quick and easy meal for yourself or your family.  The store is easy to navigate around. The grocery clerks are always helpful and friendly.   There is always someone on the floor if you have a question. They do have self serve checkout stands.  The voice prompts on the register makes it easier to use.  Plus there is also always a grocery store clerk too in the area to help you if you are having difficulty scanning items.  Just ask them if you are not sure how to use your coupons for discounts off your grocery.  Nine times out of ten the grocery clerks there will bag your groceries and load them in your cart even though it's self serve. Prices on some items are a little more expensive than the grocery store chains in the area.  It balances out though especially when you use your coupon from their weekly ad that they mail out.  Plus their "Friends" rewards card rocks!  Based on dollars spent you are reward points that transfers to dollars off.   Ive accumulated as much as $10 worth of points then plus my coupon, I spent $15 on groceries. I saved 30 that time!  Plus I got more coupons via email on the items that I buy regularly which I can reuse for the whole month!  IThis is a neat place and my go to market because Ive saved alot of money.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Fresh & Easy! I love all the organic products they have at AWESOME prices! I also like all the ready to go meals....sometimes I don't have time to cook so popping one of these in the microwave is easy. This store also makes it very easy to get creative and try new recipes, with all the marinades, variety of meats, veggies, and breads I like that I can play around and come up with new stuff. On top of all that I get coupons every week from the flyers I get in the mail. I can go on and on about it...so in short, shop at Fresh & Easy and don't be afraid to try their brand of products they're great!
5	The name says it ALL!PERKS+ Fresh produce items+ Easy made meals which are also healthy+ Marked down items occur daily! (Can be dirt cheap!)+ Friendly employees+ Rewards programDIRTS- Self-serve check out - Bag your own groceriesBack when Fresh and Easy started opening up in the country, this was one of the first locations I went to. My grandma lives in Henderson, so whenever I visit, I definitely stop by here to grab some goodies for her!
1	I like a lot of British things...but Fresh & Easy which is owned by Tesco is not one of them. I went into this F&E location to pick up some fresh fruit. What I found was a very meager selection that was way overpriced. As I walked through the store I found milk that was also very overpriced. A turn found me looking at a wine aisle with Tesco's attempt to compete with Trader Joe's 2 Buck Chuck. I found some prepackaged meals that I admit looked interesting. But the truth here is that I ended up walking out with nothing as I just don't like the quality and the selection of products Tesco has chosen to stock their stores with. In short a Fresh & Easy is just a misread of the American market and the Las Vegas market in particular. It's a place best avoided.
5	Where do I begin with this place?  There are so many things to love!I'll start off with the food- uh-ma-zing!  They sell salad kits and ready-to-go meals which are super easy to grab and go.  I buy one for everyday of the week and they make my life easier.  I always pick up the Eat-well salads and meals.  Kale with mango dressing is really tasty.  There's edammame, walnuts, and grapes in it.  All that mixed together makes my taste buds dance. The Spinach with Quinoa and berry dressing is also a favorite! I usually bring those with me to school because they're so easy to take and eat in the car while waiting for my next class.  The salads are so fresh- I love crispy leaves, and easy to prepare- fresh and easy? I also love the steamers.  Salmon in teryaki sauce tastes amazing.  I'm not a big salmon eater.  I'll only eat theirs because it tastes really fresh.  They also sell faux meat for those that don't eat meat.  I must say, the herb dijon "chicken" is so good! I was a little hesitant to try it, but you never know until you try, and I'm glad I tried it.  I have to add some of my own seasonings, but still tastes good.  My dad, who is a meat eater, tried a piece and liked it.  The Italian sausage also taste good.  I like grilling it on the bbq or skillet.  Every time I walk in, I'm greeted by one of the workers.  They pretty much know who I am since I'm here just about every week.  Anytime I need help, they are always there and help in a timely manner.If you have a Friends Card, you gain points which can be later converted into dollars.  Also, they send you Made For Me Coupons.  You can save paper by downloading the app on your smart phone and scan the bar code right from your phone!  And you scan once for every item scanned, which can be quite a savings.  The only thing I don't like is that I am unable to do all my shopping here because they don't sell everything I buy.  Other than that, this place rocks!
5	I love Fresh & Easy and am so happy to have a store 3-minutes from my house in Henderson. It's the only grocery store I use and I recommend them to my clients in need of time management tips. The fresh meals, meal ideas and small portions work for singles, newlyweds and families. Love, love, love my Fresh & Easy!!
3	This is my go to place when I can't make it to Trader Joes. It can be super cheap or pricey depending on how you buy. They have markdowns every day if you hit it just right you can pack your freezer full and save lots on your food budget. BUT they are very expensive for a big grocery haul, a lot of items are double the price or simply higher.  The best way to work with this place is always have a coupon and try to get the markdowns. it is a decent place for a few small items , like a staples milk and bread kinda thing but do not shop on your serious budget your family will go hungry even the soup is expensive.   The staff are very nice, but the whole scan your own bag your own is a drag,
5	So bummed this location is closing.... Friendliest employees, store was always clean and well-stocked. A nice variety of gluten-free items. I almost cried seeing the "store closing" sign. I hope this store's team are all able to find jobs at other F&E locations.
5	Out of all the F&Es across the Vegas Valley this has to be one of the two stores that will be closing. NOT COOL! But who are we kidding. Ever since they shortened the hours of operation times of this location, it was inevitable this store wouldn't last. Employees here are great, friendly, helped me packed my groceries if they were available.  Always had a positive attitude, even now that this store is closing, they are sticking it out till the end, which is till this Friday. I wish them well. Will miss store #415 and my quick short trips just to get my watermelons...sigh.
