4	This orangetheory just opened up about two weeks ago in Scottsdale! They were offering a free introductory class and were very accomodating to get me in and have me try it out. The employees were super sweet and welcoming. The facility was clean and had nice restrooms.The class itself was great. It is a sixty minute class that focuses on HIIT cardio for 30 minutes and weight training the other 30. While although the workouts are something I can do at my own gym, I felt like the class setting gave me a boost of energy and motivation. What really sets them apart from other training facilities is that they provide a heart monitor that tracks your heart rate and calculates the calories burned. This is extremely beneficial and also plays a roll in making sure you get the most out of those sixty minutes. After the first class I was unsure about joining, but due to a TINY/MINOR hicup in the registration process for my free class- they kind enough to give me a FREE six month membership. The employees and owners are so sweet and you can tell they care about their clients and the results they get.I will be renewing my membership even after the free six months. Thanks!
1	Today was my first time at this location and I don't plan on returning. I'm already a member at the one on Mayo and I've been to a couple of Happy Valley classes and have been very happy with Orangetheory. But the customer service at this location has little to be desired!! I felt like just a number today.I was meeting my friend this morning and she got there before me. We just missed each other (she was speaking to one of the trainers when I came through the front door) as I arrived. I quickly scanned the front lobby looking for her and the two front desk staff didn't even say hi or greet me. I was the only one there and they weren't doing anything else at the moment. They just looked at me as I was trying to find the sign in sheet. Finally Jeff told me it was down by him. Then all of a sudden a clipboard was shoved in my face to fill out a (liability) form. I filled it out and handed it back as I questioned one of the policies which clearly needs to be changed on the paperwork (it said they have a 24 hr cancellation policy. Very unreasonable!). He said they still need to change that. Shouldn't that already be done?? Then, loudly, Jeff asks me my height and weight. That's just what a female loves to divulge while the new group is waiting for class and as the previous class comes pouring out. No sensitivity or discretion there. Then I'm asked for a credit card by both him and the other front desk staff member (didn't get her name). I said I'm already a member, you don't need that right now. I want to first see if I like it before I give out my cc info since I know they need it for purposes of charging a cancellation fee (if you don't give 12 hours notice before canceling a class). I was there on time as scheduled so I told him no, let me see if I like it first. Then he went on and on about how they have to have a card on file in case I run off with their $137 pod ( the two both kept harping on that in a very business-like manner. It was insulting and very "in my face"). There was no finesse in their approach. I told him I was feeling very uncomfortable with how this was starting to feel and asked where my friend was. I wasn't even planning on staying at this point. Once I found her, turns out they treated her the same way, only worse!! The female staff member actually followed my friend into the bathroom to hound her about filling out their form and to get her credit card. Are you serious?? Can't you wait until she comes out??!! How unprofessional! These two were not very personable or welcoming for being so-called Sales Associates. Very disappointing! And all this after arguing with me about which my home gym is. It's not wise to argue with a customer if you don't know what you are talking about.My friend and I stayed for most of the class but were just not feeling it. The board showed lots of blue and green, hardly any orange (the zone you want to achieve for a certain portion of your workouts). I will say their treadmills are the best (fans work great and the tread part is very solid...very comfortable to run on) and they had a screen in the weight room to show you what the workout routine in there would be for that segment of the workout. But then it was hard to see the screens that had your heart rate on it without leaving that area to check on it (or squint your eyes). The class was a little crowded so I didn't get to try the row machines (plus we left early). I would've warmed up on one but I was too busy dealing with the nonsense even though I arrived 15 min early. Since I'm already a member and they say we can use any facility we want, I wouldn't expect such a hassle.My expectations were definitely NOT met here. How about a "hi", "how are you"? "Welcome to Orangetheory!". Find out why I'm there and quickly what my back story might be. That's what I'm met with at the other locations. Others make the members feel appreciated for our business (or potential business for those that aren't a member yet). Today's experience made me feel like I was just a dollar sign walking through their door. And that just does not make me feel like going back!
5	I joined the Scottsdale Ranch location prior to it actually opening.  Since before it opened, I have been nothing but positively impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff.  The classes are challenging but seem to accommodate a wide range of ages, body types, and levels of fitness.  The coaches are outstanding.  They are always friendly, seem to know everyone's name, and are always willing to show exercise modification to those who need them.  Rather than having someone screaming "Go! Go! Go!" like you hear about at some group fitness programs, Orange Theory Fitness really works to provide a very positive and supportive environment that is encouraging while not being annoying.  The staff is very professional.I had belonged to another NE Valley location but quickly quit due to the single shower for the entire facility.  This location has both men and women's showers.   The bathroom and shower are always spotlessly clean are stocked with towels, soap, shampoo, and even razors.  After going three times a week for the past month, I have lost 5 pounds without much diet modification.  I have no doubt that if I were more disciplined with my food choices that I would be down more pounds than that.I really can only say positive things about my experience with the Scottsdale Ranch Orange Theory Fitness.  The facility is very nice and every employee (management, front desk, coaches) are the friendliest gym people I have ever met.
5	I adore this place!  The trainers and front desk staff are SO personable and had my name and routine memorized after just a few weeks. The workout is unbeatable. I've lost around 30 lbs in the few months I've been dieting and attending these classes.  Yes it's expensive,  but it's a lot cheaper than a personal trainer and is well worth the penny!
1	My first experience at orange theory was one of the most disappointing i have ever had. As a fitness group instructor and personal trainer i was on vacation eager to try this workout. I walked in 15 min early to class, no one said hi. I told them i was new the desk girl told me to wait for a hR strap. 10 mins later i was still waiting i asked desk guy if i should just take one he said ya. So why i waited who knows? Bathroom only had one stall. My heart rate never came up on screen the lady nxt to me complained since she joined hers has never worked. The teacher had very stressful energy the whole time and just ran around like a chicken wo a head she would show exercises by doing them herself she never gave verbal cues or physical modifications. She never corrected form or made sure people were feeling the workout. The treadmill patterns were unguided and boring. I wasnt told what speed range to start or increase. I told her i had never used a water rower she took the time to explain which is the only reason why this deserves one star. Class way too crowded!! 10-7 min intervals is too short. The sanitary wipes ran out during class so as if its not already gross hoping on someone elses sweaty equip imagine wo being wiped down. The ab mats were squeezed inbtwn tread and rower i did not fit in the space and am only 5'6''. After class no one asked how i liked it or told me about price/membership. I had to ask what to do with my strap could of walked out with it. Ill never be back!From mikes wife- ash
5	I love this place!  Awesome workout and trainers.  Have been here now for 12 weeks and seeing great results.  Well worth the money, compared to the thousands of dollars a personal trainer at a gym would be (I have done that!)  Always challenging and changes every day.  Very clean because everyone wipes down their equipment.  Many classes to choose from.  Front desk has always been helpful and friendly.  No complaints, I am very happy and plan to continue here for a long time.
5	I am kind of mad that you do not consider my review of a couple days ago helpful.  I took the time to say how much I like this place, but that is not considered useful.  Can you reconsider using my review?  Or tell me why it is not acceptable.
5	What a workout!! Great cardio circuits and awesome interval/ strength training keeps my body guessing. Chris is my favorite instructor and Jeff, Kelsey and Kathy are very kind and welcoming. Paying upwards of $79/month for 8 classes (intro rate) is well worth it! Busiest classes: 4:30/ 5:45pm M-F, Sat 8am, 10:30am... Steer clear if you want a pod!
3	The trainers are amazing. Dan, David, Darian, and Keisha are great trainers at Scottsdale Ranch location. As for their front desk staff. There are two girls-blonde and brunette who are rude and tell members wrong information and charge their accounts when the members are not suppose be charged for the extra class. These girls argued with three different members. Not impressed with the front desk staff. Because  they tell members wrong information which they were told different by different front desk person. Plus when these girls are working, they do not get people's names up on the polar monitoring board until 15 mins into the workout or not all which is very upsetting. And these girls just say oops, even when you have to get of treadmill or rower to tell them you are not on the board, and they say okay. But never do anything to correct it. So you will not have accurate calorie burn. This is very disappointing because if you go to other Orange Theory Fitness in California or different locations in Arizona, they are very organized with members pods gathering, and getting names on the board. At Scottsdale Ranch-OTF, they are so disorganized. Kind of annoying when you are paying so much a month for classes.
5	Joined Feb 2014, fantastic team! Very helpful, lots of encouragement and the results are awesome!! Scottsdale Ranch Team is the best!
5	I've been going to Orange theory for over 2 years. Transferred to Scottsdale Ranch when they opened (more convenient). The crew is amazing and caring, great music, great energy, the workouts are fun. I burn around 800 calories each workout. Received compliments on how my body changed.
5	Love this place. Great trainers! I love the location and everyone is friendly and it is very clean. I do wish the women's bathrooms were bigger, but it seems all the locations have small women's bathrooms. Love the workout!
5	This is one of my favorite OTF locations! The staff is super friendly (although they could spend a little more time with 1st timers before class), but they pretty much always know your name. The trainers will push you individually to do better every single time. The gym is always clean and there is plenty of space to change before/after class.
4	Love, love, love my OTF workouts!  Not all the coaches have the same motivation for me so I do have to pick my classes based on who is training.  But that's just me!  I love that you can see the HR monitor actually tracking the progress of your workout.  Its easy to adjust the workout intensity to accommodate your fitness goals."You can't out-train a bad diet"In future OTF locations they really need to come up with a better bathroom/locker room concept.  Its only 1 stall and 1 shower with a tiny, tiny area to get "pretty".  This limits the ability to go before work...can't get ready here and go to the office.  I can only work out after work.
5	Caution: Orange Theory can become addicting! Let me start by saying that you get out what you put in! Workouts can be as hard or as easy as you make them and this workout will challenge each individual for their needs.  If it's competition that you need well, look at the monitor board, if it's motivation or an extra push you need then take David's class. (Or any class for that matter).  This is a fast and intense workout and while it's not for the faint of heart,  even first time gym goers can try it. The beauty is is that a 55 minute class works your whole body incorporating weights, cardio and stretching into one work out. Accountability is driven from all angles with the workouts and HR monitors. David is my favorite instructor (with dan in a close position).  David will walk around and ensure proper form. David gets to know your name and will call you out if he sees you slacking or encourage you on your tough days! These trainers get to know each person in their class. They make you feel like you have a true personal trainer and as they get to know your strengths and weaknesses they push you to your capabilities to ensure you are getting the most out of your workout.  This is the most important role these guys have because safety equals healthy longevity and after all, isn't that what we are all working towards. Love me some OTF!!
5	After baby 2 and the dreaded last 10lbs of 65 lbs put on still hanging around like an unwanted stalker.....i knew I needed to do something.  I used to be in stellar shape pre kids 4 years ago but with a crazy career and two kids my work outs were 2x/week (barely) where I'd hoof it casually for 30-60 minutes at the gym. I am not a morning work out person and I'd be exhausted by 8pm after kids were in bed. Step in OTF...I hit the 4:30-5:30 class by my kids school and pick them up after. The wor out is killer but can be scaled to those not in great shape (I am medium level).  I highly recommend this place and the workout and the staff and how clean it is. If you are looking for a work out that is always different,  involves collective teamwork and burns 500+ calories in 60 minutes with great music and no germs this is your place. For those deterred by price they are actually reasonable considering it's like having unlimited group personal training sessions.  I'm addicted (and sore) ;)
5	I can't get enough of OTF!  I enjoy the atmosphere and the HIIT workouts that they put together.  I recently signed up for the 8 sessions a month membership and it's worth every penny.  I've been so turned off by the regular gym routine at my La Fitness and I was searching for a change.  I found that change at Orange Theory.  This location is 8 minutes from my home in Scottsdale and the morning sessions on the weekends are never packed.  They work around all schedules and the staff is friendly and willing to coach you on every level.  As long as you stay focused you'll see results in no time.  OTF!
5	Need to send a shout out for Dan Durso at OTF in Scottsdale Ranch!  The guy is so enthusiastic about fitness and exercise.  He teaches with passion and encourages everyone.  He makes sure your exercises are in proper form to prevent injuries.  Also if you have an injury and you speak up, he will modify for you!  The most incredibly generous benefit of training with Dan is if you have specific diet goals and you seek his help...he goes all in with you! It's a huge benefit because any trainer/diet consultant would charge you a lot of money to review your log and help you!  He does it because he really is knowledgeable and he wants to see his OTF clients succeed and you get it as a benefit with him at Orange Theory.  So speak up, don't be shy and take advantage of this while you can!!! Thanks OTF and Dan!
5	I tried Orangetheory this morning for the first time and man, oh man, it was a BLAST!It was a fantastic experience from the minute I walked in until I left!  The place is obviously popular too, I tried it at 6a on a Saturday and the class was definitely not empty...I was surprised.  Very clean atmosphere and the equipment was very nice to work with.When I came in, the girl at the front desk was super nice and helpful explaining the classes to me and getting to know me.  She introduced me to the class instructor (Jenna? ... I think) and Jenna got me going on the equipment and showed me how to use the rowing machines since I was a newbie to those...The workout was fun for me because I could constantly check in to see if I was really pushing myself to get into the orange zone!  I ran way farther and faster than I honestly believed that I could. It was amazing! Then we did weights and some suspension work with the bands, and in between we were using the rowing machines... WHAT A WORKOUT! I am sore already, and worried that tomorrow will be worse! (In a good way!)The first class is free and from there you can sign up to become a member if you like.  I love that my next class will be different, but that I can count on a real motivational challenge!  I wanted to try these classes to incorporate more cardio into my life, and these classes will certainly do that!  I love the fact that the studio offers MANY class times.  My work schedule is inflexible and I often miss out at other types of classes due to this; but orangetheory has so many classes that there is no way I will have an excuse not to go!Looking forward to my next cardio day!  Highly recommend that anyone considering these classes give this studio a try!
5	I love OTF.  It is motivating, group work that you can do independently and I love it.  It is peaceful, yet you can rock out at the same time.  I am definitely motivated more by certain trainers than others, so I have to chose my workouts not only by what works for my day, but who is teaching the class.  I wouldn't mind seeing a trainer throw in some Country music...just saying...there's some there to workout to!  Thanks OTF
