3	I mean, it's just a T-mobile store, so you can't expect much.  It's a bit hard to find and get to.  But I walked in, and after standing around being ignored for a while I got exactly what I needed, efficiently, and with a friendly (though in a sales-person kind of way) interaction.  I can honestly recommend coming here for a cell phone and/or plan to anybody, but it's nothing special.
3	That time when you are out of contract on your phone is always a challenge.  The allure of other phone companies can be compelling, but analyzing other plans really sucks.  I mean really.  The worst part is trying to figure out just what it is that you currently have and then comparing it to what others offer, and most of all trying to figure out how much you use to see if you can save at all, or if you should just stick it out.Luckily I am a total nerd when it comes to these kind of metrics, and keep track of our minutes, texts and whatnot, so have a breakdown of all phone usage for the last few years in a pretty spreadsheet.  And we already knew that our current carrier was horrible.  So it was just a matter of finding a new one.  When we settled on T-Mobile after testing out a phone from Wal-Mart, we just had to find a store, which is surprisingly difficult.This particular location is tucked into a shopping center bordering on collapse after several other stores have been shuttered, and this store itself is almost impossible to find, since it is at the end of the building and looks like it is part of another.  The staff is nice enough, but they are S-L-O-W (both in action and occasionally in intelligence).  You can learn more with careful reading of material than by asking questions, since those questions get different responses depending on who you ask - though they are always given nicely, they can provide the wrong information.Still, we ended up with what we wanted, and are now in a new contract for a while, so do not have to worry.  For a bit, at least.  Assuming everything holds out until the end of the contract, that is.
5	I recently went here to get rid of my Verizon contract. Darren helped me the entire time and was extra nice and got me in and out with a new cell phone and a cheaper bill in less than an hour. That was exactly why I went in and I was very happy.
1	Do not trust T-Mobile! Their salespeople and Corporate support have lied to me about my initial signal strength and lied about a tower that was coming to my area just to get me past the buyers remorse period. No integrity at all as recently demonstrated by the overbilling scandal uncovered by the FTC.
