4	Dropped by for a quick snack after finding them on Yelp. Pretty good selection of baked good, only tried a cream roll and a turkey sandwich roll. $2.75 for both.  $1.50 for the turkey sandiwch - mmm good. BUT of you are worried about refrigeration, you may want to skip as they probably have been out for a while without being kept cold.
4	I love Chinese bakery. They make beautiful cakes, not too sweet. Their breads are so moist and soft. I like their red bean buns, BBQ pork Buns, Coconut Buns and more.
1	if i could give this department 0star i will.we are regular cumstmers always bought cake or bakery from this place.but todday it is really upset me and my family.we ordered a cake from this palce yesterday and the man who took the phone call was really rude and horrible coustmer service...first we told him that we want order a pink color fruit cake.and he say he they cant.do it because the cake maker was not there yesterday.but he can only make it white color.my dad told him thats fine.and we need 12inches.the man was sooo rude telling my dad they can ONLY make 8inches...in fact he is just going.to give us the cakes.they already made couple of days ago.its been sits in their counter old cakes.because it does not make any since they can only make white and only 8inches cake.so which means whoever make the cake cant make the same shape just a Little bigger?so the man was lied he just.dont.wanna make us a fresh Cake wanna us to buy the old cake its going to expire.uhg!!!today me and my dad drove all the way to there it took us like 45min just for that cake we ordered from yesterday.cuz today is my birthday.when we went there he did not work today.it was a young lady work there.so we told her we were picking up a cake and told her that.the man who took our ordered yesterday was very rude while she bring out our cake from counter.as we thought it was a white 8inches cake it looks like its been sitting there for 4 or5days.and my dad told the man write my name also happy birthday to.me as we saw there is nothing on the top of the cake.we were so mad.and told the.lady forget that cake.after that we went to next.door doona's bakery bought a nice freash strawberry cake.much better service in donna's bakery than super l bakery.from now on we will better going.to donna's bakery.over all,the lady was very nice oppligize to us about the man who were rude to.us.and did not even get our ordered right.i always shopping there she was absolutely nice every time.but the man always rude and wired.if he cant be patient maybe he should not work there. for sure they are going to lose lots of business.
