4	In a world of fast food dining establishments that is dominated by burger joints and the like, Fazoli's comes as a breath of fresh air.The restaurant is essentially an Italian fast food establishment - something we have needed for quite some time. If you're a fan of Italian food but you don't have the time to do a full dine-in experience, this place makes for a fine alternative.A little bit of everything Italian is available here - pasta dishes, pizza, breadsticks, the list goes on. Quite honestly, despite being a "fast food" place, their food is above average. No, it doesn't hold a candle to that of dine-in restaurants, but it's better than typical fast food fare. The service at their restaurants is usually very good - I typically get through the drive-thru quickly. However, like a lot of places they do tend to make the occasional mistake on your order, and they tend to hire a lot of people that can't speak English well. However, they satisfy more often than they don't. I haven't had any major negative experiences here.Fazoli's is the best thing to happen to fast food in years, it's just a shame they don't have more locations around the valley. At present time, I believe they only have 3-4 in the Vegas Valley. Still, you're bound to have one in your area, so give them a shot if you're in the mood for something other than burgers and fries for lunch.
4	It is a warm day and my dog wanted to get out with me, so I took a ride with her and we did the drive thru here.. It was not too busy ,as it was at Taco Bell drive thru .that was next door . I ordered the 'original submarino'- it was 880 calories, tasty ,but a little too much mayo, it is something I would not eat everyday? Anyway the sandwich included a drink of your choice.. Fast and friendly service at the drive thru window,tooOnly thing their website,doesn't list any prices for all items on their menu?? But is doesn't have the nutritional info,fyi..The pasta do come 2 ways full combo and/or entrees only? Reasonable priced,granted it is not like being in Italy, but  it is a change from burgers and fries...
3	The only saving grace of this restaurant are their unlimited breadsticks. I've tried their pasta and it leaves much to be desired. The pasta tasted like the frozen pasta that I microwave at home. So not good! BUT I've also tried their pizza, and their pizza is pretty good and pretty cheap too. So if you're looking for a place to get pretty decent pizza by the slice at a reasonable price then come here. Their breadsticks are awesome though. I would probably come back just for that.
4	Visiting my brother this last weekend.  He took me to this place.  I have no Idea why I had never thought of this before but it is so smart.  Italian Fast Food.  And Good fast food too.  My brother had some coupons so we were expecting to get a killer deal just like he had done in the past.This place has some really cool deals.  On Weeknights (just weeknight I think) kids eat free!  My brother and his wife have two kids so they both got a slice of pizza and a small kids soda with a plastic keeper cup.  My brother and his wife enjoyed two meals for the price of one thanks to one of their coupons.  I also used a coupon to get $4.99 all you can eat spaghetti!   I think the whole meal for all 5 of us came out to less than $15!!!The problem was that the manager on duty did not like the idea of us mixing the "kids eat free" deal with the coupons.  I can understand how she felt; I have worked my share of fast food and restaurant jobs.  The problem is my brother has been coming to this exact location for dinner a few times a month for a couple months now and he has never had a problem before.  In the end the manager let us mix the deals we were eligible for but she made us do it as 3 separate purchases.  Now, about the food.   This is not Olive Garden or Old Spaghetti factory.  You are expecting too much if you think you will be getting some kind of Gourmet Italian food for $4.99 a plate from a restaurant with a drive-thru.  However it is good.  The breadsticks were also very good and all-you-can-eat. (Again, no Olive Garden breadsticks, but good, think decent pizza place breadsticks)  The portions were also decent.  Even with the All-you-can eat meal that I got I only had room to get seconds, but not thirds or fourths etc.  I would like to try the pizza, if I am in the area again I will go back.
4	Just like Sbarro, Fazoli's is the Panda Express of Italian restaurants. Good fast food in a pleasant environment.   This has been my second visit here. On both visits I was satisfied with the food. However, I think that they could of been slightly more generous with the quantity of food.    I took advantage of the current lunch special, served daily up to 3 PM. For $3.99, I had two choices out of a few items, that included lasagna, fettuccine, ravioli, and spaghetti. Two bread sticks come with the special. I chose spaghetti and meat lasagna. An additional $1 brought me a fountain beverage (free refills at the self-serve fountain).   The food was decent. I know that there are frozen dinners in the supermarkets that taste as good as the food here. But, to be fair doesn't competitors sell frozen dinners in the supermarkets?   The eating environment  in Fazoli' s makes this it a good choice for dining. The classical music is relaxing. Fitting for people like me that need to wind down. Another bonus is that the person who took my order delivered the food to my table.    Chances of returning: I'll probably return if the Feast Buffet in the nearby Sunset Station raises their prices.
3	I had the Cherry Almond Chicken Salad for lunch, I was going to go for a good ol Ceasars Salad, but got a little turned off by the bacon bits. My salad was good. Exactly what I expected. They toss the salad in the dressing for you, and do go a little overboard, so next time I will get it dry. Great place for a quick lunch or dinner to go!
4	This place is good. I love Italian food, this is fast food. Thats why only 4 stars. But it is still great. I always go here when I cone down to Vegas...they need to expand and build some in norcal.
2	Sometimes you want cheap fast food Italian. And sometimes Fazoli's can be just what you need. But then there are nights like I had on my last visit where the food tasted like high school cafeteria food. Bleech. Thankfully their breadsticks never suck and if you order a dozen of 'em at least you can give the dog the rest of the food and your stomach has something to keep it from growling. 2 Stars: Only because the breadsticks saved them from a 1 Star and placement on my "It's so bad my dog wouldn't eat it list". Because truth be told the dog didn't eat the ultimate sampler platter either.And as bad as Fazoli's can be, even at their very worst they still beat going to Napoli across the street as that place is unfit for human consumption.
4	Definitely good when you're in the mood for a carb-overload at good price. The breadsticks are unlimited when you dine-in (idk if that's a good thing...we went overboard). The staff was very friendly. All in all...an excellent fast food meal, without the fast food feeling.
4	Excellent for quick meal on the go...
4	If you want tasty, quick Italian-esque food, come here.  No, this is not a fancy-pants sit-down establishment with candelabras, cold-pressed olive oil, and linen napkins, but it's not selling itself as that.  It's selling itself as an option for tasty, quick Italian-esque food, and it does that admirably. I am, in all honesty, obsessed with the garlic breadsticks.  They're soft, they're buttery, they're garlicky, and they're warm.  I could make a meal just out of these (though I haven't tried as I think that would likely take me to a carb-induced coma).  The food I've had here, again, for all accounts, is tasty, Italian-esque food and it's served quickly and without fail by a pleasant person.  I only drive-thru here, so I can't speak for the sit-down.  Yes, I will be back.  Those breadsticks are addictive.
1	Fazoli's has somehow managed to screw up a breadstick, which I thought a task impossible. I took a bite and instead of Italian goodness, I was smacked in the mouth with buttered popcorn flavor. Or maybe more accurately, a buttered popcorn flavor Jelly Belly. What is this?When I arrived, nobody was at the counter. For a long time. I perused the menu for a quite some time before anyone came to take my order. Then, the staff was extra loud in talking to the people behind me: their friends, not customers. I had had a pretty traumatic day and just wanted some damn pasta to make myself feel better but this place, believe it or not, actually made me feel worse.Also how hilarious is it that a piece of pizza is considered a "side" here? Yep, load me up with pasta and then instead of a normal person side, I would like some more cheese and grease.
2	Fast italian food... it sounds like a good concept.  In reality, it's a wreck.  I had the cheese ravioli along with salad and breadsticks.  The salad was fine, the ravioli was nothing special, and the breadsticks were just bad.  Tasted like something old and microwaved.  I usually can't turn a breadstick down (especially when they're unlimited) but here, I just didn't enjoy them.  The service was okay and the restaurant was clean but I just can't recommend the food, even for the price.  I'll spend a bit more money and time and go to Olive Garden next time.
3	I feel really bad whenever I come to this place. They have really nice employees that are running around like crazy people trying to serve the drive thru and their dine in guest. My last visit here they had a long drive thru line and nobody but me dinning in. It took 30 minutes for me to get my sub because although I ordered before any of the people in drive thru they were so busy trying to get the line down that they made my food last. They are really understaffed which makes it difficult to make going here worth it. I suggest going before you're to the point of starving because it will take a while before you get your food.
5	Met up here with a good friend here last weekend, Fazoli's is a  place we both enjoy very much but there aren't any on our side of town:( Service at this location from the cashier who gave by buddy a cup to have his drink while he was waiting on me to arrive to I believe her name was Mary delivering all those warm, delicious bread sticks at the table.  Our visit here for a sit down, fast food type place was overall a much better experience than at most of the regular sit down style places.  We left there with a smile on our faces and in our belly...maybe we'll make this a routine until we can convince someone to open one up on the north side of town..
4	Why isn't there a Fazoli's in AZ!!?!?!?!?There used to be and now they are all closed.  I wish they would come back. Every time we come to Vegas, we have to make a trip to Fazoli's and eat as much food as we can.  The bread sticks, which are my favorite, are soft, buttery, garlicky, and have just the right amount of salt.  No matter what you order, red sauce, white sauce, pasta, pizza, their new flat bread sandwich-things...everything is super good!  The only thing I think they  could improve on are the salads.  You can tell they have been previous prepared and sitting in the fridge.Either way, it's fast Italian food...it's yummy!
3	I love coming here. Unlimited breadsticks if you dine in and the customer service is very welcoming. I usually stick with my usual which is spaghetti with meat sauce and get the meal which also includes a slice of pizza. Good enough lunch portion size.Honestly Fazoli's is probably a notch below Olive Garden but it's not bad and definitely not going to be as crowded as Olive Garden usually is.
3	Eh, it's good for drive through Italian food when the kids are hungry and I don't feel like cooking. Breadsticks are good, probably cooked in margarine (eck). The other food is not bad, and I love the concept of fast Italian food.
4	I have been going to this Fazoli's for about 4 years.  The service has only gotten better!  Julie started out as an employee who was always friendly when I went throught the drive-thru, now she is a manager.This store goes out of their way to ensure that they get you customized order perfect and they'll even throw in a couple breadsticks if the wait is too long.  Speaking of those breadsticks, they can't be beat.  When you combine that with good consistent quality of the other food and new items that keep giving you fresh options :)
5	We really miss having a Fazoli's close by and this location was a great find in the Vegas area - just a few minutes drive from the main strip.  The staff was very friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked in.  The food came out quickly and they brought us fresh-out-of-the-oven breadsticks.  They followed up about ten minutes into our meal to ensure that everything was going well, and to offer us more of the unlimited breadsticks.  The spaghetti was exactly the delicious meal we remembered it to be.  The pumpkin cheesecake was delicious!Overall: AWhen we are back in the area, we will return!
1	Awful. Frozen over cooked chicken with a grey-colored covering (think it was supposed ti be cheese). Seriously you can find better Chicken Parm at Sara Lee.The red sauce was straight out of a can. The pasta is not fresh made and I doubt any consideration is given to quality of food.Really really disgusting!  Not sure how they stay in business. This is not the kind of food that I go out to eat.
1	Food is always amazing here... and service is great... but today I was in the drive thru and I saw the manager and another emplyee walk out from the trash can area outside... which is fine... but then a few minutes later thet walked back there again... with no trash! Why would they be hiding out in the trash can area? Something doesnt seem right about this. It seems too suspicious. This makes me feel very uncomfortable comming here. I cant say that I know what they were up too, but it didnt look good! Besides... what normal person hangs out with another dude behind the stinky trash cans? This manager was wearing a blue shirt and had long dark hair in a pony tail. The other employee was wearing a red shirt and a hat. Looked like he had a shaved head. Both were skinny. Not a good look for you guys!!
1	Never will I return here.   Eh food and rude management!! Willing to lose a customer over $2 well he succeeded!!! Internet here sucks so I checked in on four square 2 min after I paid when I sat down.    I went up to the manager with my receipt and showed him the four square check in special which is $2 off a $5 order , we spent almost double that.  He refused to honor it because the transaction was done.  It was done 2 min ago!!! I won't be back and I told him that.  It's not that he couldn't do anything it's that he didn't want to.  Horrible management and customer service here.   My first and last time here.   They lost me as a customer.
1	Be careful coming here. I had bad service here before but I wanted to give them another chance. The Service was good but what happened after made me sick. Roaches were crawling on the walls and my table. My family freaked out and left. We told the supervisor what happened.  She said ok we'll take care of it. Good luck fazolis.
5	My wife said let's try this new place I was hesitant to try Italian drive-through food .But I must say it was way better than the Olive Garden!
1	This location is no longer open.
1	The place was horrible and food was well not very good .It did have good bread sticks , pizza was atrocious . I live nearby and the place is Closed. The signs have been removed and the interior is being torn out .
