3	The Scotsman is the local newspaper and a good one.  I'm writing this review because when I was in Edinburgh, there was a store that was giving away a free newspaper with each cup of coffee.  I took a picture of the sign and a woman in my office has it on her bulletin board.  It says:"Free Scotsman with each cup of coffee"She wants to go to Edinburgh for a cup of coffee. :)
3	Championing itself as "Scotland's national newspaper", The Scotsman seems to be somewhat geographically confused. Anywhere north of Queensferry, west of Linlithgow, or south of Baberton doesn't seem to count.With the country's other broadsheet, The Herald, being as Glasgow-centric in it's coverage as The Scotsman is towards Edinburgh, it is a shame that there isn't really a Scottish national daily that genuinely covers the news and current affairs of the country as a whole. That is unless you count The Daily Record, which would just be stupid.Apart from that, politically fairly neutral, with some decent articles but a slightly old-fashioned and out of touch feel, it's a passable if uninspiring read.
3	The Scotsman used to be a daily read for me, but this newspaper, like all Scottish newspapers have struggled to match the quality of the Scottish versions of the London Papers for some years now.However, the Scotsman today is still a solid read, with its coverage of local and political stories. With its offices located just around the corner from the Scottish Parliament it has used its prime position to great effect with stealing a lead on other papers when it comes to the events in Holyrood! It also has some great commentators on politics and economics, such as Bill Jamieson and George Kerevan. Furthermore, it consistently provides good coverage of cultural issues in Scotland, however I think the idea that this is a national newspaper might be stretching the truth somewhat, with its emphasis on the East of Scotland.If you want to read a newspaper which has detailed articles, but also has some fun, not so serious articles in it, then the Scotsman is the paper you should pick up at your local newsagents!
