3	If you can get past the questionable labor practices and your knee-jerk anti-corporate philosophy, Whole Foods has a pretty decent selection of organic food. Deli sucks balls though.  And you can quote me on that.
5	I can't help it.  I'm going to have to disagree with the other people who reviewed Whole Foods, even the one I happen to share a house with.  I love everything in this place starting and ending with the samples.  Did you know that if you ask an employee about a particular food they are allowed to open it for you to try?  Best tip ever.
4	The best breads in the town! I love the European style bread, and Whole Foods makes them just so perfect and delicious. I love their "unwheetable wheet bread" is just done right :)A lot of people think that everything is expensive at Whole Foods, but that's not true. Sales items and their own brand basics (can of beans etc) are at good values (and natural and organic and all the things CA people crave).
3	Nice atomosphere, pretty good food and products except for the hamburger from the meat case which is disgustingly fatty crap.  Some of the workers look like sasquatch behind the deli cases, and that could make a person think twice about having them touch your food.  I think they are trying to do the whole, "I'm a neo-hippy, anti-establishment, going green dude, so I don't wash my dreadlocks or anything else on my body for six months at a time, and for deodrant I rub rocks on my pits!" thing.  On the flip side, its fun to cruise the store for free samples and it's nice to have a place to purchase products that don't have lead or mercury in them!
4	A very pretty natural food establishment.  I'm not crazy about the kind of cramped layout, which really is inconvenient, considering how many people are always there.  Still, it's usually a nice experience.They have some of the best produce available in Madison (and also the most expensive).  When I made Beef Wellington one day, they were the only place that had truly gorgeous-looking cuts of Fillet Mignon (again, expensive).  The really nice thing about Whole Foods is the "Whole Foods brand."  This allows you to buy things at a reasonable price.  :)  I also am a big fan of their take-out/deli foods.  Mmmm, good...
4	Wish I had a millions dollars to shop here for EVERYTHING!  Someday I will, until then I will go for the fruits,veggies and overall awesome meat choices!
5	Bonus: They treat their employees well. Good benefits + sustainable living wage = good place to vote with your dollars.
4	This whole foods is pretty good! It is a little small, but there are always a ton of free samples out. I'm always happy when I leave this store! They have a nice selection of beers too. It is terrible getting into the store if you are coming from campus. The U-turns are a nightmare! Whole foods, please use your hippie clout and get a turn lane put in to access the parking lot.
3	I became spoiled after living in Austin- that's where the world headquarters for Whole Foods is located, so you can only imagine how incredible the anchor store is there (think Super WalMart size, but with Whole Foods quality items and dozens of specialty areas including a huge wood fired pizza oven cafe, a BBQ stand, and sushi chefs that constantly prepare fresh sushi throughout the day).So the tiny, cramped, aged, and somewhat dank location on University is a bit of a letdown.However, their customer service still rocks- I ha purchased some New Chapter C Food Complex vitamins the other day, and it wasn't until I got them home, opened them, an took one that I noticed the expiration was just 10 days away.I called New Chapter; they wouldn't exchange them but thought Whole Foods might. So, the next day, I drove back to WF, fully expecting to have to beg and plead my case for an exchange.They didn't even ask a question! The friendly customer service person went and found a replacement, and he removed several bottles that were due to expire soon from the shelf as well.  No paperwork, no forms, no questions - just a straight replacement. Wow!!For the rest of the store:Butcher and seafood selections are overpriced; seafood often smells and tastes a bit old/fishy.  Salad bar is nice, but small. For staple items, they offer a limited, but decent selection.Produce is the strong point: decent selection and quality is always top notch.  Customer service is excellent as well, consistently helpful and friendly across all departments.Oh, and they have Skyr yogurt!Tip: Shop on a Thursday or Friday night; things are fully stocked for the weekend, and the place is virtually empty.
2	After moving here from Los Angeles, I have to say that I was really expecting more from the Whole Foods in Madison, especially in the produce department.  I have been nothing but disappointed with this Whole Foods, but I guess that's why this one is so much cheaper than any other one I've ever been to.  The store is the same size as the one I used to shop at, however, the layout is so terrible that you can hardly push a cart through.  And when it comes to vegan/vegetarian food, there is literally one tiny little cold case.  That's it.  I have been to WF in Los Angeles, Burbank, Sherman Oaks, Chicago, Fairfax, and even in hillbilly Columbia, SC and every single one has at least three cold aisles of vegetarian and vegan foods.  Then, every time I go in, the selection is smaller and smaller, and when I ask about products that have been carried there for months that suddenly disappear, I get looked at like I'm crazy, as if those products never existed in the first place.  Their basics are awful, the deli and food bars are gross and loaded with unnecessary fillers that are usually contradictory to Whole Foods in general, but I suppose when you're the only one in a very large area, you can get away with most anything.  I find more vegan options at Woodmans, suprisingly enough.  Definitely not impressed.
3	I was going to give this WFs a higher mark but after reading some of the reviews I had to admit that I have been to much better organic groceries.  Like the one in Missoula, called Good Food Store,  Great store.Anyway.  We are so happy to have any health conscious grocery in town like WF, Willy Co Op, Trader Joes.   Thank goodness for these.We have always had great produce, seafood, meat and dairy from this Whole Foods.  Sometimes the staff has been very helpful and other times not so much.  Not inexpensive but a nice store.Yes it is crowded.  Down the road we expect they will expand.  After the recession, right?Love the samples available on certain days.  This is very fun and also causes me to spend a lot more.  Thanks Whole Foods.
4	I love this place and all the delicious fresh food, but I can barely afford any of it! I have to keep coming here though, because they stock the most amazing raspberry tart cheese, which I haven't been able to find elsewhere.
3	Outstanding bakery, deli with prepared foods and superb butcher selections with homemade sausage. The produce is also of the highest quality. This is a fun store and a little pricey.
4	My appreciation for the quality of their food continues to grow.   The flavor of the steaks for instance blows other grocers out of the water.   Sure you can pay less for steak elsewhere but you will also pay in flavor and meat quality.  We buy on delicious steak here for 20 dollars instead of buying two mediocre steaks down the road for 24 dollars and have a much better dinning experience.Be cautious on the serve yourself buffet.  I think the price per pound is 6.99 or 7.99  but not sure.  What I find is that a full tray will be about 12.50 and this is way too much for what you get.  Especially for the rice or salad greens.  Think about it... 7.99/lb for rice? Salad greens?  That's crazy.   Great selections and some terrific food but just be careful as you shop.The deli.  We don't care for it.   How do you mess up broccoli salad?  They did, we threw it away.  Some of spinach dishes have been ok.  Way too expensive.The cheese section.  Awesome.   We buy cheese here all the time.Lots of great chocolate bars and other chocolates.  Look for it and buy some.  Yum.The WF 360 brand is usually quite good for every product we have purchased.The meat continues to please.  Always delicious.  Service.   People could be friendlier.  Not sure why this is because we like the vibe of the store but the one on one in the store and at the checkout feels stilted sometimes.  It would be worthwhile for the store to look into this.   At some other groceries we find people are much more relaxed, happy to see you, willing to talk about other things than what you are buying.
4	Okay, so everything is really expensive, sure. The variety of organic/fair trade food is unlike any other place in Madison. And they have a policy to not sell anything with ingredients that are really bad for you i.e. MSG, ammonium chloride, sorbic acid, etc. It's also not as hipstered out like willy.
4	A small store by WFM standards but a decent selection nonetheless.  Meat department and cheese counter are the clear winners, prepared foods good as well.  Produce leaves something to be desired.  The staff is friendly and consists of the typically eclectic Whole Foods bunch.They tried to build a bigger store in 2006 but the economic crisis stopped them.  Hope they resurrect those plans.A little trivia - they only Whole Foods to ever go union, albeit briefly.Also I'm surprised that many people who live in Madison don't know there is a Whole Foods.  My opinion is that Whole Foods and the coop can coexist.
4	Oh, to have an unlimited food budget and endless blocks of time to cook... I've become a fan of the store. I only shop here for special ingredients - yes, it's pricey - but I've always been very happy with my purchases. The bakery is fantastic and I've purchased a few really good items at the meat counter - the specialty burgers are good and there's usually at least one variety on sale on any given week. The deli is stunning - great for anyone that's looking for pre-made dishes. Your tab will add up quickly if you buy a lot, but it's fun to try a small amount of the salad and side items for a treat.
4	This is not the best Whole Foods I've been to but it is the only one in Madison so better one than none! They have a great beer and wine selection and the best part is really the promotion of all of the terrific local products, of which Madison is full, including Madison Sourdough breads. That said, the body care section is lacking brands like Zia that other WFs carry and where is the trial size section? Not sure if you can order a sandwich at this location or not, either. Four thumbs up, though, for the friendly service and the plentiful stock. Oh, and to people who continuously mention high prices...The highest prices I have ever seen in a grocery store anywhere have to be at Metcalfe's!
4	Love the cafeteria for lunch!
2	The staff at this Whole Foods is unprofessional.   And the prepared food is typically awful.
4	A little expensive but well worth the drive coming here. Keep up the good work.
4	Pretty small and jam packed Whole Foods, but it's a Whole Foods and I've missed Whole Foods.   While I typically get irritated shopping here due to the prices there are a few specific things I must get at Whole Foods when I have the opportunity - their feta and pita. From their deli and food bar I must get  their japanese tofu and cucumber sesame noodles.  Also, Crispin cider, which most locations seem to carry. Staff was nice and friendly here.  They did not have burrata cheese, which sucked, but I found it elsewhere in Madison.  All in all, nice little Whole Foods.
5	Great food, great service. Quality is always top notch. What you pay is a little more but it is worth it.
3	This is your typical WF. I was bribed to come here through a Yelp check in offer. Not a great one but when there are a lot of options for grocers in the area it makes a difference. The offer was for a free small tote and they only had a full size. Customer service was nice enough and they allowed me to have it. Their prices on meats are ridiculously higher compared to similar stores. Prices on non organic produce are also higher.WF has a few specialty products that some other stores of the similar line don't carry and that would be the only reason that I would go back.
4	This review is for the best scones I  have had since  I was in London. Whole Foods Cranberry and Walnut with a nice top crust with suger. They have several others to choose from but I allways get the Cranberry.
2	This place used to be great. The hot food was always good and fresh. The cold sandwiches were consistently delicious. Now, it's just a collection of shortcuts. The mac & cheese is watery. The Sonoma chicken salad has the most gigantic pieces of chicken, and the strange watery mayo they use just drips out of the tortilla. Ick. I don't know what happened, but quality control has gone downhill. Not a place I'll frequent anymore. Except maybe for the chocolate chip cookies.
4	Great selection and believe it or not my specific yogurt and kefir is cheaper there than at Walmart! Also love their bakery selection.  Only downside is the tight isles within the store.
4	So cute! Love how the local WF reflect the local flavor of the town and region.Layout: one side "health and health beauty products and foods", other side regular whole foods.Cheese section is making me drooooool (native Wisconsinite wishing to dear God the rest of the country had cheese like this).No hummus? Huh? I could find a store-made BEAN DIP, but isn't hummus a bean dip, essentially? Maybe peeps here don't like it. Probably because its cool and refreshing, and with so many "cool and refreshing" days in Madison (read: butt cold), maybe hummus doesn't, er, cut the cheese.I also get the pico de gallo at every WF I go to. Can we talk, endearingly, about Midwestern BLAND. Got enough ONIONS and TOMATOES in that MILD salsa? There wasn't a jalapeno in sight. Isn't it cute? Yes, but it's also realistic. Wisconsinites don't need to induce sweating through food. Sweating is considered dirty up here. Let's keep it to 70 degrees, you guys.Also, the beer section may kick every other WF ass. (Beer and cheese, they do it right here).
5	Having never been to a Whole Foods before, [I know, I KNOW!] I felt like it was high time to visit the notorious joint.Basically, it's awesome.Produce is pretty stellar, with great selections of everyday items at reasonable prices. I was expecting sky high markups for the organic fruits and veg, but was pleasantly surprised.The staff is incredible, [some packers were helping me find some miso paste, and were the msot friendly guys ever!] and the store smells so good.I want to try some brown rice sushi and the salad bar sometime!!!Parking is a decent sized lot, but people were scrambling to find a space.
4	I haven't been here since they remodeled. My memories are of a smallish store. It's a typical Whole Foods with all the goodies. 'Nuf said.
4	It's a Whole Foods with all the normal goodies, as another review put it. Their sushi is above average for grocery store fare, and their deli is consistently good. They also have a consistently terrifying parking lot, so I don't go often.If you have a Subaru and look lost most of the time, this is probably where you want to do your shopping.
2	This is a review on the prepared foods section. I'm not a big fan. My biggest problem is that when I go there to have a meal at their store, because I want to eat healthy and knowing what the ingredients are important to me to ensure that I am indeed eating a healthy meal and because I do indeed have food allergies - there are no gosh darn trays! Can someone explain to me how I am supposed to carry a plate of food, maybe a small bowl of mixed greens with some toppings, my eating utensils, a drink, a napkin and maybe a desert? Am I supposed to balance this all on my head, or check things out one at a time? Very awkward - and the cherry on top of it all, is the guilt trip they lay on you as you are eating in their fine seating area, where they have all these different receptacle cans for different kinds of waste materials. Eating on the plate they provide is being the "greenest" of them all - and yet it's not encouraged when trays are not provided to help you carry such "green" plates over to your table. And oh yeah, the long hair that was in my food yesterday was quite gross - but I was so hungry and I am without a kitchen at the present moment, that food is food right now to me. What is very confusing, too, is when you check out in line with all your plates, your drink, and pre-boxed desert items (which you really didn't want boxed because you are going to eat it in T-minus 15 minutes but were not given a choice in the matter) carefully arranged in a shopping basket - and then they start bagging things. Hello, cashier and bagger - did you not just see all the plates I am attempting to carry here? Can you not see that I am trying to avoid all the unnecessary packaging, so that I can have less of a guilt trip while I am eating and also feel good that I am doing something good for the environment? Apparently, not. Maybe they need to move the Guilt Trip sign to hang in front of the cashiers, so they can be reminded. Or is this Conscious Capitalism in the works? Hmmm - a thought to ponder. What is "Quench with Respect" supposed to mean, anyways?In addition, they seem to think it is OK to use elastic bands on their food items, such as their rotisserie chicken. That's another big problem when one of the things I am allergic to is rubber. So if you have a rubber allergy - do not eat their rotisserie chicken. And if you like the taste of rubber chickens, by all means, dig in!If you are eating out at Whole Foods, picking a desert - although, they are all really lovely - can be slim pickings. The pre-sliced cakes are refrigerated. Maybe this is great for long-time storage, but for the potential desert eater who wants to eat the cake right away, it's not so great and the full flavor of the cake cannot be enjoyed because the frosting is hard as a rock. Also, refrigerated creme brulee? Not such a great idea, either. They don't seem to really know the ingredients, too, of the items in the desert cases. (This is only a concern if you have food allergies I suppose - but it is a food store and they make the things on site (or do they?) - so shouldn't they know? If anybody has been to Gayle's in Capitola, CA - they have a binder with the ingredients for all their food products. Is it that hard to do?)
4	We have been shopping here for several years. At the stores we frequent in the Raleigh/Cary area we have always been satisfied with our visits. The employees are always helpful.
5	I don't live "close" to a Whole Foods (I'm south side Indy-they are north side Indy), but I go when I need some quinoa or to grab some lunch if I am in the area. I needed some quinoa, was driving by, so I stopped, even though I am not from Madison. With the Yelp check in you get a free small bag. .They were out of the small, so I got the next size up. Yay! I would have even paid the $.20 difference. Yay for good customer service!!!
5	Yeah yeah, this place is pricey, but they have a wide selection of cakes and pies! and they're mouthwatering and so gooooooooodddddd!Come here if you wanna have some good cakes!
4	I love whole foods. And hello, you should totally check in here. I've gotten a LARGE tote bag and a regular tote bag (because the regular one ran out, they were nice enough to give me a LARGE one). HURRAY.Free samples. lalalalala~~ so many cheeses, chips, and crackers, I can fill my tummy here. HAHAHA. not really.And the all rounded deli, ready food. I LOVE the fruit tarts. WOOOHOOOO. 2 for $3.50, the small ones. And the big ones, are so good as birthday cake subtitutes! so good!!I also like the sandwiches! mmmm tasty. haven't tried the rest yet.And they have special events where they showcase some food. Last time in May they had a slow roasted pork and gave free samples to everyone, with coleslaw?They also have the hippy brands which even Willy co-op doesn't have. Like back to nature crackers (YAY) and HUGE bottles of naked or odwalla juices. I LIKE that.A nice, civilized groceries store for people who don't mind to pay a little more
4	I like Whole Foods in general.Unfortunately,  I got food from the hot bar and got sick once.Otherwise, this is a cool store.
4	Great layout.  Easy to find items and great selection!  Love the salad buffet!!
4	You head to Whole Foods when you have disposable income.  It's referred to as "whole paycheck" for a reason, y'all.Sure there are masses of old-money elderly, hipsters and hippies,  but don't make eye contact and you'll be just fine.Their standard grocery is fine except that many of the products can be found at Woodmans for 1/2 the price. Also, their soda brand is Zevia, which is a Stevia-based soda -- it is the most revolting/mediciney/bile-aftertasty soda I've consumed.  The real reason to come is for their deli and bakery (especially).Everything I've had in their deli is delicious.  Of course it'll cost you at least $9/lb.  My "go to" is the Roman Tuna Salad - outrageously good.  Pass on the chicken parm - it's stupidly expensive and only slightly above average.The belle of the frickin' ball is the bakery.  Each item contains choice ingredients, applies the best recipe and is always baked to perfection.  Mind-altering experiences come from eating their fruit tart or cheesecake.  Each are good enough to hug a nearby hipster, hippy and (carefully hug) a wealthy elderly person.  The only item I tried on a lark because I knew wouldn't work in that setting was the creme brulee -- it was very tasty, but the top did not have the satisfying snap/crackle/pop as your spoon dives in.
4	Some common truths:1)  The parking lot will be full of either hybrids or Subarus.  Most will sport a bumpersticker of Hope/Unite/Coexist yet the customers driving these cars really don't embrace these philosophies (as they are some of the most snootiest (is that a word?) in town)2)  Most of the customer's are wearing some sort of patagonia jacket/keen footwear and they all believe in layering.  3)  You will leave the store wondering, "How can this little amount of stuff be sooo expensive?"With that said, I believe Whole Foods has one of the best fish counters in town.  The mongers are well informed and happy to help.  As well, there deli case and prepared foods won't leave you disappointed. I especially love their Israeli couscous with cranberries...seriously addicting.  Cheese selections are pretty on point with a good selection of international cheeses.As long as you come into the store knowing what you want to get (vs. general grocery shopping), you will fare well.  Just remember to leave that Bush/Quayle '88 shirt at home if you don't want to face the stare of death of everyone and their mother while shopping.....
1	Bought local chocolate  Gail Ambrosious chocolate truffles here.  From Gail or Willy St. It's 22.00.  Here?  26.99.  Wow, 25% markup after retail????  Whole paycheck.
4	While I agree with people who call it "Whole Paycheck," and that many of the items are overpriced, WFMM has a wide selection of unusual, organic, non-GMO certified, and special-diet options (vegan in the house, what up). Plus, the Madison store has the SWEETEST classes. Seriously, have you seen them? Cooking classes, beer tastings, henna tattoo workshops... check it (http://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/events?store=6611)Last but not least, bicycle benefits members receive $5 off $30 in groceries. Now THAT'S something I can get behind.
5	Smaller version of a tried and true chain grocery store. Employees have always been super friendly. This store will not disappoint fans of the Whole Food market.
3	My go-to store for a host of specialty items.  Pros: Variety, friendly staff, fresh goods.Cons: It's crowded!!  Parking is getting more and more difficult.  And the store is tight on space.  I've shopped and eaten (deli, hot bar) at Whole Foods in NYC, DC, San Diego and those are all bigger and offer much more variety.  I'm hopeful Madison can catch up one of these days!
3	My go-to store for a host of specialty items.  Pros: Variety, friendly staff, fresh goods.Cons: It's crowded!!  Parking is getting more and more difficult.  And the store is tight on space.  I've shopped and eaten (deli, hot bar) at Whole Foods in NYC, DC, San Diego and those are all bigger and offer much more variety.  I'm hopeful Madison can catch up one of these days!
3	I love whole foods but this location has the basics.  The products and help is the normal 4/5 stars but this is one of the smaller locations I have seen. Their deli still has all the goodies you would expect from whole foods. Still it is better than not having a whole foods at all like most of Wisconsin.
4	Might not be as big as others, but they do alright by me. Their connection to the community and local farmers is extensive given that they're so corporate, and the staff I've encountered has always been friendly and helpful. Their hot bar can't be beat if you need a quick lunch and they have some killer bottles of vino expertly priced. I agree with Bobb S that it has some serious fishy offerings and if you're ok paying a premium for great beef, that stuff rocks too!
4	This is a great Whole Foods.  Especially noteworthy is their large and thoughtful selection of artisanal cheeses from Wisconsin (the chevre is amazing).  Love the baked-in-Madison Potter's crackers.  The salad bar is good but not as well stocked as other Whole Foods.  The bakeshop is good and has items from local bakers. The parking lot is a disaster and a danger to other drivers and pedestrians.
4	Staff is soooooooooooooooo nice.  After transplanting from AZ to WI, my allergies are going haywire.  Went in looking for Manuka Honey which is supposed to alleviate symptoms but was steered towards their extensive bee pollen section instead.  Am truly hopeful this will alleviate things but appreciated the nudge towards alternative products as well.  Plus I really liked that someone was continuously asking if I needed assistance at every turn.
3	I have been a Whole Foods shopper for years, however the Madison Whole Foods is making search for new options. :(  First - it is much too small. Why hasn't WF corporate gotten their act together and bought/built a bigger store in the Madison area??  Madison is full of people who want to eat well - and this tiny store, which has been here forever, is just not cutting it.  Trying to maneuver around the produce section is kind of like playing Pac-Man - you have to keep changing directions until you finally find a way out, because there isn't room for more than a single cart in any of the sections.  Trying to get around with a couple of kids + your cart??  Insanity. Second - because it is tiny, they just don't have any many great options that other Whole Food locations have. I was spoiled by living in IL within a 20 minute drive of 3 different WF stores, all of which were bigger with better selections of both packaged and fresh products. I know I have high standards, but I think the people of Madison deserve a little more!!Finally, the last time I went, I was sorely disappointed in the number of organic produce options, in fact, I think I found a bag of organic apples. That was IT. No organic strawberries, blueberries, or bananas, which should really be a given. While I appreciate the high standards the Whole Foods uses to select its produce providers, I would still rather go to Metcalf's or the Co-op and get the organic variety.  The saving grace of this Whole Foods is its super friendly and helpful employees. Because I am new to the area, I still inevitably get stuck finding at least one thing every time I go.  Each time a personable employee has helped me locate exactly what I was looking for. The check out people and baggers are always incredibly friendly.  I even had the nicest woman EVER help me get my bags into my car one of those crazy -20 days in the middle of winter, in spite of me assuring her I was okay.  The service there is truly wonderful. Sadly, however, I think my time as an exclusive WF shopper are over unless the powers that be decide to find a bigger, better location for the Madison area.
2	Anyone who gives this place more than mediocre review is asleep.  I have been avoiding it for years, having visited several times when it first came here, finding it overpriced and over-hyped.  Nothing has changed.Went there yesterday for two simple items.  Wife went in for a baguette and a pint of blueberries and paid $6.99 for same.  Turned out the twerp at the till charged us double for the blueberries.  Noted that same pint for which he charged us $4.00 cost exactly $4 for two pints at Woodmans, so how he got $4.00 for one pint I don't know.  Oh well, not worth returning for the contest.  Then we planned the baguette as part of our lunch.  It was flat out terrible.  Not only was it not even close to fresh, but it would have been lousy if it had been straight out of the oven, as it had no flavor at all.It appears that these guys can fool at least some of the people some of the time.
4	Nice Whole Foods, friendly staff.  Always stop at WF when traveling for on the road salads.
4	As some reviews pointed out, they are classy and more expensive than your regular grocery stores, but every penny is worth it. A lot of the items they carry are organic produce, and their effort to cooperate with local farmers is unparallelled. They run great specials weekly so keep an eye out for their brochures in store or online, those can help you procure some good stuff at discounted prices. My favorite section is the bakery. Simply love their bread -- baked fresh everyday. I like their huge variety of selection and how they keep the classic breads such as the italian white bread and whole wheat bread daily, and also having a selection of artisan breads that vary from day to day. For those of you not into surprises, don't worry, they have a 'menu' where they clearly state which breads they are baking on which day.Their cakes, macarons and fruit tarts also have me hooked. It is the only place I get my whole cakes from. I like the moist texture of their cakes, and the level of sweetness -- not too sweet, not too bland either. Most of the cakes have fresh fruits and/or fresh cream on them. All these factors make their cakes uniquely right for me. If you are unsure, you can always give their sliced cakes a try first before getting them whole. To be honest this is not the only place where I get my groceries. But once in a while when I am craving that premium ribeye, alaskan king crabs or other delicacies, I tend to splurge that much more =)
3	If Whole Foods was anywhere close to the realm of reasonably priced, they'd be an instant 5 stars in my book. I think the quality of the products they sell is excellent. I also have to eat a gluten-free diet, and they sell lots of tasty gluten-free baked goods of which I partake frequently. However, I could never afford to do my regular grocery shopping at Whole Foods. I know some pretty wealthy people who can't even afford Whole Foods. Why is is so expensive?!Also, why is the parking lot so small?Otherwise, Whole Foods is great.
4	I hate food shopping period. I hate going even more, when you're surrounded by superficial hipsters n vegans (no offense). They have a huge selection of gf foods.
4	As far as whole food is concerned.... psychology they would call this, the approach avoidance conflict. There are so many good things about this Whole Foods, yet the  bad are starting to gain in number. How is it that this store in Madison happens to not have many organic fruits,  A LOT of the time now?  And other stores do? Why have they not moved to a larger location, when obviously they need more room for parking, way more room in the isles and more organic fruits. Why don't they build one on the east side so people don't have to go as far and crowd up the west side store? And parking on certain days, forget it!  We are coming from Lake Mills to shop there. After living in Ca and going to the WF there, this store seems to be the smallest and the least stocked with items and internal restaurants...because of its size!!!  Who owns this place and why don't they move and expand????  I am agreeing with another writer here, it may be time to check out Woodmans, and I am indeed sad to have to say this. Whole Food in Madison, are you listening to your customers?????
5	Love! Love! Love this place!But what's with all the tattoos and facial piercings on the people behind the cash registers? It appears as a requirement, if you want to work there. Not very professional.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this Whole Foods, only because I know how vast and amazing they can be.The highlight of this store (for its size) is definitely the hot food and salad bar, along with their prepared food. Tons of options, always fresh, and not too expensive.One thing that really bugs me is that even thought the store is small, it's difficult to find products (usually the ones that have coupons that week), and even when I ask an associate, it takes us a decent amount of time to find it together.I've heard their breakfast is killer, especially on the weekends, so I'll be making my way back to check that out soon. I also really want to try one of their cooking classes!
2	After shopping on-and-off here for nearly 5-years, it's time for a quick update, and a slight downgrade.- Parking lot. Always cramped, especially when they park a 53' long refrigerated semi trailer or some other type of temporary something-or-another across one entire row of parking stalls. Most recent visit yielded exactly zero open parking spots for the entire lot... granted, it was NYE, but crikey.- Produce quality. Not sure what it is, but the produce has been on a fairly steady decline for a while now. Lots of shriveled peppers and wrinkly tomatoes... anemic asparagus... brownish limes. - Pricing. I grabbed a small package of cremini mushrooms and almost had a heart attack when they rang-up as $4.99 for 8oz. The *exact same brand* can be purchased at Woodman's (yes, organic, and yes - the exact same brand) for $1.99. A single red bell pepper was $4.29 here as well. No thanks.- Cramped aisles. Always hard to navigate through/around; worse when it's busy or when they are restocking things.- Salad bar. I challenge you to find protein on the salad bar. I'm a guy who likes a little chicken or turkey or ham on his salad... I've scoured that thing a dozen times and cannot find any meats anywhere. If I'm missing them, someone tell me.+ Samples. Everyone knows how great the free samples here are.+ Meat department. It's improved! I've been teaching grilling classes for most of the summer, and this is my primary source for those grilling goods. There's an older butcher there who is superb - very helpful and knowledgeable. + Bakery. So good. Lots of sinful treats to choose from - all look and taste delish.+ Staff. Always friendly, always helpful. The biggest reasons for the downgrade? Size, produce, and pricing. My last visit cost $39.73; had I purchased the same stuff from Willy Street or Woodman's, I guarantee it would've been under/around $20. I find myself shopping here less and less often because of this.
