4	I saw this business while riding around on my motorcycle.  It looked really inviting, so I wrote down the cross streets and came back the next day with a guest.  I will start out with the bad - the service was just adequate.  Granted, it is a newly opened business, but we were the only ones and we had to ask for some more salsa and my water never was refilled.  OK, now to the great part - the salsa is among the best I have ever tasted.  It is not too hot, and is a pallet full of delightful spices and flavors.  I had a taco and enchilada plate - some of the best enchilada sauce I have ever tasted - definitely very fresh.  Beans and rice were fabulous as well.  If they don't change the recipes and improve the service, this restaurant is sure to be a hit.
5	I am upping my review to 5 stars.  They have added green enchilada sauce, and their service has improved greatly.  I predict within a few months there will be waiting lines to get into this place as the food is A++++ in taste and homemade fresh goodness.  They now take credit cards, too.  Be sure and check the hours, because they are closed a couple of days during the week.  Plenty of parking, too.
5	Was expecting bad honestly but very satisfied, the chips are delicious and generously refilled. Very homey feeling to the whole and the food was cheap but didn't feel cheap. Only complaint is the rice is a tad bland.
5	Had a wonderful lunch with my daughter at Michaels. Great food and friendly staff, fantastic sevice!!  We will be back!!
5	My wife and I have become regulars, every friday!! Tried almost everything on the menu, love it so far.  Sitting outside is really nice this time of year.  The service is great.
5	Yummy home style food served in a very relaxed setting with warm & caring (not fake) service. Sorry all you chain loving, precooked, processed & canned food lovers this place is not for you. Very kid friendly with room to run & play outside underneath large trees with adjacent green belt next door. Not big or fancy, small menu limited to produce quality food done very well.
2	Took a long time to get our food,we asked for a cheese crisp to be extra crispy, it was not,very bland rice, and not much meat in the green chili, Salsa and chips were good
5	We tried this place because it had all 5 stars,and it did not disappoint.    At first it looks like an old farm house and we liked that about it. It's very small, family owned and operated so there was not a huge staff which I guess would be the only bad part, but we were not in a hurry so we didn't mind. And the food is worth waiting for. Clearly the meat had been cooking all day, it was so tender and delicious.  Everything is homemade. It was just a peaceful and yummy experience.  We plan to make this place a monthly stop. Best Mexican food we have had in the loooong time! Must try!
2	We tried this place in hopes of finding some decent Mexican food in the area. Again disappointed. The service was really poor, not surprising as they only had one waitress to cover the whole place. The cashier could have helped more instead of standing there watching. The place was not that busy yet it took almost an hour to get our food from the time we ordered. It's aggravating to see people come in 20 minutes after you and they finish their meal before you even begin to eat. Very poor organization. The chips and salsa were ok. The rest of the meal was disappointing. Probably won't be back. Trust me on this, I have been eating Mexican food for over 50 years. I would recommend Valle Luna in Chandler.
5	I am still a regular and very happy customer at Michael's.  I stopped in on May 2nd, and they were having a Cinco de Mayo special on their enchilada plate for an awesome low price.  It was delicious.  I hope they start an email list for their weekly specials so I can know what is on sale!
1	Sorry... This restaurant is closed but Dave ' s Original Burgers has taken its place.
