3	Guacamole Bacon Six Dollar burgerThis ranks amongst the few fast food burgers that really satisfies the craving for a big chunk of ground beef with enough stuff on it that it is guaranteed to come apart before you are done and make sure you are wearing some of it too. Price was reasonable at $7.49 for a combo meal.  With fries that comes to 1360 calories, mostly from fat.  And 3000mg of sodium.  I'm going to have to eat a bunch of rabbit food to counter that. :-)This location has been there 4 or 5 years and while I have eaten from there many times it is the first time I have gone over there and eaten in.  The floor paint is the only thing I saw with any real wear to it.  Everything was nice and clean.  The "new" concept of service where you order at the counter and they bring it to your table has been around at Carl's Jr and Whataburger for as long as I remember.  They even came to clear my table just as I put the last bite in my mouth.
2	Had to go get the Grill Cheese Burger after seeing all the commercials and ruining my diet!!!  Darn commercials.  These honestly looks better on TV and I imagined it tasting better.  It was basically I bacon cheese burger with extra cheese.  The cheeses were not thoroughly melted enough for me.  I should have still home with a grill cheese sandwich.  The employees were very very friendly!
1	Worst service ever. They would not let us order a cheese burger because they ran out of buns. They had large buns but could not use them for a cheese burger. We had to negotiate and pay $.79 more for a larger bun ( my 7 year old just wanted a cheese burger). Besides that issue the service was slow we watched to employees talk for several minutes before they acknowledged us, and when we got our burgers we had to remind them that we needed drinks.
2	The burgers are always dry and flavorless. The employees are nice here, but the food just isn't worth the price.
4	Now serving Hardee's breakfast biscuits. Best thing on the menu!
1	SERVICE HORRIBLE at this location. A teenage know it all actually rolled his eyes at me & argued with me in front of a manager - think more like a shift supervisor - who could care less about a complaint. This kid was SO unbelievably rude over the drive thru speaker, that I actually backed my car out of the drive thru, parked & went inside to talk to a manager, or lack thereof. Usually I do not have the energy or time to complain about the bad service of our food industry these days, but this was bad enough I acutally called the corporate office. I will say at least the corporate office seemed interested in my opinion. I would go to another Carl's Jr because corporate seemed to care but definately not to this location on 55th & Northern again...never have I seen someone in a service position be SO rude & irrogant... get a different job - one that doesn't involve people... if you hate your job so bad!
2	So this place has come apart like a $2 watch. Staff is friendly, I will give them that. But the restroom today was FILTHY & DISGUSTING. (see photo) Order was correct, but hash-browns were COLD and I had to take them back and ask for fresh ones. Ugh!
1	I have said it before that Carl's is my favorite fast food burger and the double western is the way to go, but this location was a HUGE FAIL!!! My buddy and I placed our orders, took our numbers and sat down. 20 minutes later there was still no food. Seriously 20 minutes, no exaggeration!!! So I walk up to the counter only to find out that they cleared our order on their screen and forgot all about us. No hey man, sorry about that or we'll get it out ASAP. They just pulled some food off of there heating station and put it on a try. The burger was dry, the onion rings on my burger were hard, and the cheese was old. Not giving up on Carl's but for sure not going back to this one!
