5	How sad it is that I discovered my favourite bar in Canada and it's in another city! We went there two times, and it was simply amazing.It's a small (I could really say cozy) rock pub on Boulevard de Maisonneuve with a tiny entrance and a bold logo leading to the underground. While there are some food options, remember you came here to DRINK. They have beers! They have wine! They have hard liquor! They have HIDROMEL! You can get FIVE SHOOTERS for FIFTEEN DOLLARS!ANY shooters, ok? We met some people there and got two tequilas, a whiskey, a vodka and a Baileys and, yeah, it was 15. And the bartender had one with us. Twice.The staff is simply amazing. All pubs should have bartenders that talk to you when you're sitting on the counter. If I lived in Montreal, this would be my second home.
4	i like the atmosphere there.
4	This bar is still here! Still divey, still half in the basement, still friendly staff, nice whisky and scotch selection, still one of the better no fuss vibes in the area. We accidentally broke a glass and nobody gave us a hard time, and nobody batted an eye when we repeatedly burst into song. Dudes played foosball nearby, wooden benches wrapped the walls. The smell was not ideal, but after a couple cheap shots we forgot to notice it.
3	Nice little pub. Nothing amazing, nothing horrible. I'd come back but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
5	Wow! We stumbled into this place by accident on a trip to Montreal from New York! It's absolutely amazing! Besides the live music, there are the friendliest bartenders and patrons I've seen in years. It's EVERYTHING a (rock) dive bar should be. I loved the creme ale, fell in love with one of the patrons who taught us how to play some card/dice pirate game, loved the atmosphere everybody's-your-friend feel of the place. Forget the Notre Dame cathedral... THIS is the place in Montreal. And oh yeah, don't miss the "special" fixtures in the mensroom.
5	The best place of MontrealIf you want to drink and listen a good music is the good bar
5	I'm alone and I connect to the wifi available and I'm catching up with an influx of emails.  After a short while, the bartender passes me a shot of Jager.  I look up and a patron at the end of the bar yells for me to get off the damn phone and take the fucking shot with him and three others.  Minor Threat blares, drinks are pouring, a heavily intoxicated girl gives me her entire beer, and I learned what "to arm" someone means.  This bar rules.
