5	The deep dish pizza is fantastic.  We also ordered a salad and it was huge and very good.  The owner is excited to get business and very kind.  The prices are comparable and delivery was very fast.  I would recommend giving this place a chance!
5	Amazing! This is my new pizza place! The seafood pizza is fantastic; think better than Pizzeria Uno's seafood pizza. We also had an excellent salad, and their Smore Pizza is decadent! The owner was so nice. Definately give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	Amano's Pizza kicks the ass of Papa Del's. Seriously. The people are much nicer, the pizza tastes better (and is more reasonably priced), and it's less crowded. It's in an icky strip mall in east Urbana, which is the only negative. I'm from the Chicago 'burbs, and Amano's reminds me of home. I have yet to try the pasta, but I will get around to it eventually--right now, I'm stuck on the cheese-and-sausage stuffed pizza.There's no eat-in, and it's completely across town from where I live, so I don't get there as often as I'd like. This may be a good thing, because this is some MONSTER stuffed pizza, and frankly, I don't need all that extra cheese.
5	Deep dish is the best!  Great prices too.  If you have not eaten here yet, go there now!
5	Definitely the best deep dish pizza in town, and right on par with the best of Chicago. They're rocking a great unique flavor, and I'm looking forward to seeing if the thin crust can stand up to the standards of awesomeness set by its thicker brother.The folks running Amano's seem like they really care about their business and their customers. The lady who took my order bantered cheerfully on the phone (Phone banter at a pizza take-out? I do believe that was a new one for me), and when I went to pick up the pizza, I saw a clean openly-visible kitchen in the back staffed by three adults (one of which I'd guess to be at least 70 years old!). Apart from the quality pizza, I sense a lot of genuineness here, and that's a Good Thing.
4	First of all, the good: We ordered a Chicago-style with sausage. The sauce was sublime, herby and savory and well-seasoned; the cheese was fine; and the crust was better than decent.  The two guys working when we came in were extremely nice and seemed to care that we had a good experience.But the bad: The sausage was absolutely vile.  While consuming the pizza fresh, it was possible to pick it off and pretend that it had never existed.  However, an attempt to consume the cold leftovers led to the realization that the cheese had congealed, trapping the sausage and hindering its excavation.  I actually gagged attempting to eat it.  Not good.Overall, I will probably be going back to try the thin crust and other or no toppings on the Chicago-style; however, I will never, ever get their sausage ever again.  I'm no picky eater, and I have no problem putting away the sub-standard processed meat-like substances that most chain places pass off as sausage, so I have no idea what was going on with Amano's.  I strongly advise avoiding the sausage, but not avoiding the restaurant.
4	Bottom Line: Decent Deep Dish at a good price; 3.5 Stars.Pros: Deep dish pizza (14") supreme was large and really well priced.  Sauce, cheese, toppings, were great.Con: It was a good pizza but I didn't really think it was truly deep dish.  I was expecting a thicker pizza.  I'm a huge fan of Giordano's, hence I set the 5 Star standard there.  Being that it's one of the very few deep dish places in Urbana I'd go here again.
5	To add to my previous review, I hesitantly tried the seafood pizza as my first thin-crust experience, and it was about 10 times better than what I expected. Actually, I guess I'm not sure exactly what it was that I expected since I've never had a seafood pizza before, but the important thing is that this was pretty darn amazing. There was just enough crab and shrimp meat, the white sauce was subtle and balanced, and the cheese was plentiful. Five stars for the crust, too.With Amano's being this good and inexpensive, it's beyond me why anyone in this part of town would ever order from the likes of Papa John's.
3	I think Papa Del's Chicago Stuffed style is a little better, but it is also much more expensive. The sauce here is clearly very fresh, or at least uses some fresh ingredients, but it is just not exactly to my liking. It was better after a day in the fridge, for whatever that is worth. The Chicago style stuffed pizza looks just like it should, but the crust is not quite right. I would hope that a stuffed crust would be buttery/crumbly/flaky, almost like the bottom of a pie crust, and Amano's is just doughy. I dont mean to say it is undercooked, just that the dough is heavy. I must admit that after living in Chicago for a couple years and eating the shit out of that town, I have high pizza standards.I will give this place props for friendliness all around, prompt delivery, and great prices. I will try the thin crust next time. 2 stars for the Chicago style stuffed, +1 for the price.
4	All I've had here is the seafood pizza, and it was very good!  Also, the sweet old lady working here just made me want to come back.  She was so friendly, and sincerely seemed to care that we liked the pizza.  Nicely done, Amano's.
5	Best deep dish pizza in town! Seriously you won't find anything better in C-U. Papa Del's does come close tho. This place is truly a hidden gem! We live pretty close to it and we always wondered if it was any good. It's in the middle of a lonely strip mall. Very depressing. So we decided to give it a try one night. We ordered the sausage and green olive stuffed pizza. The staff was very nice and down to earth. The pizza was fabulous! Having grown up in Chicago I have tasted some of the best deep dish pizza ever. When I came to Urbana 3 yrs ago I knew I'd never find anything like it. But Amano's has given me hope. Their pizza is tasty, saucy, fresh, cheesy, and the crust is perfect! I have had many cravings for their pizza ever since. I could almost taste it in my mouth right now!
4	My silliest housemate was driving us around the other night in late evening.  We noticed this place for the first time because the employees were all sitting out front, smoking.  It looked like a scene from the Sopranos.The smell wafting forth was tempting; we mentally filed to try later.  Tonight was later.  We got the hand-tossed crust.  It's not thin or thick.  A nice balance.   Other reviewers have noted the sauce being particularly good and I can't disagree.The pizza was so good and so cheap that after it was quickly devoured we called and ordered another one.  Great value on the prices.  And they delivery was faster than freaky fast!
4	A coworker of mine recommended that I try Amano's a while ago and I finally decided to give it a shot.The first thing to know is that only carry out and delivery are available -- don't try to go in for a sit down meal (inside the building, you'll only find a large kitchen area and a counter). While there are numerous items on their menu, I decided to try their deep dish pizza.  I am not from the Chicago area but I have eaten deep dish pizza from numerous establishments, both in the CU-area and in Chicagoland.  I would have to agree that Amano's pizza is better than Papa Del's and certainly on par with pizza from a "real" Chicago pizzeria.  Additionally, the prices were extremely reasonable.  A medium (12") pizza with 3 toppings was barely over $15 and will provide two meals for my girlfriend and me.As with all deep dish pizzas, expect to wait a bit for your pie to be ready (ours took about 35 minutes).  The only reason I did not give Amano's 5 stars is because the dough in our pizza was not cooked all the way through in some of the thicker areas.  I didn't mind but I would have preferred it to be fully cooked everywhere.
5	The first time I must have gotten an unrepresentatively bad pizza. The 2x times since, I have been very happy. The taste is exactly what I would expect in a Chicago-Style stuffed crust pizza, and so is the texture. While there may be a little variablity in the sauce, the service and value are consistently stellar. They are genuinely friendly here, and I have never seen better prices for the quality delivered. Better than Papa Dell's. I said it.
3	I'm sorry, but this doesn't hold a candle to Papa Del's. Can't understand the reviews that say otherwise. My guess is that people are tired of being mobbed by frat-douches and whoever else at Del's and want an alternative. So did I; this place did not deliver a suitable alternative.I'm also from Chicago and used to Malnati's, Giordano's, Uno's, Geno's East, etc. The sauce here is SO bland. It was like eating crushed tomatoes out of a can. Reading the other reviews, it sounds like the sauce is inconsistent. Maybe if I went back ten times I'd eventually get a great pizza, but I've never had a bad deep dish from Del's. Not once in like 100 times.The guy was friendly, and maybe they're cheaper (I don't really remember stuff like that) but I don't really care. What matters is how the pizza tastes. I can't ever see going to this place while Papa Del's is still in town. The difference in quality is considerable.
4	Really tasty!  I loved the sauce.  We didn't call our order in so we had quite a long wait while it baked but it was worth it.  We learned our lesson, call it in and pick up a great pizza!
1	I don't understand how this place has any good reviews.  I ordered from this place because of the reviews and was extremely disappointed.  The crust was the worst I have ever had from a take out place.  We ordered a regular crust and got what appeared to be an undercooked frozen cardboard tasting worthless pie.  I could not believe it.  The service, price, toppings, cheese,  and sauce were all fine but it doesn't matter if the crust is terrible!!!
4	I really liked their stuffed crust pizza.  The delivery driver was late delivering the pizza because he admitted that he couldn't find my address.  Which is a first.  So I think maybe he isn't familiar with the area.
5	My sister came to town from Phoenix, AZ and wanted a Chicago-style, deep dish pizza experience. I was dubious, Champaign/Urbana is such a small town and I was new to the area, having moved here from Austin, TX. So I looked up pizza places on Yelp and it recommended Amano's. I called, ordered a Chicago-style medium supreme, waited 40 mins and went to pick it up. Amano's is located in a sad little half-abandoned strip mall on Philo road. It has no seating and looks like one of those hole-in-the-wall places you'd find out east. We got our pizza, got in our 1999 Corolla, and headed home, the car filling with that fresh pizza smell. When we got home we put in a movie (No Country for Old Men) and got ourselves one wedge each of pizza.If you're a connoisseur of Chicago-style pizza you'll know that there are those who like their crust well done and those who like it just short of fully done. The pie we had at Amano's was just short of fully crisped (but by no means doughy). I ate two slices and felt satisfied, full even, however I talked myself into a third slice, my sister, a third sliver. We put the 2.8 remaining slices in the fridge and went to bed stuffed, though not in a I'm-so-sick-of-that-now sort of a way. The next day we both wanted more of that pizza for lunch. We put the remainder in the toaster oven for 20 mins at 250 degrees. This is where having the crust just short of fully crisped made all the difference. When we took it out and dug in we were excited to find that it tasted as good as, if not better than, the night before.
5	This is the best chicago style in town.  Much fresher and lighter than papa del's.  Needs a little more cheese possibly, but great fresh ingredients made by a very friendly staff who seems to be mostly family.  We got the windy city special which is a steal for wing/salad, large 1 topping stuffed, a smores pizza(don't diss it until you have had it, the burnt marshmallow and chocolate is amazing!), and 2 20oz drinks all for something like $28!  Awesome! Will be coming back to try some of their unique thin crusts like cajun or buffalo wing.
1	Pretty sure this place is now closed.
