2	Worest frederick's of Hollywood I have ever been in. No selection, and unhappy and unhelpful sales people. The one sales girl was just sitting on the floor behind the register like she didn't even want to be there, the other couldn't help me find what I was looking for. Don't go to this one, use the fashion show or boulavard location!!
5	My shopping experience here was awesome. The salesperson was able to help recommend items and sizes. She deftly (and correctly) laced up the corset I tried on. She knew her products and store and, most importantly, made me feel welcome and comfortable.
5	Get your sexy on
1	I will definitely stick with going to the fashion show. I came here to return a corset that I had bought from fashion show because the boning came out of it after only wearing it once. The lady that worked today was..well lets just say I felt like a complete inconvenience rather than a customer. She was frustrated that I was returning the corset because I didn't buy it at her store originally. I wanted to shop but decided to head to Frederick's fashion show instead!
1	Ok if I could give this place 0 stars, I would. It was that bad!!It's two Saturdays before Xmas and the mall is packed. I was trying to find something at Victoria's Secret to surprise the bf with, but no luck there. Plus the line was crazy long and I didn't feel like waiting. Since I had no luck at VS, maybe I would try Frederick's and have better luck there.Ok, so this location is like the size of my living room. It's so small. Anyway, I walk in on a mission to find some sexy lingerie. The THREE associates were all standing by the cash register. There were no other customers in there except for me. I walk in, they all clearly see me, and not even one greeting from any of them. Not even a "hi." I walked closer to them and even picked up a bright red bra thinking they would finally offer some assistance. Nope!!!! Still nothing. I was a customer willing to drop some money. I work at the mall also, so I know customer service is priority. I did not receive any of that here. I did see a cute bra & panty set, but due to the poor customer service, or lack there of, I did not purchase anything. I walked right back out. Now I see why they don't even come close to VS. I will not be returning to this location!! VS still has my business.
