2	Never had fast food Japanese before. Wasn't sure what to expect. Got the chicken and steak combo with noodles. Also comes with veggies. Was ok. Meat was a little rubbery. Steak was better than the chicken. Not thrilled with it. Prob should have followed my instincts and went to Kyklos Greek Cafe. I know that place is awesome.
5	How does this place have a bad review?! I know a ton of people who loveee it. Don't listen to the others. This place is soooooo delicious. I've been here at least 50 times by now. I love the chicken and stake. I'm drooling thinking about it. I always order half and half on noodles and rice. Yum yum. So good. I always have leftovers cause it's so much and it's pretty cheap. Fantastic place.
5	If you want teriyaki chicken this is the best place in my opinion. I've been to teriyaki boy and teriyaki madness and I didn't think they were that good at all. The only thing is that it's located inside Galleria Mall so it's not exactly a quick pick up if your not already inside the mall.I've only really stuck to the chicken but they do have the option for steak and shrimp also. They give you decent portions but if your thinking about taking some home or sharing there is also an option for double meat for a minimal extra charge. Make sure to ask for extra sauce too.
5	I love this! I like how they grill everything in front of the customer (made to order) what I asked for was not in the menu ( all chicken) since they have it with other meats/shrimp. Anyways I ordered teriyaki chicken with brown rice and noodles. It was good loved how they put lots of veggies in your plate. Here's a picture of what I'm taking about!
4	My daughter and I loved it, they were out of shrimp, so we had the chicken. Everything was fresh, grilled right in front of us, and the service was friendly. I will definitely eat here again, my boys like the food court and now there's something I can enjoy too.
3	I personally love the beef and rice teriyaki plate. I add mushrooms for more intense flavor. I have been to places like teriyaki madness and this place is much better, with fresher ingredients and much better flavor. It is mall food, but much better than the traditional hot dog and chicken nugget fare...
