5	Took my mother on the Canyon Dream Tour yesterday and it was amazing.  Not just the views because that goes without saying, but the crew/staff made it a great experience.  They were extremely friendly, proffesional and humorous!The facility, planes and shops were fresh and well maintainedAll the way to the parking lot they were gracious, and made me feel like they appreciated our business. BRUCE was my shuttle driver, so helpful.My Advice...?The helicopter tour is an absolute must for a thorough experience, definately worth every penny.  My pilot was CORY and he made it very adventurous and cracked me up! Spectacular views I could'nt have fathomed.Definately bring a jacket. Consider the change in elevation. You can leave it on the plane/bus so may as well just in case.Bring a snack(s) because it's a long day!Be on time because they expect you to be there when they call your name (no sign-in sheet)It's not neccessary to buy a water atthe rest stop if your trip inlcudes a boxed lunch (it comes with water) water is $3They offer meatless options on the boxed lunchBring a camera because cell phones just can't  zoom in on all the vastness.Take a picture with the crew!!When you return to the building they'll have both of your pictures there so you can decide which one you like best (they offer the purchase right after helicopter tour)
5	Took the Grand Canyon Explorers tour. Because the 8am tour was fully booked, I ended up on the 2pm tour. Got picked up at my hotel around 12:45. The staff were all very nice and helpful.The pilots called us together a few minutes before 2pm to give us instructions for the flight. Tom and Charlie were very nice, very professional, and very gorgeous. That last part was definitely a nice bonus. The plane has seating that offers views for everyone and after the plane gets higher than 10,000 feet, Tom & Charlie invited us to visit them in their cockpit to take pictures. I was too scared to leave my seat during the trip going to the canyon, but did take advantage of the invitation on the return flight. Absolutely stunning views, especially because it was sunset by the time we headed back to Las Vegas. Tom & Charlie took pictures for me of the views and even took pictures with me. They were great in pointing out landmarks we could see outside of the windows.In Tusayan, we were met by the tour bus operator, Marion. Besides the dry jokes, he was awesome! Gave clear instructions. We spent about an hour at Bright Angel Lodge and about 45 minutes at Mather Point. When you're intent on taking as many pictures of the canyon as I was, that 1 hr 45 min goes by rather quickly especially after stopping to eat some of the boxed lunch that's included in the tour.I would absolutely recommend the 2pm Explorers tour. You'll be able to take pictures pretty close to sunset which makes for awesome photographs. Definitely take a camera. Your cellphone just won't capture the Grand Canyon adequately. Of course, I'm not sure any camera could adequately capture the beauty of the canyon.
4	Of course our Grand Canyon trip was booked during the October 2013 Government shut down. We were not able to go to the South rim as planned, but the airlines were very accommodating and were able to get us on a flight to go to the west rim, When we went the first time we had two younger pilots. They really didn't really get to know us. It was a bumpy ride and it really made myself and the other passengers uneasy, ESPECIALLY when we learned that the mountain range before the grand canyon was impassable. So, we had to turn around. Again, Maverick was great getting us on a flight two days later (glad we planned it during the first part of our trip). This time everything was amazing! We were on a smaller plane (didn't know it was possible after our first one lol) and our pilot was great! He took the time to point out all the landmarks. We did the helicopter tour which was well worth the extra money. After the helicopter tour the rest of our visit was very rushed. We were advised to skip the first observation point with the skywalk so we could relax a little more al the next observation point, where lunch was. We don't regret not doing the sky walk at all! The second observation point was great and I am glad we were able to explore a little and take extra pictures. We will definitely use Maverick if we make it back to try to see the south rim, I hear it is amazing!
5	Best experience ever! Our pilot Jon was amazing. It was very funny and very entertaining. I would recommend this tour to anyone.
