2	I love Sephora and hate to do this however I am finding it difficult to want to rate this any higher when it seems as though this store is always disorganized. This is the closest location to me when I visit Arizona however they seem to never know what is going on or have any of the items other stores carry.I was in last night for the VIB event and inquired on getting my make up done that weekend for a wedding; as opposed to taking the time to just open up their schedule/appointment book I was instructed to call in Friday. Well I called Friday, Friday morning, Friday afternoon and even left a message. No return call made - so I contacted Sephora's main hotline; the customer service rep was able to get in touch with the stores manager and guess what - no early appointments available. I wish I could have been told sooner as opposed to waiting around and now having to find a last minute solution when if I was told this last night, I could have looked elsewhere.Just annoying and why they are getting this review.
5	Sephora does for me what Tiffany does for Holly Golightly.  All the brightly lit walls filled with shiny, black lacquer rows of my favorite beauty products -- makes me feel like nothing bad can happen in a place like this.  Everything you need and everything you didn't know you needed, all in one stop shop. The sales staff here are always very polite and helpful, I've never had a bad experience or felt pressured to buy anything.  One of the great things about shopping here is that Sephora stands behind their products and you can always return what you buy if it doesn't work out for you.
1	This is with a doubt the worst sephora I have ever been to, and i have been to many of them! Upon arrival the store was dirty, disheveled and no employees bothered to greet me, or my sister! We walked in with the intention of purchasing a liquid eyeliner, lip glosses and mascara. We asked two different girls for help. Both times we were ignored. Finally my sister had enough and went directly to an employee and asked for help. The girl rolled her eyes several times and gave as much attitude as she could possibly muster. When my sister complimented her eyeliner she responded with "it's JUST Sephora" in a derogatory manner. Her lack of enthusiasm for JUST Sephora brand make-up has convinced me to never purchase JUST Sephora again. I will continue to purchase MAC and Estee Lauder.Overall the employees are rude, hateful and lack knowledge about make-up products. I will never return to this sorry excuse of a Sephora for as long as I live and I will continue to spread the truth about the b*****$ that work here!I hate to give a negative rating to Sephora but the treatment we received by the employees was outlandish and uncalled for! I guess Sephora doesn't care too much about the economic depression, but we consumers do; and I will continue to take my business to make-up personnel with knowledge, and manners who actually like the company they work for and support their brand.
3	As Sephoras go this one is just okay. I wasn't that impressed and am starting to lose my addiction to this store. Went in looking for me some Nars blush. It's my favorite, it's all I use and it's only the most popular blush Nars makes. But, as usual Sephora is out of it. That's the thing about this place that I just don't get. How can you be out of stock on things you know people love? I have a certain lip gloss I love: out. Favorite moisturizer: out. Please. I think this is an orchestrated effort just to get me in the store because they know I'll buy SOMETHING. Grrrr. The people are friendly, but not overly. I think AZ as a whole is a super friendly place and I love it, but it seems to lack that in the retail sector. Dislike.Anyway, it's the closest one to me so I guess I'll be forced here, but I'm not going to love and adore it like I used to until you give me back my amazing shopping experiences again.
3	Meh. Sometimes I get amazing service, sometimes I'm treated as if I didn't exist. I wish this Sephora was more consistent with their customer service. There's actually a young man (don't know his name) that works in this store that I adore. He's the best of the best, as far as Sephora is concerned. Always willing to help, has great suggestions, and shows me products that are age appropriate. That's about it. I'm usually never offered any type of "customer service" unless he's working. Overall, just sort of Meh.
5	Popped into the fabulous San Tan valley location today, & was definitely made to feel like a rock star! Each & every associate spoke to me at least once, asking if I needed help finding anything or had any questions. They all seemed to genuinely love their jobs, & were happy to be there. One of the lovely ladies had just the most fabulous cat eye liner (she said her secret was Stila), the amazing manager, Mary Kelly, was rocking a fierce red lip, the awesome employee who helped me find a good concealer brush (& explained how to use the darn thing) had absolutely flawless foundation, & the gentleman who checked me out had some amazing ink. Mary was really on top of everything, she helped at least 3-4 people the first 5 minutes I was there, helped me figure out what was up with my mystery concealer I couldn't find, gave me some tips on working with a new concealer I had purchased at a different store,then had an associate meet me in the brush section to discuss the pros and cons of various concealer brushes. Great place to go for makeup!!!
4	Went in to return an item and an employee came over to offer help. I've been to many Sephora's and this was a first. I was nicely greeted, no pressure or over the top fakeness. he was truly helpful. helped me thru perfumes, smelling them, offered to make me a sample and was informative. For any help or assistance I would highly suggest seeing Josh!! he was wonderful!! first time I received samples with my purchase as well!!
5	Dear Jeff, you've converted me. I have been in a makeup rut, and slightly (okay, very) homely looking lately so I went in with the hope of finding a new lip gloss or foundation, just something to make my face worthy of looking at. I was blown away with the service I got tonight. I'm really not one for sales associates in stores, in fact, I usually run in the opposite direction and pray they don't see me. Jeff caught me though and I'm happy he did. He took his time and helped me find what I was looking for, made me feel comfortable telling him how average I was feeling, and made sure I walked out with all the tools and make up I wanted to face the world. He didn't sell me on anything I didn't need, simply made sure I had exactly what I wanted. Sephora is lucky to have him and I will definitely be back there because of him! They use this face scanning machine thing that matched my skin tone to brands that could match my color, then he worked through my skin type and the finish I wanted and price range I wanted to stick to. Jeff tested a few options on my face before I decided on a foundation I liked and then he did my whole face. I got matched with a brand I have been walking by for years. I sure do feel pretty right now. I've never had service at Sephora like this before and was happy I walked into this one tonight.
