4	Great boutique for younger fashions. They also had an excellent selection of accessories including a variety of braclets in the $15 to $20 range. The extremely friendly English speaking saleswoman we met when we visited was great, even recommending restaurants and other attractions in the area. Definitely a cool place to check out and would be an especially great place if you're looking for a gift for a young woman.Check out their Facebook page for great fashions too.
4	I like this store. It has a good range of patterns, solids, great display of jewellery.Still haven't bought anything here, and I do find some of their "simple" items too pricey to whip out my purse for, but the clothing is pretty and simple.It looks a bit like Anthropologie stuff in here.
3	Great clothes, very unique stuff, and excellent for young adults. I didn't buy anything in the end, but I really liked what they had in their store. I was really turned off because of the sales girl, though. She said hello when I came in, but when I left she made me feel like a criminal. I tried on a dress and put it back after. I was almost out the door when she stopped me. She asked me if I put that dress back and she wanted to know where. Her facial expression said it all: she didn't believe me. After I showed her where it was, I said I don't shoplift. She quickly said they've had shoplifters before, which I understand. I think she could've asked me about it in a nicer way. I'm tempted not to come back because I don't want the same to happen again. Keep in mind, it could've just been the sales girl I just happened to have.
3	today was my first time visiting Razberry. I was warmly welcomed by a very sweet selling assistant. She was helpful without being too pushy. I did not feel like I had to buy the things I tried on. Also, I found the clothes were unique, and one of a kind pieces easily to find in this tiny boutique. If your style is more classic, you will probably enjoy another boutique more.  A little bit pricey so I suggest taking advantage of end of season sales. I will definitely come back.
4	I like this place, if I don't buy a few clothing items I get at least a few little accessories. They have a very original selection of goodies (and they have really cute pillows that I never bought because they are kind of overpriced) Anyways, just give it a chance the saleswoman is always very friendly and nice.
