1	Came here for their grand opening last week and to put it nicely, I was disappointed. I arrived at 6:30 and even though the place was busy, I managed to find a table for me and my friends by the entrance. Half an hour later and the waitress STILL hasn't noticed me, so I start texting my friends (who hadn't arrived yet), telling them about the horrible service. It's not as if she's been neglecting the other customers either; twenty minutes after I got into the place, a group of four guys sat down and got served right away. Anyway, sometime later, my friend orders a beer and that too takes a while. We decide to bounce and ask for the check. Again, a long ass wait. My friend turns to me and says, "Now I see what you were bitching about before. The service sucks here." The place gets one star for the grand opening special of $2 draft beer, but other than that, I probably won't go back...
5	The food is amazing!!! Make sure to try the al pastor and enjoy a Mexican coke! This is worth the gas to drive across town for me and the service is amazing!!! I will be back definitely!
5	The food is good and they have awesome deals. I will definitely be coming back. There is a little bar in the back, you can't beat the $ 2 beers. Staff is very friendly and attentive.
5	EVERY time I have come here, the people have been super nice and welcoming. They have offered me samples and told me what everything is and how to eat it the best way. I have been here probably 4 times in a 30 day span and I am never disappointed. I tried a torta for the first time and I came back with friends to have the delicious taste of what makes this place the perfect Mexican late night food stop. Oh, btw they have $1 tacos from 8-10pm and if you check in on FB you can get a free drink on the bar side or the food side. Definitely somewhere to stop by when you're in the mood for some delicious, authentic Mexican food.
5	This place is fantastic. Not only is the food good and authentic, the service and atmosphere is welcoming and friendly. The connected bar is relaxing, has great bartenders, and is priced amazingly compared to other places. Nothing beats tacos and a giant margarita after a long Friday. Especially a giant one. Must go if you're in the area and if visiting you will not regret it. A+ 5 Star place.
4	1st time visit using a Groupon and i must say it was delicious.. I couldnt stop eating till it was all gone. I got the Garnachos Nachos with carne asada and it was the best nachos besides the ones i fix at home. My friend got a torta and couldnt even finish the whole thing, she loved it. We both will be back and i cant wait to try the $1 tacos!! YEP I am a fan.
5	Found out about this place on groupon so we decided to give it a try. Everything is freshly made right in front of you. I had the pollo asado bowl and was able to choose what I want added into it, my husband had the 3 taco combo and chose 3 different meats and completely enjoyed himself. Oh and the best part, a fresh made salsa bar with chips. We will definitely be back!!
5	Super yummy carnitas, extra friendly, fresh and clean.  I got a deal for 20 bucks of food for 10 on Amazon local.  Glad I did will become a regular spot.
5	As a lover of street tacos in LA, it was a treat to discover this addition to the culinary landscape in Vegas!  Our taco assortment had generous portions of fresh ingredients that were delicious.  Service was prompt and the wait staff were courteous and attentive.  Although our trips to Vegas are infrequent, I will definitely visit again.  And I would encourage "locals" to take advantage of a neighborhood restaurant that offers great food at affordable prices in a clean and festive environment.  Good luck to the business and thanks for helping make the trip extra special!
5	Don't be fooled by the casual atmosphere and fair prices, the food here is soooo good! The girl who helped us was really nice and patient, as I probably asked her about everything on the menu before deciding on carne asada tacos. They were really delicious, and I loved the chips and salsa bar. This was some of the best Mexican food that I have ever had, and other places at the same price point do not even compare To Garnachas. I wish that we had one of these where I live, because I would be eating here on a weekly basis if that were the case. Local people are lucky to have a gem like Garnachas. I will make sure to visit every time I'm visiting in Vegas.
5	I can't say enough good things about Garnacha's. I'm used to great Mexican food & have been in Vegas for just about 3 years now. I've been to many places here & have finally found the best in town. Their street tacos are amazing & today I had a carnitas torta (BEST I'VE EVER HAD). They have a fresh salsa & chips bar with at least 5 different home made salsas, they too are extremely tasty. It's hard to pick which one you like better. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is in search of GREAT Mexican food.
4	Was really hungry and their portions were amazing..customer service was excellent...Will go back again.
5	So delicious! I ordered the torta and it was way better than any other torta I had tried. My boyfriend ordered the garnacha fries and he loved them! We will definitely be going back :)
5	Good stuff!  Came here on Sunday at 3:45 pm. It was slow and the service was a little. But everything was delicious. Carne asada fries and a carnita bowl. Great sized beers for the money and a darn good bloody Mary. I would recommend. ;)
