5	My arm and shoulder was hurting real bad on Saturday, I called AZ Mobile Massage and Kristin agreed to come to my home the very next day (Sunday).  OMG! It hurt so good! After an hour massage, I felt so much relief, that I was able to trim all of the bushes in my yard. I have had many massages in the past, but this was the first in my own home and I LIKE It.
5	I had Kristin meet me at my office since my traps always kill me!  She gave a fantastic massage for a great value, $50!  I got to figure with fuel cost this is a huge bargain.  She brings out her table and sets up anywhere you need.  I have to say that she worked on my traps so well the stress stayed away for a while.  I even had her over to massage my wife recently since she is stuck at home with the kiddos and it was nice to have her come by during nap time for my son and gave her a chance to relax.  It was a great gift for my wife.
5	Oh! This feels good!My schedule is FULL and I have family and work that keep it juggled. AZ Mobile Massage is a life send for that. She comes to YOU, sets up the table, ambiance and its in the comforts of YOUR place.Great service!!
5	I had Kristin come in to treat my husband to a massage for his birthday and got a massage as well.  We were both very relaxed and felt great after the stressful week we had.  She came to us on a Saturday, which made it extremely convenient.  My husband even suggested getting chair massages for the staff at work for Christmas!  She is excellent and I highly recommend her!Thanks Kristin!Debby
5	I just realized I haven't done this yet. I have been having Kristin come to my house once a month since last September. One time and I was hooked.This girl is amazing! I have been getting massages on a regular basis for years and I am so thankful I finally found someone who is great at it. She brings a full table, fresh linens and relaxing music. I promise you will not be disappointed with her.... you will however have a new addiction. :)
5	Thank you Kristen for coming out same day and saving me!  I slept wrong on vacation (truth is I did not take my pillow and paid for it) so my neck was killing me and she came out to loosen me up so I can sleep.  She advised me on how to stretch to keep it loose and was great.  She has both a table or chair massage options that she brings in her ride to MY HOME...what else can I say it is a great service.
