4	I have been using TSCU for about 8-years now (and I'm not a teacher). Nice folks, fair deals, and a really nice office right on Mill. They don't have much in the way of online banking yet (bill pay). I much prefer dealing with these guys over the big corporate banks.If you live in Tempe I would sugggest you stop by and see what they have to offer.
1	Beware! This credit union charges a $25 account closing fee!I have accounts with 3 other credit unions and 4 other banks; NONE of them charge an "account closing fee".When I opened an account here, this fee didn't exist. At some point in the last few years, they added the fee and supposedly notified customers in the usual account mailings that I love to ignore. When I closed the account, I was surprised by the fee and complained, but the customer reps just kept saying "you had a chance to close out the account when the policy change was mailed out." Well, I'll instead take this chance to warn my fellow yelpers of this strange fee. And who knows what new strange fees they'll add in the future?I would steer clear of this credit union!
5	So, I've lived in Tempe all my life, needless to say, TSCU has been there for the majority of it. They have only gotten better since my first savings account started there, back when I was a wee lad. I recently had the pleasure of closing a mortgage with this bank to which I can say 'kudos' to TSCU for helping me buy my first residence. They were super helpful and laid everything out for me in easy terms. The situation was pretty atypical though-- After applying for a lender that bank sometimes uses, it dragged on, and I was very nervous I wasn't going to be able to close on the property. The loan officer I was dealing with, actually went all the way up the ladder to see if she could move the process along. Needless to say, the company they normally used, decided to be buttheads and take forever, so she talked the people in charge and was able to get everything financed in house... Booyah. Now I'm happy owner of a nice little condo. This bank is super awesome, they've always been friendly every time I've been in there. As long as you avoid the lunch rush, I've never had to wait more than a minute or two to get to a teller inside. They have 3 drive-thru tellers, so you won't waste any gas sitting and waiting to get helped.
5	Great service and I love to support my local community
5	I been a member of this place since I was a young boy who didn't know the value of a dollar. My parents opened the account for me and put $50 in to start me out. I remember the sheets of paper reams with the perforated sides you have to tear off that they used for receipts. This place was also where I got my first credit card. And first car loan. Then my 2nd. Then it was the first time I paid off the car too. Now they financed my first cab for my taxi business. So yeah lots of fond memories. This branch is very convenient and centrally located in Tempe. The staff here are really friendly, and if you go in a few times they will probably start knowing or name, or least stop asking for your ID for every transaction. TSCU as a whole is a great financial institution. I don't pay checking fees. They have been good about waiving any overdraft fees. They always have great rates. Their website, although not the prettiest gets the job done and I never have any problem doing what I want to do. In fact I love making these sub accounts online to save up for my Suns season tickets or car insurance easily. They have a couple branches in the East Valley and even though I moved to Scottsdale, I still will keep them as my bank. Protip: They are part of the Allpoint network and you can pull money from your account with no fees at tons of places all over the valley and country. I downloaded an Allpoint app to tell me where all those ATMs are at. In addition, they are part of a credit union network so you can deposit money at other credit unions like it was a TSCU and it will go into your account. Take that big banks!!
1	Warning!!  Warning!!  Do NOT use this institution for any of your Home Financing needs.   I will preface this by explaining that I am Real Estate agent and I was representing the seller in this transaction.  The buyers who are customers of TSCU, wanted to use TSCU to finance their home.  BIG MISTAKE!   Even to their own customers they have given all parties involved a horrible experience. I want to talk a little bit about the buyers first.The buyers in this transaction are extremely strong and very low risk.  They are putting down 50% cash and asking TSCU to finance the rest on a Conventional loan.  The buyers waived the appraisal contingency -- meaning that if the house failed to appraise, they would make up the difference with even more out of of pocket cash.The appraisal was never an issue though.  It came back good at the purchase price.  So we all thought we were good.     Now, the loan officer for this. Her name is Tammy Roberts -- make sure never to use her.  Somehow, she missed that this transaction was an investor flip.  She ran it as just a regular sale, but someone in underwriting caught the mistake.  Her negligence in this matter caused a Second appraisal to be ordered, on a conventional loan no less!   which caused us to have the closing date pushed back.  The buyer's incur the cost of this by the way.And ever since then, there has been condition after condition causing us to push back the closing date further and further back.  They have now had the file over 7 weeks.  The seller in this is an investor, and he was relying on the sale of this house so he could continue to work and buy properties.  So everyday this house doesn't close, he is losing money.  To offset that, we granted the closing date to be pushed back, but the buyers would have to pay $50 per day that the house does not close.    To this date, the buyers have racked up an additional $1400.00  in per day fees.  I've certainly learned one thing with all this: Never bring a buyer or allow a seller to accept a contract when the buyer is with TSCU.
