4	Cheep tickets, fun stadium, fantastic bars for after the game too.  The team seems to be either the best or worst of the NL West.  I usually take in 5-10 games a season.
2	They play in a ballpark that looks like a hangar. They have the worst color scheme and logo. Outside of the local area, who is a D'backs fan? Even when they won a pretty exciting World Series, they never sustained that energy.
1	The Diamondbacks are fun to watch.Now, that's a simple sentence yet many teams in Major League Baseball can't say the same.With power throughout their lineup, personified by the strike-me-out-or-I'll-knock-it-out 3B Mark Reynolds, the D-Backs tend to score in chunks. Fun chunks, like chunks of chocolate in ice cream; if baseball were ice cream and the willy-nilly offense of Arizona were chocolate.Sure, their pitching is in semi-shambles (and has been in such a state for a bit now) -- but that's part of the fun. For Arizona to stay in games, those big bats have to keep swinging for the fences.And that's fun to watch.UPDATE: Wait, what's that you say, sportswriter Dave Zirin? "The D-backs organization is a primary funder of the state Republican Party, which has been driving the [anti-immigrant] measure through the legislature." Oh. Well, that changes things. What was once four stars becomes one star. The Diamondbacks organization can go jump off a cliff for all I care.
3	The games are a lot of fun and I really like the stadium.  I can't say that I'm a fan because I'm a fan of another unnamed West Coast team.  I've taken my Son to a few games and we enjoy watching baseball live.  There's nothing like sitting in a ballpark and eating junk food.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1Df5Rln6AhH27G0P1uGGIQ?select=xKGCL4hmRRiVUWTuT8Pl2Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1Df5Rln6AhH27G0P1uGGIQ?select=HsScWMqu1ggU7KN4ieZzJghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1Df5Rln6AhH27G0P1uGGIQ?select=m59Ldfx3vBesansCqSfE9QReturn Factor - 100%
4	Another baseball season has passed for the Dbacks and we were lucky enough to get to a few ballgames this Summer.  Since we moved here in 2011, we look forward to Spring Training and the regular baseball season.  The Dbacks are usually competitive, but not this season.The reason they get a bump up in stars since my last review is because the team is a class act and despite a bad year has the team going in the right direction.  They're also very fan friendly and put on some great game day promotions.  My favorite is bring your dog to the game day....it's fun to watch all of the dogs in the ballpark.The food at Chase field is good too.  Overall, it's an awesome experience for sports fans.Return Factor - 100%
