4	I can't believe the changes they've made in this space!  What was an eyesore is now a treasure for McFarland.  We ate there last Friday night for the first time, and from the moment we stepped in the door we knew it would be a good experience.  Sure, they were crowded and there was a wait for a table, but the host did an awesome job of checking back to let us know when we'd be seated. Once seated, it was several minutes before we were visited by a server, but it was their first big weekend, and I've never been to a brand-new restaurant that didn't have service issues.The family enjoyed the fish fry, I had the baked cod, the Mr. had a turkey BLT.  All of the meals were great- reasonably priced and well-prepared.  Not sure what the secret ingredient is in the coleslaw, but it's super good. We'll be back again, and again!
4	Tried this place based on prior reviews and their presence in Mad City Cocktail book..This is the old Ponderosa. Remodeling that has been done is remarkable! I counted a minimum of 25 HD flat screens..Bar and dining area comfortable and nicely appointed..Good beer selection.Happy hour until 6PM.It was a Thurs evening and place was busy.Server advised that there was all ready a waitng list for Friday fish fry[which includes all you can eat smelt]. Had smoked pastrami rueben which was excellent and comes with tasty fries.Companion had beef brisket sandwich which was good albeit on the "dry" side.Service was very attentive and friendly[Jenny],Definitely will return to what has now become my favorite tavern grill in McFarland.
4	Good food. Drinks are strong. Odd crowd, older, blue-ish collar + Middle-Management? Older. Plenty of space. Bean Bag league, pool tables. Nicely decorated and designed.
2	Busy joint- looks nice, a pile of TV's.    The cheese curds are great, the brisket sandwich was bad- dry, little flavor.  Service was quite poor- our server clearly had more tables than she could handle.  One entree hit the table 15 minutes before everyone else's, we often went to the bar to get drinks.  She was new- some training and a few more servers could make things better.McFarland is hungry for a clean casual dining place- if the 5100 gang can improve service and execute the delicious (looking) menu, they could do well.
4	Looks great, very good service.. and good food.
5	I went as part of a large group and the service was excellent. I grew up in southern Wisconsin, but living out of state, I had to try the walleye - it was excellent! My wife and daughter both had the salmon sandwich, and it was so good it ALMOST made me wish I had ordered it too! My son-in-law was just as pleased with his bacon cheeseburger. This place has 52 widescreen TV's - from any vantage point you can see several (there's even one in the men's room!). If you're in the McFarland area, you HAVE to try this place!
2	Ate here twice for breakfast. Ordered the same thing (Avocado Scramble) each time. The second time, the serving size was half of what I received the first time. The service is inattentive. On the second visit, the server didn't offer cream or sugar for my coffee, and when I requested a refill, she just brought another full mug, so I had one and half mugs of coffee sitting there. Hopefully the service will get better, as it seems like a nice addition to McFarland.
2	This place, which started with so much potential and so much local goodwill, is slowly squandering it. Having been here three times, I've noticed a marked decline in service and attentiveness. The servers seem untrained and just unfamiliar with how friendly, attentive and efficient service should go. While the menu has always been interesting (for a bar/restaurant, anyway), the execution has been very inconsistent. I agree with a previous reviewer about portion sizes...never the same twice. Sometimes quality is excellent, sometimes it's just not very good.I would love this place to be a thriving destination for the whole Madison area, but I fear it'll end up being McFarland Townie Bar #4.
5	The interior is very nice with lots of tvs and sports on.  My mom enjoyed the baked cod and French fries and I was content with a salad with grilled shrimp, avocado, and a lime vinaigrette.  Glad to have a modern restaurant in McFarland!
4	I just realized that I've eaten here at least 16 times...wonder why I'm getting a little chubby? I've got to say that the service, especially at the bar, is awesome. In the interest of fairness, I do notice some differences in food quality of certain items- I think it depends on who's cooking-but they've been really open to constructive feedback, which I do appreciate.
4	Great for drinks, nice spacious atmosphere and very friendly bartenders. The bar food was good a nd a little more creative than your standard pub fare...a good place to hang out
4	Visited here with friends and to try the fish fry; must say, I was impressed!  McFarland knows how to do a good fish fry, what with Toby's just down the road and now 5100.We arrived at 7:30pm on Friday night and discovered a parking lot that was packed.  Once inside, we discovered 5100 has a ton of seating available, so much in fact that we were immediately seated in the small banquet room just behind the bar area.Server arrived quickly and recommended the cheese curds and clam chowder for starters.  We obliged the recommendation and also ordered a round of brews; 5100 has at least 20 different beers on tap.Curds arrived and they were impressive.  Clearly hand-made in-house; they were lightly battered and perfectly fried.  Batter featured a slightly peppery taste which went well with the yellow curds.  They were so good that we ordered a second round.  I'd highly recommend the curds.I'm told the chowder was "excellent" as well, so we were batting .1000 right off the bat.  Our server returned to take our dinner orders.  4 orders of deep fried cod, 1 order of baked cod, and 1 order of chicken fingers.  Here's my only gripe with 5100 - their friday specials are limited to cod (fried or baked) and smelt.  That's it.  No walleye, no lake perch, no bluegill... After a 30-minute wait, our fish arrived and it was superb.  Four nicely sized portions of cod that were perfectly battered.  The batter reminded me a bit of the Vande Kemps batter - nicely browned, perfectly applied, clingy, crunchy, and non-greasy.  It won praise from everyone at the table.  The cod itself was absolutely pristine - perfectly white, super mild flavor, flaky, firm - just the way you'd like to see it.The baked cod was perfectly prepared as well; not dry, not overly buttery.  Fries were excellent - thicker than matchsticks but not as thick as a steak fry.  The chicken tenders were a hit because you could tell they were hand-made in house.  No freezer-bag specials here - just high quality, pure breast meat tenders with that awesome batter applied and fried.After we paid our tab, we adjourned to the large bar area where we enjoyed a final beverage while watching the numerous flat screen televisions, all of which were clear, bright, and perfectly placed.A stellar evening.  I'll definitely be back.5100 = WINFood = 4.5 starsService = 4 starsValue = 4 starsMISC = 4 stars
4	Good food.  Creative entrees.  Smelt was a bit overdone.
1	Was very disappointed in the customer service.  I called several days in advance and made a reservation for 10.  No issues.  When we arrived we came to find out they had booked their main dining room for an event and were only seating in the bar area.  Our "table of 10" was 2 booths with a chair at each end.  I spoke with the manager and said that I felt I should have been told when I made the reservation that they could only accommodate my party by splitting us into 2 booths.  The manager agreed and apologized but offered nothing in return.  What would it have cost them to offer to pay for a round of drinks?  Highly frustrated and disappointed.
2	Went back second time...service so, so.  Order mixed drink tall,  came small... ordered chips with Guacamole...no Guacamole served...ordered plain chicken wings...no favor and not crisp like last time.  Definitely  need to work on consistency and more oversight by mgmt.  Not at the top of my list for a return visit.  One strike and you are out with me.
2	Used to be my go to place with good food and nice selection of tap beers, however service is really bad.  Just very slow and inattentive service has completely turned me off and will not return. What once was a fun place to visit is no longer the case.
2	Waitress are slow, inattentive, and brusque.  Food is weak, at best.
5	The best food, tons of tv's w/personal speakers for your own game, games to win prizes.. fun workers, equally fun fellow customers, cell phone charging stations, purse hooks.. awesome!
4	Went to watch some basketball and eat lunch on Saturday. We've been there a few times now and the good has always been good. Nothing special but always quick, hot and tasty. There are tons of TVs for sports and the service has always been good. It's a nice atmosphere and a good game day choice, especially if you want to watch more than one game at a time. We'll be back
4	I've been back to 5100 at least 5-6 times since the initial review - it remains consistently good.+ Friendly servers+ Nice, open bar area with plenty of seating+ Tons of televisions+ Decent tap selection- No tap menu at tables? Have to look at iPad from server? Hmm.+ Food is consistently good+ The cheese curds are delicious - easily a top-3 contender+ Everything tastes and looks fresh/house made+ Prices are reasonable- Smokers congregate near entry way; wish the biz would encourage them to move to a more secluded area- The parking lot has some *massive* potholes - like **massive**
4	We've been going back to 5100 since the day they opened. Friendly bartenders and waitstaff. The food is always good and it's a great place for watching sports with all the TV's.My one suggestion for improvement would be to not have the smokers hang out by the main entrance. I think there is a smoking room on the backside.Other than that we are loyal patrons and will be back again soon!
2	We came in for lunch. It was not busy but it still took us 40 minutes from the time we walked in to get our food. Which was just eggs and easy stuff that's quick. Then she completely forgot to bring my toast. Because it took so long to get our food we had to rush and couldn't even attempt to enjoy the mediocre food.
2	Went out with friends.  They didn't get my dinner order. .. The ipad didn't work.  My food came when my friends were done eating and the shrimp was spoiled.  Then they up charged hubby for celery to go with wings.  Very unpleasant.
2	Really wanted to like this place, but they're in over their head.   They were clearly understaffed, which always causes slow service and unhappy servers.  We went in looking for a specific game and the hostess indicated they would be able to show it,  but after asking several times and providing the channel info, they never put the game on (the entire reason for going to a sports bar that advertises 50 TVS and 20 feeds).  On the positive side, the beer selection is good and the manager recognized we had been waiting a while and comp'd our first round (we had not complained). They also had two banquet rooms which appeared to be having a good time for their private parties.  Unfortunately they have some work to do on the sports bar side of their business.
1	This is the second time we went for breakfast.  The Bloody Mary bar was geat, the food both times was horrible, cold, nasty, even the toast was bad- how do you even do that?
4	Went back to this place because some friends wanted to go for fish fry.  Got to say--they do a nice fish fry.  The cod was excellent, the hashbrowns were solid, and the roll was your standard hard dinner roll, but it was nice.  The coleslaw was weird, though. It was very sweet; not my favorite sort of slaw.  The price was good, the beer specials were nice, and the waitress was very good.  All in all, I can't complain.I do need to speak about their fried cheese curds, though.  I have no idea what sort of cheese comprised them.  It wasn't a standard cheddar.  They were waxy and weird, sort of like a cross between a processed cheese and cheddar.  They coated them in a thick batter that was overly spicy, probably to compensate for the weird curd taste.  All in all--some of the worst curds I've had around this fair state of ours.  I'd go back for the fish, but skip the curds.
1	I would not recommend anyone to go to this place. The service is poor, the food is bad, and the owner is a complete jerk who doesn't care a thing about his customers.My wife and I went here for New Years Eve dinner. Should have known there would be problems when the place was not busy on such a big night. My wife ordered the $25 steak and shrimp special. The waitress struggled getting the order correct on her iPad. We asked for rolls with our salad and the waitress brought one roll, a little strange but no big deal. My wife's steak and shrimp came and it was clearly pre-made and sitting under a heat lamp. The mashed potatoes were clearly scooped with a ice cream scooper and were cold, the veggies were cold and rubbery, the shrimp had a thick mushy batter even though my wife told the waitress the one thing she didn't want was thick batter.After the disappointing special, my wife called the waitress over and said the dinner was not good and she didn't want it, she hadn't eaten one thing. she then ordered a chicken sandwich instead, the waitress was nice and asked if we wanted to speak to the owner, I normally wouldn't even complain but decided to have the owner stop over so I could nicely explain the experience we had so he could improve future customers experience.The owner came over and I told him about the roll, the bad mashed potatoes, veggies, and shrimp. He paused and unbelievably said you clearly do this a lot, implying that we purposely wanted a free dinner. We were shocked. We have never been treated like this. We no longer felt welcome at this establishment and left as soon as we could get out of there. The owner was standing near the door so I told him how shocked we were and he kept the same attitude and repeated that all we wanted was a free dinner and basically escorted us out the door.Stay far away from this place.
