3	At this point, Crandall's is only a bookmark for me.  However, I did stop by only to discover yet another Middleton restaurant closed on Sunday.  Middleton I love your town, but you're killing me with all the restaurants closed on Sundays and Mondays.  In addition, the first two restaurants I drove to were recently CLOSED for good.  I'm hoping to try Crandall's out sometime, but it will be a challenge since I'm usually in town on Sunday.  Eitherway, I understand the quality of your food is great and your fish fry is the best in the Madison area. The drive thru and patio are also nice features.  We'll have to rely on other Yelpers to offer a more accurate rating.  I gave the A-OK 3 star rating since a rating is required.  Check out my pics.  You can also find a PDF menu on their website.
2	Service is extremely subpar.  They messed up our order and we didn't notice until we got home.  Called to inform them of the mix-up and asked that they have our original order ready in 10 minutes as I drove back.  The woman on the phone didn't apologize and abruptly asked, "Have you eaten the meal?"  No, I just got home.  "You must bring back the meal that was wrong."  Huh?  I'm fine with that, but what will you do with it?  Re-serve it?  Feed animals?  Odd.  Of course my order wasn't ready when I returned.  I turned over the erroneous order.  Then another worker asked how she could help me...I informed her that my order was mixed up.  She said, "Well did you bring back the meal that was given to you?"  Yes, the other server just took it.  It was another 10 minutes before I received the correct order.  No offer of a refund.  No offer of a free piece of cake.  No sincere apology.  Crandall's---your food is good, but your service is simply awful.
5	Wendy C., how can you review a place that you've never been to? I'm sure the Great Barrier Reef is worth a 5 star review, but I can't give it only 3 stars because its inconvenient (or any review for that matter). Anyway...saw Crandalls in Madison Magazine and the photos stood out to me. I didn't want to drive to the East Side for the Esquire Club. I was reluctant to try take out fish fry because I was worried about fried food getting soggy. I gave it a shot and I was impressed! First, the fish to beading ratio was really good. Big thick pieces of flaky fish with a dense, probably corn meal based, and crumb-style breaking (as opposed to the extra greasy tempura- style batter). It was nice and crunchy and the breading stayed that way on my 5-10 minute drive home. Tip: crack the styrofoam container to let the steam out for extra insurance against soggy fish. Served with a lemon. The fries were coated in something that made them extra crispy and they had a good seasoning. The slaw had good flavor but lots of dressing. Purists might say it was over dressed; others might say its just right. Tarter sauce was a little sweet and tangy, which was good contrast with the fish. The server gladly gave me extra. The bun was just as you would expect from a supper club, cheap, white, and doughy. Served with a butter chip. Everything was served together in a box; everything you need except several icy cold beers.The service was fine. The take out window was nice. It takes a few minutes for the order but I think they fry-to-order which is well worth it to me and a big plus. Any you cut it, it takes less time than waiting in line for dine in Friday Fish Fry.A little spendy for take out fish fry ringing up at over $25 for two dinners. That would be more than fair if I could park my fat ass there all night and eat all-you-can-eat. It's worth it though and I'll be back.
5	The fish fry is awesome.  Loved it long time.  The red potatoes with cheese are delish.It's carry out but that is fine.Take it out, pop in a movie and have a brandy old fashion.The latinos working their are hot too.
5	Crandalls has moved to state street, and is now serving authentic Peruvian food! We went there for dinner tonight, and it was fabulous. I highly recommend the cheese empanadas, solterito (fava bean and corn salad), and the chaufa de quinoa (like fried rice but with quinoa)! They make chicha morada, which is a drink made from purple corn, and is super refreshing.Crandalls is owned by a very sweet family from Peru, and I'm so happy to see that they are now showcasing their roots with their new restaurant!!They do still have their famous fish fry, and it looked like the lunch menu has cheese curds and sandwiches as well as ceviche.
