3	Spicy and Extra CrispyLooking for Cajun style fried chicken.  Staff are friendly.  I had to wait extra long for my order one time, but manager apologized and gave extra chicken pieces and biscuits.  Opt for the extra crispy and spicy chicken.
1	When I was a kid, my dad used to fry bologna for dinner. I hated it. It was so greasy, it left a film in my mouth...as if my tongue was coated with some sort of lard.Well if you like this sort of thing, I highly recommend going to Church's. I ate there last week. Afterward, one of the women in my office asked if I lost a bet.When I pressed, asking why she'd say something like that,  she responded; "I noticed you had lip gloss on."
4	The only things I have tried here are the chicken strips and the okra. Chicken was good. Okra is better at Cracker Barrel.
2	The chicken is good, the strips are nice and fresh, but the mac & cheese is just awful.  They started offering a "baked" mac&cheese, but it's really just the same crap with a little shredded cheese put in.  They make you ask for tea that if only available behind the counter.  That's not a big deal if it's not busy.  When it is busy, expect to wait and it feels like your bothering them.  I tried the new fish filets as well and lets just say you might want to pass.  This place isn't the cleanest place in the world but the standard chicken is good and not as greasy as say KFC.  The people there have always been very nice and helpful.*Update* 06-04-2013 :  The so called Texas Chicken was nothing like the advertisement and was just a non-breaded fried half chicken dusted with spices. It was so dry and was something I would never want to get again.  The ads looked so good too.
4	You truly can never go wrong with Church's Fried Chicken.  Is it healthy? Nope, but man, is it good.  Their flavor for the chicken is just so consistent every time and so tasty.  Their mashed potatoes are also great along with the fried okra.  The corn has always been bad every time we buy it...it always looks so good, but every time, it's bland and soggy.  There is a girl that works there that is quite obnoxious.  She's loud, talks to herself, and talks randomly to people with the strangest remarks.  Though she's happy...you can clearly tell her co-workers can't stand her.  Poor girl.  Anyway, for the few times we get CFC, it beats out any other fried chicken place such as KFC or Popeye's.
1	25 years ago I tried Churches, and didn't like it then. Tried it Friday, yuk, same fatty-greasy-over cooked chicken . Other yelpers right, mac & cheese is play-dough like in nature.  Mashed potatoes & gravy in one container?? Your mom didn't serve it that way, so where'd you learn it? The only thing good was the corn on the cob! Tender juicy-excellent!  KFC May be out of your neighborhood & a little bit more $$, but it's worth the drive.
4	If you know of a place with fried chicken that's not greasy but full of flavor, please let me know. I mean, if you are looking for healthy, you don't start looking at something that starts with the word "FRIED". I found this chicken tasty, but not dripping with fat. Better than KFC by far.
1	This location sucks. They messed up my order twice in one night and didn't even offer to compensate me. Never going back.
