4	I must preface this by first saying that I am not Hawaaiian. That aside, I do like food.The teriyaki sauce in this place is to die for. Their teriyaki cheeseburger is one of my favorite burgers in town (even above In and Out). It's not too big, but it has tons of delicious flavor. And because it's the size of a burger that you'd probably make at home, you don't feel disgusting after eating it.Their macaroni salad (not vegetarian safe) is creamy and very good. It has a small amount of tuna(I think) in it - and while that may sound gross, it's actually quite awesome. Just trust me.Their short ribs are kind of fatty and I didn't like them very much, but everything else I have tried (including the gravy) is yummy.
4	Small little place in a strip mall with good food and friendly service.  The teri beef is tender and has a good flavor evident from true a true overnight marinade.  Most places will not properly marinate resulting in more or a bland flavor.The Saimin noodles is probably the best in the valley at a Hawaiian joint.  Flavorful soup base and tender ramen noodles.I fancy the B-1 mixed plate - hamburger steak/teri beef/curry
4	Don't be alarmed; whoever entered $$$ for Aloha mistyped.  This is a casual, order-at-the-counter place with a good take-out business and 8 tables for eat-in.  Prices are very reasonable, with most entrees averaging around $6-$7.  It's clean and nicely decorated, with bright yellow paint and a giant Hawaiian shirt on the wall.  The menu offers a wide variety of Hawaiian specialties like kalua pork, katsu and other curry, a few shrimp dishes, saimin and fried saimin noodles, etc.  My personal favorite, and the one I ordered while there,  is loco moco: hamburg patties topped with a rich, brown gravy and fried egg over white rice.  Macaroni salad on the side.  It was delish, just like in Hawaii.  Best of all, many entrees come in a mini version, less food and less cost. Hawaiian food can be kinda heavy, so the mini option should be much appreciated.
4	I wanted something different, something I'm used to from home.  First thing that popped in my head was eating at a Hawaiian place, but I didn't feel like driving down Rainbow to get it.  i was on my way to get my husband for lunch when I saw this place in the same strip mall near an Albertsons.  I figured, "why not?" and went inside.It's fairly small so there isn't much seating, but from the looks of things people order take out A LOT.  That's a good sign.  I checked out their menu, and it's nice and simple.  It's the same menu I've seen at several Hawaiian bbq restaurants around town, so I went for the usual chicken katsu with steamed rice and my husband ordered fried shrimp and their seafood platter.  Despite having several dozen options for Hawaiian bbq around town, this one is now on my list of favorites.  Their fried foods are awesome and not greasy like some places, and their batter has great flavor.  I love panko breaded anything, and their katsu and fried seafood is all panko.  I loved that their katsu sauce, whether it's from a bottle or not, is sweeter than the other places, but still has that nice tangy finish with a bit of heat.  We tried their kalua pig and other things on the menu a few days after and it was all good, even when doing take out.  Their mac salad is good, too, and different because they add tuna in theirs.  They are known for their oxtail soup, which I will try eventually.  Overall, it's a great stop for some good Hawaiian fast food.  I actually prefer them over the other places around the northwest area.  Clean, friendly. and fast.  They may not have the dessert menu that some other Hawaiian bbq places have, but do you really go there for the cake and ice cream?  No. You go there for a simple, fast meal that's good, and they do it well.Stop by and try out their food.  Some people may argue that it's like the other Hawaiian bbq places because of the menu, but this place tastes better, cleaner, and less greasy.  That, and their employees give great service.Give this place a try if you live in the area.  I know the location looks fishy because of the stores next to it and it's in this tiny strip mall building, but it is good.  I even questioned myself because I tend to stay away from places like that...at least, I used to.  I've learned that these places, despite location, can fork out some of the best food you will eat in Vegas, so give it a try.  Aloha!
4	Great portions at a great price with fast and friendly service! I stopped by here on a Saturday afternoon to try their fare. I must say that the BBQ mix plate is enough to feed 2 or more people! The meat was all very flavorful and crisp on the outside while still juicy on the inside. The rice was cooked to perfection and the macaroni salad was a nice complement to the meat. I will be back fo sho!
4	I went here because I was craving for some oxtail soup and since none of the other places were open and didn't want to wait until 11Pm to go to the Cali hotel, I decided to try this place. It wasn't too far away from home. When my bf and I walked in we were greeted by a lady, she was very friendly. The oxtail soup was pretty good, not too salty, and was  missing a little bit of flavor. Once you add the ginger in it makes it just right. I would come back here again since it's the only decent Hawaiian food in the Northwest side of town.
4	I find most Hawaiian plate places are pretty much the same, but on occasion a certain place might surprise me on the little differences that can set them apart even though they're serving the same usual menu. We grabbed a Combo Plate C-3 which is BBQ chicken, fried shrimp and mahi-mahi ($8.20) and a mini chicken katsu ($4.95). They give you the option of steamed rice or fried rice. Now normally I stir away at Chinese places that have lunch specials with fried rice since i usually gets the Panda Express treatment- just taste like soy and oil and not much else. I figured I never had fried rice at a Hawaiian place so we ordered one entree with the fried rice and one with steamed (just in case). BBQ chicken was nice in flavors and  give the teriyaki sauce a try with it. Normally I skip the sauce since most places it's this thick sticky cloyingly sweet salty thing. Theirs is light, kinda with a garlicky taste and you can taste some ginger in there. A little bit complimented the meat instead of overpowering.Fried shrimp- standard, but good. Batter is light with some panko and you can see the fryer oil is clean since the batter taste how it should. Mahi- not in the panko batter, but this was decent. My problem is some places give a super thin piece that it's eating batter with a side of fish. Also many places it's fishy and it's something to skip. It wasn't bad here. Katsu was great. Light batter and panko since a lot of places overdo the batter and use it to mask the not so quality, fatty chicken. White meat, clean batter good sweet, but a bit worstershire-sque sauce. Fried rice was pretty good! It had a sweet shoyu taste and just simple with egg so it's not overly flavored, but just enough. It's also not greasy either. It's the little details that count and what makes this a better plate option over some of the competitors close by.
4	This is my favorite Hawaiian place. I love the selection of food and I love the food as well. The service is always quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. They have a large variety of dishes that are cooked just right and at very good prices. My favorite dish here is the fried Scallops. It's something I don't see at a lot of Hawaiian food locations. Nice Panko breaded Scallops that are not overcooked. Writing about it makes me hungry. The Fried Rice is really good too. They exercise a good amount of restraint when it comes to seasoning which makes for a nice Fried Rice. I decided to grab some Shrimp Fried Rice and I got a Shrimp in every scoop of Fried Rice which makes me smile. The Oxtail Soup will put you to sleep faster than a Thanksgiving Turkey dinner. Salivate and snore lol. I like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ chicken as well. They are not boring pieces of chicken flavored cardboard like some of the other places, these are nice and flavorful. Even the side dishes are good here. The Mac Salad goes good with anything. The Portion sizes for all the dishes are just right. There are regular sizes and small sizes so you can't go wrong.
4	Great Hawaiian/Local Food.  The Sweet Sour Spareribs is one of my favorites!
3	I was getting my car serviced and decided to eat here. I ordered the spam fried saimin and mini kalua pork. They give good volume for the price and I was happy with that. It doesn't seem too busy though. When I went there was no one there and the cooks was just sitting down on one of the tables.
4	I have been to probably four or five hawaiian bbq places in my 29 years of life including this bad boy. I must say that, from my experiences, Aloha Hawaiian BBQ is atop the list. Before I begin, I want to start off by saying I wouldn't take my opinion on hawaiian food as seriously as the big, tattooed guy with black beads around his neck that lives down the block. I know good food and I know good prices. Aloha has both.Today I purchased the 'Bar-B-Que Mixed' that was only 8 bucks. This meal consisted of fried rice, macaroni salad, BBQ short rib, BBQ chicken, and BBQ beef. The portions were fair for the price of admission and all of the meats had a distinct sweet / teriyaki flavor. If you are anything like me, teriyaki = mouth orgasm. From what their website says, the chicken, kalbi, and beef are marinaded in teriyaki before going on the grill. If you can complain about that, you will NEVER be a friend of mine.Since I ordered my meal over the phone to go, I can't comment on the cleanliness of the restaurant or the service inside in detail. From what I saw, however, the restaurant was clean and the man who helped me was friendly and knew the menu. In the end, Aloha Hawaiian BBQ will be my place to go in Las Vegas for Hawaiian BBQ. The only reason I gave the place a 4 out of 5 is due to the fact that there can always be room for improvement (especially in price) and the meat was, in fact, a little bit thin and gummy (but I still assure you ; tasty).  If you are in Las Vegas and want to escape to Hawaii for the duration of a meal, Aloha Hawaiian BBQ might just be your place.
3	When I really think about it..I realize how many ways can you make spam musubi? its relatively simple, but although its simple, to me its addicting i don't know, i think i just have this craze for SPAM!!..anyways..i've tasted it at many places, when i ate here, it was good, nothing spectacular but good...what I was really amazed was with the Oxtail Soup. It was real good. This little place served really good oxtail, almost as good as the one at the California Hotel, You know the one they serve for 7.95$ but only as a graveyard special. Yeah that good, except this one was 1$ dollar more, but available all day. So I tip my hat to them for making good oxtail soup..but i give it 3 stars b/c I haven't tried anything else lol
4	Great place for local people. Not a destination by any means but it does served up so great food. I got the mini curry katsu. It was crispy and soft with enough curry just penetrating the exterior to soften it up a bit and really give it life. It comes with a very generous portion of rice and the always present macaroni salad. My girlfriend got the Chicken BBQ mahi mahi and shrimp combo. Lets say she could not finish it. A taste sensation? Sure if but to my honest opinion it's like the Hawaiian Soul food to be honest. Stick to your ribs food in it's pan fried, deep fried and BBQ-ed glory. Our tab ? under $20... You'll never spend more than $10 per person coming here.There are usually two people manning the station up at the register. They are nice enough. The humongous 6 person T shirt adorns there walls. And Let's face it if you end up here ambiance wasn't what you were looking for in the first place. So stop by and get some Hawaiian classics. You might see me there for sure.
5	Best Chicken Katsu in Las Vegas!!! To die for. Almost everything they have is great. Love the mac salad.
2	I've had better Yelpers. This place wasn't bad, but I won't be back. I was looking for that taste. You know what I'm talking about.
5	best Hawaiian food in vegas, it's that simple.
2	I don't get it. I really don't ....Big portions don't mean it's good food. But, my family, who lives there in Las Vegas tends to think so. I guess if you pour enough shoyu or chili pepper water on something, you can't taste how bland something is. And that's what I thought about the food my family picked up for a small gathering at my mom's house. Chicken katsu, fried noodles and teriyaki. Lots of food - gotta give them that. But it stops there. Katsu was not crispy on the outside or moist on the inside. Damp is the word that comes to mind. Teriyaki was overdone. Looked ok at first glance but at first bite, overcooked. Fried noodles was ok. Frying noodles is hard to mess up, like cooking rice. For my taste though, the noodles could have used a little more salt and or shoyu. To each their own - some may like it because they don't know any better. Others may like it because it's all they can get now. Me, I don't and won't settle because I can and will just fly home if I want to have authentic, Hawaiian BBQ.
5	Pork cutlet is bomb!  My other choice is BBQ mic plate!  And gotta have my Thai iced tea!
2	Got the short ribs.  All fat!  Very disappointing.  BBQ Chicken also very fatty.macaroni salad has very little flavor.  Don't trust the multi star reviews.  This place is a bummer.
4	We come here about once a month.Better than other Hawaiian BBQ places, almost compares with L&L. We always order the saimin! It's delicious and they serve generously. The dumpling one has shrimp in it too. We have no complaints, good for a cheap dinner or lunch :)
4	I love the Mac salad, and good fried rice, people are cool there
2	Well, this place was disappointing to say the least. I had the loco moco and my lady had the seafood mix plate. I am from the big island and I have "my" restaurants I go too for that local food itch. I decided to take a gamble when I was in the area and man was I upset. as far as the seafood mix plate goes the scallops were ok. as for my loco moco, it was kinda lame. if you can't make a simple hawaiian dish then there is no reason to try anything else. the loco moco had frozen patties, ill give them some credit as they tried to season the patties with salt and pepper. the gravy was on the bland side and the mac salad had a flavor that was not a familiar taste. The fact that frozen patties, bland gravy, and mac salad thats not up to par is what they serve is enough for me to stay away. hint there is was better restaurants in the area for the same price.
3	Prices reasonable and quick service.  I had samin, which was really tasty and received a good portion. I would have preferred it served in a bowl to enjoy at the location than a deep styrofoam cup.  And Hawaiian music would have been nice to hear in the background.
1	It's absolutely crazy to me that you have to argue with them to get the amount of sauce that you need for a to go order, yet when you dine in, its unlimited. Makes no sense what so ever and I will not return, I'd rather make the drive to the next closest place and go somewhere that appreciates my business.
5	I love aloha BBQ! They have the best service and the food is AMAZING! The mahi mahi and fried shrimp are the Best I've tasted! They are so friendly in there and the restaurant is always clean and nice. GO HERE YOULL LOVE IT!
3	I ordered the b1 combo. It's was ono. There teriyaki beef is cherry. Recommended place to grind.
4	Had the hawaiin bbq chicken and beef short ribs with fried mahi and shrimp. Everything was satisfactory, fried Mahi was delicious. Second time here,  Would return and recommend.
3	I am always on the lookout for good Hawaiian food closer to home than what I currently am aware of.  Aloha Hawaiian BBQ I have found to be the closest.  It is pretty much like most all the other Hwaiian restaurants out here.  In fact, they all start looking alike after so long.  And the food is all about the same.  On this visit I ordered a Katsu 1/2 plate (one scoop of rice vs two).  It came with the katsu, rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.  You know, the classics.  I also got another clcassic in Spam Musubi.  That is kind of my basic judge of a Hawaiian Restaurant.  I did not have to wait too long to receive my food.  Just long enough to witness the interaction between the cashier and the next party of customers.  All of them were of Asian background.  Their speaking to each other sounded almost angry at times.  As if they were yelling at each other.  I think I even heard them arguing on price.  Maybe it is a cultural thing.  I don't know.  It was kind of entertaining regardless.  Any how, I got my food to go and took it home to eat in peace.  At leastsome of the food made it home.  I took a big risk in trying to eat the musubi on the road.  I did OK.  The nori was tender enough that it was not a chore to bite through.  This helped to hold in the Spam where in some cases it slides right out the other side on bite one.  What bothered me just enough to reall is the sauce on this musubi.  I am used to a more teriyaki style sauce.  This was more like a hoisin with a mildly spicy kick.  It was not necessarily bad just not what I had expected.  As for the katsu plate when I got home, it was hit and miss.  The katsu and sauce were on point.  The rice was as good as sticky white rice can be.  The macaroni salad was not great.  Half of it was burried beneath the rice and getting warm.  It was a little gross.  The final impression was that the chicken was not on a bed of shredded cabbage like at L&L but rather on a bed of shredded lettuce that wilts whe in contact with hot fried chicken.  Not the most appetizing of garnishes.Aloha Hawaiian BBQ is not going to be my number one go-to but for a quick go-to close to home, it does the trick.
4	Really good food! My friend love her teriyaki chicken said you can even taste a hint of ginger. The catsu chicken was also amazing. Would have gotten 5 stars of my tai tea was actually cold when it was served and the floor was swept Better. I'll be back for sure
4	Decided to give this place another try more recently. Is have to say that it's definitely improved. Food is good. Not bad prices. Only issue it's still the sauces, off you want extra on the side, they charge. But if they put it on the food, they don't charge.
5	We took our three kids on a road trip during summer. It was difficult to find a restaurant that provides good food, good service with reasonable price. This was the only restaurant that satisfied our taste bud but didn't cost us a fortune. You can see the price from the menu that other people posted here. The restaurant was not fancy, but clean and comfortable. We ordered the Teriyaki Chicken, Hawaiian BBQ Chicken, BBQ Short Ribs and few other items. I definitely agree with other reviewers that the sauce was delicious, and the portion was good too. During the time we were eating there, we saw quite a few group of people came in to pickup their to-go orders. If this restaurant was near our home, I might have ditched my kitchen already.  :)
5	This place is a good restaurant, i agree. i go there during lunch when im around the area and it always hits the spot, good job.
