4	Update: I imagine this is subject to change but I went through the whole store and noted what brand names they have. Everything else is store-brand/generic. Brand names:Crest toothpasteSweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce Miracle WhipCombosTwizzlers, Werthers, Haribo gummies, Snickers, Kit Kats, Hershey's, Reese's, M&M'sPringlesBiscoff cookies and spreadNutter ButtersWelch's juicesGatoradeHawaiian PunchArizona green teaTop ramenBounty paper towelsM&M ice cream conesSo, for the uninitiated, ALDI is a grocery store from an alternate universe. Almost every product is a comically similar knock-off of it's brand-name counterpart. Of course, this is why it's a discount grocery store and why it's so cheap. Quality-wise, it's not going to blow you away, but value-wise it's not a bad place to go for basic groceries. And by basic I mean basic; think hot dogs, mayonnaise, tortilla chips. You're not going to find sundried tomatoes or fancy cheese here.The verdict is still out on the produce, but for canned, boxed, pre-made items (think hot dog buns or cereal) it's hard to beat. Spaghetti sauce? $1.19. Box of granola bars? $1.89. Peanut butter? $1.99. Just as long as you manage your expectations before your first experience, you'll be fine. I'm not quite sure how Shadyside got to be the grocery-store mecca that it is. Within a 1-mile radius you have two Giant Eagles, Trader Joes, Whole Foods, the grocery section at Target, and now ALDI. As far as ALDIs go this one is fine, although it of course benefits from being brand new. So far it's clean, well-lit, and well-organized. A few practical notes: there's free parking in the building (enter on Roup St), if you want shopping bags you'll have to pay for them so bring your own, and shopping carts seem to require a quarter (which is returned to you later). Parking is tricky; make sure you go into the correct entrance, and when you get in, expect to wait to park because the onramp is single-lane only. They alternate who goes up and down the ramp.
4	I visited the first day as well as another time after. The store is well lit and the aisles are wide meaning they put into thought the hundreds of college students nearby. The selection was well stocked both times and the staff was helpful when I could not find something. There is also a parking garage and security. One star off because there are times you may need to head over to GE for hard-to-find items, but if you shop mostly at Aldi, you're already ahead of your budget and the quality is very similar. Don't forget your quarter to rent your cart as well as your heavy duty grocery bags :) I love the entire Aldi experience and the savings! :)
4	I'm all for Aldi's no matter where the location may be, but I'm super excited that they finally are breaking into the city limits with this store as well as the one on the SouthSide.  This isn't really a typical Aldi when you come to merchandise and set up.The merchandise is actually a little bit better.  There appears to be more national brands here than at most other locations.  I'm thinking it has something to do with nearby competition.  Which is great, why buy the store brand when you can get the national brand for cheap?  Also the layout of the store is a bit more flowing than most.  Doesn't matter which way you enter the store; whether it be at the main entrance by the sidewalks or if you take the elevator from the parking garage.  The store just flows and makes it easy to pick up the items you want.Reminders: $.25 to use a cart, so take a quarter with you.  Take a reusable bag, if not you will need to buy a bag at the store or take a box off the shelf.  And last but not least, you have to bag your own groceries.The whole reason I cannot give this place five stars is because of parking.  I'm starting to believe that in order for you to have any type of establishment in Shadyside you have to have a horribly set up parking system.  Yes, it is great that there is parking indoors, but you have to wait for the gate to rise if a car is exiting.  And it's a narrow one lane up to the parking decks.  What's worse, they may think you do not know how to read signs as they have parking attendants to tell you to wait, redundant is what it is.
5	Everyone knows I love Aldi, and have been anticipating the opening of the Baum Blvd. Aldi for over a year.I have to admit the parking situation is a bit scary, but once you get over the initial shock of cars going up and down sharing the same ramp, you'll be fine.  Parking in that area of town is a must, so I can deal with the slightly-scary parking garage.  It is well-monitored by staff.You don't have to take a cart from the garage if you don't want to; there are carts available at the front of the store (Baum Blvd. entrance).  This Aldi is laid out like the rest of them; however, if you're coming off the elevator or steps from the parking garage, walk past the registers to start at the "beginning" of the store.  Or you can start at the "end" and be a rebel.  Aldi has a much easier interior to navigate than it's more expensive counter-part one block away.  Having that counter-part close is a bonus, though, b/c try as I might, I just can't get everything I need at Aldi.  I usually spend the same amount at both places, and get twice as many goodies at Aldi!Remember that Aldi doesn't take credit cards, it's cash, EBT, or debit cards, only.
3	I have to commend the planners of this Aldi for re-purposing an old structure; a very uncommon practice for a chain store. The design efficiently uses the space, with self-contained parking, even. I kind-of like the one-car-at-a-time thing on the ramp (that some are complaining about) because with the lights and the automatic gates you don't have to worry about the blind corners, confusing layouts and jams that are sometimes problematic in parking garages. Plus, since there are staff members monitoring parking, it feels safe and orderly. As with all Aldi stores (and most all European markets, in general), you need to be prepared to be somewhat conscientious and conserving of resources, BYOB! The fact that stores like Giant Eagle give away paper and plastic like candy is indicative of how far behind, how selfish, lazy and wasteful we can be, and how the corporate systems often promote these habits. Don't even get me started on how we use bags instead of bins to recycle in Pgh...But at Aldi, you can't get away with bag entitlement, you just have to fucking buy into the responsibility of carrying your groceries. Yeah!The fact that they don't take credit cards really threw me off, but the cashier was extremely nice, patient and apologetic in the face of my confusion. The only problem is that Aldi carries mostly processed/preserved/conventional/substandard foods which are not what I consume.
3	Almost everything here is an off brand, but the prices are really reasonable.  Your choices are extremely limited, but you can get many of the basics here.  The store is rather clean and neat and arranged well.  Looks like I can save some money here, so I will be back again.
1	I have been wanting to go to Aldi for some time. So much hype over this little store. So many excited people talking. So much propaganda concerning pricing. My first, and only trip, was rather anticlimactic. The first thing I noticed was that this market carried larger sizes of everything versus the smaller sizes I purchase, example: only gallons of milk or large bunches of bananas that cannot be broken up. The second thing I noticed was that nothing really appeared fresh. Fresh food was very much an afterthought in the marketing plan of this store and I purchase mainly fresh food.The third thing I noticed was the preponderance of food that Aldi did carry: prepackaged, caffeinated, and sugary foods. It would appear to me that Aldi was created to sell grocery items to poorer families that are addicted to caffeine and sugar while maximizing their profit with the remaining boxed items at the expense of those families. My disdain for packaged foods, caffeine and sugar is obvious in this review and there is really no reason for me to return to Aldi.
2	Aldi's seems to have changed its operation since my childhood in Indiana. Back in the day Aldi was a small store with only 2 employees (deliberately) working in the store. One ran the register while the other stocked the floor and the line was always suuuuuuuuuper long.Anyhow I noticed newish Aldi's when I moved to Pittsburgh and people's excitement about this store that I remembered as not being  so awesome as a kid.  The stores are larger and a few more employees actually work there, but its nothing to write home about. The produce  was bruised and unremarkable... The oranges that I bought molded within a week and I could not find staples like rice, dry beans or plain pasta. There was however organic milk and a few other nice products. And just as one other reviewer mentioned there is a lot of processed sugar crap here. Fake juices, soda, cereal, snacks. It felt like the grocery store was missing its groceries a little. As for me and my money I will continue to go to other BYOBs like Good Cents and Bottom Dollar.
4	The store is clean, well-light, and features the usual Aldi fare: lots of pre-packaged food from Aldi's "house brands." Produce selection is limited, though I've been generally satisfied with the quality for the price. If you just want the basics: apples, bananas, lettuce, onions, potatoes, carrots, etc., Aldi has you covered. They have a limited selection of meats, though I've been somewhat disappointed in the quality of those. No fresh seafood at all. Most of the Aldi house brands are good enough, and some are exceptional. (The Aldi canned pumpkin beats Libby's by a mile!) The store seems to be minimally staffed, so waiting to check-out can sometimes take 5-15 minutes.I don't rely on Aldi exclusively for my grocery needs, but for basic items, it's a nice low-cost supplement to Giant Eagle, Costco, and the others.
4	The store is very clean and easy to park your car. They offer organics products at the reasonable price. I also like their Chinese stir veggie.
5	This is a 5 star Supermarket for me, I love the same standard way of organizing products in each store in every country! Products are fresh and organic but waaaaay cheaper than other supermarkets in Pennsylvania. I love European food products and high quality at the lowest prices. They have the tastiest German and Belgian chocolates, great dairy products. I fill up my cart but it's still lower than $40 :) I'm in love with this store and it makes me feel like I'm living in Berlin because it is the exact same one that I used to go in there in exact same order of the store isles :) I will always be loyal client of Aldi and I wish they had a location in Los Angeles California where I moved recently!
4	The new ALDI on Baum was pretty much a revelation for me once I moved back into the country. I was in Panama for over a year until this fall, and I use to do all of my shopping at the Giant Eagle- which is always a mad house!- and I noticed that the ALDI had just opened a block down. I knew the limitations of ALDI before I went in- the selection isn't particularly great, produce isn't great, they don't take credit cards, no bags for the groceries, etc. and maybe this is why I was able to really appreciate it for what it is. For me, being a poor graduate student in the East End, this place is perfect for all of my needs. I'm not a huge cook or food connoisseur, so I understand why others have been a little more on the harsh side to ALDI- but I love it. The people in the parking deck guiding you to your spot are smiling and always nice, people are always willing to give me one of their quarters for the cart when I forget it :), and nobody can beat their prices. I stock up on hummus, as it's only 1.99 per container (compared to almost 4 bucks at Giant Eagle)- and it's really good! So, as I'm not particularly picky about what I put into my shopping cart, I found all the mainstays and items that I need.  Furthermore, the people working there are always more than friendly and quick ringing you up (a perk of not bagging). I will continue to shop there while a smile on my face.
4	Love this place. It's clean, well-lit, and the staff are remarkably friendly. Parking is a LITTLE bit of a pain, if I have to have one complaint about the place (it's a 3 level garage that's a little tough to navigate and there is a one-lane ramp that requires you to sometimes wait a few minutes), but this is pretty much the only place I'll go to for groceries now unless I need something specific from the produce, frozen, or spice aisle.You may still need to go to another grocery store if you need an exotic spice or a "non-staple" item of produce or frozen food, but Aldi is inexpensive, friendly, and perfect for all your grocery staples.
4	If you're comparing this place to Market District you need to get your priorities in order. Aldi is owned by the same company as Trader Joe's, and we get a LOT of basic food items here. Think sugar, flour, baking supplies, milk, OJ, greek yogurt, chips, bread,  hummus, and produce. What we can't get here (like mayo, for example, blegh) we get at Giant Eagle. And yes, sometimes the produce is crappy. You need to carefully evaluate everything before you put it in your cart. Know how to tell what's fresh and what you shouldn't bother with. But that goes for all stores that sell produce. They sell things here consistently cheaper and I love giving less of my money to Giant Eagle.
4	I really like this place. Sure you wont be finding all of your favorite name brands, but you will definitely get a deal with their seasonal produce. You can do most of your grocery shopping if you are not a big label whore. I tend to go to giant eagle for Mt Dew and muscle milk. But other than that this place is great. I recommend coming in during the weekday because weekends are a zoo here. Also bring your own bags and a quarter for your cart!
3	ALDI is good for when you've got a lot of empty space in your pantry/freezer, but no at lot of cash in your wallet.You would be amazed at the amount of stuff you can get for $20.  I purchase mostly dry goods here, like pastas or cereal.  The produce and fridge items look good but I'm freaked out by a $3 block of cheese.I dont think you could do all of your grocery shopping here, but you can save a lot of money by supplementing your Giant Eagle trips to Aldi.The frozen pizzas are good for a late night post pub snack.Oh, and they dont bag your groceries for you and you need to bring your own bags, and its .25 to use a cart.  Just be warned!
