2	I've had their breakfast burrito and didn't think it wasall that great.  It was like too much of nothing special.  If you're looking for just a big-o breakfast burrito to fill you up though, it will not disappoint!I wasn't impressed with the lunch selection either except for the nachos.  I could feel my arteries clogging just smelling it and there's definitely enough for two or more there!!  If I'm ever up for it again, that's probably what I'd order - their nachos.  Everything else was meh.
3	Being a fan of 'berto's, I was delighted to see this place under construction just 2 miles from my home. Now that it's been open for several months, I've given them time to sort out their growing pains.Initially, service was unbelievably slow, especially in the drive-thru. More than once I sat for 15 minutes (and sitting in an open car in the middle of Buckeye is no treat for the olfactorily sensitive, let me tell you), even when I was the only customer and just ordering an Arizona burrito and horchata. It's gotten somewhat better since then, but still tends to be slower than other drive-thrus. Counter service is a bit less slow.The food quality itself is, unsurprisingly, on par with other 'berto's. Dinner combos are freakin' huge and the Mexican drinks (horchata, tamarindo, and jamaica) are delicious.This location has locally-made chocolate and caramel flan. I absolutely do NOT recommend it; the chocolate texture is just weird and has a strange, almost pine-ish undertaste.I stop in once a week or so, usually on my way home after a very long day at work when I'm too tired to think about cooking dinner. Otherwise, I generally don't bother.
2	Being a little skeptical as to if this would be any good, on the recomandation of friends figured I would give it a try bad location due to the aroma from the cows across the field not horrible but since it's a chain not an independant personally did not find to be great but edible
4	A lot cleaner than other Filiberto's I've been to. The people were really nice and friendly here and got my food out quick... what else do you want? I love coming here for lunch when I'm in the area.
2	Although we have been in the Phoenix and surrounding areas several times we had not tried a Filiberto's before tonight. On a whim and since there is not much choice in Buckeye we decided to give it a try. First if this is cleaner than other Filiberto's, YIKES. This place was not clean. I ordered #5 combo and it was a lot of food. 2 cheese enchiladas, beans & rice. The only thing hot was the beans. The red chili had a rather strong vinegar taste but after a few bites I got used to it, it was not horrible but not spicy either. My husband had the Green Chili Burrito, which was very hot (temp not chili) and he enjoyed the flavor but it was much more tomatillo than green chili, we are from NM and we know green chili. The burrito was huge and had lots of very tender chucks of pork that had been simmered in the sauce. We also ordered chips & salsa, we got a mound of chips with what we would call pico de gallo all over the top, mostly just onions and cilantro with a few sad looking pieces of tomato thrown in, but very wet and it sogged up the chips really quickly. We love good Mexican food and won't be going back even though it is convenient it just wasn't very good.
4	We usually stop here on our way to Cali! All three of us always order breakfast burritos and a order of taquitos. Wife get a country breakfast burrito with beans and pico. I always get a steak and egg burrito, wish the quality of the steak is better and less greasy. Daughter also gets a country burrito. Now of course that's a lot of food already, but we always add a order of taquitos no matter how early it is. This will continue to be our breakfast stop when we travel out west.
4	Started going here when it first opened up.  There are not many places we can go out here in Grand ole Buckeye.  We've had some good and some not so good experiances.  But if you want a lot of food at a good price..Why not.  We usually always get the Chimichunga for my husband and toquito's which my husband scarfs down. Although I was disappointed to see about a year ago that they don't use home made guac anymore. Looks and tastes like store bought :( I have had a variety of foods and they have all been good. Love the chips..but not the salsa as they only have PicoDeGallo or a really runny what looks like sauce not Salsa.  But in all..We will continue to eat here when were hungry.
5	It's all good, every time. Try the Carne Asada fries. It is a box stuffed with generous amonts of tasty steak, crispy fries, sour cream, and covered in shredded cheese. Get the guacomole on the side, they give you a bucket haha. How can you go wrong? Well maybe by ordering lengua or cabeza. ;)
1	My husband and I have eaten at several Filibertos around the valley. We love Filibertos. This is the ONLY Filibertos that we get sick at every time we eat there! Someone needs to get a health inspector to investigate this restaurant. If you eat there, eat at your own risk because you will be sick all night and feel it the next day like a hangover. To clarify, we're referring to the Filibertos in Buckeye on Miller Rd.
1	I ate here twice, chicken tacos with rice and beans. Tasted really good. The second visit, within one hour of eating the food, I had a terrible case of food poisoning. I won't go into the details but after voiding what I had eaten there, I felt weak but better. Now I can't pass that place without remembering how sick I had gotten. Never again.
2	Just went here 2 weeks ago and it was awesome taco Tuesdays.  However sometime in the last 2 weeks they've changed their taco shells.  Seriously the Taco's shrunk by about 1/4th.... Sad..Guess I'll have to start enjoying Taco Tuesday somewhere else...
1	Want food poisoning several times over? Then this is the place to gamble! With the last few times my family and I have been here over this past year, we've won the sickness almost every time.When this location first started, it was great. I've been a fan of Filibertos for years, and when this opened, I was grateful. But recently, things have gone awry and we no longer go here because of the horrible problems we receive after we've eaten. Along with that, they've also gotten our orders wrong a few times. We once received a lengua (cow tongue) taco instead of our ordered beef taco. I'm disappointed in this establishment.
1	Disgusting. Can't even make a beef taco properly. Tortilla is all soggy and the taco is dripping in oil. I can literally squeeze the oil out of the tacos.
1	So sad...this place keeps getting worst every time.  All the food is saggy and over flowing with grease. And if you complain they give you an attitude. Over and over I keep getting my orders wrong and by the time I get home with the food I am just too disappointed to go back.  Called a couple of times and they don't care.  Yes I keep going back because it's the only Mexican food place in buckeye open 24 hrs...but I won't be back.Can't wait for the one in Watson Rd. To open. Federico's let's see how your food is...
3	Food  is really good but they are stingy with their sauces the staff is a little on the rude side
3	The food is ok here but it has to be the slowest filiberto  I've been to. The service is only so so
