1	I had to take my Mazda to this dealer after it broke down and my mechanic couldn't access the car's computer.That evening they called and told me about $800 worth of repairs I needed to have done.I surprised them by having my mechanic call to ask the details about the repairs.  It turns out none of these things were guaranteed to fix the car.The car had started working on its own, so I decided to pick it up and just pay the diagnostic fee.  I paid over the phone and they told me I could come by 9pm that night to pick it up--the service guys would still be there.I got there at 8:30 and no one was there.I'm sure others have had much worse experiences at car places than this.  But anyway, there was really nothing positive about this place at all.  Except there were free donuts in the office.
4	I want to give a "shout out" to Jesse McMahan, the General Manager at Chapman Mazda, 1234 W. Bell Road in Phoenix, AZ. Recently, we attended a run to his establishment with our club, the Old Pueblo Miata Club out of Tucson, AZ. For a nominal fee, one could enter their cherished chariot in the car show, and/or purchase raffle tickets for the grand prize. ALL proceeds from either of these choices went to the Japan Relief Fund. This event wasn't necessarily about selling cars, but rather the generating of funds to help out the folks in Japan beleaguered by the horrendous actions of a still very -active planet. It was the first of its kind for Chapman; a gathering of many Miata enthusiasts: (cue the "Zoom-Zoom" song here) for clubs, individuals and owners of these wonderful machines. My husband was holding the winning ticket for a COMPLETE set of Mazda tires. He almost fell over when his number was called, and asked the emcee to repeat it again, as he couldn't believe his good fortune. We were absolutely thrilled to win those beautiful tires. We've never won anything like that ever before. What really impressed us was the fact that Mr. Mc Mahan arranged to have the tires sent to us. His original estimate was: "Within a week's time." While this would have been great as it stood, Jesse called the following Monday morning to tell us there was a vehicle coming to Tucson from Chapman in Phoenix that very same day, and that they'd put the tires in that vehicle for the trip. All I had to do was to pick them up from the Jim Click Mazda at 6244 East 22nd Street here in Tucson. When I called, Tony, the manager at the Tucson location verified the tires had safely arrived and to come get them. Jesse McMahan's generous gesture was above and beyond. To tell you that impressed us both even more, is an understatement. When I come across a company and/or person that delivers outstanding service, and does indeed go 'above and beyond' like Chapman Mazda did, they make my day. Here is a company that I would be more than happy to do business with. On Jesse's business card, it reads: "Not your Cookie Cutter Dealer." And the top line of that card reads: "If you're into cookie cutters, throw this away. If you're into the driver's alternative, contact Jesse McMahan. " We will, Jesse. We will.
5	I bought my wife's 2011 Mazda3 S from Chapman Mazda.  Not a lot to say other than it was about as easy as buying a car could be.  The car had previous hail damage, but I couldn't find any evidence of this at all and I'm pretty picky.  After going over the car and driving it, I knew it was what we were looking for.  I'm a "car guy" and have had many.  I have to get mentally prepared for the song and dance routine that's required for buying a car.  It tends to put me in a bad mood right off the bat.  Fortunately, none of this was needed.  I was a little baffled as the first price presented to me seemed too good.  I assumed that was before tax, tag, and title. No!  It was the out the door price (?).  I knew right then I'd be buying the car.  Not sure how dealers are reimbursed for hail damaged cars, but it must be generous! Of course I still had to see if I could save a bit more!  While the price of the new car was low, the value they put on my wife's old Mazda3 seemed a bit low, too.  They budged a bit, but not much from there.  Even with the value of the trade being a little low, I still felt like we got a great deal on the car.The last step, the dreaded trip to the finance office, is always tough.  I feel like I have to be on guard at this step of buying a car as the guy behind the desk makes his living selling people things they don't always need.  When I walked in, I told the finance guy I don't buy warranties, etc, and please just let me write my check and be on my way.  He was friendly, and low pressure.  He mentioned there was an aftermarket alarm on the car that I could have removed or buy.  I declined.  He also took 30 seconds to mentioned the aftermarket warranty, but I think he knew where I stood on this. He printed out the papers, said, "Sign here" about 47 times then I was on my way.  No pressure at all to buy anything! Cool!After this, the woman who handled the sale gave me a quick tour of the car's features.  At this point I was pretty tired and just wanted to go home, but getting instructions on setting up the Bluetooth phone was definitely helpful.In summary, I was very happy with my experience at Champan.  Everyone I dealt with was friendly.  There was no pressure at all.  Above all, I was thrilled with the price I paid for the vehicle.  Frankly, I can put up with dealer BS for a super deal, but at Chapman there was not BS at all AND the price was great too.PS - I bought the car in the evening.  When I got home I found there was a snag in one of the seats.  Grrr.  The next morning, I called the manager, Henry, who said he'd figure out a way to get it taken care of.  I live on the south end of Phoenix and had driven to Bell Rd. to buy this car.  I was really bummed about having to take the car up, wait on it, then drive back south.  I couldn't believe it when Henry offered to pick up the car from our home, leave a loaner, then return the car when it was fixed!  Holy cow!  I know Chapman can't do this sort of thing all the time, but I thought it was a remarkable display of customer service.
1	Wow...after thinking about buying a car from Chapman I was surprised to find that the sales and service were very poor. I am a younger gal and maybe they profiled me as one who has poor credit or doesn't know what she's doing, but that's not the case. I went in with a hefty down payment and a credit score at 779...they first tried to get me at a 9% interest rate and had my payments at almost $250 a month! Well, after declining the offer and leaving a message on the sales manager's phone early afternoon I had a phone call from the sales manager at 9:30pm acting like he never got my message. Then I had another text message at 11:30pm at night...it gets better...wait. The message states that they could get my payment down to almost $160! Wow! My problem...why was my time wasted and why would they want to jack me around like this? I felt this experience was one of the poorest I have ever had with buying a vehicle. To top it all off, I put a $500 deposit to hold the car while I slept on it and a week later, the credit still hasn't been filed. Very, very disappointed with the experience and I would never advise to buy from this dealership. What did I end up doing? Buying a Toyota Highlander from Audi of Scottsdale. They are top-notch and right off the bat were able to do exactly what I wanted in 45 minutes. Moral of the story go with your gut and go to Audi of Scottsdale.
5	Chapman Mazda always provides exceptional customer service. They have always gone above and beyond to make sure that I am 100% satisfied with their service. Thank you Josh, Pete and Ivan for all you do!
5	I drive 45 minutes to use Chapman to service my Mazda, even though there's another dealership closer to me, just down the road on Camelback. After multiple encounters with horrid customer service at Camelback Mazda, I decided to try Chapman--and I was happy from the start. Pete Pabst, the service advisor I have worked with, is great. He made sure that my first repair would be covered by our warranty before they started working on our car, which I really appreciated. I was wary of him trying to up-sell me when he let me know what other repairs our car needed, but he put no sales-type pressure on at all. He made a list of the repairs in order of importance and gave me pricing. When I told him I wasn't too car savvy and needed to go home and talk to my husband, he didn't judge or try to take advantage. The rest of the staff seems just as friendly and helpful. When we got our tires replaced, they explained all of the different options, what they would do, how much they were. In the end, the ones that they recommended the most were actually some of the least expensive tires offered.Honest and good service...just wish it was closer to home!
1	Was going to buy a car with The "Chapman Discount". NO!!!Was looking at car listed on the internet at 20,825.00. Seemed like a good deal, add in 0.0% apr (which i qualified for). Great deal. When we went to do the "actual" deal, the price now was 23,515.00. Take off the 2000.00 factory incentives. WAIT - where is the Chapman price???Add the Negative equity in my 2011 Toyota Camry, Ok, (not looking so good, but workable).Now came the fees, they came so fast i could not write them all down.      146.32     662.45     210.30     389.00   2110.00 (yes it is 2110.00 for a title)     350.00 (for plates)My head is spinning, fees at 3868.07??????I came here two years ago and bought my wife's car. Great experience. Pete in the service department, best I have ever seen. The service department as a whole is the Great, we drive in from Verrado out in Buckeye just to have our car serviced here.What happened? Sales is just awful, run from here as fast as you can. Do not waste your time, there are so many others dealers in the valley! Run! I am running as fast as I can! I do not like to be talked down to or treated as they did me some kind of favor. Their insistent repeating of the same words and double speak does not change that they are overcharging on the deal. Listen, just saying it over and over does not make it true. As far as the 0.0% apr it became 2.9% not for 60 but 72 months.Chapman Mazda we deserve better! You Should Be Ashamed
1	This has been and continues to be the WORST choice of car companies and financing companies I have EVER heard of.  I'm going to keep this short and somewhat rant free because if I don't I'll be writing a novel instead of a review.First issue:  The worlds most condescending finance manager.  I have never, in all my years, been spoken to with such utter disrespect.  I barely said a word throughout the process and yet I was spoken to as though I couldn't even get the name portion correct on an IQ test.  They acted as though I could not comprehend simple words and phrases despite my prompt and polite responses.  By the time I was done with this prick (overweight, 50's, mustache, shit eating grin) I came close to just tearing up the contract and punching him in the face.  Why on god's green earth you'd want to treat a paying customer like that I have no idea, and I really don't care - there is NO excuse for it.  I cannot believe this person hasn't been fired yet, as I assume he speaks to other customers in this same manner, not to mention subordinates, colleagues, co-workers, etc.  If you're upper management and you're reading this, don't take my word for it, listen in on the next few people who come in and see the kind of customer service your customers are getting.Second issue:  Everything about the process was dishonest, from the sham "High Tech" warranty that covers exactly nothing, to the internet discount, the fees, the quality and stability of the car (I've had to take it in to an actually REPUTABLE auto shop 3 times for various issues), to the finance company that puts so many road blocks in your way for issues you have that you will NEVER get your issues resolved.  EVER.Bottom line - NEVER purchase or finance a car from these people, they will absolutely screw you over and will not even attempt to fix it.  These people need to be investigated for FRAUD.
1	I wouldn't even give the Bell Road Mazda Service Dep't ONE star, except thats the only choice I have. I thought I was in good hands, because my mom had been working with Pete since he was at Hyundai when she owned a vehicle with them, and now serviced her Mazda at this dealership where he worked. Well, I took the vehicle in for the oil change in September, to be told the motor mount is cracked BUT covered under warranty. They did not have the part in at that time, but Pete assured me it was covered under warranty and to let him know when I have the time to bring the car back in. No big deal, until I drive away and realize the tech BROKE the Left/Right toggle switch to adjust the side mirrors, and shoved the driver side vent adjuster clean into the dash somehow. I called Pete right away and came back. He peeked his head inside the car and I showed him the issues, and he felt the mirror switch was broken, then manually adjusted the passenger mirror for me so I could drive safely. I did not have another hour & 1/2 to wait for them to fix this, so Pete assured me they would take care of it at my next visit. Here it is December, I have a little time to bring it in, and Pete no longer works there. I explained in detail to John Friedman what happened, thinking the issue would be easily resolved as Pete said. John reached out to Pete, who remembers my mom, remembers me, my last visit with the car, but conveniently DOES NOT remember the switch being broken, the vent adjuster, OR manually adjusting my mirror for me, and did NOT note my account regarding the part # of the cracked motor mount OR TAT IT WAS CRACKED! So basically, I am being called a liar about their tech breaking the switch, AND the motor mount can't be called in until they have the car there, to see which part it is. So there's a good chance I will have to sit there only to be told they don't have the part. And now, I will have to pay for the part their tech broke and who knows about the warranty covering the motor mount since the mileage is drastically different by thousands. THUMBS DOWN. Do NOT expect to be taken care of if they do something wrong. As adults, most of us learn to take responsibility for what we do wrong, and to do a good job at whatever we do-like noting someone's account properly... but not The Chapman Mazda Service Dep't. Now I will be taking my vehicle to the Camelback location from now until I sell the Mazda and wash my hands with the company. Wish me luck... The is why I drive a Volkswagen-they know how to take care of their customers.
5	Drove from Ahwatukee all the way to Bell Rd. to buy a used Mazda CX-5 from another dealer.  The other dealer told me the car was there at lunch time, but said it was sold after I made the 45 minute drive.  Out of curiosity, if not frustration, I stopped in Chapman Mazda to see if they had any used CX-5s.  No luck with the used car, but one of the managers, Kim, suggested I might be surprised at what they could do on a new one.  Honestly figured the price would be more than I'd be willing to pay for new, but after putting numbers together we were closer than I'd imagined.  Eventually I paid just a little more than the used car I was originally going to buy!This is our second new Mazda from Chapman and both times felt like I was dealing with friendly professionals and not the typical high pressure smoke and mirrors types employed at some other dealers.  I'd certainly recommend Chapman Mazda.  The whole experience was about as pleasant as car buying can get.
1	do not go here!!! negotiated a deal over the phone & drove up from tucson, took the car i wanted to buy to a local mechanic. i had a trade. the car i wanted to buy was listed under 10k. the agreed price was 10k out the door total. my trade was worth 4-6k and i'd pay cash for the difference. they expected me to gift them my car and write them a check for 10k.  the finance mngr came in and lied right to my face. shifty guy....yuck! i hear they nego bogus deals w people from tucson, figuring if they drive that far then they will buy car regardless that they just kicked the price up by 5k. in one word....run!! buy a car anywhere but here!!!!
5	I have enjoyed working with Jesse McMahan, the general manager.  He steps up to the plate and does a wonderful job.  He is a man of his word, which gives him 5 stars in my book.
1	First dangerous indicator is that most of these reviews are either one star or 5.  I am not saying the 5 stars are fake, but it makes me suspicious.From my personal experience, do not trust these people.  They LIE!!!  OK.  Maybe I shouldn't be shocked that car dealers lie, but to have blatant boldfaced advertisement that is an undeniable lie shows how overtly shady Chapman Mazda is.  When I purchased my car there in 2011, I was given a $10 oil change for the life of the vehicle card.  By life of the vehicle they must have meant 2 years.  They discontinued the offer and their explanation was that they could change an offer anytime they want.  I understand changing an offer to new buyers, but changing it on people who purchased on a "life of the vehicle" offer is just being dishonest.  The service manager told me on the phone that they are offering an oil change at a price that nobody else is matching.....$30????  Wow!  I have never heard of an oil change for less than $31...another blatant boldfaced LIE.  These people are just so dishonest.  If they are willing to advertise so falsely, imaging what other lies they are willing to tell just to make a couple extra bucks.
5	I drove 30 minutes away because my car had the engine light on. Blake Beaman was the Assistant Service Manager. He was nice, approachable and above all very professional. He explained to me what was going on with my car and kept me updated while I continue to wait in the lounge. Overall, I had a good experience with this dealer. I definitely recommend.
5	I am choosing 5 stars because Yelp designates it "As good as it gets."  I have yet to have an actual good experience with a car dealership - so this one was "As good as it gets."  I haven't used their service department, but the purchasing process was 10x less abusive than any of the VanTuyl dealerships.  They didn't throw a bunch of extra stuff on in the finance process, and things went much more quickly - at least half the time it took us to get through Showcase Honda the last time we bought a car.  I wouldn't discourage anyone from going to Chapman.
1	3 words for the Chapman Mazda Service Department:  BAIT AND SWITCH!I purchased a brand new Mazda a few years back and have gotten all of my maintainces done by them.  With the purchase of my new CX-9, I got LIFETIME Oil Changes for $10!  What a great deal!  I know that by going to the dealership they will find new and ingenious ways to bring that cost up by finding things wrong with it.  I was fine with that.  HOWEVER...when I went in on Saturday morning, they found no other things to fix.  Great.  I go to pay for it and it's $36+.  This is nearly 4 times the cost of my $10 LIFETIME Oil Change.  I was told by the service writer that they got rid of that plan and no longer honor it.  Needless to say, I will no longer be going to the dealership to purchase anything or get my repairs done there.  Also, I will not be buying another Mazda because of this.
1	Under New Management! I've had my car since February 2012. I had been bringing it here because my contract included a lifetime oil change for $9.99. Awesome, right!! WRONG!!! Now that they've relocated & have undergone new management they no longer honor that $9.99 price. And to top it off, my wait time for an oil change was 1.5 hours. What a waste of time! I wouldn't recommend this Dealership to anyone!!!
1	I had been taking my MazdaSpeed3 to Chapman Mazda since I bought it two years ago.  I had always been satisfied until this week.  My services used to run about $40 and they were done in a hour or less.  Yesterday it took over 2.5 hours and it cost me $350.  And there was nothing wrong with it.  They also used to have 2 waiting rooms and they don't any more.  I won't be taking my Mazda back to Chapman and I won't be buying a new Mazda (planned for next year) from them either.
1	I have visited/called 4 times all four a disaster under previous and new management. First I had a Mitsubishi lease, I dropped off my car for end of lease inspection. 6 hours later I go to pick it up it had not be done. They wanted to to look at new cars. I drop it off again 4 hours later no call I picked it up they said they had not gotten to it yet. I needed up dropping it at another dealer 1 hour later done, needed up buying a new car there.Next time I call service department for tires for my Mitsubishi they transfer me to parts. I ask about tires he says what size, I saw I have no idea. His smart ass response well not sure why your talking to me they put four different sizes on those cars so once you know what you want let me know. And proceeds to tell me they are no longer Mitsubishi anyway. So rude and the attitude is horrible.So I call the Manager Sam, and Start to tell him about my only 3 experiences with this place he interrupts me to ask why I am calling well to tell you  about your horrible service. Then he says we are under new management and have excellent customer service now. I disagreed. Then says not sure what you are tying to accomplish. When I told him I was doing a review and writing a letter I asked for his name 7 times and he refused to give it to me. I called back and got the manager on duties name. He never apologized.Such an attitude this place no wonder.
5	Great experience. Had a check engine light on which I suspected was a fuel injector from prior experience. Called in the afternoon and spoke with Sally. Asked for a loaner car for next day when I dropped off my CX7. Sally said no problem and had it ready for me next day. When I arrived, I asked for a promotional oil change in addition to whatever they found with the check engine light. Sally said no problem. The check engine light was not a fuel injector, but an equally serious necessary repair. Sally also advised me of some other recommended repairs, but did not pressure me. I also asked about a noise I thought might be related to the check engine problem (which turned out to be a faulty EGR valve) and Sally found a loose piece of my rear fender beneath the car. That was fixed for free. All in all, great experience!
4	I have been going to Chapman Mazda for 2 years now. I always feel like they are knowledgeable and always know that they will take care of my car. I haven't had any problems so far and am happy with their service. I would give them 5 stars except for the wait time is sometimes pretty long.
5	I haven't purchased from this dealership yet, but I was very impressed with the customer service, attitude and knowledge of our salesman, Michael, during our test drive of the Mazda CX 5. First he introduced himself to our kids also, which is surprisingly rare. He offered us all water. Then he pulled the two models of interest to us in the parking spaces right outside so we didn't have to walk all over the lot. He knew all the answers to my questions. He showed me all the features on the car, but wasn't at all pushy. We drove one model with him in the car and he wasn't overly chatty, which was great. Then he let our family drive another model alone since there wasn't quite room for five. I haven't decided yet on a make and model, but if I do go with the Mazda CX 5 or the Hyundai Santa Fe, I will certainly call Michael first to try and make a deal.
1	Rude staff. I inquired online about a car, went on vacation fir a few weeks, came home to about 10 emails from the online sales manager. We were no longer interested, so I asked them to stop emailing me. My response to this was a beyond rude and unprofessional email back from them. I will never go to a Chapman dealership.
5	Went to Chapman Mazda to lease a 2015 Mazda 3 and my salesperson Daisha was amazing! She went above and beyond to make sure I got a good deal. She didn't try to pressure me and she was extremely friendly. Steve in finance was very cool as well. A lot of laughs.Anyone looking for a new or used Mazda need look no further
5	So most of us do not like dealing with Car dealerships, and I normally always call the internet department as you seem to get better service and are not subjected to the salesperson who swoops in as you walk from parking your car!!We were in the final stage of deciding WHICH car my wife wanted and wanted to test drive one last model as she had a day off and we were running Errands.  We stopped to test drive one more model and decided that was the one......   We were working with another dealership, but they had very little stock. So before we walked out the door, they asked what they could do, with very low pressure. We told them and they surprised us by responding positively. After some back and forth, we ended up getting that car that day (they had one in the color we wanted with just 4 miles on it). So not a bad experience!!! Ask for Daisha Doolittle. Not only is she a salesperson, she actually is a Mazda zealot!! LOL!!!!
4	The issue was resolved. The response is way off as far what I was expecting would be done. I never expected anyone to pay the deductible or anything along those lines. The issue was the things that were broken only after I got the car back, and I didn't have time to wait for them to fix it that same day. When I did have time, the service tech that helped me and told me it would be taken care of, didn't work there anymore and hadn't noted the account, and when contacted of course he didn't remember. It had been awhile. With family health issue and work, it was a few months at least. Nonetheless it was a headache at that time. But in the end the issue was resolved and the shop made the repairs that were caused and promised by them in the first place, and for that I am thankful.
