5	I wasn't sure whether to give this place 1 star or 5, because it's great because of what it is....which is a species headed for extinction: a drugstore with a lunch counter, on the Strip, and undoubtedly pre-dating 98% of its surrounding structures. So, I recomend this less because it is a great place to eat or buy drugs(crack in the parking lot doesn't count), but as a piece of Las Vegas and American history that probably won't last much longer.
5	I love this grimy place in a dangerous neighborhood with lots of trans fats and god knows what in the food. My mentor always takes me here when I'm in town. He has been eating here since the 50's, and I've been going there since the 1990's when I lived there. It is a relic that serves Salisbury Steaks and Chocolate Malts, I still don't understand Malts. Expect mashed potatoes on thick plastic plates and an entertainingly intense waitstaff no matter what time you go. Bring a big friend, it's a sketchy area, but worth the trip to see a Vegas landmark that thank goodness hasn't been demolished yet with the Stardust and the Atomic Bar.
5	White Cross Drugs is a drugstore that doubles as a greasy diner. This odd juxtaposition has always reminded me of a giant syringe sticking out of a hamburger, which is an appropriate mascot for this little piece of Vegas history. I don't recommend eating in the diner (lest you have a gut of steel and a penchant for greasy American shlop cuisine), but I do recommend going and checking out some of the stuff they have sitting on their shelves. Not only is this place vintage, the shit they sell is vintage... I'm talking Kotex brand maxi pads from the 1980's. When you're done marveling at the oddity that is this delightfuly scary place, I recommend heading down the street to Luv-Its Frozen Custard for an authentic old school Las Vegas afternoon.
5	Might wanna come packin at this late night greasy spoon, but its worth the gunfight for shear Vegas Vegasocity.  Come here after some friday night Dinos Karaoke fun for a good ghetto time.
4	The diner here is called Tiffany's Cafe and it is open 24 hours.  I have never been here after dark-that sounds fun!   Search "Tiffany's"  on  Yelp for more reviews on the diner.
5	i saw a recent review of white cross ( thanks bruce s ) and it was a reminder that i need to re-visit a classic ... i've been hitting enough foo-foo places  and if there is one place on the "strip" ( i know...a stretch ...frick it ...fine ..... las vegas blvd ! ) that is anti foo-foo ....it's tiffany's cafe in white cross drugs ..... is the food good ...hey it's edible....basic diner food ...i'm kicking myself for missing the today's special board ( meatloaf - the guy 2 chairs down at the counter  had it ...looked good ! )i went with the classic patty melt w/ fries ...asked for medium ...it was close to medium - they char broil it first then finish on the grill ...put the grilled onions good 'ol american processed on a marble rye w/ a diet coke ...total $8.50 ...the counter had about 7 people eatin' early - one guy counting pennies and nickels to make sure he had enought for ....a dinner salad !!  70+ year old eating the meatloaf ( not sure he had teeth ) 2 trucker types debating how much $$  george bush is sending them in may/june, " are they going to tax that ??!! "  frick if i know i ain't gettin' a damn check !!!  and then you got me...mr bullshitter on the cell phone - a buddy called me when i got my food - haven't talked to him in awhile so i started by talking' just sipping my soda...then i munched on a few fries ...then finally, so much for manners - start  wolfing down the melt ...hearing 1/2 of what my buddy was yakkin' about .....i actually get emotional when i eat here ...remember working with my mom at a diner ..... LOVE YOU MOM !!!I gotta make a point of hitting this place at least once / month ....in memory of momma !!
4	everyone before me has said it already-a flash from the past-a drug store w/a diner. such great memories.
4	Been twice now, both times it was consistant in service and food. The menu isn't huge, but they are always open so you can't expect it to be. Good cheap greasy diner food. The area is kinda scary, and the place could probably use some new decor, but considering the traffic that I am sure it has gotten in the many years it's been open I'm willing to overlook it.
3	1 star for the excellent 1960s Wim Wenders film squalor and the hell-no-we're-not-being ironic ambiance.1 star for the cans of 1970s deodorant powder.1 star for the old and yellowed photos of old Vegas on the walls, and for the hokey mother's day cards in the card rack (also vintage, also just there because they still happened to be in stock). And don't get me wrong, I luv non-ironic squalor just as much as the next former punk rock performance artist turned librarian, HOWEVER (imagine very prissy-ass voice here): your disregard for hoity-toity culinary standards IS NO EXCUSE FOR EGGS FRIED IN COTTONSEED OIL. Breakfast was eeeecccchhhh.  Phony o.j., putrid coffee (seriously, I think I drank the juice extracted from Wayne Newton's toupee, mixed withh the bile of a thousand disappointed stand-up comics). Go for the photo ops and the sweet cashier in the pharmacy section.  Don't stay for the food, whatever those counter-foodie communists from Lonely Planet tell you.  Everyone knows Lenin had miserable taste in food!
4	You gotta love this place after a hard night out!!Being here reminds you of the soda fountains back in the day. I've been here a few times and somehow it always seems to be on my way back from someplace in Old Vegas (because it's easily on my way home) and it's rarely crowded, but even if it is that doesn't mean too much because there's only room for about 20 people tops. There's a counter that you sit at and the cook is also your waiter (Waffle House style, for you Southerners). They have a nice menu considering that it's pretty much gonna be a grease fest (aside from you soups and salads), but the whole experience is quite entertaining.Because you're watching the food be prepared, it all eves that feeling of "where's my food" because you're watching the guy Hustling to get your food done, and I think of it as the floor show while you wait for your food.Your food will always arrive hot because the distance from the grill to your  seat is never more than about 30 feet, and the minute the cook is done with your food he hands it right to you.The cook is a guy who's probably been there so long he can tell you what salad dressing Judas had on his salad at  The Last Supper, but he is a lovely man with a charming disposition.The food always hits the spot and it's also a great place to pick up that extra roll of toilet paper, bread or toothpaste you might need when you wake up in the morning.Don't expect much, and you won't be disappointed, although you CAN depend on it being open at any time, your time there being a charming (even nostalgic) experience, and the food to hit that guilty pleasure spot.For the White Cross Diner, Nighttime is the right time.
4	Ahh. One of the stops on my Journey to Nowhere. Drugstores that are not of the Walgreens or CVS variety have become a rare breed. The neighborhood is indeed kind of dingy and scary, it all adds to the character of the place of course. And really, with so much Psuedo-Gentrification going on in the Naked City and Downtown, crime isn't all that common around those parts anymore. Besides, there's ALWAYS loads of people around. I would have tried the venerable Diner in here since I have never eaten in a greasy spoon before, but I've heard a few too many scary stories about the place. Maybe I will try it on a day where I'm not on a "journey" of some sort. Fortunately, I doubt this place is in any danger of closing soon. It's VERY popular, and that is indeed a good thing. It is common to find certain products in packaging from the 70s/80s, but don't worry, all of the stuff is just fine. CHEAP too.Another plus are the vintage Vegas pieces adorning the walls, which gives the place a very organic, neighborhood feel rather than corporate, carbon copy like CVS.
5	Love this drug store. Open 24hrs. Plus they have a 24hr diner.
4	Tiffany's Cafeit's the diner inside the drug store.  The place and area are a dive, but they do a great philly cheesesteak.  Add jalapenos.
4	Neat place has an old fashioned vibe,great prices,walking distence from The Stratosphere Hotel.
4	Drugstore w/ Tiffany's Cafe. The best and most interesting late night place to sober up after a night of drinking. With counter or table service, if you are in this area you won't find a better place to get some classic greasy diner food.
1	Are you kidding me? This place would go out of business if they gave food away in Somalia. Seriously... The food is... well the word horrible does it justice. As for the clientele, the only one in the place not wearing an ankle (monitoring) bracelet was me. This place is rock bottom and it is there to stay. Avoid it at all cost. I gave it one star because I got out alive. One good thing is that you can get antibiotics in the drug store that it is located in. Too bad there isn't a hospital and morgue accross the street. You have been warned.
4	http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/141554263.htmlClosing by the end of the month. Usually I would be sad that another piece of my hometown's history is biting the dust, but since this is a place that really just doesn't care about that, I just feel really numb upon hearing this news. It's still sad though. Thankfully some free time is coming my way so I can pay this spot a visit.The Final Verdict (since I didn't do it last time):Pros:Out of the ordinary.An independent drugstore, something which is very, VERY rare these days. Sells a wide variety of items.Vintage Vegas photos and posters adorn the walls.Cons:Grungy.I don't think I could stomach the diner (and yet that's the part that's going to stay open. Well isn't that like rain on your wedding day?)Suggestions: Make it a tourist attraction? On one hand it could keep the place open and provide a tourist attraction that isn't so, well, typical for Vegas. On the other hand, it would stop being a secret and therefore lose it's secret charm. Would I return? Absolutely, shame the place is closing.
5	I'm quite surprised that Tiffanys Cafe @ White Cross Drugs is still one of Our best kept secrets. If you haven't stopped by Tiffanys your missing out on a whole lot of goodness. And you must stop by next time your up for an amazing breakfast. This place is not only historical, but amazingly delicious. The staff is always   Friendly  and at your service no matter how hammered you are, they always seem to care about what you have to say or scream.  The food doesn't take more than 15 min to get to your table, which seems like less time and you start walking around the drug store. No matter what you order you'll love it. Nix on IHOP and Dennys down the street. Why go there when the food and experience is better at Tiffanys.p.s.Ask for Tiffany.
1	Terrible - don't botherI drove out to visit this place based on the good reviews on Urban Spoon. I was harassed by 2 separate guys while getting out of my car - asking for money. I felt very unsafe here. It was 1pm on a Monday! I looked in and noticed that the actual drugstore had closed and the building was empty. Tiffany's was still open though. I went inside and found one customer sitting at the counter and another standing waiting for a take out order. There was a man cooking at the grill and a woman behind the counter. As I walked in, the woman behind the counter looked at me then turned around and faced the grill man. She stood there staring at him while he was cooking for over 3 minutes and completely ignored me as I was standing at the counter. I said, "excuse me" and was ignored still. After looking at the cleanliness of this place (which was quite disgusting) and after being rudely ignored purposely, I decided to leave and never come back! I was astonished at how rude the woman was. If they have good food, I will never know as the service is deplorable and not worth the time. What a shame.
5	Tiffany's Cafe,,, Its Time for the rest of Las Vegas and the would to now About this little place. If you want your down home grandma's breakfast , This is the place. When you walk in you step back in time to another place. I would invite you to set down a have a hardy breakfast and enjoy.. P.S. bring your appetite
3	At first glance, this place seems pretty shady. There's a random little cafe inside, that I wouldn't mind trying. I really like that you can request really anything you'd like, and they'll order it for you. The guy at the counter was super nice and told us about the tastings they hold every weekend. We'll definitely be back.
5	Always the greatest breakfast. What a funny place to put a great diner, in a drugstore. But it's fantastic. Reasonable prices
3	EhhhI was on a work trip to Vegas in June 2014.  The deodorant stick I packed crumbled in my luggage and I was looking for an excuse to go here since I saw it on Yelp.I probably should not have bothered, any CVS/Rite Aid/etc would have been better.There are a lot of mentions of some kind of diner/restaurant in this place, which seems to have closed.  There was no restaurant.  There is a small drug store/general store area with basics (I bought deodorant, Oreos, chips, and gum), a deli counter, and a liquor store which takes up half of the floor space.There were maybe 3 customers the whole time I was there.  The store seems to be in the middle of nowhere, on an intersection well off the strip with little to no foot traffic.The place is kind of cute but I really don't see any reason to come here.
