5	I LOVE Theory Salon!! They have the best hair products from the Moroccan Oil (which is amazing) to Keratin products!! (also amazing) My hairstylist is Claire and I followed her over from when she was working at J. Studio and moved here! She's great she won't let me cut my hair too short because of a past cut I did with another girl (thought it was a good idea at the time), and we both decided from then on out we were letting it grow and I can trim it and do some fun things with my bangs, but that's it!! What I like is the honesty and the cut is cheap $45 for cut & blow dry!! I'm not 100% sure how the other pricing is as I don't color my hair....yet!!  I'm sure it's reasonable though, and it will be a service I will use at one point whether I like it or not  :)The interior is clean and pretty, and if you've never been over there they only have street parking so bring some quarters!!
5	You can't beat the girls at Theory for the best color in town.  I promise you, if you are out & about and see someone with GREAT color, there's a good chance Magan or Clarissa did it.  Give them a try, you won't regret it!
5	I spent DECADES trying to find the right stylist and products for my hair and once I found Bonnie, my hair has never looked better and been more healthy.  I finally  have the hair I knew was there somewhere!!Bonnie is the REAL DEAL....an expert in her field of over 20 years experience.Laura
4	I recently moved to Charlotte for work and as a redhead, I was quite nervous about finding a new salon and going through the process of getting to know a new stylist.  After reading reviews, asking around and looking for a place that's close to where I live, I settled on Theory and I coulnd't be happer!  So far I've been to Amy H 3 times and it only took her one try to get my color exactly how I wanted it...keep in mind this wasn't how it looked at the time because it had severely faded from the sun but she spent a ton of time on my consultation and got it right the very first time.  I've gotten several compliments from strangers since she started coloring my hair and even my close friends are saying that the color is better!  I had also been struggling with growing my bangs/layers out and she uncovered the root of the problem I was having with an annoying flip in my hair that always curled up by noon everyday - another huge feat for me!  Overall, everyone in the salon seems nice and it's a pleasant environment.   I haven't been going there long enough to know other stylists but if you're looking for a new stylist, I highly recommed Amy H.
5	Clarissa is so talented!   I drive from Concord just to see her. Every visit I walk away with the best color and cut.  She's great at color correction too, she's done her "magic" on my mom, sister- yes even me.   Salon is hip,comfortable and easy to get to.
5	I have visited Theory salon many times, and the experience was always great. The decor is clean and minimal, and the stylists were very professional. The salon is in a great location right near down town and the light rail for easy access. I highly recommend theory for men.
5	Claire Oh Clair...what would I do without you?  I came to you with color-gone-bad and you turned it all around for good.  You are my hero!  I seriously came to Theory after trying so many other salons in the area...some affordable, some not, some recommended, some not.  Either way, through my journey, I ended up with black hair that was practically purple.But....wait for it.....I met Claire!!  She saved the day and restored my purple hair back to a normal color.  She isn't pushy, she isn't overly talkative, she is just cool and professional and damn good at what she does.She is priced like everyone else in the area so no sticker shock there.  Great environment in a fun location (southend).  I HIGHLY recommend you to go to Claire for any and all of your hair needs.
