3	This Johnny Rockets is at the SanTan Mall by the theaters.  Like any of their locations, burgers and shakes are their thing.  The original burger, chili fries, and chocolate peanutbutter shake are good stuff.  The wings are not worthwhile though.  It's a family or casual place, grab a burger, and see a movie right across the walkway.  Worth stopping by.
5	Burgers and shakes. They do them well.  For that they get 5 stars.  No really - anything and everything I have ever had here is great.  You also get to listen to the tunes you want for 5 cents.  I mean - does it get any better then that?  hahah - this is great for burgers and shakes and I mean it!!
4	Came here for lunch with Audrey on Sunday.  Its located within the Santan villiage, tucked behind the food court and next to the movie theatre, its easy enough to find.  Service was quick and efficient, and food was tasty.  Service was adequate, and I will return in the future!! Love the theme of this place.  :-)
4	Food was good (same as last time - and as always when I go) but they lose a star for service.  Look, you may hate your job, and hate the singing in front of everybody part of it, but YOU signed up for it.  If you don't like it - go get a new job!Good thing I like their burgers so much or this might have annoyed me enough to not go back!
5	Everything was sooo delcious. Our waitor was super nicer too!!
4	Great family venue. Fun and helpful staff.  For the past two years, my daughter has wanted to celebrate her birthday with a movie and Johnny Rockets.  The staff is fun and friendly and they were very good with the kids getting them to dance and enjoy the bday celebration. They also took into consideration our crunch for time and served us swiftly and efficiently. Thanks for being so helpful.
3	OMFG this place is loud!  FIFW consider bringing earplugs!Pert and perky service with a smile the two times I've been here, FYI.Food is okey dokey neighbor!Prices are fair 'ta middlin' for the burger joint grub.This place is awash with hard surfaces...even the ceiling tiles.  Hence the loud music and other hubbub careens around and leaves you with ringing ears...
4	I always enjoy bringing the kids here because they love picking out songs to play on the juke box. The food is good and we enjoy ordering flavored sodas as a treat. The staff is usually super friendly and helpful.
1	I had one of the worst experiences of my vegetarian life here. I had been to Johnny Rocket's before and gotten the vegan option so I knew I would be ok going here. I was out with my meat eating sister and my pescatarian husband so I figured this place would be the best for all three of us to get what we want. We get in and I ordered a burger that wasn't the Streamliner (1st mistake), and just ordered it with the BOCA burger. The waitress takes our order, my husband also ordered his with a BOCA. About 20 minutes later the food comes out. The patty looks right. I was a little apprehensive and I should have gone with my gut feeling on not eating here this day, but I ignored it. It had been awhile since I had eaten a BOCA patty (over a year), so I THOUGHT it looked right. (2nd mistake)I start eating it and about half way through it the bill hits our table. It was crowded in there so the waitress must have been trying to get us out of there. So I look at the bill and notice both my husband and my burgers say Turkey substitution. I immediately start to freak out. We call the waitress over and explain to her that we ordered BOCA, why does it say Turkey? She then tells us that it is BOCA it just says turkey. I say, no that doesn't sound right. So she goes to talk to her manager I guess because we never saw her again. The manager comes over to our table and apologizes profusely for what happened. I'm upset because how the hell do you confuse BOCA and Turkey? I mean, really. I know some people might think how did I not know the difference. And I thought that to myself as well, but the truth is it slipped by me even though it shouldn't have. And it hurts me every time I think about it. I will never come to this Johnny Rockets again, if any of them ever again because of this experience. All I can say is, if you are vegan or vegetarian, and you go to any of the Johnny Rockets, make sure that your waitress/waiter knows that a BOCA burger isn't meat. Stress that to them. Because obviously they aren't trained to know what the difference is.
4	Shakes, shakes, everywhere.  If you want a great shake and lots of choices this is a great place for you.   This is a great family-oriented place and what I saw when I first walk in:  lots of children.  You travel back in time to a 1950s diner with nickel jukeboxes and waiters with the funny paper hats.  Burgers, fries, and shakes for the typical American meal.  The waiters may even put on a show and dance to one of the songs you choose from their jukeboxes.  For the first time, I thought I'd try "The Original."  This burger is some greasy goodness.   The burger is so juicy and tender and I inhaled it so quickly.  The fresh vegetables make this burger a classic.  I think one of the reasons it tasted so well was all the grease.  Fat and grease may be bad for you, but it just tastes so great.    There's a huge selection of shakes for whatever you're in the mood for.  When you get the chance, try them all!  I tried the original strawberry shake.  When it arrived, it came in a cool mug, and another cup of the extra.  It's big enough to share.  The real whipped cream was thick.  The ice cream was so rich, smooth, and thick.  The shake went down my throat so smoothly and there were no icicle chunks.  The only chunks is the small pieces of strawberry.  Yummy goodness in my mouth!  Good burgers, shakes and fun.  My calorie count skyrocketed after eating here, but it's worth it just to let loose and forget about your weight for one day.
1	I always loved Johnny Rockets, the food, the fun - my daughter always gets up and dances with the crew. Tonight- not so much - The service was horible. They lost our order and the manager didn't even have the courage to come out and appologize. They gave me a pathetic discount which didn't begin to make up for the 1/2 hour I lost this evening. The worst part for me was I was in a great mood when I went there even though we waited for 20 minutes to get in. But it's hard to maintain your cool when you people around you who came in 15 minutes after you get served first. I understand that mistakes happen, believe me they happen to me in my business all the time. That's when the manager has to come over and own up to the error and appologize. If you go there share this review with them and maybe they will improve, because the food really is good and normally I like the place a lot, but shame on them tonight.
4	Haha this place makes me giggle. My friend wanted to go here after work so we ended up here on a Friday evening. The place was crowded and we ended up sitting the middle of the room. Eh. I think the menu had only one vegetarian option so I ordered that. It was just a boca burger basically. I'm not sure why I ordered it, as I do eat meat, but all I can remember about the burger was that it was huge and just tasted like mustard. It's a good thing I like mustard though.Besides the vegetarian burger the rest of their food is good. I've had their regular burgers, onion rings, fries, and milkshakes before and have always enjoyed them. Plus the food is cheap.The service is always nice -- which I think can be hard to do sometimes especially with how crowded it can get.The only thing that made me feel uncomfortable was when all the waitresses had to stop what they were doing and dance to a Bee Gees song in the middle of the room. I'm never sure if I'm suppose to watch or even make eye contact when they do that. wtf.
4	The manager called me and appologized and sent us a gift card for a free meal. I do like their food and I love their atmosphere. My 5 year old daughter always gets up and dances with their servers. It's a lot of fun. I wish I would have contacted them before writing a bad review and give them a chance to step up. They did make a mistake with us that night and companies deserve an opportunity to know and make it right. They did do that.
5	Great place after the movies.  Fun and good food.  Enjoy a shake. Service was good and they all work hard.
4	It's a burger joint!  They have other stuff (like chicken sandwiches and "melts" and hot dogs), but it's basically a burger joint.  They have a counter you can sit at, or you can get a table.  They play mostly "oldies", and for a nickel you can pick what is playing.  If the mood strikes them, the staff will get out and dance to the tune!  It's loud here, but a lot of fun also.The french fries are ordinary.  Generally served very hot (usually a good idea to wait a couple of minutes before biting).  Nothing wrong with the fries, just nothing special either.  They are thicker than what you get at McD's or BK or one of those places.  Fries are "bottomless".  You can get as many refills as you can eat.The burgers are hot and fresh.  No heat lamps are evident.  Very tasty.  Nothing extremely special about them (it's a burger), but it is good.Their dark chocolate shake is what a shake should be.  Costs about twice what it should, but it is sooooooo good.  Sometimes I come here just for the shake.One of the better burger diners around.  I prefer them to Fatburger (which I also like).  If you want a good burger don't go to McD's, come here.  It's pricier, but so much better there isn't really a comparison.  And it's more fun, too.The manager (and most of the staff) do a good job of being up-beat and excited, helping the "fun" and "friendly" atmosphere.
1	BLEH!!!!!!!!
1	BLEH!!!!!!!! Never go there. Loud, TERRIBLE SERVICE
2	I love Johnny Rockets!!! I love the oldies music, the atmosphere, the food!!! It's great!!! The problem is, just like every franchise it's the managers, or owners that are the ones responsible to make you want to come back or not. I have been to a few different Johnny Rockets in AZ and each one is different of course on service and taste of food. I go to the Johnny Rockets out at San Tan Mall at least 3 times a month. I would go more if the service and food quality stayed consistent. It's frustrating to go and LOVE the experience and food and the next time you go back it's the complete opposite. I just visited this Jonny Rockets on Saturday 11/24 in the evening. We sat outside for the weather was fantastic. It took them 15 minutes to even acknowledge we were outside, we waited 10 minutes to place our drink order, another 20 to order our food, then another 35 minutes to get our food, at least 15 more to get our check, we weren't asked if we wanted dessert on top of that taking another 20 minutes. Needless to say, we missed our movie that was playing right across the way, it took us over 2 hours to eat, our waiter was cranky and didn't care to take care of us. Now onto the food..... it's a hit and miss every time I go! This particular time, it was ridiculous. The burgers were tasteless, the fries were cold..... I didn't understand why it was such a bad night for this place. I want to know why their food portion and the taste changes from every visit. Do the managers change; do the cooks change.... what is going on? One time we order the American Meal Deal. You get a huge burger, a huge side of fries and a drink. This time we got a small burger, a half a scoop of fries on the same plate and a drink. Their chili cheese fries are my favorite but I always have to be super clear when I order because sometimes I get a whole plate full and sometimes I get a half a plate and told its the appetizer size. Also they change from giving you graded cheese and nacho cheese on the chili cheeses fries, and when you ask the waiter they have no idea why your asking...... well I wouldn't ask if the order was always the same. I also feel like they shouldn't advertise fresh brownies on their brownie sundays if your going to serve hard stale brownies. I would love to keep visiting this Johnny Rockets, but im afraid I have to finally throw in the towel and look else ware to eat in San Tan Mall. I feel I have given them enough chances and it's frustrating to be such a flip floppy restaurant.
3	Overall, this is a good location (who knew that they closed down the food court at San Tan??), where you can get a quick bite before a movie or recharge after a day of shopping. The food is ok. The burgers are decent, but definitely nothing to brag about and are a little pricey for what you get. The service can be spotty, so if you come during a rush, don't be surprised if you have to wait a few minutes before someone is able to acknowledge you or seat you.The server we had on my most recent visit here was really sweet and friendly, she was still in training, but she did a great job of keeping water glasses full and experimenting on her ketchup faces with us. :)
5	We come back every time! Love the staff and food :)
2	I had never eaten here before so was excited to try it out.  We got seated right away and our orders were taken quickly.  It took about 10 minutes to receive our drinks.  Our food took almost 45 min from when we ordered.  It was the busy lunch hour but still.  All the 2 of us ordered were fries and burger/hotdog so it would have been much faster to have just gone to a fast food place.  I was not impressed with the hot do as I hate seeds on my bun. I asked for another order of fries as they give you unlimited and it took almost 15 min before i got them.  By then I was so ready to leave I honestly did not want them anymore.  The food was okay tasting but for the price I expected better.  There was only one performance while we there and I honestly would prefer them no to do them.  It just makes the place loud and takes the waiters away from serving the customers.  Out waiter made a smiley face out of ketchup into a bowl, which was cute, but I'd prefer he take the time getting my refills, order, etc.I will not return to this environment.  I had heard from others about the slow service so I know it will happen again.
2	My son and I told our server we were going to put some nickels in the juke box.  Less than two minutes later we returned to our seats which had been cleared of our meal, our souvenir movie cups put in the trash, and new people seated at our seats.  The server handed me my bill and said sorry, bus boy took your stuff.  The manager was nice about it and refunded our meal, gave us a coupon for a free burger.  My son thinks it is fun so we will go back but be warned, don't leave your seat even if you let your server know.  You could end up losing more than your movie cups!
3	This is one of my sisters favorite restaurants so I tend to frequent it. Its a great place for some simple food. I always get the chicken strips and chili cheese fries, however I prefer shredded cheese not nacho cheese so if you are the same way make sure you request it because otherwise you are getting nacho cheese on your fries. The desserts are always great especially the shakes. The biggest complaint I have is they always seem to take an extra long time to get you all of your stuff. Drinks, food, and even the check always seem like they take much longer then they should.
2	I've always loved Johnny Rockets and the service tonight was ok, but the last few times we've been there the food has been awful. It was prepared ok but the flavor is that of a good McDonalds, which is really sad. I don't complain to gripe but I hope someone who cares sees this reviews and makes a better effort. I see this restaurant closing very soon because I just think they care anymore. There's a serious lack of effort lately.
2	I thought this place was easy on the wallet and I found out NO it's not. This place is too LOUD. I have to say that the service we received was good. The overall bill for 3 burgers 1 kids meal and 3 sodas was $45, that's a lot dough for me. Then I got to thinking damn I should have taken my kids to In and Out and still had 20 bucks left over. For me the value to what I ate wasn't there. But I have to say the server we got was great. Just not for me.
5	This Johnny Rockets is better than the rest.  Even other Johnny Rockets.  Customer Service went above and beyond what we expected.  The Manager was extremely helpful.  They did nothing wrong, but acted like they did.  We would definitely return.  Food was excellent.  Shakes were great!
1	My son took me there for my birthday (70). If I were alone I would have gotten up and left. Which I noticed a lot of people did they came in looked at the menu and walked out. The food was overpriced, the hamburger was good waited 1 hour for our food the fries were dry and tasted like cardboard, the soda didn't have any taste at all there was not enough syrup in it and I don't drink soda. It was so flippen loud in there you couldn't even talk. Waited for out meal, waited for the bill, then we couldn't get him to pick it up. SORRY WOULD NEVER GO BACK ..5 AND DINER IF I WANT TO GO BACK TO MY TIME
4	I got a call from the manager and she apologized for the problems I had on my visit and told me it was not there policy to serve cold fries and the wait time should have not been longer than 15 minutes. She wanted me to give them another chance and sent me a gift certificate, I hope I have a better experience. Thank you
5	Big shout out to Karli! Big smile, so friendly and not at all pushy. We had stopped in before heading to the movies for a quick snack. Got milkshakes,  fries and a root beer float. I was sharing a milkshake with my daughter and Karli asked if she could split it for us! Might sound like a small thing but for us it just showed that she was being proactive and thoughtful. Then the icing on the cake - or the ketchup on the plate - was that she actually took the time to make little designs on ketchup plates for each of us for our fries - there were 4 in our party. Rest of the staff was very pleasant too but Karli rocked!  Thank you!
3	So their menu has changed. I used to get the streamliner burger which had a Boca patty. They don't have that on the menu anymore. Now you have to order one of the regular burgers and ASK to substitute with a Boca or turkey patty. Fine. I ordered a classic burger, substituted the meat patty for a Boca patty. When my food came the patty was light colored and resembled a turkey burger. I told the waitress who alerted the chef who insisted that it was not a turkey burger. Boca patties are pretty distinguishable. A light gray patty is more than likely a turkey patty. They remade me a different burger and the moment I took a bite it fell apart. It was their new bun! They now serve very thick split top buns which break in half the moment you pick up the burger. The only reason I am giving this place three stars is because the manager just came over and discounted my bill significantly. Not everybody likes the changes you've made Johnny Rockets. I will not be back because the food isn't awesome like it used to be.
2	My kids use to come here a lot on Fridays after school. The last time we went there the service was horrible! They also started charging for fries and for cheese on their hamburgers. They brought out our fries before our meal. Then forgot to bring my daughters fries out that I had to pay for. The hamburgers and club sandwich were both burned. I ended up not having a lunch to eat. We will not be coming back! Very disappointed! This use to be such a great restaurant.
1	This place has been my kids favorite place on their birthdays. We go there every year and every time we have so much fun. However, this year on my son's birthday, it was a huge disappointment. The place was obviously short staffed that night. No one greeted us, no one even was busing the tables. Drinks and food were super slow. And the worst part was the waitress even forgot about my son's birthday. Even though she apologized and brought back an ice cream, she tried to get the manager to sing with her but the manager was too busy to talk to a guy. It made me feel like I caused trouble for them. It's not the experience we expected and I think we should find kids some other places to celebrate their birthdays from now on.
1	Terrible food, extremely noisy. Fries came out way early and cold by the time the burgers came. Albino Boca burger looked and tasted like a freezer burnt corn tortilla. Hamburgers burnt, only 6 fries per kids order. Laughable.
