4	Insanity was a cool ride. Riders get a thrill and a nice view of the Las Vegas landscape at the same time. It's unique how you're facing downward while the ride is spinning fast. I was surprised at the speed of the ride. I was a bit dizzy getting off Insanity but that didn't stop me from riding 3 more times. Arriving very early is vital if you want to ride multiple times. I really enjoyed my experience on Insanity. If you like spinning and speed, Insanity is a good choice. Don't let the fear of heights stop you from enjoying the unique experience of Insanity.
4	This was a really cool and different ride experience.  If it wasn't located 1,000 feet above the ground then it wouldn't be as fun and I probably wouldn't have gone on it.  I vote this my second favorite out of the three- Big Shot being number one with no comparison.  As the ride moves off the side of the building, it starts to build momentum and spin.  The faster it spins, the further your seat goes out and you feel like you are looking straight down at the ground.  You get amazing views of Las Vegas and you feel like you're flying.  I enjoyed it better at night when the city was light up beautifully.  Fun to include this as part of the day package option and worth trying once.  People with motion sickness beware though as the ride does spin pretty fast and you can easily get nauseous.
3	Insanity for me wasn't much of a thrill.It is basically a quick moving carosel that spins out off the Stratosphere and gives you a view of the road/area below. I prefer crazy roller coasters so this ride really wasn't much of a thrill for me. If you want to cross it off your bucket list, I'd call it a moderate thrill but don't set your expectations too high.
3	Insanity wasn't much of a thrill for me. The ride was short and didn't go as fast as I expected it to. For the price, I definitely expected more. For hotel guests, the tower ride is free and each ride is $15. Non hotel guests are required to buy the package that includes the tower ride, which ends up being pretty steep for such a short ride. The pros are that the view from the top of Stratosphere is breathtaking. Being the highest point on the strip, it is definitely something to visit. In conclusion, buying the tower ride to go to the viewing deck is worth it but definitely won't be purchasing the ride tickets next time.
4	Growing up near (and often at) Cedar Point I have to say most amusement parks fail to stack up and most "thrill rides' lack much thrill, a first world problem to be sure, but one that left me with little desire to experience any of the rides when I visited the top of the stratosphere...at least until a middle age woman approached me and offered me a free pass to ride insanity with her son, the lady herself not particularly keen on "spinny rides that make me want to puke."Admittedly a shorter ride than anticipated, perhaps 3 minutes in duration, and slower than options like chaos or the witches wheel the gist of the ride is simple - a bit of centrifugal force, a whirl of lights, and a touch of nausea - but bolstered by the 109th floor location and the screams of young and old I can certainly think of less thrilling rides, and far less interesting views, especially for free.
4	Insanity was fun, not very scary, unless you're afraid of heights. Just got me pretty dizzy. The ride holds 10 passengers in groups of 2 so the line moves along pretty quickly. The staff was nice and funny over the speaker. If I had to chose which to ride again I would pick from the other two (Xscream or Big Shot)
4	Awesome views and definitely nail biting since you are suspended off the edge of a 1,000+ ft building.  Can be scary if you don't like heights. Overall, a fun experience that will have you screaming.
5	Wow, what an experience! I'm not scared of heights or rides, but this simple ride sure gets your heart beating. Spinning around at 40mph, 900ft up, is not for the faint hearted! You can see the entire tower, top to bottom, as you ride Insanity and it gives you a pure sense of how ridiculously high you are! Queue took about 10 minutes at 2am.
