5	I am a coach for Wrestling, as well as participate in Jiu Jitsu and Weightlifting.  My body gets pretty banged up from time to time and Dr. Mulford has done an excellent job at getting me back into the swing of things after injuries.  Her knowledge of the human anatomy is very impressive and she has an extensive amount of information for future prevention.  I would recommend Dr. Mulford to all of my wrestlers, grapplers, and weight lifters out there...
5	I was referred by a friend to see Dr. Nick Savatgy.  I came here for a sports injury to my ankle, and after weeks of slow progress the treatments here blew me away with results.  My ankle made more progress in 2 weeks than in the last 6.  Unlike other offices, they spend a LOT of time with you as a patient.  They dig deep, ask questions and listen to you and your body.  He also has 2 partners that can fill in for him when he is out, and they are both fantastic aswell.  This office is really as good as it gets.  I will always come here first for my sports injuries.
1	I don't even know where to begin.  This place has treated me poorly, ignores my needs and shuffles me around.  The staff has no idea what it what they are doing and they are more worried about who put a coke in the freezer, than your treatment.  New doctors come in to treat you without even Introducing themselves and giving you their name.  This place is an insurance factory.  If you dare complain or ask for something they walk around and ignore you and look like they've been hurt.   I don't know what they put in your chart because every time I come in it's like the first time I've ever been there.  They've made my condition so much worse and I refuse to go back there.  There are better places to go to don't waste your time here.
5	Dr. Kang is awesome!! She really tries to fix your problem. Not only does she give great adjustment but she is very friendly as well. I defintely would recommend her to my friends and family.  The staff at Canyon Lake neck and back have been super friendly and helpful everytime I go in for treatment.
5	Dr.Kang is great and staff is always kind and friendly. She is thorough in assessing patients and explaining explaining the process and what to expect during an adjustment. Her technique is very gentle yet effective in addressing the problem.
5	Been here a few times n saw Dr Kelly Kang. She treated my lower back n after I came in. It helped ease the pain n after a few hours later it was much better. If you come in, I highly recommend you see her.
5	Dr. Nick Savatgy is amazing! After one visit using Graston and Active Release Therapy I experienced relief from year-long Sciatic pain and within one month was completely pain free. Dr. Savatgy is extremely knowledgable in sports therapy and provides great advice on training, stretching and injury management. He is easy to talk to and listens before diagnosing and/or recommending treatment.I was so impressed with him and his entire staff, that I brought my daughter in for treatment. She is a high-level club soccer player, who has suffered from knee pain for two years. After just a couple of visits, her knee is better and she has zero pain.
5	OMG!!!! I got an excellent adjustment!I am someone who needs neck relief but is always very skeptical about neck adjustments.  Dr. Kelly Kang made me feel so comfortable and after she was done adjusting me I felt like a new woman!!!I strongly suggest that if you are in the Las Vegas area and in need of an adjustment that you go get treated there and with her specifically!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Savatgy since 2011.  I will not trust any other to my needs.  As a competitive athlete, he knows what my body needs.  He has put me back together twice (injuries) and has made me stronger than I was pre-injury.I refer my running friends and all my coaching clients to him.  I could never thank him enough for all he has done for me.
5	It was my first time to a chiropractor. I didn't know what to expect or how painful it was going to be and what a nice suprise! Dr Nick Savatgy is wonderful. I highly recommend him. His therapy started with some electro muscle shocking thing  for like 10 min covered with a nice heavy heated blanket and then the assistant did a buffer thing buzzing my muscle for a short time. It was not just a new experience but started feeling better too and Dr Savatgy is very detailed I am not saying his adjustment didnt hurt but he explained it why so that soothed my mind. Thank you!
5	Dr Nick Savatgy is a professional healer!  He is brilliant and really knows his stuff. I am coming here after a dislocated shoulder. Feel better after just 1 week. I drive cross town because he is totally worth it!
5	Me and hubby's first time here and we absolutely love it. Came in hurting and left feeling like champs. This will definitely be our place to hit for our neck and back needs.
