1	I purchased airline tickets through OneTravel which is DBA Wk Travel Inc.  Due to an emergency medical situation, I had to cancel my flight.  I kept calling the number listed on my confirmation tickets (5 times in one day at all different hours of the day) and was put on hold for at least 25 minutes each and every time I called.  I finally had to just hang up each time.  I can't imagine how long I would have actually had to wait before I got to talk to a real person.  This is customer service AT ITS WORST and I would never do business with them again.  I finally just called the airlines directly and they took care of it right away.  Poor customer service certainly doesn't bring back business.  I don't know how they are even still open.  I'm sure I'm not the only person that has gone through the same thing with this company.This was just one of the problems I had with this company.  They also had to change my flights due to some airlines changes, which is understandable.  However, they changed them to give me a 10 minute layover instead of a 90 minute layover.  If my original flight was even 5 minutes late in taking off, I would have missed my international connection.  I did reach them that time and had them change it to something else to assure I wouldn't miss my connection.  It was like pulling teeth trying to get that taken care of.I highly recommend NOT doing business with this company.  You will be very disappointed!!
1	Company is making fake bookings for rooms not even available then not notifying customers that they have no reservation.Completed by booking on Onetravel.com for a reservation for 2 nights w/ car rental. Received confirmation booking, then a week later get notified my card could not be charged so the hotel portion wasn't booked? Not sure why the card would be declined, let alone why just the hotel portion would be cancelled and the car rental remained if my card was truly declined (which I knew it wasn't). Then I asked why I couldn't just provide my card information again and he stated I would need to rebook online and he would cancel my car reservation, but there was a penalty which of course sounded ridiculous so I asked if my card was declined how would I be penalized and charged? He then agreed and cancelled it so I could rebook without a fee after I argued with him. I re-booked my reservation, received my confirmation email, etc. and decided to do some checking on the car rental just to be sure since I was skeptical of Onetravel.com at this point. The car rental agency then indicated the car reservation was around $15 more than what my confirmation from Onetravel said even though the terms & conditions for one travel said it included taxes and fees (just not extras - which I didn't have). So I emailed onetravel asking them why this was, and they responded several days later with a generic email cancelling my car reservation portion of the reservation only. Nothing else, no inquiry as to if that is what I wanted or anything. Okay fine, I would rather book it myself at this point since I am done dealing with onetravel as they have over a 40 minute hold time every single time I call and clearly they cannot communicate via email for my customer service requests. So then today I decide to double check my hotel portion since I had not seen my card charged for the amount of the hotel yet which I found odd and sure enough after waiting for 45 minutes they inform me the reservation was cancelled because my card could not be charged. I asked for the code that was returned on the card declination and then after speaking with a supervisor (Carl) he indicated the real reason was because the hotel was overbooked and the hotel wouldn't honor the price that onetravel had on my booking confirmation so they cancelled it and just said "your card wasn't charged what's the problem?" The problem is, it is now 2 weeks later and I have no reservation, they didn't notify me, and now the prices are double or triple as the date is quickly approaching for my trip. I was trying to speak with his manager, but when he said his manager's name was Rufus Taco, I knew it was going to be impossible to get any type of service from this company as he was full of it. So not only did they not notify me I had no reservation, they are still, TODAY, listing that hotel as available and they have told me the hotel will not honor their prices so they just tell the customer the card cannot be charged. I asked why they were doing this and he then repeated "your card wasn't charged, what's the problem?".This is absolutely ridiculous. I am glad I have no reservation with them although it is costing me twice as much to book a room now because it is now two weeks later and the prices have shot up, but hoping others don't end up getting to their destination to find out they actually have no reservation after all.  Stay far away from this website onetravel.com and their company Wk Travel.
1	I called to change a booking for my parents, who had to fly out of Europe for a medical emergency.  They told us that they were reserved for the next Lufthansa flight out the following day.  However, when they reached the airport, no booking was made and although we've called their number, we kept being put on hold and then being transferred for over an hour (long distance from Europe!), when at last we decided to purchase new tickets at the airport.  So evidently they book fake seats, charge high prices for these changes and then won't be available in case of emergency.  I also tried their online chat and every time I was going to be the next one to be able to chat, I'd miraculously get logged off.  This company is the worst!  It lacks any type of customer service, they are not helpful at all and I believe that they are fraudulent.  I bet it'll be a struggle to get reimbursed for tickets that they never booked...ugh!!!
1	If I could give this company 0 stars I would.  This is the WORST company I have ever booked with.  I was "notified" that our flight was cancelled via email and was directed to contact them via phone to book a new flight.  I have called this company multiple times to get this straightened out.  YOU CANNOT REACH A HUMAN BEING!  I REPEAT HUMANS ARE NOT AVAILABLE TO TALK TO. I now am supposed to be leaving for my trip in 1 week and have no return flight.  This company is a total sham, they will take your money and leave you in the dust.  Oh one correction, when I got sick of waiting on hold after 2 HOURS, I called back and pretended i was going to book new travel, surprise surprise, my call was answered in 1.5 minutes.  When I explained what I was calling for I was instantly transferred back to the the black hole that is their customer service.  F__ U_  ONETRAVEL!!! aka Wk Travel #frauds #terriblecompany
1	Too bad you can't give negative stars or zero stars cause that's what this company deserves.  This company has the nerve to try and charge you an additional fee to select your seats for a flight, meantime they can't even guarantee that with paying this additional fee, your seats are assigned!  Frustrated that now I have to sit separate from my family cause of this crummy company and its false promises.  Seems like this company is quick to take your money but not quick when it comes to providing the service you're paying for.  Typical company nowadays that is useless and doesn't follow through on its services.  I will NOT be using this company after this trip.  First and last time dealing with them and I can see by the other Yelp reviews how bad this company sucks!  Not a good look, thanks Yelp for letting me put this company on blast so people might benefit and go elsewhere for booking travel.  Not worth the aggravation....
