2	Meh... this place used to be JJ's Top of the Swamp and has since been recently remodeled.  My sister and I thought we would check it out for lunch.Atmosphere... typical bar... nothing really noteworthy.  Seems like maybe they are still in midst of the remodel... sister noticed the floor near the ladies restroom seemed a bit suspect and in need of some repair.  The food prices seemed reasonable, However once again... nothing really too noticeable about the menu; typical deep fry bar fare.  My sister got the blackened chicken melt... which she said was pretty good.  I ordered the Yeti burger... yes that is correct...Yeti.  It could be pretty good.  The waitress asked how I would like it prepared.  I am at a loss as to why she asked when the burger came out over well done and dry.  It also comes with a fried egg... well... a solid fried egg.  Our waitress was nice and seemed amiable.  Maybe they are still working stuff out with the menu or the cook was having an off day...Honestly, I probably won't go back as there really wasn't anything to make this place a destination.  I hope your experience is a bit better than ours.
4	Needed a place for the Badger Game aired on the BTN. Murphy's fit the bill. Only open a month or so it's got potential. They cleaned up the place pretty nice. Plenty of TVs  7 in the bar area. We had burgers which I thought were pretty good. Plate presentation was the best but who cares.  Pretty good tap selection and the staff was friendly.
4	We were in town for a family event and my children do not live far away from this spot.We had driven up north, returning hungry.I ordered a Veggie burger which indicated it was black bean burger and I added avocado.  The sandwich was amazing: most veggie burgers are aligned with cardboard texture or without any kind of flavor either.  This black bean burger was hot, had some great spices going on and the bun was more of a delicate cross between a croissant and a bun, so very light and tasty. Avocado was perfect, and chips came along side it.My sis had the BLT which was ok.  We brought home a chili which I will enjoy at lunch today and let you know very soon!The staff were welcoming and friendly.  We got to see a bit of the Series on TV, being the Boston girls we are.  The crowd was a nice mix of age ranges and the open design of the place made it nice, not dark and dreary.p.s. we are from a Murphy clan back east so we stopped by because of the name but will return because of the food and the service.  Thankfully we are anticipating a new baby in the family this December/January so plenty of chances to come on by.p.p.s. I had the second half of the veggie burger heated up this morning for breakfast... yes I know... and it was just as great this morning.......Go Murphy's!
4	We have been to Murphy's a number of times. Service is excellent, prices are reasonable, food is great. Their burgers are huge and delicious; the buns are especially good. The sweet potato fries are to die for. I've had the pan-fried walleye several times and it never disappoints. We do prefer to eat in the bar, as the dining room, while quieter than the bar, is overly bright and does not have much atmosphere. However, the great food and outstanding service are well worth a visit to Murphy's.
5	I am glad my family and I stopped at Murphy's for lunch. The owners were a pleasure to talk to, and the food was wonderful. The wait staff forgot to ask how I wanted my burger cooked, so the Kitchen Manager came out and asked. I was being a smart A@& and told her I would like it cooked good. She said okay and The Exploding Pig was just that--very good. Next time I eat at Murphy's, I am going to try the Yedi burger. Nice clean fun bar with delicious food.
4	Nice bar food.  The sweet potato fries are really good!  I had a cheesesteak sandwich, and the beef was tender and lean.  So good!  Much love to bartenders as well. We ate at the bar, and they took great care of us.
4	"I really like this place!  That was her quote after just a few minutes inside this spot.  We are northside Madison residents and watched the transformation to Murphy's but just couldn't get out this way.  We finally did at the end of November.   Great neighborhood bar without a neighborhood.  Might have helped that we were between a Badger football and basketball game, so plenty of fun in the bar.  Great dining are if with kids, but the bar was happening so we found a table.  Nice selection of taps. i went with the Yedi burger.  Outstanding.  Another fine burger with an egg.  Really enjoying these around Madison.  She had the reuben with sweet potato fries.  great, but too much food. :). Already planning a return.
1	Have been here multiple times, and have never been impressed. Probably my least favorite bar around Madison. The only reason I end up their is because I live so close. Food? Terrible. Every time.  The last meal I had their ( Ruben) I couldn't even finish it. It was cold, and so chewy it made my mouth soar. Also, never impressed with the bar tenders. Would not recommend to anyone.
4	This is a fun neighborhood bar. The view of the Cherokee Marsh on a sunny day is worth coming for. The food is very good. I like their chicken roll up and the chili. The menu is interesting and so is the place. At night it's a mix of young and old people having fun. It is a welcome addition on the north side, especially since there is no smoking here anymore. Check it out if in the area.
