4	Being new to the area, I get recommendations from a couple of guys I work with who were born and raised in Baldwin, on the best places to eat, shop, etc.  I was informed yesterday that Danny's has the best Italian hoagies around.  So I HAD to try one for dinner.  It has the perfect amount of meat seasoning and topping.  The onions were a little heavy for me, but being my first time, I took it as it came.  The bread is perfectly toasted on the outside, and soft on the inside.  In all, I was given good information by my coworkers.  I would rank it in my top 3 of Italian hoagies.  Darren W's. review on the pizza sounds great too.....looking forward to trying it.
4	My car must be trained.  Was driving by and for some reason ended up in Danny's parking lot.  These are the same unbelievably delicious Italian hoagies that you get at Danny's Parkview.  The smell in the parking lot started my salivating mouth.  Great big hoagie that has such flavor in every bite.  For some reason even the onions taste better with all the other flavors.
5	I went to  Danny's on a recommendation from a friend whose opinion I  highly value,  especially when it comes to food.  When we arrived,  we were warmly greeted by Jorge and Francesco, who would be making our food that evening.   Since I had been told that this place serves the most delicious Italian hoagie ever made, we got one Italian hoagie to split. We waited a very reasonable ten minutes and it was ready.  The portion was good,  it was enough to fill us both up.  It came with just the right amount of veggies (I got extra tomatoes on my half),  and the perfect amount of dressing. Enough to add moisture and flavor,  not so much it was dripping everywhere.  There was no sogginess  in the bun at all. It was toasted a nice light brown color,  not that nasty halfway toasting that gives no color and makes the bread crusty like it sat out all day. The great service and a variety of Italian meats (warm and juicy but not too hot) made this one if the best hoagies I ever had.  Definitely go there!
1	I'm from eastern PA and NJ...I wanted a simple Meatball Parmigiana sub. for dinner. Apparently Danny doesn't understand what this is or..doesn't know how to make one. I was told they have a meatball sub or a chicken parmigiana sub...but not a meatball parmigiana sub.  Are you kidding me?  How hard is it to split a sub roll down the middle, add 6-8 meatballs (depends on size), red sauce/gravy cover with mozzarella cheese and throw in the oven till the cheese is melted...Danny if you read this you owe me for this recipe!!  Give me a break. I left without my sub and got one from Italian Village Pizza just down the street. Dude this is not rocket science...
5	Best Italian hoagies you can get
4	Some of the best pizza I've had since moving to Pittsburgh. And they have good hoagies as well.
5	Best Italian hoagie anywhere in the known universe. I have been eating these sandwiches for the better part of my life (I'm 45) and I still can't wait for the next one. It's the way they are toasted and the cheese caramelizes--and the dressing is just perfect. Honest to god, I live in CO and this is always one of the reasons I return to visit the town I grew up in. Just get an Italian hoagie here and quit trying to --you can forget the meatball sub guy. Pizza is quite good, too. But get the hoagie.
