5	So I frequent the REIs on the west coast all the time. While in Charlotte recently I had to make an emergency visit because I had forgotten the inserts for my running shoes. As I had a race that week, I had to get replacements and quickly. At first I called around to places close to my hotel. They had no idea what super feet were and just generally annoyed me. When I called REI though, the person I spoke to was very pleasant and knew exactly how to help me. She even put the exact size and product at the front of the store so I could just run in and run out. Anyone who knows me knows that I love to shop so I decided to stay a while and see what kind of shoes they had. The gentleman who helped me was fabulous.REI is known for having some of the best customer service. Their employees are knowledgeable about the products and help you find whatever it is that you are looking for. Plus they have a great return policy. You wore it, you hated it, you return it and get a full refund. I love REI, on the west coast and the south east.
4	Had to grab myself a fleece last winter, yes I know...how did I not have one already? So I went here to grab myself some North Face, yea yea follow the herd.This is your normal REI experience, with plenty of outdoor & sporting gear. Anything on the mountain, they'll have what you're looking for. They mainly have apparel & such, with many name brands to choose from. They also have gear & such, but nothing too extravagant. I wouldn't think if you were a mountain sport enthusiast that REI would be your snowboard, ski, or mountain biking outfitter, but maybe if you're a beginner.REI is a nice change from your sporting goods stores that sell everything for every sport. This place just specializes in outdoor sports which I'm a big fan of, so obviously I'm gonna be a fan of this store.
4	Love going here and looking around. There are a bunch of nice items you can get here for all things outdoors. Some of the prices can be a bit on the pricey side.... but you know you are getting quality stuff that won't fall apart on you after one use.This location is 2 stories. I spent a lot of time looking at the bikes and kayaks upstairs on the top floor.  I even had a nice conversation with one of the employees that told me about their tent sale for members. Their membership is a one time fee but it lasts for a lifetime... for 25 bucks. Not bad. I may join to see what these yard sales are about.
4	Nice staff, crazy huge space and a broad selection. This is definitely my favorite REI in the area. The shoe area is extensive and the climbing area is a pinch better than Northlake's location.REI is an excellent alternative to EMS (for us northern folks). The only problem with REI is I can't ever leave without spending money.
3	The store looks and is laid out great. Not enough selection though to warrant the trip. Can get a better deal with the free shipping and being in South Carolina, on-line is tax free. The store is not near as big or the selection as good as the stores in outdoor havens Seattle,WA or Anchorage,AK which was disappointing.
5	Can I have one of everything please?
5	With as much as I love the outdoors, I cant help but love REI!This truly is a great store, and if you have a membership, you can never go wrong with purchases here.  Why is that? Because of the return policy... if you don't like the way that the product works, looks, feels, performed, etc, just take it back and get 100% of your money back, no questions asked.  How could you ever beat that? Sure this store isn't as massive as the REI's out west.  But for the Carolinas, this store has everything you could ever need. Furthermore, if you want something else that REI offers but not at this store, just have them ship it to the store for no extra cost. All of the employees are great here, and do their best in directing you to the item you need, with a smile on their face.If I could fault REI for anything... and even here, they seem to excel... is their map selection.  I would love to see a better selection of localized maps for the Carolinas.  But truth be told, this isn't their fault, instead its the map makers fault, because there simply aren't many good localized maps out there. If you need anything outdoor related, check them out! You might really like what you find inside.
4	I was surprised and pleased when they opened this store in Pineville, NC and, even though it had been years since I'd shopped REI, they still had my membership on file from when I joined in the late 80s! I still have my first REI down mummy bag that I bought at the REI in Carson (now Malibu, I guess), California back in the late 80's. I no longer use the bag but it's STILL in excellent condition and I just can't get rid of it! I still have a stylish fleece vest and a couple other things I purchased around the same time, also still in great shape. I no longer have these but I bought my very first backpack (an external frame backpack, LOL!), first down jacket, and first pair of hiking boots at the Carson REI. Man, those were really good times. OK, back to the present...REI has changed a bit since the days I used to frequent the first Southern California location...I mean that store in Carson, CA looked like a wearhouse and you'd walk in a there was all this cool outdoor gear...but they still have all the great clothing, outdoor gear, accessories, and a nice, big selection of shoes! And as always, the REI people are friendly and very helpful. I love wandering around the store and checking out everything, and I usually find something that I can't live without! I also like that I can shop REI online and, since we now have this store in Pineville, I can return an item to the store (if a return is necessary) with no problems at all!
5	Stopped in this store to get a few items I couldn't find in Honolulu and was blown away by the helpfulness of the staff.  I spent a good deal of money and I'm completely happy about it.  Wish there was an REI in Honolulu.
5	I think we all know their products are great, but for me, what makes this particular store great, is the service.  We recently went in looking for a carseat attachment for our BOB stroller.  We found the item we were looking for but before purchasing an associate pointed out that this particular model only fits newer strollers, built in 2011 or later.  Good to know - saved us some cash and a return trip since our stroller was either a 2008 or 2009 model.  The associate then called the stroller vendor (BOB) on our behalf without us even asking him to, to see if there was another carseat adapter sold somewhere else that was compatible with an older BOB stroller.  Maybe it was a slow day and the associate was bored, I don't know, but I really doubt it.  We've had similar experiences in here before.  Bravo REI.  Love this place.
4	Why shop at REI? Because when I got my wallet stolen with a REI gift card in it REI researched my claim and issued me a NEW gift card when my claim checked out. Free returns for store credit. No strings attached. Seriously. Even on climbing shoes. Become a member. It is $20 for life y'all. Shop the "yard" sales early. I've scored things such as a $150 North Face down jacket for $30. Your loss girl. The most amazing customer service in store, online and through social media. Yeah, ok. A slight pricey. But shop a yard sale. Get dividends on any regular purchase annually and get amazing customer service. I feel like they are as invested in my new running purchase as I am.
4	Just walking into this store makes me feel outdoorsy.  And let's get one thing straight, I am not outdoorsy.  The store is set up really well, in that it's easy to find things and easy to know if you're in the right section or not.  It has two floors, upstairs for equipment and gear and downstairs for clothing/shoes/accessories.  I went here last night to get a backpack for an upcoming trip.  While I was exploring the backpack section I met Pete.  He was so helpful with figuring out what I needed and being honest with me.  While I was looking, he said "Also, keep in mind that these are all just bags.  They're designed just to hold stuff.  You just need to figure out how much stuff you need to take, and what you want to put your stuff in."  Basics.  I like it.  I was a little concerned about price and size.  (I'm traveling to Ireland and England and want to avoid checking a bag.)  Pete explained the different bags to me and why certain bags have this strap or that zipper.  Who knew that the same backpack came in mens/womens and small/medium/large?  Not this girl.  Not until I met Pete!  I found a bag that I liked and he loaded it with two pillows and 15lbs of weight so that I could feel it with some weight in it.  He showed me how to put it on and how to adjust all of the straps so that I was most comfortable.  And then he gave me space.  He checked on a few other customers, while keeping me in earshot - I never felt like he had bailed on me or like he was rushing me.  (Insert backpacking/outdoorsy selfies here)  It was the most exciting backpack shopping experience that I have ever had!  I am also now a lifetime member.  Apparently there are all sorts of "members only" things going on that I was unaware of.  AND they have a "members only" YARD SALE for all of the returned/slightly damaged/opened packages items that they have.  It's all very exciting, and only costs $20 - for your whole life.  I am now a member for.ev.er.  Some of the items are a little pricey, but when they have a sale or clearance - it's usually a pretty good deal.  Price aside, I love going here.  The people are sweet and friendly, and genuinely interested in what you've got going on.  They also have a ton of community activities and a map on the wall of where shoppers and employees have travelled.
3	Super spendy for workout and outdoor gear. I'm not going to spend $135 for a waterproof outer shell, thanks! Even the clearance rack was expensive!Instead, I found one piece at a decent price at Bass Pro and some other stuff online from Amazon.Buyer beware!
4	The selection at the Pineville NC REI store is almost unending, something for every sport and lots of hiking gear ( which we love ). The staff is very friendly and helpful, no pressure to buy. Relaxed atmosphere. We like that the REI points never expire and can be used at any time, any year. We have used them to buy lots of our hiking jackets and boots. The selection of tents is almost addictive, I have four from there now, who needs that many? : ) My wife often asks....and I smile, me. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the location seems hectic at times being so close to the mall, wish it were off-site of the mall, but for some this may be a plus.
4	I love this REI. We go here all the time and hit the sales racks first for great bargains on all the best yoga and hiking gear at deep discounts. Even boots and runners shoes. But if you want an experts opinion on camping, hiking, outdoor equipment, bikes, etc, this is the place. My favorite REI expert is Al in the Shoe area. He has been there for years and is an avid hiker/runner outdoorsman. He is my go to guy for everything. If you like the store become a member with a one time membership fee you will get a 20 percent off card once a year and 10 percent of what you spent for the year back. Well worth the one time fee!
2	Sure they have a nice gear selection, but their service is awful!  I was given a pair of pants from there for my bday, but they didn't fit.  Because they were a gift, I wasn't able to get a receipt.  I liked the pants well enough, so I drove 45 min here to switch sizes.  I explained the situation to the sales associate on the phone before driving to make sure I would be able to do this.  When I got to the store, I was told there was nothing they could do for me.  Without an REI receipt, no returns or exchanges.  So now I am stuck with a pair of too-small pants and a wasted 2 hours out of my day.  From now on I'll be taking my business to one of the locally-owned gear shops, where they're able to work with me and fix simple problems like this.
5	Fabulous store!   Their n bulletin board is where I found my hike group too! Love this store!
4	REI is heaven for an Outdoor Enthusiast (or for the person that wants to dress like one). This store has a decent selection of goods. Not quite the selection I'm used to coming from Denver, CO. Customer service is always on point! Make sure you get the lifetime membership! It is equivalent to getting 10% off all your full-price purchases.
