4	Target really hit the 'mark' with this one!I wouldn't usually Yelp about Target, but my visit last night brought me to an actual tear, so I thought it would be worth it.  This location wasn't due to open until Sunday, at which time I was planning to tailgate in celebration.  But after discovering their sneak opening on Tuesday, I could wait no longer!  Honestly, after reading yesterday's Tribune-Review article that referenced a full grocery section at the cost of trendy clothes, etc. I was feeling a little blue.  I love Target clothing and am not in need of another grocery store. Because yes, it's all about me.  However, I was pleasantly surprised at the availability of nearly EVERYTHING at this Target.  Not only are the clothing/accessories/shoes sections ample, but the grocery section is GREAT!  Scratch that...CHEAP and GREAT.   Gorgeous fruit; limited, but lovely meat section and plenty of aisles filled with non-perishables and Diet Sunkist (my favorite), combined with the usual run of electronics, health & beauty, etc. make this a really solid store.  In addition, you'll notice that some tall shelves have given way to a more open layout, which is equally as inviting.Here's the thing though...  The most interesting part of my visit wasn't the cool shopping cart-escalator, or the slightly expanded dollar section... it was the mood.  Not my mood, but the mood of the store in general.  Even though this was a soft opening, there were plenty of customers, yet the entire place was near-silent, save for a few shouts of excitement I'll mention soon.  For my part, I was in awe of the organization of it all.  Targets aren't known for being cluttered and dirty, but never before had I been privy to such orderly rows of everything from t-shirts to candles.  Yes, I know - give it time and that's sure to change as throngs of shopper to-be are sure to mess up a candle or two.  BUT, my awe was nothing in comparison to that of my fellow Targeteers.  As I was shopping for a snazzy new bike helmet (marked down to just $13!) I noticed a young woman (probably about 13 years old) walking briskly up and down each aisle. She was on the phone with her mother and when she saw the row of shiny bicycles exclaimed, "Mom, they even have bikes!  And pink ones too!"  She went on to give her mom a near-complete inventory of the store, all the time sporting the biggest grin you've ever seen (and yes, this actually brought a tear to my eye - you had to see her to believe it).  It wasn't just her. Young and old shoppers alike were all a-flutter with excitement at Target's offerings.  Two older ladies marveled at the strawberries (so did I), one young woman shouted to her husband several aisles away "They even have tortillas!" and the comments of surprise and joy continued.  It would be ridiculous to think that everyone on the planet has had the pleasure of visiting Target, but my [very official] take on the statistics of last night's visitors; I would say a solid 90% of them were experiencing Target for the first time...and I can tell you with 100% certainty, they're all going to be back.  From top to bottom this Target screams affordability and is comfortable and welcoming.  The staff I spoke with were all very local; within a few blocks of the store.  And they seemed overjoyed to be there.  So no - it's not curing cancer and I'm not Target obsessed...seriously....I'm not.  But I have good feelings about this place.  People seem happy to visit, happy to buy and happy to have the chance to visit and buy.  Am I making any sense?  If not, chalk it up to a shopper's high.
2	This massive beacon of big-box hope has been teasing the East Liberty community for a while now. I believe it was supposed to be open a while ago, but was delayed forcing us to stare through it's massive glass windows into the empty aisles which would soon be full of cheap, low-quality goods. What could make a Target so super? Will the surrounding area be better or worse now that this new neighbor has opened?I am not a Target shopper, many people in my family are, though, so I've been around quite a few on the East Coast. Yes, this one has a fancy cart escalator, brand new carts, and a well lit parking garage, but once you get beyond that, it's just a target - maybe even a bit smaller than the one in the South Hills. Fluorescent lights, a tile 'race-track' surrounding the carpet-square shopping space, cheap clothes as far as the eye can see, electronics that don't even work right on the display models, and highly processed food. I read about the produce section, limited is an understatement. There was no beauty to be seen as I passed the single standing platform of bagged apples, oranges, and bruised bananas. The prices were indeed cheap - in the nearby fridge there were cherries for something like $3/lb, but most of them looked old and limpy. Oh well, I guess that's why less than half of an aisle is devoted to produce. Go instead to endless supply of candy, chips, cookies and pop which are all by no coincidence cheaper than the produce(but that isn't entirely Target's fault). To their credit, they have a whole aisle devoted to coffee products.. None of it impressive, but it's there.. If you want pre-ground coffee - there is way more selection here than your local grocer.The hours for this store are typical of the area - open until 10pm. The mood in this store is not quite as jovial as advertised - there we no children cheering when I went, but a loud shouting match broke out in the parking lot as I left. Otherwise the clientele are fairly standard fare for a Target you'd find anywhere.Essentially, it's as if they air-lifted any other Target in America and plopped it right down on top of a parking garage and built a cart escalator to get some oohs-and-aahs. If you want to go to Target, then go, but if you have been to a Target before then it is no different than any other. It gets 2 stars for not being awful to look at from the outside.
3	At least it's not a Walmart.Here's what we liked most: It's everything you expect to find at a Target and more, which means everything OR nothing, depending on your point-of-view. But it does have TONS of everything or nothing. Don't believe me? There's a whole aisle of dish drainers AND silverware racks. Normally, you'd have to go all the way to China or Ikea for that sort of thing. It's got nice, big dressing rooms that have 360-degree mirrors, so you can see how funny your hair looks from behind. It's got a comprehensive selection of LEGO toys (if you like LEGO toys), and also larger than average selection of electronics, video games, and housewares. Its $1 section is twice-as-large as most Targets. This Target is also NOT in Homestead, nor is it in Robinson Town Center, something attractive to anyone in 15206, or nearby. In fact, this Target isn't in a strip mall at all! That means I can stroll its aisles with a $3 cupcake from Vanilla, an excellent bakery right down the street, or I can also get buzzed beforehand at Kelly's! Lastly, it's an urban big-box that will promote long-needed (and hopefully productive) dialogue between citizens, the city, and developers about what this part of Pittsburgh could, should, or ought to be.Here's what we liked least: Car and foot traffic. It's got three football fields of parking, but traffic in and out of garage and arterial streets already sucks. Imagine what this discount-zoo will be like fall semester when every student decides they need something lime green or fuchsia for their dorm room. Trash. When we visited at 9:30 p.m. on a Monday night, the trash bins in the parking garage were overflowing, and overflowing with recyclables. There were dirty footprints on the edge of escalators, and sticky hand prints on the glass at Starbucks that overlook the escalators. It appears no one cleans throughout the day. Lastly, we disliked its ponderous size and labyrinth-like interior. Bring your GPS (or buy one there!). There's no map, no greeters, no info desk. So you can spend a long time looking for embroidery thread (they don't have any, or at least none that we could find).
3	Um, no one told me the Apocalypse happened here...OK, I lied.  Maybe it just happened in the produce section.  I really thought this Target was going to make all my dreams come true.  A place where I could buy a hot dress, pick up some unnecessary crap and shop for some fruits, veggies and meat.  All conveniently in one place.  Not so much...I breezed past the clothing section, which as I had heard, was a bit smaller than most to add room for the larger grocery section.  I was OK with that, knowing that there would be a fabulous and shiny grocery section to greet me.  What I found though....Was a post end of days scramble.  A stray apple, some onions and maybe a couple varieties of meat.  It's no Super Target, that's fo sho!  I will say, I did buy some pretty amazing Teriyaki Beef that I grilled up to perfection.  But that was probably the only win.  Oh, that and the awesome cart escalator that made me want to hop in the cart and ride it up (what, no one does that?).  In all honesty, the produce section was obviously cleared out for a reason.  People want this kind of thing in the neighborhood.  Let's just keep up with the demand peeps.  I believe in you big red circle....I REALLY do!
5	I really dig the urban feel of this Target location. Strangely, it somewhat reminds me of the Target we used to frequent in West Hollywood. Even though this is a huge chain store usually reserved for the suburbs, I imagine due to space issues, I like being reminded that I am still in the city while shopping for low priced, good quality toilet paper and Febreeze. Since it has been open for about a month now, the typical new-store-shopper-madness has significantly died down. Everyone who works here seems happy an willing to help, ESPECIALLY the Pharmacists. Wow, they are so nice and pleasant. There is a big open space where you can enjoy a coffee and/or snack, and a big window overlooking Penn Circle. Yeah, there is still a view of construction, but the newly planted trees along Penn are starting to get bigger and it's great to see people walking around and sitting on the new benches.AND.....this location still carries Boots Body Butter, which has been discontinued at the Monroeville location. Best.Stuff.On.Earth! The only other place I was able to get this is at the Boots drug store in London (unfortunately I will not be hopping the pond anytime soon to get some there). :( So....yay, yayyy, yaaaaaaaaay for Target East Libbbb. You nailed it!
5	I've been a fan of Target for ages. From the clothing lines to the extensive body care section, not to mention the awesome kitchen items. Always great products and so easy to find what I want.Now I've got one within walking distance to my house! I'm like a kid at Christmas. I've been there twice now and both times I'm very happy to report that the people who work there have been so amazingly cheerful. Helpful, knowledgeable about the store and where to find things, and never even a hint of disdain or boredom with their jobs.This store in particular has that whole new car-smell thing going for it. Clean, well lit, and um... hi, have you read any of these other reviews? THERE IS A CART ESCALATOR. I, myself, have shown much restraint and have not even once rode down in my cart. I've checked out the food section too. I wasn't quite as stoked about that as there is a Giant Eagle Market District, a Whole Foods, AND a Trader Joe's all within a stone's throw.Long story short, I couldn't be more excited. I'd even go so far as to say I'm tickled over this. TICKLED.
3	Its the new Target over on Highland or whereever this thing is I don't care. Went shopping there with my buddy Terra. We were like "where's the good selection of clothes everyones always babbling about" ...disappointing disappointing disappointing. Oh well just another slightly over priced Target which has been picked through twice over for all the good stuff. This girl is officially sad town. I think Ill just stick to bargain shopping elsewhere I get better deals and a better selection. Plus I think I prefer the Waterfront Target better anyway.
2	I'm not really sure how to write a review for Target - aren't they the same everywhere?Oh yeah - this one has a garage underneath it.  It's a Target.  What more do you need to know?
5	I typically don't like to write reviews about places like Target or gas stations.  I usually don't even read reviews about places like that.  However, this particular visit to Target was EXCEPTIONAL.No, this had nothing to do with staff, pricing, parking, location, hours, or anything like that.  Instead, I got to witness an Occupy Pittsburgh movement occupy Target (temporarily) while I was in the check-out line.  I heard chants in the distance grow louder.  Then even louder, the protesters entered the lobby area of Target  chanting and shouting.  I think the best part was seeing them awkwardly having to wait to get on the escalator and slowly ascend to the main level of Target where they could scream about how they wanted jobs.  Within a few minutes, the cops came and cleared the protesters out of Target.Fortunately, no mace was used.Best Target visit ever.
5	This is, hands down, the best Target I have ever been to.  The amount of different foods and products they have here are vast compared to other Targets I have been too.  Just an example, I found 4 exclusive flavors of Ben and Jerry's that I have never seen anywhere else.  This Target probably has to try to compete with the Whole Foods Market and the Trader Joe's, so that is probably why it is so awesome here.  I mean they have an escalator for your shopping cart!! How Cool!!  This place is huge, and they literally have everything; even a Starbucks.If you need to go shopping and don't need all that organic stuff that the other competitors in the area are offering, come to this Target.
4	A Target in the big, bad city?! Be still my (new) urbanite heart!This one really does give its suburban cousins a run for the money. Huge selections on kitchen appliances, housewares, basic clothes and sundries. And parking is a snap, no mean feat in the city. Now I realize that a big-box retailer like Targey will likely crowd out some of the smaller mom-n-pop stores but... well.. did you see the shopping cart escalator?!
4	I love this Target. It definitely trumps the location at the Waterfront in cleanliness, service, product availability, and more. I love the little Pizza Hut so I can get my personal pan fix. The large cafe area is great, nice and sunny. There is a family restroom which is a big plus.Everything is always pretty neat and tidy here, and I like the expanded grocery section. Sure it's not all things to all people, but for convenience it's saved me a trip to the real grocery store plenty of times. Plus they don't charge a ridiculous premium for that convenience like many other stores would. I have yet to encounter an unfriendly employee (which is hard to believe in this area...) They have a pretty decent plus size clothing section which is great for me. I love how they have the shoe section here compared to the messy aisles at other older locations.I still get geeked about the shopping cart escalator thing teehee
5	My favorite Target!I don't know why it took me so long to review this location. It's clean, has a garage, a produce & freezer food section and even has a Starbucks and Pizza Hut. The staff is always friendly. Every time I go looking for something that's on sale in their weekly flyer they have it in stock.If you have little ones they will love the escalator for the shopping carts that meet you once you've reach the shopping floor and meet you again when it's time to leave. So cool.This location seems to have a better selection of products then the other Target's in the Pittsburgh area. It has a slight upgraded fill to it. Maybe this location is a Tarzae and all of the other locations are just Targets.This Target is just what East Liberty needed not to mention all of the much needed jobs!
3	Let's all admit it, when it was announced that Target was going to build a one of a kind two-story building with windows in East Liberty we all thought it was going to be heaven wearing a red halo.  Now, we can all admit the disappointment.When I had first heard that this location was going to be two stories I had thought that meant two stories of shopping bliss, not one and one eighth story of 'HUH?'  It's just a regular old Target plopped over a parking lot...hmph.  Granted it's shiny, it's new, it's nice to look at.  Not much better to shop in though.  I appreciate the addition at this location of produce, finally giving the shady Giant Eagle across the street some competition on national brands.  But it still doesn't make up for what I thought was going to be pure bliss.I still do have a fantasy of hiding in a cart just so I can feel like I'm flying going down the cart escalator...maybe that's why I fight through the traffic to make it down there.
2	The prices are high, the atmosphere is terrible and everything is red....I will admit that I really don't like Target. But, I feel that I was open minded when entering this store -- they failed the test! P.S. The only cool thing about the store is their parking garage...It is below the store. I wonder why Walmart hasn't tried that idea....
3	I have been to lots of Targets and this one is nothing special.  I know some people are excited about things like parking garages, but all of that is actually standard for urban Targets.  In fact, as far as Targets in cities go, I'd say this one is pretty lacking.  The setup of the store is a little odd, with some sections having a huge amount of room and others being crammed into a tiny space.  The customer service is horrendous--sure, they'll (eventually) do what you're asking them to do, but they'll make you know what a gigantic favor they're doing the entire time.  They never go out of their way to help someone, generally just the opposite, and I almost always see groups of them having conversations when I'm in need of a hand.  Pros...it's pretty clean, it's in a good location (both for getting to it and meaning it's not one of those Targets with another one practically right down the street), and it often has things that aren't stocked at other Targets in the area.
4	This is a great place for a Target in a area that really needed a Target. I like this store. I'm glad it has a privet parking lot and is in a very new area. This store seems to have some more choices then we see at the mcnight store or the other north of pgh Targets. The ppl working when I've been their have been so helpful.
1	I hate this Target. I don't use that word lightly, but that is how strongly I feel about this place. A few of the Targets in Orlando (where I moved from) are like this one in design: two stories, parking garage, escalators for the carts, etc. The one near where I used to live in downtown Orlando was awesome: clean, friendly workers, and well organized. This one here just pisses me off every time I go in. Every employee I've engaged with there on my 4 separate visits has had a "couldn't-care-less" attitude. One employee, when I asked her where a particular item was located, told me it was in section B then walked off. Target is not organized in that manner for customers. Maybe that means something to the workers, but not to customers. It is rarely as clean and brightly lit as, say, the Target in North Hills. And don't get me started on the employees working in the Pizza Hut/Target food areas. I always receive attitude when I order, I don't get it. Target used to be one of my favorite places to shop when I was back home, but this particular one is terrible. Thank God for other locations.
1	I don't understand why they have a Starbucks in this store. I have tried to order basic Starbucks drinks on my last few visits here. Every time I do, they are out of something. The last time they were out of espresso. To quote the barista " We ain't got no more espresso." No sorry, no other offer. Just rude with inconvenienced attitude. A shame to the Starbucks name.  Aside from that. The store it self is what you expect from a typical Target. I will continue to shop. I will just have coffee before I go.
4	Nice target!!! Friendly helpful staff! Clean and organized !
4	Ever wonder what makes a suburban moms wet dream come true? A target with cart escalators and a starbucks!!!Standing on the very grounds where a section 8 housing project used to be! The odd little things I learn as a social worker teehee. All kidding aside this target will make you feel like you're gliding up the red carpet of targets when you step on the escalator, but it has its flaws. Staff can be rude and unfriendly but I can live with it as long as i get a hot coffee, and cheap makeup on clearance. Clothes sell out fast in this location, probably because it is pretty heavily frequented. Its Clean the bathrooms are always clean bonus! Avoid it on Saturdays, it becomes a zoo with lines that rival walmart. Food selection is decent, no you wont find excellent produce or large amounts of every little thing you need, but  you can get MOST things you need and that's a plus. did i mention coffee? the cafe area is nice to relax in and catch some rays on a sunny day. Parking--- don't tell the security dude whipping around on the segway taking his job too seriously but I steal parking here when i want to go to mellon park. Hey the front doors are right by Penn ave.
4	I live nearby, so I was excited that the new Target was built right down the street from me. This Target actually has  a grocery section but it's not a "super" Target. They sell really good gourmet prepared meats and, on certain days, you can get a coupon to get $2--$3 off. My favorites are the stuffed pork chops and the stuffed chicken breasts.  The produce is reasonably priced and better than the produce at the Giant Eagle on Shakespeare. Other than that, this is still your typical Target and the prices are still a bit high. Currently,  Easter candy is 50-75% off at other establishments, but Target is only selling it for 30% off. The staff I have encountered have been friendly and the store is clean and organized. Lately, I have become more cautious shopping over there due to recent events (knife slashing and drug arrests).  Hopefully, no other dangerous or criminal activities will occur in the future.
3	Considering how much we love the chain of wonderful temples to capitalism otherwise known as Target, Inc., I thought we would really like this one - it's convenient, well-located along a major weekend route for us, and much closer than many of the other Target stores.Unfortunately, this one just doesn't fire us up... for a few reasons.It all starts when you have to park underneath the store, which I thought would be a great way to save space and keep your car out of the sun. Unfortunately, it is a somewhat difficult lot to get in and out of, and for some odd reason, seems to make people really, really impatient. I hate all the driver angst I see there when we go - and really don't like the feeling like I'm in the classic video game, "Frogger."Then, there are the cart elevators. Straaange. It's sort of like you are being kept hostage, waiting for your cart to go uuuuuuup, and then doooooown. Feh. They could totally have put long ramps in, and saved on all the electricity that they blow on these unique contraptions that always seem to be breaking down.Unfortunately, I found the overall selection of items somewhat lacking, and we usually have to go to a secondary store to find whatever we needed, unless it's something in the shampoo section or kid section.Don't get me wrong, this is an incredibly convenient store for people who live nearby, saving them lots of time having to hoof it across the river to get to a Target, but it's just not as good as the one over in Harmar, which is quite a bit closer.Now, on the really positive side, it's just next to Station Street Dogs. Did I mention I love this Target?
5	I love this store! Big, clean, and the clerks are great!! I found everything I needed and then some! Open early & open late! Iam so glad they opened a store in East Liberty  The music department has a good selection and great CDs on SALE!    The food selection have most name brands and the produce is very fresh
5	This location has become my favorite Target! Even though it is in the city, it's very accessible, and there is plenty of parking underneath. My favorite thing is the conveyor belt for shoppin carts. After you have checked out, you simply push your cart onto the conveyor belt, and you meet it downstairs. This makes picking up an inordinate amount of paper towels, toilet paper, and cleaning products a breeze.I'm not basing my review on the clothing selection or the food selection (because I grocery shop elsewhere), but for the location, accessbility, and cleaning products/household necessities/toiletries.The prices are always excellent, and I can always find what I need.There is always a big selection/variety of larabars and kind bars, oodles of burts bees products, and plenty of method cleaning products. Needless to say, it doesn't take much to make me happy.The hours are also great as well. They open early and stay open late. The baristas at the Starbucks inside are really friendly as well.
5	I love this Target. Once this place opened up a few years ago, I was on board. Who can deny riding carts up and down escalators? The parking deck is not difficult to get in and out of like other places (cough.... Giant Eagle), and you know you're going to be able to find whatever you're looking for at a relatively cheap price, whether it be food, clothes, house stuff, gifts, electronics, etc. They obviously have it all, and it has been well maintained and pretty well staffed as long as it has been opened. If I lived closer I would be there all of the time.
3	Clean, well-lit, with great selection.  I love the parking garage.  I mostly shop for electronics and housewares.  The check-out clerks are generally very friendly and helpful.  There was  a recent newspaper article about a homeless man stabbing people, but I believe that was an isolated incident, and they have beefed up security since that happened.
1	I have finally decided not to return to this store again because of the incredible rudeness of its employees.  The cashiers, if they bother to make eye contact with me at all, are sullen or even hostile (unless they're chatting with their fellow employees).  Each time I shop there, I feel as though my presence is not only inconvenient, but unwelcome.  I don't know what sort of customer training program Target provides, but the one at this location definitely needs to a refresher course.  There are so many people who want and need jobs: why pay these people to drive customers away?
3	I've never reviewed Target? say what? I'm really in between 3 & 4 stars.. but idk Target getting 4 stars seems a little weird i suppose.. because you really dont find too many "happy-go-lucky employees too often. Once you've been here a few times, the hype of the escalators, parking garage & "new-ness" dies down a little. After all, it is just a Target, right?The clothing department seems smaller than other Target's (for women. The men's dept is super large), but the entire store in general does seem big (I've gotten lost a total of 3 times haha) Nice electronic department and I LOVE Target's home decor (bedding, cool furniture-- side tables, lamps ect-- like something you'd see in Ikea) I've never ventured here for my grocery shopping, but we did take a look yesterday. We found a sale on Red Bull-- a case of 12 for $18 ($1.50/each) Awesome deal, but I had to talk bobby out of it. If he has 12 red bulls at an arms reach, he will drink ALL within a 3 day period. No way! We always stop in for a Coke Icee before even starting our shopping adventure. Fun times! Also, I will never ever be ashamed to let someone know that the sweater they just complimented me on is from Target ;) Their clothes are super cute! (don't even get me started on their bathing suits!! xoxoxo)
5	Fast, fun, and friendly service... all inside a chic building rivaling that of a City Target. This is one of the better stores I've visited and currently the only one in the city that carries fresh groceries.It's a single level store with a lower garage. so you needn't worry about hunting for parking. The interior is clean, well-lit, and extremely easy to navigate. The store offers the same general merchandise as any other Target would, with the exception of fresh groceries as many other stores are still in the process of transitioning into that area. Hence, this is where the focus on my review will be. They offer a larger variety of delicious baked goods ranging from my favorite apple fritter to this awesome madeleine-brownie hybrid cookie. In addition to baked goods, they also carry fresh fruits, vegetables, and specialty deli meats and cheeses. So, they pretty much carry all the basics of a general grocery shop with a few twists here and there.This is definitely my favorite one-stop shop for most of my shopping needs, and all at an affordable price!
3	Let me start by saying I love target! This location has a large parking garage below the building and a Starbucks when you get up the escalator. It has a modest clothing selection and decent grocery department. I don't buy produce but will occasionally buy dry goods. My favorite part of this and any target is the health and beauty. I can't resist a new nail polish whenever I shop. The makeup selection is great too. Staff are all very nice. Returns are easy. My main reason for coming though is the location. Even though I do think some other locations are better it's not worth the drive out to the suberbs for me!
2	Target is great. This Target is large and new. It's also scary as #$%&.I can't stress enough the importance of having a current and updated will as well as life insurance to provide for your family and loved ones. Safe shopping! :)I give it 2 kevlar helmets out of 5!
4	Target is where I go when I'm bored and want to look at stuff.  Clothes, decor items, books, beauty supplies-it's all here.  I don't really grocery shop here because Trader Joe's is down the street, so no comments on that.  I like this Target- hate the parking, but I've NEVER been to a Target with easy parking.  They have what you need and it's much better stocked (and lit) than the Waterfront location:  I hate that Target.  It's not the best Target that I've been too.  Andnthey're actually not all the same.  I went to a Target that had really high end beauty products once and another that had a section that they would decorate with the new decor items a la Ikea.  This Target isn't as good as those Targets but it's the best one in this area.
5	Any target with "underground" parking is my kind of target. I love how late they are open and even though this place is constantly busy the staff has always been really kind and helpful when I was looking for something. It's not in the BEST area of the city but I've felt safe walking at night to this target to get some shopping done.
2	So it's great the this Target opened up in East Liberty. Just beware of the ordering drinks at the cafe. My kids wanted an Icee and as we were waiting for this other family to get their drinks, I noticed a girl licking her cup/lid and then having the spouts touch her saliva slathered cup... basically all the flavors. Yeah, it's not Target's fault that the mom wouldn't correct her kid and tell her to not do that, but when I brought it up to the girls working there, one of the girls instructed the other girl to just wipe it with a napkin. So yes, a refund please and we went with the smoothie instead and that's why I'll go on Yelp to rate a Target.
4	Target has won me over, and kept me away from Walmart. I love the enclosed parking lot for the days that are raining, and snowing. It's my first choice to go to on those days. Nothing worse than going outside with a cart full of bags, and get poured on, or watch yourself go from one color to all white in a matter of minutes with snow. So, thank you Target for that :)I love going up the escalator, and smelling the coffee coming from Starbucks, but I don't drink their coffee. They also have a target cafe that sells pizza hut, popcorn, soft drinks, pretzels, cookies and etc. I go for the pretzel, and drink.They are so well organized. I can always find what I'm looking for. I just wish they had a bigger selection of items for bunny owners like they do for cat, and dog owners. I like how cheap their drinks, and grocery items are.I rarely wait a long time in line, even when they are busy. I love that!! I have noticed it is clean, but not their restrooms. I went in there one time, because my daughter had to go, but she changed her mind. Just like her mama lol. I'll hold it.I recently made a huge purchase with a DSLR camera, and I am extremely happy with it.I go to this Target like 2 or 3 times a week!
3	Very nice. I cannot believe this was my first time going to Target out here...now that I think about it, it reminds me of the one close to Falls Church. The parking lot is very large and has good lighting. And they have security which patrols the area. The inside of the store is equally nice and bright. So the reason for the three stars and not five...the one product I was looking for...they were out of stock. Lose one star. And I used the restroom...although this was cleaner than most, it still needed cleaning. The floor was sticky with something...and most of the toilets were unusable (I will just stop here...do not want to give you a mental picture). Overall if I'm in the area and need something simple, I may return. By all means it beats walmart on any given day.
1	Disappointed. I went to buy my nephew a birthday gift...30% off. Went to the cash register...it rang up as a completely different price. Actually higher than the original price. The price was rectified, but the cashier acted like she didn't want to change it. Nope...won't shop here again. Not only that, but when I asked about a certain size and whether they carry it, I was told if it wasn't on the floor, they don't have it. They advised me to come back in a few days to see if they had it. Blah...they could have checked the other stores to see if they had it in stock.
4	When I was still a newbie to Pittsburgh, I would occasionally (well, maybe more than "occasionally") get lost while walking and driving around Oakland and Shadyside. It did not help that I would usually get nervous and frazzled in the middle of Baum Blvd, Centre Avenue, and Fifth Avenue, the three of the most congested streets in the area."Am I going west? East? Didn't I just pass that Subway? Oh my god, BUS!" *screech*Ahem, thankfully, nobody has been injured on my part. Anyway, I used to always look for this Target whenever I drove on Centre Avenue. If I saw this store in front of me, I knew I was heading east. Thus, Target had become my magnetic pole, allowing me to orient myself in the chaos that is Pittsburgh.Aside from saving my skin on numerous occasions while driving, it has also, quite literally, saved my skin with its vast selection of skin and first-aid products. The scent of freshly brewed coffee from the nearby Starbucks greets me as I take the escalator up from the lobby to the second floor. Many of the departments are well-stocked, organized, and clear of clutter. One exception is the clothing department, where some shirt may have fallen off their hangers or bags of socks ripped open and their contents spewed everywhere. Cleanup on aisle...socks, please?I don't have any complaints about the electronics department. Again, organized, well-stocked, and clean. The employees that are usually assigned there are very helpful and professional. I haven't looked much at the books and magazines that are on sale. I think quite a few of them are discounted 10-30%. The grocery department is, surprisingly, usually quite clean! I would have thought that with all the produce and refrigerated items, there would at least some spoiled products and a fruit fly or two buzzing around. But nope, after my close inspection, the apples and bananas are bruise and fruit-fly free!(Your results may vary, of course, depending on how busy the store is, what the drought status is, how happy the employees are, and how the stars are aligned that day).In the household products department, I can usually find sales and clearances on paper towels, toilet papers, and bath and skin products. They may be not huge sales, but a sale is a sale, even if it saves you $0.50 or so.Overall, this is one of the nicest Target stores I've been to. That being said, getting here and finding a parking space, especially on a weekend, is a nightmare! Why did they place a Target store right at the intersection of Centre Avenue and Penn Avenue, two very busy and congested streets? It will only get busier and more congested once construction on the East Liberty Bus Terminal finishes, new apartment complexes are built, and more stores open in East Liberty and Bakery Square. I'm just hoping the infrastructure also gets a facelift so traffic will ease and make coming not only to this store but also to other places in the area more enjoyable.
