3	My girlfriend and I went to The Hotel Charlotte, last night, to celebrate a belated Valentines.  We got there around 6:15pm and were immediately seated.  I know it sounds like an early dinner, but if you want to beat the crowds in the QC, gotta do it, it was just us, and the Early Bird Crowd...lots of 80+ patrons on this particular Friday Evening.     Before we were seated  we were greeted at the door by the hostess and asked if we would like to sample the wine specials for the night.  Hell yes!  So we chatted with the wine specialist as we sipped some delicious Chardonnay, and Merlot....not sure about the red wine, but it was good.   The Chardonnay was really good, not as dry as I'm used to and with hints of pear and melon more on the level of a Pinot Grigio or a Sauvignon Blanc, but still very good.   Then we were seated, and quickly were met by our waiter.  We started with the stuffed mushrooms, which came out within five minutes, were really hot, and very tasty.  I wolfed my share down in no time.  Then for the entree' I ordered the Seafood platter, fried, and Vanessa got the Shrimp and Craw fish Etouffe.    Once again the food came out in no time and mine was mmmm ...mmm...good.  The oysters were plump on the inside and crispy fried on the outside with just the right amount of flavoring.  the shrimp was also perfectly fried and seasoned, and the flounder was sensational, light flaky, not too greasy, and ideally matched with the tartar sauce.  The deviled crab was just so so, but on the whole I would highly recommend the seafood Platter, fried.  I even had about 6 shrimp leftover that I took home and ate as a snack the next day.  This dish came with a side of mashed potatoes which were fantastic, creamy, with just a hint of sweetness. And an order of sauteed vegetables, featuring :sauteed onions, green peppers  and tomatoes, I even caught a couple of mushrooms sneaking around in there too, very good.   The Shrimp and Craw fish Etouffe was another story all together, the seafood was fresh and tasty, but the sauce.. ugh... the sauce, looked  and tasted like plain old chicken gravy, and the rice could have been cooked a little longer, so I was not impressed  at all with that side of the meal.And the bread, well I think they were using the bread from the day before or maybe lunch, because although the cornbread was really good, sometimes I picked up one that looked like it already had a bite taken out of it, and others that looked like they had been scrounged from another table, so I was not too thrilled about that either.  Not totally grossed out, but wondering why they couldn't at least insist on recycling only the "whole" pieces of cornbread, know what I mean.Still the Seafood Platter is worth checking out, very good.
3	My fiancee and I went to meet two other couples at Hotel Charlotte last night for dinner. We got there around 7:45 and there seemed to be a decent crowd there. We ordered stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer which were pretty good, a little more dry than what you'd expect but still tasty. We also ordered scallops wrapped with bacon for the table to share, two things that I don't normally eat, but since everyone was passing the dish around I figured I'd give it a try - they were actually really good. I ordered cabernet to drink and a few others ordered wine. One of the people who we were with ordered a martini that was excellent - I think it was called the Hotel Charlotte martini, but it was the one with Stoli Raspberry, Chambord and pineapple juice, with sugar on the rim. It was excellent! Definitely not the kind of drink you can order more than one of without asking for a serious hangover!For the main course I ordered their black and blue pasta dish, which was blackened shrimp tossed over fettucini alfredo, which I was very happy with. My fiancee ordered the tilapia with grits which sounded sketchy to me, but once it came out it looked really good and was devoured within five minutes. A couple of others got the crab cakes, and those were pretty tasty as well. We ordered three bananas forster dishes for dessert, and they give you the option of having it prepared at the table which we did. It was cool to watch and a good dessert choice. Our server was friendly and it was overall a great experience.PS -- I forgot to mention the beer club they have there. When you go inside you'll notice all the walls are lined with beer mugs. They give you a punch card with 99 holes on it, representing 99 different beers they carry. Once you hit all 99 your own mug goes up on their "wall of foam" and a donation is made to the hospice in your name -- incentive! ;)
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  Wonderful food, great prices, and pleasant atmosphere.  As they say, it's the place the locals go.  You will see folks in shorts and t-shirts after the race, and you will see folks in tuxes and ballgowns before the show.  Steve does a superb job at making all guests feel welcomed.  Many of the staff have been there for several years, insuring the quality of service never goes down.  Since moving away from Charlotte in 2007, I can honestly say Hotel Charlotte is the one restaurant I miss the most.  A+ in food, atmosphere, and service.  Great beer club too!
4	I went into this place with a sense of dread.  It was chosen by my father in-law and his business partner for a family dinner (yes, the business partner is considered family.)  I feared what 2 guys in their 70's would pick.  Walking into the place, it was exactly what I expected.  Very dark with a 1970's era feel with minor attempts to update itself (3 widescreen TVs.).  The theme was interesting, choosing to look like the lobby of a since demolished hotel in Charlotte (hence the name.) The table was a little cramped for 6 of us, but we managed.  The complimentary mini cornbread was fresh out of the oven and quite tasty (and I normally don't like cornbread.)  For my meal I chose the Chicken Cordon Bleu.  It honestly was probably the best Cordon Bleu I've ever had.  The hollandaise sauce on it is wonderful.  The business partner and his wife had the Jumbo Gumbo.  I assume it's good because they eat there regularly, but man, it was, well, jumbo.  Each one of those could easily feed to people (neither finished theirs and took the rest home.)The wife and I split the DC's Pie for desert,  The chocolate/peanut butter pie was just awesome.  Granted, I'm a sucker for anything peanut butter and Chocolate, but that was excellent.  It takes a lot to get an audible moan out of me, but this pie did it.
4	Four stars for service and three stars for the food. I was in need of a very quick bite to eat Friday on my way to catch a movie. I always drive by Hotel Charlotte yet I never stop - well tonight was the night. My friend and I were greeted promptly at the door and we asked to grab a few seats at the bar since we were in a rush...no problem. The bartender was sweet and chatty and recommend a few menu items that could be made quickly....for an appetizer pimento cheese fritters after all how could you go wrong with fried cheese. Here is an interesting tidbit they use cream cheese to make their pimento cheese here for those of you who don't know its traditionally a mix of mayo, shredded cheese, and pimentos. Well to be honest they were a bit disappointing I was waiting for that crisp fried shell and hot gooey cheese - these were just luke warm the tomato sauce on the side was boring and didn't compliment the cheese at all....next up a huge bowl of Gumbo and I mean huge - I really liked the Gumbo my friend and I shared the bowl believe me its enough to share...I thought it was spicy and delicious. If your in need of a quick meal I would definitely recommend Hotel Charlotte they also had a great selection of beers.
3	Hotel Charlotte, originally called "Danny's Speakeasy",  has been around for over 25 years in the Cotswold area.  It's casual dining featuring "American favorites with a New Orleans flair".  The restaurant has a lot of history.  Hanging on the walls are pictures from the early 1900's, and features the original 1918 mahogany bar and solid cherry valet doors from the original Hotel Charlotte est. 1912.  Great place for a cold beverage or two!  On my most recent lunch visit I ventured out to try something new.  I ordered the buffalo shrimp and grits special of the day and have to say I was a bit disappointed.  There was way too much of the buffalo sauce drenched on the shrimp and on top of the grits.  It overtook the dish.  Everyone else didn't seem to have any problems with their meals.  The pimento cheese burger was demolished as was the smoked turkey blt!  Don't worry, I'll be back....
