5	I went to Canyon Falls Salon and Spa in Scottsdale to get my hair done and saw a brochure offering fat burning  B-12, shots, Lipodissolve, Botox, Dysport and fillers like Restylane and Radiesse. Michele Hunter Aesthetics is located on the Spa wing of the salon. I needed to get my lines erased and some energy. Michele Hunter RN was professional and informative. I purchased a B-12 shot and did Dysport. I loved the results and the price was great. I will be back in 4 months.
5	I have been seeing Michele for 6+ years from her former location.    Everytime she is very detailed, doesn't rush.  She takes the time to explain about the product and is very objective.  I'm impressed that I have never felt a sales pitch or pressure.  She will offer advice on more or less when necessary.  I have also read other reviews where one said she will work within your budget too.  Her work is art.  I would definitely see her again and recommend her to a friend!
5	She is my secret.. I have been going to her for two years now.. 1. Credentialed 2. Talented and has a very good eye.. Without that you can forget injections of any kind. This  is the bottom line of results.3. She does not oversell! She gives you what you want and not what she wants.. She will make suggestions but does not push more services..she doesn't need to do this. 4. Very kind and not snooty! She is a really nice person.. Ok I hope I can still get in!
5	I have been a customer of Michele's for many years. I go to her for Botox, juvaderm, and B 12 injections. She pays attention  to detail and takes her time. She is honest about what I need or don't need. She will never sell me a product to make money. She keeps her prices competitive. I am always satisfied with the results and I would recommend Michele Hunter's service to anyone looking for a more youthful, attractive appearance at an affordable price. There are many places to chose from in Scottsdale for beauty services but I wouldn't go to anyone but her.
5	Was going to purchase a Groupon for services, but checked out the reviews on Yelp first, and was very glad I did, as both Companies were rated very poorly.  Saw that Michelle had great reviews, so I clicked on her website and she had some specials as well.  Not as cheap as the Groupon, but oh so worth it!!!  So very happy with her work, and how she explained everything and am more than happy with my results!  Will definitely be going back to Michelle for more services!
5	Michelle is a spectacular find!!!  I was new to the use of fillers and Botox.  Michelle did a wonderful job!!  She explained everything and made me feel comfortable. Previously,   I had read about potential concerns and side effects with these treatments.   With Michelle, I faced no challenges or concerns!!  She has an excellent touch and eye!!!   I am and will continue to be a loyal follower.  I even invited my mother to join me for Botox and fillers.  So very pleased!!
5	I've been having fillers and treatments for a few years.  It was difficult to relocate to the desert and find a aesthetician I could trust.  I trust Michele.  I agree with another Yelper, Michele is my secret, too.  She offers many services and she is professional, knowledgeable and friendly.  It's simply the best when others can't discern you are seeing an aesthetician.  When I let tell them about Michele, they want her contact info!  Note Michele's new digs are south of Shea, off 91st Street.  She's moving on up!
5	Look no further than Michelle... I have been to many, and she is BY FAR the best and extremely reasonably priced... I have been going to her for over two years now... Knowledgeable, professional and hysterical!   You won't be disappointed....
5	Michelle is not only extremely professional and knowledgeable about her services, she's very sweet, has a lovely office environment, very affordable and I have been thrilled with the results of her work. Will definitely keep Michelle Hunter on my #musthave list!
5	Michele is extremely professional and knows her stuff. I would recommend her to anyone and will be back to see her again!
5	I met Michele when I was looking to add some fullness to my lips. What I appreciated right off the bat was her directness and honesty: she felt my lips were too small at this point, and that filler would look un-natural. Michele said there were better ways she could enhance my appearance, so I listened.Later, I had some fillers done under my eyes and along my mouth and chin. Michele knew exactly which product to use; was gentle, professional, and thorough. She examined me carefully, took her time and made sure I was happy with the results. I feel wonderful: tens years are gone from my face. She has a lifer in me now!If you are considering any procedures, do not hesitate to make an appointment with Michele Hunter.  She will give you her honest, well-educated opinion, explaining exactly what can be done to keep you looking natural and refreshed! I trust her implicitly.
5	Michelle is an expert at what she does She is always friendly and personable I have referred a few people to her and will continue to do so.
5	Michelle was very knowledgable in skin care and will provide great results.
5	After moving to Arizona from out of state, I didn't know where to go for botox and fillers. After reading Michele's reviews I thought I would give her a try. She listened to my explanation of what I was trying to achieve and made suggestions that were different than what I thought I needed, but ultimately were the best choice. She was very knowledgeable, helpful and professional, and her suggestions actually saved me money. I will continue to use Michele and highly recommend her.
5	I'm so pleased!  I'm a runner,  and work out a lot.  I've had botox about 5 times.  The last two b4 I found Michele,  did not work, at all,  not even for a week.  Both injectors ( one a plastic surgeon,  the other a dermatologist) told me my metabolism was fast and I'd always have an issue with botox and other fillers.  I wasn't willing to throw in the towel,  and after finding the reviews on yelp, I thought I'd give this one last shot.  To my surprise, not only did it work,  it's lasting!  It's been almost two months and it looks great. I'm going back in a month to get my under eye hollows done. I learned so much about the product,  and left feeling educated on the procedure as well.  I'll never go anywhere else.  Thx!
