4	I've been to Aromas twice this week. First I went with a friend during the week and then back on Saturday. Both times I had the lunch buffet. The food is fresh and delicious. I don't eat much meat but my friend does and enjoyed both the goat and chicken. She can't eat wheat and found much to enjoy. The vegetarian selections were more than ample for my tastes. The naan was particularly fresh tasting. All for $5/$6 on the weekend. All the staff are really nice. I just noticed that one reviewer mentioned that the water is filtered. A nice touch.
4	just found aromas last night, really good stuff all and all and helpful staff was great. the only reason i cant go 5 stars is because of the setting and the plate presentation. if they made it a little more comfortable and presented their dishes to be a little more pleasing to the eye i would go 5.
5	Alexis and I have been looking for a replacement for Jewel of the Crown of old.   After many years we have found one.  No - we haven't found it's replacement, we found one that is better; much better!  Here is how the food goes:The Naan (traditional and garlic) is great!Aloo Tikki is the best that I have had anywhere!I am not normally a fan of the Paneer but even I thought it was good.Chicken Tikka Masala was great!  Normally I am a fan of a much creamer version but I have been converted.  This was so good, we got an order to go for the next day.Lastly, their Chicken Tikka reminds me of just how good this dish is supposed to be!We also ordered a side of rice and some ice teas and they also were good.They make everything from scratch so be prepared to spend 20-30 minutes waiting on the food.  Iced Tea costs $1 per glass so no free refills.  A much better deal than spending $2.75 at other places.This old adage of "the hole in the wall family restaurants are the best!" holds true.   In our opinion, this place is one of the best restaurants and absolutely the best when it comes to Pakistani/Indian cuisine!
5	I first drove by Aromas at the Islands and I thought "What in the world is that place?"  Could it be some type of Aroma Therapy joint? A Head shop? And those were the only two questions that rattled around in my head before I moved on to the next shiny object. Then one day I was shaking the living crap out of the UrbanSpoon Application for my Iphone and it came up again.  This time I was told that it was an Indian/Pakistani restaurant.  Hmm... Now I am intrigued.   The next day I am there. When I walked I saw, a very small place that can seat about twenty or so. It has some very basic decor and some mirrors on the wall.  The tables are covered in a lacey plastic tablecloth that is in turn covered in glass.  This all screams local restaurant and I am already falling in love.  I have a seat at a table and begin to realize that I have no clue about anything relating to Indian food.  Sure, I recognize the word curry but that is it.  The nice waitress puts up with my questions and did not make me not feel like an idiot.  I ordered and I tried to remember the names, but I couldn't. So I will describe them to the best of my ability.  One item looked like and giant Slim-Jim and the other looked like bunch of red stuff.   My descriptive ability sucks. They also brought out what looked like shiny wagon wheels with red dust on them.  These things were awesome.  They tasted like toast with egg-yolk on it. I almost ate them all.  When the dinner arrived, the chef came out and said "hi".  He brought with him some Yogurt Chutney (Ha. I remembered something's name!)  This stuff tasted just like lotion.  So I did not eat anymore of that.  Everything else was amazing!  I fell in love with Indian food and the flat bread Naan (Double HA!  I remembered two things.).I went back two days later for the lunch buffet.  The same Chef came out to greet me and he instantly remembered me. That is awesome. (Granted, I was wearing the same clown outfit with horns as the first time, but he still remembered me.)  You can really tell when a place cares about their customers and their business. Aroma's wants you to come back and they want to make your experience at their restaurant one worth repeating.  Neat.
2	Alert... Alert.... Alert.... Boowee...Boowee...Booweee.Something has happened! Something has happened!I have never seen any place take a dive this fast and this is coming from a man has seen The Hunt for Red October a million-zillion times.So I was cooling out, maxin and relaxin and I thought "I am going to go and get my Aroma's on".   I rolled up, check my shades and entered the establishment. The sweet and mousy waitress from my first few visits was there and I knew something was up from the moment that I walked in.  She had the thousand yard stare, she looked right through me.  Since my last visit she must have seen things that would ruin even the most hardened of people.  McCain, that pussy, he ain't got shit on this girl. She knows pain. What could have happened?  She took my order and charged my card.  Then I waited, and I waited some more. Then just when I thought that I was done waiting, I waited some more. It took a full thirty minutes to get my takeout order.  I would have said something. But what do you say to someone who is clearly on the edge?My food finally comes.I leave.I get home.I put on the Daily Show.I open the container.  My chicken curry contains exactly 3 pieces of chicken.  Monkey Balls!  What?  It took them 30 minutes to cook 3 chicken nuggets in a Curry Sauce? Dive! Dive! Dive!Then I ate the little tiny pieces of meat. I realized then that they were mostly bone and not a big bone that you could actually separate the meat from.  It almost seemed as if they actually cracked chicken bones up into splinters and then jammed them into the meat.  It was like an Indian version of the ol' razor in the apple trick. I took a bite and chewed and right before I swallowed I felt the knife like bone get stuck in my throat. I panicked, "Oh no! Chicken bones are bad for dogs, Therefore, they must be horrible for humans!" I start to really panic. I cough, I drink, I swallow,  and I jam my fingers down my throat.  This is how I am going to die, watching The Daily Show and choking to death on a chicken bone.I soon regained my composure and got over the chicken bone. I managed to choke it down, literaly.  It  is currently making its way through my digestive system, and I  hope no update will follow.  Just then the sweats hit me.  This food hit my gut and made it feel like a bunch of hippies had eaten the brown acid and then were dancing around in my stomach and on top of my soul.   I truly felt horrible.I curled up in bed and attempted to sleep on the evil that had invade my body.  The good news is that I lived to write this review.  The bad news is that there is a rogue chicken bone lose inside my body.Aroma's what happened? You used to be so good.  You used to make me happy on the inside.  I fear you are in your death throws.  I wonder what little restaurant you will become next.
4	sadly, aromas has closed.
