1	Went here on a Groupon type deal.  The deal was too good to be true and as is with most things in life, that is correct.  I rolled up to a very old looking and dated "salon". My nail tech was 30 minutes late. When she did arrive, she and the owner gave me a lesson in what I wanted done. Fine. Then, it took 4 hours to get done what normally would take 1.5 AND IT ONLY LASTED ONE WEEK!!! My nails literally started to lift and come off and when I text the pictures to said Nail Tech, she told me she was booked and couldn't fit me in. Do not go here! Waste of time and money.
5	I love this salon. It's quite and cute. The owner and nail tech is the best nail tech I've ever had or been to. She's so caring and sweet. I also love the hairdressers. Meagen is the best cosmetologist ever! I've never had a bad experience at this salon and I will continue to go back because I like the environment because its down to earth and I feel comfortable there
5	This salon is so personal I love it. It's very small and quiet and a great place to receive a hair service or nail service. The environment is very relaxed and calm. The owner and nail tech Jennifer is a very caring person and AMAZING nail tech. I've never been disappointed when she does my nails or toes. And the hair stylists are just the sweetest thing. I definitely recommend this placeTo someone who wants quality service and also a personal experience. It's not a walk in walk out place like great clips and the nail techs won't yell or be mean to you like at the Vietnamese nail shops.This place is awesome
5	Oh please! The previous reviewer has no clue what she's talking about. Jennifer, the owner and lead nail tech, is top notch. She will do whatever she can to see that you are satisfied and taken care of.  I've been going there for nearly 8 years and never once had one issue with my nails and pretty much get compliments every time on the finished product. Jennifer is consistently booked week after week and has hired another nail tech to help with the new customers. Seriously... if it was truly as bad as the previous reviewer stated none of that would be the case and her business wouldn't be growing. If you are looking for a snooty, fancy pants, look down their nose at you type of salon, then you probably won't like this place. It's a warm and inviting place that treats you like family. You won't be disappointed...and definitely not a waste of your money.
5	This is a great place! Definitely check it out. Jennifer, the owner, is awesome and the salon has a family like atmosphere. I've been going to Jennifer about 8 yrs now and I look forward to every appt. it's like therapy :). Give this place a chance. You absolutely won't be disappointed!
