4	This place used to be Ashley Manor and I was super excited about it opening. Although I had already booked a place for  our  wedding,  I just had to take a peek at the newly renovated venue. They have done a wonderful job so far. The garden area offers many different ceremony locations and the reception hall was big and beautiful. The Brides quarters and the Grooms quarters were separated and roomy with a huge kitchen included. Loved the place and the people. Leslie and Chad were fun and had great customer service   I wish the business much success.
5	I am a wedding planner and have passed by Bella Rose Estates a zillion times so I decided to attend the Open House tour yesterday. I was astonished from the moment I walked through the gates feeling as though I had stepped into another world. Chad was my tour guide and was very friendly, and chock-full of ideas and suggestions. The lovely waterfall, foliage, arches, giant birdcage (for the creative, fun couple!) and 2 acres of space are spectacular. There are so many special touches in this place, such as a walkway to do your unity candle, communion, sand ceremony, etc. in front of yet another waterfall. When he opened up the grand ballroom I thought tada!  It is so spacious and elegant. I loved the coffered ceilings, chandeliers and the serenity I immediately felt due to the pallet of colors and design. Also, the chair seat covers can be changed to any color - fabulous touch! Inside, the Manor keeps the flow of the grounds in elegance, warmth and style.  It's a great place for the immediate family members to take a breath and relax before the exciting marital journey begins. They even have a large kitchen area if you want to bring munchies etc. to nibble on before the ceremony.The well-designed bridal suite is one of the largest I have ever seen with lots of ceiling to floor mirrors, comfy velvety sofas and a fireplace.Bottom line, check it out - it's an amazing place!
1	What a tragedy.I'm getting married. To all my fellow bride-to-be's, may God not put you through what I just went through with Bella Rose Estate.Let me start off by saying, this was my dream wedding location. Everything was perfect; I fell in love with it as soon as I saw it. I called right away and had a lovely one hour discussion with Chad, one of the owners. I explained this would be a unique type of wedding, as we are Middle Eastern and have different customs and traditions in our events. He was very excited to work with me, and I was even more excited by how smooth this was all turning out to be. We talked cost over the phone. He explained the two different packages - one is an all-inclusive package and one is a DIY package for brides who have to alter certain parts of their wedding due to culture, cost, whatever the reason. You basically rent out the venue, and the rest is yours to play with. I knew I would most likely have to go with the DIY package due to our differences in culture (cuisine, decor, entertainment, etc.) and this didn't seem to be a problem. I explained the wedding would be 300+ and he mentioned the max capacity would be 300 guests, for $xyz. Perfect, I thought. I made an appointment to see the venue the very same day.I arrived and he was there to greet me, and showed me a grand tour of the establishment. I was even more in love. My heart was set - this is where I'm going to get married. After viewing everything, we sat down to discuss the terms. After bringing the cost sheet and other material, I saw the same price he had given me earlier for a guest count of 150 guests. Curious, I asked him how it can be the same price for 150 and 300... to which he explained, "no, for each additional guest above 150, there is a charge of $x per person." Calmly (but panicking on the inside), and without accusing him of misleading me, I asked if the $x per person can be waived. He said he would go inside and discuss with his wife, and would be back shortly. Mind you, the cost difference was HUGE.It all went downhill from there.After discussing with his wife, they would not waive the $x fee per person. So, I had to remind him that the cost he gave me over the phone is the cost he is showing me for 150 people... even though he was giving me that same cost for 300 people. In what seemed like a horribly scripted part of a movie... he replied, "I know. I forgot about the extra charge." At that point, I found myself pleading with him. I told him I was 1.)in love with the venue, 2.) drove an hour to meet with him, 3.) had my heart set on this place, 4.) told that 300 people would be $x cost, and 5.) this was not good business ethics. If you tell a bride a price - that's the price you stick to. No excuses... especially not, "I forgot." Even though he was in the wrong for misleading me and giving me false information, he would not correct it. They dismissed me without any apology and I left heartbroken. I would never, ever recommend this place to anyone. Some people might say... well, just pay the difference if you really love it. But, it's a matter of principle. If you tell a bride-to-be a certain price for the number of guests at her wedding, you can't come back and say "I forgot to tell you..." without correcting YOUR mistake. I'm back on the hunt for another venue and I honestly wish I never saw this place to begin with.
