4	30 bucks for a full service wash and oil change I am sold.  Good deal. Whats even more awesome is the coupons you can get in the paper, online, and after the wash.  The lube shop is quick, and they wont try to sell you unecessary things.  The free full service car wash is a plus.  Why would anyone go to a stand alone lube shop when they can come here and get an awesome wash and a oil change and not spend 2 hours.  Total time for my trip was 25 minutesIn the time I got a full service wash plus interior (included tires and rims)Oil Change and Filter33 bucks including tax.
3	bought $35.95 oil change and free wash...I watched the same technician who drove my car into bay wipe dipstick with his HAND to clean it off, then wipe hand on Uniform.  this is absolutely unacceptable!  The car went through the wash and came out with a nice, large , OILY boot print on the carpet of my new Honda.  NO PAPER FLOOR MATS WERE USED!  I asked for manager and Rodney (who said, "I just had this happen to another lady an hour ago with the same boot"...well, why didn't you FIX THE ISSUE THEN????) took good care of us, had the carpet shampooed and the oil came out.  I use this wash often and love the carwash part, but not sure I would ever have my oil changed there again:(They do a particularly good job on windows, leaving no streaks and using air to blow debris out of console and cup holders, etc...very detailed!
5	Took my '08 Toyota Tacoma here for an oil change and wash. Justin did a quick check before changing the oil and found that my oil cap was missing (apparently the last place I took it didn't tighten it all the way) and my battery was loose (probably just from off-roading). Since he couldn't do the oil change because of the missing cap he topped off all fluids, reattached the battery, and sent us through for the free wash. The only thing he charged for was the replacement battery cap ($6). When my new oil cap came in I stopped back in for the oil change. I also needed a new air filter - no surprise there - it hadn't been changed in a while. By the time all was said and done I paid $65 for the oil change, air filter, and free wash.They were pretty busy when I stopped in the second time, so it took about 45 minutes, which I think that's a reasonable amount of time given experiences at other places.
5	For just $5 you can skip the interior cleaning and get a "basic" was which allows you to run through the main show.  They may call it basic, but my car came out of the wash cleaner than a baby's butt.The whole system was pretty efficient, except for the entrance for the skip-the interior-cleaning located on the far right.  From entrance to exit, it took less than 5 minutes.  Overall, I'm pretty satisfied and would return to try out their interior service as well.
1	I believe Goodyear has three car wash facilities that I'm aware of however I cannot recommend a single one.  Car Wash #1.I took my car to Super Star Car Wash and after assuring the gentleman that I did not want to replace my windshield several times I was able to discuss my car wash with the attendant. I asked for the most comprehensive car wash minus the "greasy coating" they apply to the interior of the car. The assured me a clean car without the greasy finish. Sounds good on the surface, so I pick-up my cleaned vehicle and the interior looks like a greased pig! Never again will I patronize this facility!
2	Convenient and nicely priced however, the windshield will still have bird poop on it and we have the package that is supposed to include wiping the wheels and we.always have to remind the workers and even then they don't look like they bothered.
5	I had a traveling emergency this afternoon with a carsick kid. I don't live in the area and asked a guy in a parking lot if he knew where a car wash was. He sent me here. Though they had every reason to turn me away, they were 20 minutes to closing, they agreed to service my car. For a reasonable price, they took me in and agreed to customize a car detail to my needs. Everyone had a smile on their face, and though it's taking them past closing they were good enough to help a mama out. In the car service world where women are often taken advantage of, I feel like these guys cut me a break. This is better than my Lysol wipes and paper towel job could ever do in an emergency. It's now 20 minutes after closing and they're still working for me. THANK YOU SUPERSTAR CAR WASH! I will be able to finish out the last hour of my drive without gagging. Just inspected it...FANTASTIC work! No trace of the horrid smell. It's out of the cracks crevices and carpet. Bring them your business.
5	We take our cars here, they do a pretty good job for the price.
4	Had a groupon and went to this location after bad service at the 99th & McDowell location.  Everyone here was friendly and did a nice job on our truck. Will definitely come back.
1	This review isn't for the car wash, which was included in the oil change service.  The wash was decent. I went here because I had a coupon for a $29.95 oil change that "included" the $11.95 car wash.  Spoke to a tech, who wasn't even supposed to be working that day.  He was just "helping them out."  Of course he tried to up sell everything.  Being that it had been a while since I actually had service, I got the air filter that was suggested and had my fluids filled.  I opted to not get the other filter that they offered, or anything else. At that, I left spending $50.  NOT END OF STORY. A day later my check engine light comes on.  Of course, I think this is weird, being that to this point I've never had issues with my car.  It was too much of a coincidence for me.  Went to a local auto parts store, who ran a diagnostic check on my car, and had errors coming up in my EVAP system.Take it to a mechanic, and one of the two hoses that triggers this error is completely unattached and the other is loose.  Whether or not this was done intentionally or accidentally, this should NEVER have happened.  Maybe I should have known better than to take my car to a car wash place to get my oil changed, but I will NEVER come back here again.  And have warned others to follow suit.
5	I wanted a full interior clean out of my car - these guys did a great job and completed the work quickly.  They cleaned up years of kid stuff and even got out some paint that had spilled in the back of the car.  Very friendly and efficient service.  These guys aim to please!
1	HEY MANAGER!!!! READ THIS!!!!! I find it amazing that this place is still in business. Went there for a car wash, they said it was done, I walked out to the car to discover that they didn't wipe the wheels down, they only dressed the drivers side tires, the antenna was sitting in the passenger side seat, the mats were just tossed back and not re-clipped down, the front was still covered with bugs and when I pointed this out to the "manager" he said "we don't have enough people there and that was as good as it was going to be". Really? WOW, I would have been better off having my 10yo nephew clean my car.
5	Gettin the wifey Betty Boop's H3 hooked up at our neighborhood spot! This place rocks..  I gotta give Justin The Manager of the oil/lube shop AAA+, job well done guys!
1	I have taken my vehicles here for years, the service has steadily declined in quality. I took my Lexus here about a month ago, decided to have rugs shampooed, it looked ok at a glance, but the next day I noticed the back passenger side rug was orange with soap residue still and my carpets all turned almost black instead of tan seemingly overnight because they did not rinse them properly. Next time I went in, I paid for super star wash, car went through came out, I picked it up and as I drove away noticed the consol was filthy still, they had not wiped down my doors as usual, and as soon as I turned my radio on  kupd was literally blaring in my ears, I hate kupd (no offense) I was livid!!! I went back through, talked to the manager, they ran the car through, cleaned it again, and tried to clean the rugs, but could not get the stains from whatever they used previously off. Thanks super star, you really know how to keep customers, ruin their carpets and provide horrible service for a high price.
1	They damaged my car and lost my cup holder. The manager Mike blamed both on me and said he could not help. Very disappointed. Also, I noticed several missed spots. Forgot to wipe rear view mirror, over shampooed the carpet (disgusting smell), and the list goes on. Horrible service and don't care for customers at all in my opinion.
1	The only place in town where your car comes out dirtier than it went it.  Don't waste your money here, it's awful.  There was dirt still left on the outside of our car, and the inside was filthy from someone's dirty hands.  They didn't vacuum or wipe anything down.  I can get a better car wash for $5 elsewhere
4	Love it.  In and out in less than 20 mins.  4 stars due to they missed few bird poop spots.
1	THEY STOLE our iPod out of our car and as we went in to complain, there was another man in there saying all of the change was STOLEN out of his car. Then they apparently signed us up for their "monthly" program (without our consent) and charged our credit card over and over. When we called, they werent much help. We had to drive there to physically talk to someone to get it straightened out. We didnt get our money back, we just had to "cancel" our monthly subscription that we didnt even want in the first place. They also left a big black streak on the front of our glove box and they couldnt get it out when we brought it back. They just said it was our fault.... Um, HOW? It wasnt there before we brought it to you!!!!! We will NOT be going back here.
4	Follow up from my pre purchase of a detail...so I finally went back and even though I had to pre remind the manager about the numerous bad reviews about this car wash and I was taking a chance, I would say they have redeemed themselves.  My truck looked great!  Everything inside was cleaned as promised.  Nothing was missing (well I did take my change, etc out BEFORE - why temp anyone?  If you don't want it stolen, then take it with you before you leave your vehicle)One more thing...if you paid for the detail of the inside of your vehicle, don't expect miracles and perfection on the outside.  It wasn't anything special but I didn't pay for it, so I wasn't disappointed.I am please and will take my vehicle here again. :)
3	Raincheck....close convienent just don't get nothing fancy. Regular wash is ok. They really push for a mega wash.  If you keep going you may realize you have enough points for free wash or oil change. I joined the club. I really don't go much so I was surprised to get mine free. No limit on rainchecks lol but who had time to keep going every day within the 72 hours. Of course I asked that. Sometimes it's nice to have a clean car.
1	This is the second time I come here, the 1st time was OK. I just tried out again and this time was just horrible. They had my car done with 10mins and it was the worst wash I've had done my backseat where still dirty and the carpet was not vacuum only the small carpets,  my middle console was still unclean and the front grill of my car was still dirty. . Save your money and go somewhere else
1	To whom it may concern;My wife went into the supersar car wash on dysart and van buren. The attendant at the front tried to upsell my wife to get the interior cleaned. he said there were some scuffs on the seats. she said she would just have someone wipe off the seat with a rag because that is all it needed. He wrote on the window of the vehicle "do not touch the inside" so they would not do as my wife asked. It seems to be very petty to do something like that. she was even willing to borrow a rag and wipe it down herself. When she went inside to discuss it with the manager, he gave her $7 off. It was kind of a slap in the face being that we have been going there for a long time and have spent quite a bit of money there. I can promise that something so menial will definitely keep me away from there. I would even drive much further away just to avoid them. Little things in the world make a difference. I guess I am old fashioned.
2	While I have been a customer for over 5 years, I am growing more and more displeased with their service.  I have the monthly drive through service, and on more than one occasion, they have a sales person at the front, stopping all traffic so they can try and get another sale. I have no issues with selling, just trouble with them doing it while 10 cars are waiting.  I mentioned this to the assistant manager, and he said "oh well, that's how we do business".  That's how we do business????  I'm sorry, but that is asinine.
1	Ok seriously this was the worst car cleaning I've ever had. They hardly vacuumed out my car and didn't bother to clean my center console. Sure they are fast but I'd rather have them take the 30 seconds it takes to clean inside a little...seriously, is that too much to ask for since I'm paying them $20. Ugh I hate when I waste my money.
2	Im giving to stars because of the clerks inside other than that were should i start for one pushy attendants when you pull in to front after rude Mexicans everywhere yelling and screaming being unprofessional mistreating cars peeling out and speeding its not even there car i drive a lowered bmw  E36 the fucking idiot damn near almost peeled out in my car then ran over the speed bump going fast in a performance car which cost money we all know tips is not going to help pay plus they need to take better car of the car since its not theres plus why would a kid drive your car anyways so if you plan to come to this place just keep driving use the 20 dollars for somethin better
5	Love the seating area, computers,  and fish tank. They do a great job, and ate polite and helpful. I appreciate attention to detail. Easy in and out.
1	Went there for the 1st time, today.  I had a money mailer coupon for a full service wash.  I told my service adviser, Jason I wanted the full service wash on the coupon.  He asked if I wanted to upgrade for a couple dollars more.  I said no.  He said I didn't have to be rude about it.  My car a RAV 4 went off for the wash and I went in to pay.  I noticed a $1 charge on my bill for an over-sized vehicle.  I asked the cashier what their definition of an over-sized vehicle was.  She asked what type of vehicle I had.  I told her a Toyota RAV4.  She checked and said a Toyota RAV4 is NOT an over-sized vehicle.  I then asked her to remove the $1 charge Jason had added to my bill.   Makes me wonder how many other customers' bills have this added $1 and people just accept it.  Was this pay back from Jason because I said no to an upgrade?  Or is this a sneaky practice Super Star Car Wash uses to pad a customer's bill?  My car was cleaned but I'm on the fence about using this car wash again.
2	Been going to this car wash for 6 years. I've come to expect less than impressive full-service wash quality from there. I keep returning because there are really no other full-service car washes around and I don't mind spending a few minutes cleaning what they miss. I would advise not paying for the "better" washes. They will still do a sloppy job vacuuming and cleaning the dash/accessories. Over the years, the manager has given me a few free car washes because they just seem to forget to clean the inside sometimes. One final con, sometimes pressure from up sales is rediculous e.g. Windshield replacement, detail service, head light restore. Yesterday 4/22/2014, they guy tried to make me feel guilty for not accepting his "amazing" up sale offer. I told him I needed to stay in budget this time, he said, "so do I". : (Now not all is negative. You will be in and out pretty quick especially considering how busy they can get. The oil change service is good (they will up sale but will be honest regarding how important the up sale service is).Finally, they do a fantastic job detailing. Expect to leave your vehicle there all day but it will be like new when they're finished. The guys doing the detail have a lot of pride in their work and aren't satisfied (even after tipping) until you look over everything they cleaned. I've used their detailing 3 times. Each time was among the best I've seen.Bottom line, full-service is quick but very impersonal and sloppy-poor quality. Oil change service is decent/good. Detail or specialty service is outstanding!
4	Nice seating area and decent prices on the convenience store area. I will have to agree with many of the reviews here though. They hit you up on all kinds of extras and also auto glass repair. Nice guys but you just have to say no to them and they will let you go.. When it comes to the car wash they are ok but have really fell off in cleaning my truck. When i paid for the detail I had to have then go back over the truck a few times to get it right. I know it pissed the guy off but I wanted it done right since I paid for itI could have gone 5 stars without always having to keep on them to wash and dry truck right. Because they can't I took a star off the rating
2	Had detail done 5 hrs and still not good. Had to come back and spend another 6 hrs to get it good enough. Always busy Friday thru Sunday. Don't leave anything you want to keep in your Veh! They cleared out my change holder. Extra $4.00 tip I guess
1	I honestly wish you could give zero stars. DO NOT purchase a monthly car wash from this company. My son has literally been trying to cancel it for months.  We went in the first time and cancelled. Went the next time and got documentation of the cancelation. Still being charged so finally had to have the bank get involved and pay for a stop payment. Its absurd how they handle this problem, I called corporate and they said he was still using the pass. That's pretty difficult when his trucks transmission is out. This is a complete scam.
2	You can get good deals here.  However, you have to always point out things that they missed.  This is the only full service place in the area and we have come here ever since moving to Buckeye.  Had a detail done today on our Sorento.  We went to pick it up and an hour later after pointing out all the wax missed and the bugs still on the mirrors and grills the vehicle looked good.  The one thing that I can say is that if you point out the issues they take care of them.  Really for the prices paid you would think that it could all be caught from the start.
1	AVOID THEM.  they do not honor there coupon prices      coupon for oil change was for 19.95 with free car wash   then they added additional fees  that are not stated in there coupon.    took them 23 minutes to remove the extra fees    now you might say it is only a few $  but if you added 20% on to each thing you purchase it get rather pricey.       Now remember i didn't write there coupon they did.  If they are unhappy with the price of the coupon raise the price  instead of using a form of bait and switch.  If companies would just learn to charge a fair price instead of adding hidden fees they would get my business more often.     Will not use them again
5	I have read the other reviews and had a different experience. Yes, my oil change was more than the coupon, but I have a brand new car and Brandon explained to me that I needed the synthetic oil or my warranty could be voided.  I also do not have to get the oil changed as often. Anyways, EVERYONE was super nice to me, it was very quick, and the car wash (basic free with oil change) was acceptable.    I will be back!
4	So far, the experience has been good. I am getting the full car wash plus a wax. Watching the guy who is waxing the car, he does care about his work. There were a few interruptions, on his part, with his work, but he is on a roll. They told me it would be 1.5 hours. He finished within the hour promised. The only complaint would be on the vacuum service and the conditioner they put on the seats. Not thorough.
1	Horrible place! Shady business practice!! Do not take your car here unless you want it ruined! We used to go here regularly and the service was so-so...we kept going back because it was a convenient location. Until one day, the guy moving our car backed it into something and dented the back of our car. We saw it and immediately freaked out, asked for the manager and all we got was the shift supervisor who said he has to get in touch with the manager...after a whole lot of runaround...we even called the goodyear police but they said it was an accident on private property ( the car wash) and they would not be able to come out. We went back the next day, got more runaround....to make the story short. We had to contact our insurance and even with the major insurance company backing us, we weren't able to collect on the damage done to our car.They simply denied causing the dent. The General manager, Scott, is the biggest liar of all. So no surprise to us that they hire a bunch of shady people to run the business. We will NEVER use this business again and advise you all to do the same.
2	Took my vehicle there for detailing after moving here from across the country. Car wash and detail turned out good, so I prepaid for my other vehicle with the intention of returning. When I got into my car I opened the center console to get something and wouldn't ya know - they stole all my change!!! That took some deliberate effort since it was underneath receipts and other things. Talked to the manager, Mike, who said I would be refunded. Almost a month later and I'm still getting the run around. Hope you enjoyed that $4 tip cause you arent getting ANY more of my money!!!
1	Took our 1 week old 2015 car through this POS car wash and it tore a hole in the front bumper. They will not accept responsibility and wrote up a report that said the bumper was dented and that nothing on their machine touches where the damage is. Are you kidding me??? There is no dent, it is a hole and your machine touches the front bumper, in this exact spot, many times during the wash cycle.My wife's boss went through this place and it ripped the mirror off his truck and they wouldn't take responsibility for that either. The manager said many mirrors get ripped off but it is only faulty mirrors and isn't caused by their machine. They have been happy to take my money for the last seven years but won't do the right thing when they damage your vehicle. Now I have a brand new car with a hole in my front bumper.NEVER AGAIN will we use these crooks.
5	Great Car Wash  Clean Everytime
2	Paid for the $27 wash for my new car, wasn't any better than the $5 express. Inside door frames not wiped clean, bug marks still on mirrors, drips and spots when I got home, it's in the details when you pay that much and they were lacking.
1	This place does a great job for standard car washes and light cleaning. When it comes to up selling these guys are total jerks. But, if you want to see total unprofessional conduct, up sell hype, and people being total jerks. Come in with a ding or scratch or light crack, or blemish on your windshield. These people will turn into total a crazed meth head looking for a hit!! How many times does it take for them to walk away???? Who knows, you literally have to walk away and hear the hackling from some jerk demanding your insurance information and saying you will get a free car wash. They do great work for car washes, but their up selling and unprofessionalism towards their customers is unreal.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. The guys were nice enough when you drop your car off. You expect that they are always going to try to sell you a package or at least up sell your selection for wash. The wash however was the worst I've ever had. Over $20 and the inside wasn't wiped down well at all. The wheels were still all dirty. The insides of the windows had streaks. The outside was just ok. I was in a hurry and didn't take a very close look until I got home. So completely disappointed in the quality and effort by them.I had to come home and spend another 30 minutes of my day fixing what they can't do well.
1	Save your $20 and spend ten minutes hosing off your own car, and skip the rude people. Terrible customer service and poor job cleaning the car. Very disappointed. I had to spend ten minutes cleaning what they missed. Won't be back.
