5	Dr. Bennett and Body Wise Chiropractic are known for their flexible scheduling and office hours as well as personalized service for their patients. I am always warmly greeted at Body Wise Chiropractic and have found Dr. Bennett to be interested in my overall health, not just as my health relates to my chiropractic care. Dr. Bennett has been instrumental in my recovery not only through my initial treatment but also in routine preventative care.
5	I first started seeing Dr Bennett in November of 2008.  I had some lower back pain and some issues with my achilles tendon.  She typically doesn't see patients in her office on Tuesdays but she called me back quickly and told me she could meet me at the clinic in the afternoon.I have seen several chiropractors in my day but none have been NEAR as thorough as Dr. Bennett.  She took the time to explore my history as well as my current needs.  She really cares!!One of the reasons I picked Dr. Bennett is because she was versed in Active Release Technique (www.activerelease.com).  I had read good things about ART and wanted to see if it could help my achilles and calf muscles.  Let me say I've been very impressed with the results.  In addition to my achilles, Dr. Bennett has treated my shoulder and tennis elbow with success in both cases.Lastly, Dr. Bennett does practice what she preaches.  She has experience as a personal trainer and pilates instructor.  She's in great shape and it's obvious that fitness and overall health is important to her.  I prefer to take health and fitness advice from someone that "walks the walk".If you are in need of chiropractic care (and we ALL are), I would HIGHLY recommend Dr. Bennett and BodyWise Chiropractic.  I will be leaning on her for my health needs as long as I'm in the Phoenix area.
5	I would highly recommend Dr. Bennett without reservation. She listens and responds to your condition with attention and care. She was instrumental is helping me recover from extensive surgery on my foot. The result of my surgery was a loss of balance and a painful gait. Her skills and treatments enabled me to regain my balance and strengthen my stride. That was six months ago. I felt so much better that now I return every two or three weeks for an adjustment and I feel so relaxed and de-stressed afterwards! Thanks, Dr. Bennett!
5	I was referred to Doctor Bobbie Bennett a over a year ago and was impressed from my first visit on.Dr. Bobbie takes the time to check in with you on each visit making sure that the personalized treatments are working for you. She also takes the time needed with each patient. For example, last week I had a simple question about my posture and she showed me stretches I can use to improve it (I guess I sit in front of a computer too much!) I was impressed that she took the time to physically show me the different stretches/exercises and explain to me why my shoulders were rolling in. My last chiropractor would just do the same few adjustments and move on to the next patient. This is not the case with Dr. Bobbie - she shows how much she cares with every visit.I feel so lucky to have Dr. Bobbie as my Chiropractor and have recommended her to several friends that are still also seeing her.As the other reviewer stated, the office is lovely - if you leave a message, they respond immediately when they get to the office. They make it fast and easy to "squeeze" in a visit if needed and the office hours are very balanced so that you are easily able to make an appointment and get in. She also runs on time with her appointments - so it's nice when I run over on an office break to get adjusted that I know what to expect. I will continue to see Dr. Bobbie Bennett - I realize how much my life balance has improved from getting adjusted by this outstanding, professional chiropractor.
5	I have been going to Dr. Bennett for a while, for regular adjustments. I always feel better after the adjustment. She is always willing to take the time to discuss any concerns or questions. Appointments are easy to make, her office has hours that work for anyone and the office is a relaxing environment.. Dr. Bennett is very knowledgeable about insurance and what is covered. I highly recommend Dr. Bennett
5	Dr. Bennett is a miracle worker. I've been suffering from chronic shoulder pain ever since I was in a car accident a little over two years ago. I had been seeing another chiro for a while, but he didn't really seem to hear me when I said how much it bothered me. Of course, every doctor has their specialty and not every chiropractor focuses on soft tissue issues. Dr. Bennett does. Which, I think makes total sense. Even if you get an adjustment, how can you truly benefit from it if you don't work along with the muscles and connective tissue surrounding the bones to get them to support your adjustment? You'll just end up slipping right back out of place as soon as you walk out the office. So, that's what I love about this doctor. She truly has a 'holistic' approach in my opinion. Not only are her adjustments gentle and effective, she has really helped both my husband and I with our soft tissue issues. I now, after only 4 treatments, have much more fluidity and mobility in my shoulder (even my pilates teacher noticed a difference!) I no longer have to stop in mid-work out because of shooting pain. Now, don't get me wrong...the actual treatment can be rather painful (especially if you have had an injury) but the expression  "no pain, no gain" is espcially applicable in this case. You may not walk out feeling super great, and you may need to ice, however, you will definitly see a long term improvment, after only a few treatments. Dr. Bennett has definitly improved the quality of our lives. Thank you Dr. B!
5	As many of you know, when it comes to finding a chiropractor, you need to find the one whose approach fits what you are looking for in a treatment style.  When I left the Bay Area, I also left behind Dr. Colgin, who did a fantastic job treating me and my family.  Here in Tempe, I needed to find someone who could help us in the way that was right for us.  Thankfully, it actually didn't take me long to find Dr. Bennett.Both me and my wife have visited Bobbie Bennett so far and are very pleased not only with her overall effectiveness in terms of pain relief, but also her personal, friendly approach.  When my wife's arm locked up, Dr. Bennett was able to bring back a good portion of her range of motion back in just a few visits.For us, she's a keeper.  We're not the only ones who think this way--just look at the other reviews she has.  Both my wife and I enthusiastically recommend BodyWise Chiropractic to you for all of your back care needs.
5	Dr. Bennett  got me through my pregnancy when rib and low back pain became debilitating. She's Webster certified - something any mom to be needs to demand in a chiropractor - so she knows how to handle the changing and growing pregnant body. She even has comfy pillows that allow you to lie on your belly - something you really come to miss!  I've continued to go to her for weekly adjustments since the birth of my son. She always listens carefully to my whining and knows just the right adjustment to use to help me. She has even helped me with my TMJ and wrist problems. I am a chiropractic junkie, and have tried many others in the valley since moving here five years ago. Dr. Bennett is the only one to earn my trust and continually meet my needs. She will be my chiropractor for as long as we live in Phoenix!
5	Dr. Bennett is a rare find and I treasure her! Having been a former professional dancer and  seeking out Chiropractors that can intuitively get to the root cause and give you a full treatment with different modalities and have a genuine and kind approach is hard. Dr. Bennett is all of that and more...she wants you to get back to your full potential and that's her intent....she tailors your treatment just for you and to the challenges and obstacles that you are facing with a relatable and very down to earth nature. (She immediately felt like a friend and someone that understands and is more motivated to get results for you during the session than a cookie-cutter approach to keeping you where you are).....BRAVA! ......to anyone who finds Dr. Bennett......you have already discovered your healing...now make the appt. and put it into the 'physical' body.
5	My husband and I were in need of a new chiropractor after moving here from out of state.  I made an appointment with Dr. Bennett after reading the other yelp reviews and her website.  She took plenty of time to learn about our conditions and discussed her techniques with us prior to our adjustments.  Dr. Bennett was easily able to find our areas of pain and tightness during the adjustment.  My husband and I both walked out of her office in amazement and agreed it was the best adjustment either of us has every had!  We are so excited to continue treatment with Dr. Bennett!!
5	Dr Bennett has been great! I found her because of yelp as I am 28 weeks pregnant and wanted to find a chiropractor who is knowledgeable about pregnant women. She has been extremely flexible with her schedule and mine. I went in because I was unable to move my neck and had bad hip pain, and after the first week I felt great!
5	I found Dr. Bobbie a year ago, and she is great!  I love her demeanor and that you can text to schedule appointments.  I don't want to go anywhere else ever again!
5	I went to see Dr. Bobbie when I was having really bad neck pain and headaches. I had three bulged discs in my neck and lots of muscle spasm to go along with it. The adjustments she gave me really helped and did the trick when I needed it most.  I would recommend her to anybody, she is a great adjuster and I've tried many. thanks Dr. Bobbie!  I'll be back
