4	I've passed by this place so many times before thinking it would be a good idea to stop in some day and see what they had. I finally stopped in and found out it was, indeed, a very good idea to do so.While fish & chips is front and center of what they do, they also have sandwiches, burgers, chicken wings, shrimp, and more, mostly deep fried. But, I had to go for fish & chips. If that's what they're going to build their business around, it had better be good.It is. I chose the cod (you can also have whiting, catfish, or tilapia). The fish isn't processed, it's cut from filets, and it's hand breaded then deep fried to crispy perfection.Also had the clams and mushrooms, both deep fried, and both very good. Their fries are a bit limp, but that makes it easier to sop up the vinegar if you decide to go tradtional on your fish & chips.Next time I'm driving by thinking it would be a good idea to stop in and get dinner, I'll be more likely to do exactly that.
4	While waiting for my car to be serviced across the street, the BF and I decided to walk over here for lunch. From across the street we saw about 5 cop cars in the parking lot and my BF said "It must be good if there is a bunch of cops eating there" lol.I got a basket of 2 pcs fish (cod)  and 3 pcs shrimp and the BF got the 3 pcs fish (2 cod, 1 catfish) and 4 pcs shrimp. We also got a side of hushpuppies to share. I like how you can choose what type of fish you want (cod, catfish or whiting). The fish batter was light and crispy. It wasn't at all greasy which I was afraid of. It was long pieces of of fish filets, not no weird square shaped patties. I was very pleased with them. It came with tartar sauce and a spicy red sauce. I liked it with the red sauce more. I got to taste a piece of the catfish and thought it was quite good, as well. It had a cornmeal batter and was comparable to what you would find at most southern restaurants. The shrimps were also tasty. They were of decent sized and cooked nicely. Hushpuppies were yummy, too. Our baskets came with fries and a drink. The fries were seasoned with seasoned salt. Nothing fancy but they were fresh and crispy. Our meal for two cost us about $25. Pretty good value. I would come back here if I'm in the area. Yup, definitely go where the cops go. lol.
5	I have been to many fish and chip place in the valley,but all of them are sub-par. They all either have low quality fish or generic batter and are proud of their product! I thought I had a decent fish & chip restaurant called Mandy's and that's just what they were "decent" but 10 times better than Pete's. Then the Brother in-law of the owner of Mandy's opened a Fish restaurant called "Maryln's".     Maryln's fish is top quality and they have a option of the regular seasoned corn meal batter or the owners special seasoned pancake batter!! The seasoned pancake batter is the BOMB (very good)! The fish selection is also great. choices from cod, catfish, whiting or Tilapia. If you order a fish sandwich then your really in for a treat. the bread that is used is baked fresh everyday in the bakery that is in the building! No other (and I mean no other!!) fish & chip place uses fresh baked bread. The fries are seasoned well and taste great! Plus there are many other seafood and non seafood option to satisfy anyone taste (burgers, shrimp, wings and desserts).  Now on to a important part, The SERVICE. The regular staff is mostly family members, another woman, and a helper/ guard. When the Owner is there then your in for a real treat. He is extremely friendly with customers often times giving out free sample to customers if they are unsure of his food! He actually cares what you think of his food and will change something if you don't like it. Once when I walked in he was in a meeting with a beverage distributor. He was unsure about what new drinks to ad to his offerings, so he actually asked me to join in on his meeting with the distributor! He asked me which of all the drinks he had a option of would I drink if he carried it. I chose Snapple and he told distributor to start bringing Snapple with his regular shipment! Talk about having customers in mind! He also like to chit chat with customers and get to know them. all around great guy and sometimes funny.  The restaurant itself is kind of in a bad location due to the fact you have to do a U-turn to get in the parking lot when heading northbound. also parking is limited but once you get inside you will be very delighted. The restaurant is  very bright and clean. even the restroom is clean! There are 2 huge flat screen tv's on the walls. Plus The employees are happy to hand over the remote so you can watch something you'd like to watch! Easy to understand menu and large selection of drinks and great food what more can you ask for? For the hands down best place to get some fried fish head to Maryln's!!
4	Great fish and shrimp.  We ordered the cod and shrimp.  Generous portions!  The service was great and very helpful.  I was confused about the breading on the fish though.  We ordered the batter but it seemed like we got the corn meal coating instead ... however, it was good all the same.  I would definitely make the trip to Maryln's again.
4	I don't go eat fish and chips too often but this food was pretty good. I got the catfish, fish and chips plate. It was very good. The food came out in a hurry. The fries weren't anything special, i wish the seasoning was sprinkled more generously.  The workers and maybe owner, not sure. Where nice people and talked us up, gave us some 1 off coupons. I want to try different things they have on their menu as well.The catfish was good, came out freakishly hot and be warned, don't bite into it, break a piece off and attack cautiously. The breading wasn't in excess, it was enough to give that flavor and crunch, but didn't over power my catfish flavor. They have tilapia, whiting, and shrimp as well. Their vinegar tomato sauce deal, was eh.... and tartar sauce i wish had more kick. That is what really prevented them from getting a 5 star. i will come back because it is right next to my work, i love little mom and pops like this.
4	Went here last night. Place was not crowed at all. Wondering what it would be like. They have 4 choices of catfish, talipia,cod and whiting. We had catfish and shrimp and cod and shrimp. It was all very good. Best catfish I had in a long time. The fries were not real good. The shrimp was good. We also got the fried zucchini. That was the best I have ever had. I will be going back very soon. I recommend this place except for the fries.
4	Hard to imagine that as good as Marilyn's is that there are only ten Reviews here. Okay, so the neighborhood is not so good, but I have been there in the morning (11 AM), afternoon and evening and all is well. Just now Reviewing and NOT certain why I have waited so long. Maybe I just didn't want share. The fish? OMG, the best! Have had all three varieties of Fish (Cod, Catfish and Whiting) but being from Boston, COD is my absolute favorite and this is the very best "Fried Cod" I have ever had. Don't generally like Catfish, but Marilyn's is terrific! Want to try ALL three, get the three pieces with one of each and you will know which to order next time. The Owner has tremendous pride in what he does and obviously, that can be seen in his "Product." NOT fond of the Tartar Sauce, but doesn't matter because the Fish is so extraordinary. Unlike most Fish and Chip joints in Phoenix, the do NOT use the same batter on everything. Makes a BIG difference. Can't go without ordering Fish and Chips, so have only had Shrimp as an additional Menu Item and they were excellent.You just can't go wrong and if you are like me, you will get a craving every couple of weeks. FABULOUS!
5	FRESH, FLAKY, FLAVOR this is how I could describe the FISH! I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem of a restaurant here in my old neighborhood.  I currently live in Seattle and have been spoiled by the fresh seafood of the Pacific Northwest.  I actually think Maryln's is better than anything I have tried in Seattle.Soem have made negative comments about the fries.  We have been here twice and have had 2 different kind.  Once, wafftle, the other was thick cut.  I have no problem with either. they were both great.The young man (son of the owner) working the drive through is a customer service oriented worker.  We had time to chat a bit, since all orders are made to order!!!!!!!
4	I was headed to a more familiar fish & chips place down the street for a snack, and then noticed that the police were eating lunch at Maryln's -- usually a good sign in my opinion. So I stopped in at the drive-thru where the very polite owner took my order. His son (couldn't have been much older than 12) then greeted us at the pickup window, and he too was very nice. When the owner realized that we hadn't actually offered fish, he insisted on adding a complimentary piece to our order so we could try it. I thought this would mean a small bite, but nope; it was a full fillet of tilapia. Service was all-around excellent, especially for a drive-thru experience.I drove off happily with my clam strips, okra, and tilapia, plus chicken nuggets with fries for my son. Everything was quite tasty, including the spicy cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, and the ranch (it's the runny style that I prefer). I shall most certainly return, and next time I'm ordering fish. Oh, and I learned from a neighbor that the name is indeed a typo -- owners decided they liked it that way, so they ran with it. Ha!
5	My wife and I were in that part of Phoenix and she really wanted Fish & Chips.  She cooks a lot of fish at home so she really knows fish.  We went in and met Sam, the owner.  Very friendly gregarious man.  Also we noticed a group of what appeared to be local men having lunch and just shooting the breeze.  Very friendly atmosphere and very clean.  Well, the fish was GREAT!  GREAT! GREAT!, and combined with the friendliness of Sam you can`t go wrong.  VERY REASONABLE PRICES.  Also, I was told that Sam uses the highest quality ONCE FROZEN WILD CATCH ALASKAN COD.  This fish is straight from the Bering Sea, no preservatives, no fillers.   Highly recommended that you eat there tonight and you will surely make it a habit!David J.
4	Stopped by a restaurant on Camelback to pick up some of their Teriyaki sauce and met the owner. He proceeded to give us a card for a complimentary meal and told us to give it a try. We loved their flaky, delicious fish. Their were extremely courteous. Treated us like family and they have a Grade A from the Health Department, which is wonderful in my books.  The establishment was so clean and didn't smell of fish. We are definitely new customers.
5	Mike from Chandler, AZI work in South Phoenix, and I found out from a local in Phoenix, about Maryln's.I went and got to try out some of there food is real good.  A place I would recommend when driving down the street South Central Ave.  They make there food fresh to order and have a nice selection of things to chose from the menu.  The food is reasonably price.  If you are in to seafood give them a try.  Maryln's is worth it.
5	Living in South Phoenix, I have seen restaurants come and go, but I was glad when Marilyn's Fish and Chips came along a few years ago.  By its name you may think this is a place to get fish and chips, which would be true, they do sell fish and chips.  In fact, they sell wonderful fish and chips.  But that isn't all you will find on their menu.  Marilyn's also has wonderful Bar B Q and Hot Wings as well.  There are also a wide selection of sandwiches to chose from such as large amazing hamburgers and Guru's.  Whatever you chose Marilyn's quality of food is excellent.  So what are their prices like?  Well, if you get quality you have to sometimes pay for it.  They aren't as cheap as say going to Jack In The Box or McDonalds, but for what they give you and the portions they give you their food is still a good value.  I can highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the South Phoenix area.
5	It's so good here... We would go to Pete's fish and chips, but by far this is soooooo much better. Will be coming here forever and ever.... The quality and quantity you get for the price you pay it's unbeatable.
5	The lunch specials are a steal and the appetizers are awesome. Love the fish and chips the most though!
4	I visited Maryln's fish and chips on yesterday after finding on yelp. As a native Californian, I am always looking for a food fish place and so far this has been my best experience in the valley. I had the 3 piece catfish special with the fries and it was very tasty. The restaurant is very clean and open ans the staff is friendly. I will definitely return.
5	Very tasty cornmeal  crusted catfish..Extra star for the super friendly service by the young lady who took our order. My brother and I are LE retired, we noticed the neighborhood is a bit risky with more than a few opportunists hanging around outside eye balling people looking for weakness..Be alert , and get some tasty fish..
3	Was really excited to try this place.  Ordered fish and shrimp plate, side of okra, onion rings, and clam strips.  The cornmeal breading was not seasoned.  The clam strips were good.  The okra was bland, which was disappointing as that is a favorite side dish of mine.  The shrimp cocktail sauce was not even a quarter of the way filled in the tiny cup, but was tasty.   Overall I thought was okay.  There wasn't really anything that was delicious and stood out as something I would crave to go back for.
4	a great fried fish that I've been tried for a long time! Worth to try for sure!
3	I tried three things here: fish / shrimp / wings.  Added a side of coleslaw which sadly ended up being my favorite part.  Here's why: it is indeed possible to cook something in oil without completely saturating it.  When you have soggy fries, soggy oily fish, decent shrimp and fresh crisp coleslaw - it's not hard to understand why the only thing not fried was my favorite.  Of course I knew everything was going to be deep fried - but if your oil is fresh and you pay attention to your temperatures, these things don't happen.  They were friendly and the food was prompt, but in this case that's just not enough to sway the vote.
4	Best fish I've come across in town with prices that demand repeat visits. Puts pretty much every fish and chips place I've scoped out in Phoenix to shame. It's an eccentric mix of southern style fried foods, tasty Philly cheesesteaks, superb pastrami and the most heavenly fish and shrimp.   Although, it's an iffy place to stay in and eat because even with amazing food, tidy interior and great folks behind the counter offering excellent service there's this guy who "works" here that just skulks in and out of the place that keeps turning the TV on and off to drown out people that make the mistake of sticking around to talk. Not clear what he does other than scowl at people and make the place tense, but the food is absolutely taking the trip out to pick up and thankfully they have a drive thru to bypass going inside.
2	To me this place wasn't that great. I ordered a two piece catfish and the batter was super thick, staff were inattentive and no where to be found. It seemed pretty popular as the parking lot was full. I didn't even eat half my meal before I got a little disgusted for spending the money and hopped up to toss the mess in the trash. I'll pass and stick to Pete's Fish and Chips!
5	Best fish and chips in town. Very clean environment  and the service is even better. Fresh fish. Recommend to anyone! Try the philly fries !
5	This place is a gem in South Phoenix. Their fish and chips are really good and I love their seasoning. The Philly Cheese Steaks are amazing. They have a drive thru, in case your scared of the hood.
1	My wife and I ate dinner here on 10/12/14 we both ordered the catfish combo and she ordered some oysters on the side food was not good at all catfish had skin on it. And was rushed cooked I will never eat here again
5	They have great service! Their cat fish is the best fish in Phoenix. I've gone to Mandy's down the street but it just isn't as good as Marilyn's! I'll be visiting again soon.
