4	Located on a quiet block in Montreal, Byblos has plenty of local business. We walked into this spacious, family-owned restaurant only to be greeted by friendly host. Then, the owner himself came out to give us a rundown of the menu with passion and of course, thick Persian accent. He recommended we ordered the set menu for 4, which includes appetizers (bread and 4 dips), 4 entrees and 4 kinds of desserts. We accepted without protest. The dips are outstanding with flavors including yogurt with cucumber, beans, garlic and another meaty one. They go perfectly with the warm house pita bread. For entree, we got chicken, lamb and beef and they all come with different style of rice. I love lamb the most because the rice is the tastiest but also the lamb is cooked to tender and flavorful. We ended with 4 types of puddings and sorbet in a martini glass. I really enjoy the cucumber sorbet because it is truly refreshing and unique. The restaurant is lovely with Persian arts on the wall and you don't feel rushed or too loud dining inside. I enjoy the food and company here and would recommend to tourists and locals alike.
5	One of my favorite restaurants close by. Have been here for lunch and dinner. The cucumber soup is fantastic and the restaurant is truly authentic. Try the dizzy on Sunday's if you have a big enough appetite. It's an amazing lamb stew. Even if you have something else, it's really neat seeing how the crowd changes from 20 something hipsters and young families to little old middle eastern men and women. Almost always the same people on Sunday early evenings.:) never been for breakfast  but after reading the reviews I'm definitely going to give it a try. love, love, love.
5	After Safran, in Nice (France) this is my second favorite Iranian restaurant outside Iran. Of course I still prefer my mom's dishes when it comes to hedonistic pleasures, but Byblos is not only about eating. You have to understand that Byblos is a concept restaurant: restaurants in Persian culture are strictly in a diners style. We go there to eat, which is fine... But, one goes to Byblos to meet friends, have a nice conversation in a cozy environment over a pot of finely brewed tea, pick up a book about Middle East and leaf through it, even work, and have some Mezze-like or snack-like light/raw meal and eventually, if one still feels lacking on sensorial pleasures, goes for a main dish. The meals are by no means the most authentic, most delicious, or most copious Persian dishes you can get for your money in Montreal, but they taste homemade and real. I agree with the other commentator that they use more natural and less processed ingredients. I give four stars over five to their food, but overal I love the experience, whether it is for a get-together, or a date, or just having a cup of tea while checking emails. By the way, the patron is quite friendly and keeps checking on the tables to see if they miss anything, just like a Persian host.
4	Nice~ It's so different with the other BRUNCH I had before. Should have a try.~
2	Not outstanding service (pretty cold), the pastry was awful (pie). For that price I would have expected something much better....
4	Love this place!If you go for breakfast, try the feta omelette. They make it the persian way and it is absolutely delicious. Their jams and marmelades are awesome too and come in different exotic flavours.Lunches and dinners are good too, but i prefer the breakfasts.Deserts are also unusual and to die for!Service can be a bit slow sometimes though, so don't be in a rush when you go there.
4	Decent food, decent prices, good service, wonderful tea, great ambiance and overall a lovely restaurant.  Come here if you're looking for a relaxing place for afternoon tea and snack.  Bring a book or read from their selection of books or magazines (recent National Geographic, for example).
4	This place cozy and serves delicious Iranian cuisine!  The owners were friendly, and we enjoyed the trio of yogurt dips with flat bread to start, and split the Dizzy stew, which they only make on Sundays.  The owners were eager to show off the Dizzy and explain how to properly serve and eat this delicious lamb stew.  Very affordable, and highly recommended!
4	I've been here for brunch a few times and agree with most of the Yelp reveiws that this is an unusual resto. If you are not a local it is a great place to people watch the Plateau Montreal scene.The menu is very interesting and requires a bit of study if you are not familar with the Persian food. The Feta omelette is a standout, creamy and flavorful and prepared like no other omellete that you may be  accustomed. The many other items that we tried were all tasty and "exotic",but, I must say nothing to write home about.The portions were plentiful lots of bread to fill up on and reasonably priced. So while overall its four stars its only three stars for the food. BTW its often crowded for brunch so its usually 20 -30 minutes to get food on the table, but the wait is so much fun checking out the peeps in the room.
3	Byblos is a charming cafe with wooden tables, a profusion of plants in the window, and assorted Persian art. The location is several blocks from a metro in a peaceful area filled with old trees and young professionals. The service was a bit slow, but it's a lovely place to linger if you have the time. The cafe has a menu of daily specials and regular sides and appetizers. The servings are small, and a soup and salad might be delicious but they won't be filling. I loved the tomato barley soup and grilled eggplant salad I ordered - they were flavorful and light - but I would have loved more hearty veg options. A meal of many sides would have surely been both delicious and filling had I wanted to spend a more significant chunk of change. There are a lot of vegetarian sides and omelettes, but all of the main dishes of the day had meat. There are a number of vegan sides and appetizers too, including what I ordered, but most of the veg options are heavy on yogurt and eggs.
2	Such a disappointing dining experience.  Pleasant waitstaff and mellow vibe, but dull/bland/uncreative interpretations of otherwise delicious-sounding menu items.  For example, a flatbread sandwich listed as coming on "pain oriental" or "oriental flatbread" came on a tasteless whole wheat tortilla.  I was excited that they'd be whipping something fresh and interesting out of the oven, but instead, the breads, including the pita that accompany the meal, are nothing you couldn't find at any neighborhood grocery store.The spinach roll was bland and the texture rather mushy.The eggplant, spinach and garbanzo dips were each very underwhelming.Definitely won't be returning.
5	Loved the feta omelette! It has a creamy texture with lots of dill. Wifey got the tomato omelette and it was also excellent. The omelette is more like traditional scrambled eggs than the western style fold over omelette with items in the middle as popular in the US.  We had great seat next to the open window on a beautiful fall day.  The service was very good. Prices are reasonable. Located in a charming Montreal neighborhood.
4	Everyone at our table enjoyed the Persian twist on breakfast at Byblos.  I had a meat roll as my main dish with a few purees as a compliment, but this is certainly a place where vegetarians will feel at home.  Service was very good and the decor/colors were very inviting.  This restaurant was recommended to us by a local whose flat we were renting around the corner and we were very glad we listened to her!
4	One of my top 3 breakfast/brunch spots in the city, this place has the most original and delicious omelettes I've ever had and it's pretty inside too with big windows and middle-eastern art everywhere. My boyfriend and I order this exact thing every time we go: 1 feta & dill omelette, 1 date omelette with pastries and sesame buns, and an order of the feta, nuts & fine herbs with pita and rosewater jam.Kapow! So good.The only things that I do not love about this place are: a) that's it's a little tough to get to by metro and the parking situation is terrible, and b) the service is never great. The servers tend to be really busy and on the verge of grumpy but the food is so good that I still give it a 4 on 5.
4	Had a delightful breakfast there. I ordered the feta omelette, which is made with plenty of feta (but not overpowering) with a great saltiness, garnished with dill. It came with pita and sesame and poppy seed bread and included a beverage. I had Iranian tea and sweetened it with cubed sugar.They make many delicious varieties of jam, including rose petal. There were 5 of us so we were able to try 5 different types. Overall, fine service and nice vibe. We went at 10am and there was space. By 11:30, there was a long lineup.
4	Let's jump right into it, I'm not Persian but I am no idiot either.  Byblos makes yummy dishes that allow us to experience textures, spices and flavors that you commonly wouldn't otherwise.  First, you want to get there early enough so you don't have to wait.  Unless, of course, you don't mind that part, like me.  Second, sit near the windows on a summer day.  Lastly, get a spread of items.  Don't do the American style of one HUGE dish of one item but rather get the small plates of sides/mezzes and share them.  It's likely that you haven't tried any one of them before.  Sip tea, eat soft breads with tantalizing marmalades, chat, laugh, eat slow and leave wanting to keep strolling around the neighborhood.
4	I went to meet a  filmmaker friend at this cafe in East Laurier.  It was my first time in this part of town. It's located on a quaint part of the street with small shops, unlike West Laurier where it's much tonier.  The cafe is a hangout for many locals including artists, writers and filmmakers. The owner suggested I have the feta omelette. I never had anything like this before, but it's one of the most popular dishes. Hard to describe.  Similar to a creamy scramble eggs, but sweet with feta.  Great ambience and vive.
4	I like this place; have been there a couple of times; good quality food at a reasonable price
4	Good, simple brunch in a sunny and cozy restaurant.My boyfriend and I came here two days ago on Saturday at noon on a recommendation from a friend from Montreal. It wasn't our first choice, but by the end of our meal we were glad we came here.After a 10 minute wait, we were seated and given some English menus, which was nice since we were coming from out of town and didn't know much French. The food on the menu looked really simple - sweet bread, eggs, omelettes, jam... But as I've often heard, a good meal doesn't have to be complicated, and that rings absolutely true for the food we had here. The feta cheese, nuts, and fresh herbs paired really nicely with the different breads they served on the side. The feta omelette that others have written about previously is also really unique and delicious. We also enjoyed the Iranian tea that came in individual teapots. For two, the bill came to just under $25.We came in only for a quick breakfast before doing some sightseeing, but Byblos does seem like a place to read, relax, or have long conversations with friends. The restaurant was bright and nicely decorated with blankets over the benches, plants near the windows, and books and artwork on the walls. Service was nothing special, but we'd definitely come again for a relaxing meal.
4	When the elegant Persian woman approached the table to ask what we would like for brunch, her beautifully aged face did not hold back a single expression of her true feelings for our silly questions. For what some may perceive as attitude was in fact, pure glorious charm. The authenticity of Byblos runs through the hands of the cooks to your plate, as a gift to you. For brunch, a spread of jellies was suggested to share with the table. Sharing is encouraged with all plates so get ready to grab and dip, don't be shy. The jellies ranged in flavour from rose to orange and cardamom to date. They're more drippy than traditional British or French jams you might have in mind. Be open.The feta omelette was heralded by the group so if you're a first timer or haven't adventurered that way, might I suggest it. Cactus grape juice, oh baby yes. Go for it.
1	Maybe the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. It was pretty empty on a Friday evening. I ordered a lamb dish with Persian rice. I was already suspicious when the salad of the day was served, which was a boring, tasteless plate of sliced fennel with Parmesan, which is not really typical for the middle east, but at least it was fresh. I think I've never complained in a restaurant, but the lamb was not eatable, it was old, over-done and chewy. When I carefully complained the waitress brought an aubergine mousse, which was even worse and obviously heated in the microwave (the plate was hot). The entire dish contained of a large portion of tasteless rice, the horrible lamb pieces and a lonely boring tomato. When we complained the second time, the owner came and insulted us in front of other customers and even complained about us; instead of finding a solution, to satisfy her customers; the worst thing she could have done. All in all, I can not recommend this restaurant.
