4	They seem to be really big on the service here.  Everyone was really sweet and made sure everything was just right for my friends and I.  I especially liked that the waiter gave us specific drink suggestions to go with the food we ordered, not just pushing whatever they told him to.  I thought that was really cool.  After much debate I decided to go with the salmon since it's one of my favorites, and wow.  It was cooked perfectly, and the crab and shrimp stuffing was to die for.  A little pricey but worth it.
4	My only experience with this restaurant was lunch a few weeks ago.  I had the tuna steak with a side of fries, and really enjoyed it.  Best of all, the service was incredibly efficient, and at under $10, it was a serious bargain.  I'll be back for lunch.  No doubt.
4	The food here is good but did not give enough. I was still hungry by the end of the meal. Maybe it's because of where I'm from. But in truth I think that's how the meal should be. I shouldn't over eat. So you can have room for desert. The sad part is that I didn't get any desert. I was with a group of people and I wasn't paying for it. I got the sea bass. Was very good.
4	Had to write an update about their happy hour, especially the oyster special on Wednesdays.   Fresh oysters on the half shell on Wednesdays during happy hour . . . only a buck a piece, served on a bed of shaved ice with shallot vinegar and horseradish.  I really missed getting fresh oysters, but now I can get my fix once a week.  Nice work, M&S!
3	Thanks to the fact that the manager and the server himself apologized profusely at the end of our lunch and comped the entire lunch, I'm giving McCormick and Schmick's 3 stars and I would be willing to try them again.   We even left a 20 dollar tip on a meal that would have cost ust about 50 bucks.Backtracking a little bit...My wife and I met for lunch and we decided to try McCormick's.   I ordered the Seafood Macaroni & Cheese, served with scallops and shrimps.   My wife went with a couple of appetizers:  crab cakes as well as coconut shrimp.   For drinks, I opted for the Sweet Tea and my wife got an Arnold Palmer.5 minutes went by and our server brought us our drinks and some bread.Another 5 minutes went by and I got my side salad, which was interestingly served in a wonton wrapper shell.   Hmmmm....Next came over 25 minutes of waiting during which we saw several tables go through 2 courses while we didn't get any more food.   My wife, frustrated, finally went to talk to the manager and our food appeared an instant later.The pasta was good but, errr...  now it could be something about East coast versus West coast, and I happily posted a picture of the seafood Macaroni & Cheese I was served, but... Well, in the San Francisco Bay Area, we'd call that seafood fettucini with cream sauce.   Those were most certainly not Macaroni and, as far as I can tell, there was absolutely no cheese.   Well, there might have been a little bit of parmesan in the sauce, I'll concede that much.    Still, this sure as hell wasn't Mac & Cheese.  It was a tasty dish, and there was a generous portion of properly cooked scallops and shrimp.   Still, I'd wanted Mac & Cheese and I felt let down.The manager came by our table and apologized for the delay and said our meal was comped.   All in all, service was impeccable (when they didn't forget about us) but I still cannot give them more than 3 stars since I feel like my dish was big time false advertising.
3	Came here for the happy hour.  Well, actually we came prepared to have a semi-swank dinner but the hosts were like "happy hour, yo!" and we were like "yeah."  Stuff on the menu was as cheap as 1.95 (hummus) and as much as like oh, 7.99 (oysters).  Basically American tapas with a bit of a seafood/tex-mex influence.The tasty: pesto pizza (although its a bit small), fish tacos, and I'm guessing a sort of Cajun-style shrimp (I haven't been around long enough to really know what that means but it was good).The less-than-tasty: hummus (too much cumin!), the mussels (well, who thought it was a good idea to put cilantro on mussels? Really!)Also note that they had some martini/cocktail specials, between 5-7 bucks each - I got a raspberry martini that tasted like a lollipop and didn't give any buzz, so meh.Yeah I'd come back, maybe not in a hurry but I would.
2	A coworker and I had lunch here on a Thursday.  We wound up here because the other place we wanted to go had a 20 minute wait and McCormick's was near by.  The restaurant was about 2/3 full and we were seated immediately.  Our waitress came over for our drink orders quickly.  After giving us a few minutes to decide we ordered.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos and my coworker had the Salmon Florentine Penne.  The waitress asked if we wanted bread and we said yes.  It took about 10 minutes to get our bread, which was about 1/4 of  loaf (4 small slices) we polished that off pretty quickly and waited about another 10 minutes to get our food.  The blackened fish tacos were OK, the fish was a little over cooked, but the flavor was pretty good.  My coworker said the salmon florentine penne was OK too.  Our waitress never checked back at all throughout our lunch.  Don't waste your time here, the service was bad and I've had better seafood elsewhere.
2	Wondering around uptown looking for a bar seat, quick light lunch and an afternoon glass of vino (shhh) around 2pm. I have eaten at the Schmick's SouthPark, so I swung into the Uptown location. Figured it's reliable and I was hoping for a friendly bartender to chat with. I really don't get the hype over this place! Everytime I eat there I pretend (to my big Mccormick fan friends) that its great, but honestly, I do not think the service nor the food quality is better than your average Red Lobster.The "Oversized" prawns, sold by the prawn for $2.50/ea are anything, but oversized and one of mine looked anything, but fresh. The (one, tiny) crab cake I had was tasty, but I have had much much better. It was definitely not "lump" and overpriced ($11 bucks).Last, the bartender was so consumed in talking to her regular about her own life and barely seemed to have any interest, even when I threw out several safe conversation icebreakers, to talk to her other guests (me and one other guy). Nonetheless, I still left 20% and thanked them for the "experience", but I think that was definitely the last time I waste $31 ($$$ whoa!) at a Mccormick. I much rather swim over to Bonefish. Positive note: timely
4	Can you do any better than $1.95 appetizers happy hour?? I don't really think so.  This joint offers these deals from 3pm-7pm and 9pm-close on Mon-Thurs.  The only catch to enjoy $2 normal sized apps is that you have to eat them at the bar.  But SO WHAT!!  Fried Pickles, Cheese Quesadilla, Hummus/Flatbread, and Spinach and Artichoke dip allllll for $1.95.  Yowzaaaas!.  They also offer a $2.95 half pound cheese burger and multiple delicious options for $4.95.  All apps are insanely discounted.. They also have a rather wide selection of draft beers.  My favorite is the Fat Tire.  The environment is a little business casual, but what would expect from smack in the middle of the financial district??  Enjoy! -Ian M.
3	Everything was average, the crowd, the food and the service.  It really wasn't memorable.  There are better options, even for Charlotte.
4	I always enjoy going to McCormick & Schmicks.This is a great location in 'Uptown' Charlotte at 4th and Tryons St.They have FREE valet parking.They consistently have great fresh seafood.On this visit we had the Wahoo and Ahi Tuna, both were exceptionally good!We also had the Rhappanock Sting Ray oysters which are better than average.The Coppola Merlot is a good choice.The stained glass in this restaurant is art gallery worthy. In the bar area you will see large colorful stained glass ceiling light fixtures themed after various ACC teams as well as the Charlotte 49ers.Don't miss the NC State flag about the hostess stand, a truly exceptional piece of art.
4	We came here with a large group & no reservation- yet they managed to seat us all together, even though they initially told us they would have to split our party up.  This place was hopping & we were hungry- service was very good as was the food.
2	One word to describe my experience tonight at dinner?  Blah.  Nothing was special about anything I ate there.  I did the restaurant week menu which, for me, included a Caesar salad, stuffed mahi mahi and creme brulee.  The salad was dry and could use more dressing.  Wasn't the worst I've had but really nothing special.  Now the mahi mahi was what I really looked forward to.  Big disappointment.  There was barely any flavor to this dish.  While it was rich (stuffing had creamy consistency), I really thought about adding salt.  Yes, salt, to a seafood dish.  To end the experience, I ordered the Creme Brulee.  Didn't think I could go wrong.  It literally tasted like a snack pack pudding.  It must have been pulled from a fridge and sent to the table.  There was no crunchy, caramelized sugar top.  Honestly, it was pudding with 2 blueberries and 1 raspberry thrown on top.  Service was also disappointing.  We went on a Sunday evening and there were maybe 4 other tables taken in the whole place.  After we finished our dessert we waited and waited for our server.  I actually had to get up and ask another waiter to get her.  Not sure why people love this place.  I wasn't feeling it!
4	Really great for St. Patricks Day!  I'll have to say for a chain, the food was pretty good.  The corned beef sliders were awesome and the mahi mahi was definitely tasty. Although, I wonder where they get that fish from in Charlotte...
4	The service was 100% better here than others where I've been.  The food presentation needs just a little work and the oysters were a tad in need of more judging before serving (minus 1 star).  Not a bad choice when you're in Uptown Charlotte...
2	Average Red Lobsteresque seafood in an upscale atmosphere. What stinks is that when they first opened, I had a fabulous meal and I was excited to have them in CLT. Since then however, nothing but disappointment after disappointment. So sad as there's a dearth of decent seafood in the Queen city and I so thought I had found an oasis after the first visit. Alas... only a mirage......
2	First time at a McCormick. Not impressed at all. Totally blah.. Had the halibut and I think it was as memorable as a piece of toast...
4	Busy, loud, and festive. Lauren (in the bar) is a great waitress.  Decent seafood, not as good as LaVecchia's.
4	From Los Angelos to San Diego. Denver, CO to Charlotte. West Coast to East Coast and the other Coast, the Gulf Coast. McCormick never fails. If you like fish? McCormick's is a chain but it's consistent. Awesome happy hour food menu. Great oyster selection. If you are looking for a ROY's experience. This is not the restaurant. Conservative fish house and very classy. Traditional seafood dishes. McCormick has a history of find seafood dining. FREE VALET!
4	THey make an incredible martini.  The food is very good.  It is not Capital Grille.  It is not Mortons.  It is a good, solid resturant with good seafood.
4	What makes a seafood restaurant pop?!Is it the fresh catch sizzling in front of you smothered in a lemon butter sauce? Or perhaps the flaky tenderness of a salmon filet neatly presented before you with an artist's finesse? Maybe it's the crisp finish that the last Kumamoto oyster leaves on your palate before you embark on a great seafood adventure...McCormick and Schmick will gladly take you to sea without the difficulty of chartering a ship and crew to find those gems of the ocean. Quite frankly, nothing begins a meal quite like the Oyster Sampler (12 oysters) that this great establishment can offer you. Even 3 orders later you won't feel weighed down by this fresh and juicy appetizer because it's light on the stomach and slightly sweet in taste. Aphrodisiac? I'm too busy eating to notice... then again I was also eating with a bunch of dudes, so go figure. On one occasion, I found myself ordering a lemon crusted tilapia that literally melted the moment it was placed on my tongue. I could feel the remainder of its hot oil sliding down my lips. It began with a warm crispy bite, and turned to a subtle, but saliva-inducing fish flavor that ended nicely with a buttery finish. The portion is huge. Once you eat one of these, you're definitely going to be set for the night. If you're looking for a sophisticated and clean range of flavors, I would suggest the Chilean Sea Bass or the Scarlet Snapper. Each dish is cooked perfectly and the weightlessness of each bite leaves you with no regret and addictive tendencies. Find yourself immersed in a world of nature's most raw and simple flavors that appeal to the eye as much as they do to your appetite. For those who enjoying going to seafood restaurants and ordering steak, there's plenty of other meat options for you to choose from, but not worth mentioning here because you should probably be re-evaluating your life choices rather than reading about other people's fish experiences.4/5 at Tryon location for delay in food. House wasn't even half-full. At least my glass was :)
4	Awesome seafood restaurant.  If you travel and like seafood, M & C is a safe haven.
5	The fish is fresh and delicious, the portions are a good size, and the lunchtime chef, Rigo is a phenomenal talent.  It's about the same price as the Italian place across the street, but in my opinion a much better value.The wait staff is professional, the happy hour specials (especially the burger) are great.If I had it in my budget, I'd eat lunch here at least 3 times a week.
3	I generally prefer to patronize a locally-based restaurant whenever possible, but from time-to-time I don't mind coming here depending on the circumstances. M&S is really not bad for a corporate chain.I have eaten at this location several times for business lunches and service has always been quick and efficient.  The food is a-ok, but nothing really outstanding.  They do offer some pretty decent lunch specials.   We have also eaten dinner at this location before when we were in the area for a Sunday show at the Blumenthal.  Our server at dinner was extremely helpful and took good care of us.
4	This is the other location for McCormick and Schmick's in Charlotte.  The Southpark location is the original and this uptown location was built later.  Doesn't really matter, both locations provide great fresh and some local food choices.  Recently popped in here after work for dinner and had a delicious bowl of shrimp and grits.  Just the right spice and serving size.  The wait staff was great and the atmosphere was quiet and provided a relaxing dinner experience.
4	5 of us went on a Monday evening at about 9:30 pm. Very friendly and efficient service. We were all happy with the quality of our food and it's preparation. I will go back again.
5	I've gotten to know the people here at McCormicks during my time living Uptown and I have to say... They are just about the nicest and most wonderful people to be around.  I spend most of my time in the bar area eating dinner and chatting it up with Austin before the bar.  Every now and then Kenny, the manager, comes by to say hello and we catch up on everything.  It just feels like... CHEERS to me.  So, I've been here so many times that I could write a novel about the whole menu and how everything tastes.  Just know, it is really difficult to find something that you don't love.  The fish tacos are so underrated it's a joke.  I could eat 5 billion of those bad boys.  Keeping with the underrated theme, the hummus blows your socks off.. YEAH!  Hummus!  As far as the seafood goes... I am from the North East.  We get some pretty kick a$$ seafood up there and McCormicks is the only place that I have found that can battle.  Fish is fresh (hard to find that around here), steaks are juicy and favorful, lobster bisque and ravioli are a TEN, and the mussels are spectacular.  Stop in and say hello.. I will probably be perched in the corner chatting it up.  Oh yeah... History Alert!!  There is a little piece of Queen City history right out front on the sidewalk.. Check it out.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	I overcame my corporate prejudice to meet with friends over the holidays, and I have to say, not too shabby. We were shopping (i.e. broke), so we came for happy hour's $1.95 menu. I wasn't expecting much from a two-dollar fish taco, but they give it up: it's about 6 inches, weighty with tilapia and a nice slaw, and a delicious tangy dressing.My homegirl got potato thingies (sorry), which were really good, and our group got the hummus too. Of course all this cheap goodness came with a drink minimum, but ahem, that wasn't going to be a problem, and I was impressed with the mojitos. If you're gonna support the corporate beast, you could do worse than a drink, a couple treats and a $10 tab.
3	I managed to snag a 6:30 reservation at McCormick and Schmick's using OpenTable last Saturday night even though it was packed. When we arrived, we found the hostess pretty much turning away anyone without a reservation.The hostess offered to let us sit faster in the bar area at a table, or we could wait for 15 minutes for a table outside the bar area. We opted for the bar table. For some reason, after we were sat, I received an email from OpenTable notifying me that my reservation had been "cancelled" by the restaurant, which was annoying because you get points for making and keeping reservations via OpenTable, which can later be redeemed for gift certificates. Because they cancelled my reservation, I didn't accrue those points.That issue aside, our server was Susan, and she was fast and helpful. The food came out quickly, as expected since they had a fairly set Restaurant Week menu. My crab cakes were excellent, but my husband reported that his scallops were cold.The service (and my crab cakes) are what jack this review up to 3 stars. They got it about half right. I can't say that I'd definitely return.
4	Rolled in here during Queen's Feast week, it was crazy busy.  Needed to carry out some dinner; wasn't in a hurry.  I know their normal menu has a lot of complex items, but almost anything you want can be simply grilled or planked.  Some salmon, mahi mahi, with garlic mashed potatoes and steamed veggies, a salad and some Pellegrino made a perfect carryout meal.  The kitchen was very fast; I was out of there in 20 minutes.I had a wonderful steak here a couple weeks ago that was cooked exactly as I ordered it; I think I'll skip all of the high priced places.Here's a tip: if you have a special occasion (second honeymoon, anniversary) I think that if you let them know, they can print a customized menu for your meal.  They did that for me at the McCormick and Schmick's at Ghirardelli Square.
4	Historically M & S has been a stable seafood restaurant.  It has always been a reliable place to go for good food.  The Charlotte spot does not disappoint.
2	Totally disappointed in the service and food.  Arrived there on Friday night for "bar food".  Our waitress did not even have a clue what was on that menu nor did she know what wine was poured by the glass.  She misinformed us that a certain wine was available by the glass only to return and state it was only available by the bottle.  To make matters worse, the wine we wanted to order (we are aware of the retail price) was almost 4 times what you would pay retail.  That is too much of a mark-up for any restaurant!  We had to hunt her down for our checks and even then she did not get the correct items on the correct checks.  The corned beef sliders came with one small slice of corned beef on a bun which overpowered the meat.  Thankfully, you got three sliders per order so you could move the corned beef from the remaining two sliders to produce a slider that was edible.  Too many other places in Uptown to spend money for palatable food and knowledgeable wait staff.
4	Had dinner with a friend on a Wednesday night and I was really surprised to see the restaurant so busy.  I took this as a good sign and I was right - somebody likes this place!  We started with calamari and oysters (fried). Both were lightly battered, fresh and flavorful.  In fact, I wish the oysters had been available as an entree.  Next up was the mixed seafood grill (salmon, shrimp scampi, stuffed shrimp and scallops).  I enjoyed everything except the scampi, which was a bit dry.  The salmon was prepared perfectly.  The dish was served with a cheddar mash and veggies.  My companion ordered 'shrimp trilogy' and had great things to say.  Wine list is pretty good.  The atmosphere was also nice - we were tucked away in a booth that made it quite cozy.  Best part of the experience - our server was wonderful!  Welcoming, friendly, made good suggestions and didn't steer us wrong.
4	After a lot of drinking in the earlier part of the night, I was craving some seafood (King Crab legs to be exact).  So I left the hotel and started walking.  It was about 10:15 on a Friday night, so I knew my choices (that I knew of) were limited...  I saw about a block down a large sign that said "Steaks and Seafood".  I had heard of this place in ATL, and I quickly checked my Yelp app to make sure it was still open.  I had until 11PM.  I wanted something good to eat in my last night in Charlotte...I know they probably thought I was an asshole for coming in drunk and late, but I promise, I made it worth their while :) . Got seated immediately (told em to put me wherever was easiest, so I sat in the bar area- and I got to watch the Braves finish off their game :) ).  The decor was nice, but not what I expected!  It had tiled flooring, dark woods, and dim lights.  The place was nice, I just was expecting wood floors throughout (what the hell am I saying, I sat at the damn bar area).  Just ignore this paragraph.I think my server was Sara(h), and she was very nice.  The one thing I noticed after scouring the menu- they DIDN'T have crab legs :(.  However, they had crab cakes.  So I got one for an "app".  I was so hungry, I ended up getting a 14oz strip and a lobster tail.  I also got some more beer.The crab cake was moist, and I really enjoyed the iwouldliketocallitchutney that accompanied it.  That thing was gone in a matter of 2 bites.Thankfully, the steak and lobster tail came out quickly after (which was surprising hence the size of the cut).  It came with some humungo asparagus too.  Unfortunately the damn pic I took of it was too blurry, so it didn't make the cut.  The steak itself wasn't bad (hell I ate the whole thing)- and was trimmed perfectly, but I wished it had a wee more seasoning.  The asparagus were alright, but they filled me up.  But I tell you what- that damn lobster tail was probably the best thing I had there- it almost completely made up for the fact they didn't have crab legs.Thankfully, I didn't wear out my welcome, and they were cool with me ordering dessert- so I got the apple crisp thing.  It was damn good, but I wish it had some more ice cream (hell, I was buzzin and had a sweet tooth!).  This great experience only lasted 40 minutes (I got outta there right before the doors shut!)- which was awesome- usually a meal like this would last at least twice as long!  My total was around $96 (for 2 tall boys, app, surf n turf, and dessert) and let them know how much I appreciated them taking me in.I will definitely have to come back here if I get the chance to- maybe they can procure some King Crab for me next time :)Cheers!
4	Very good food and excellent service.....You pay for what you get and that said the extra is soooo worth it.
1	Really, 4 puny fried oysters for $8.95? Four fabulous, plump beautifully prepared oysters, sure, but our appetizer was a joke, truly laugh out loud pathetic.  Way too many good restaurants in this town for this to be acceptable. McCormick and Schmick's insults.
2	Only the appetizer was good. Both of our entrees were practically inedible. I got crab cakes they were so fishy tasting. It was so gross. And it came with French fries. The food is way too overpriced to have French fries as the side rather than a vegetable.
4	Went here on a first date on a Friday night.  We sat around 8:15, and it was pretty quiet!  We started with a bottle of wine and didn't do any apps or salad, went right to the entrees.  We both got salmon- me cedar plank, he the stuffed salmon.  Though both salmon, very different tasting!  Mine was on the healthy side- you could taste the butter in his (haha prob the point!) but it was delicious!The service was good.  A bit pricey considering portions.  Free valet parking.  All went well!
2	Slow service
5	Easily made a reservation on line. Excellent ambience. Wait staf was courteous and helpful. Our waitress (Roxanne) recommended the crab dip as an appetizer. It was delicious. We had caesar salads and the steak and lobster tail. The salad was fresh and crisp. Our steaks were cooked to our specifications and the meai was very tasty. An excellent experience.
5	We chose to Dine at McCormick and Schmick's in Charlotte this past Friday.  We had been to other locations in the States and chose to have dinner here at the last moment following the auto show.  The food was excellenct and the service even better.  If you are looking for seafood, this is the place to go.
5	Went here for a first date around 9 pm on a Monday. The place was pretty empty as was to be expected at that time. Both of us got filet mignon and lobster tails. We got a side of lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus. Everything was phenomenal. We ate it all and wished we had room for more.
4	Christmas Day.  Yep.  Not many places open, but this one sure is, and they make you feel like it's okay that they're all working and you're not.    From beginning to end, our experience was very good.  Our Server could not have done a better job, nor have been more delightful.     We started with the Shrimp Kisses, unsweetened iced tea and their delicious sourdough bread.  The Shrimp Kisses were so well executed, which is hard to do.  Bacon-wrapped seafood in our experience is often not done right. This was very well done.  Bacon was well cooked, but the shrimp was not over-cooked.  Perfect!  Loved the corn relish under and the fried onions over.  Great appetizer and perfect for sharing!    Both of us (surprisingly) ordered the same entree: Shrimp Trilogy Buttermilk Fried, Stuffed, Scampi, Butternut Squash Orzo 27.95.  This also comes with: Red Pepper WhiteCheddar Mash.  I opted to substitute grilled asparagus for the butternut squash orzo, as I didn't see the need for two starches.  Husband was happy with as-is.  Our meals were very enjoyable!  Cheesy Mash needed a slight dash of salt....I requested cocktail and tartar sauces and were brought both quickly, which added to the enjoyment of the meal.  Very rich!  I was so glad to have the asparagus to off-set the richness a bit.  The fried shrimp was slightly over-fried and crunchy but dunked in cocktail sauce was still tasty.   Seriously full, I could only do coffee for dessert, but Husband managed some super moist carrot cake.  Half of which we brought home.   For those that poo-poo chain restaurants, there is something to be said about one that is working this hard to deliver quality and service that's not only excellent, but done on Christmas Day!
3	My boyfriend and I were in downtown Charlotte seeing a concert for New Year's Eve and decided to drop in for some drinks and appetizers. The hostess was so nice and our waitress was great. However, the food and drinks were less than par for the amount of money we paid. We order the Coast to Coast Tuna as an appetizer and it was bad. I have had better seared tuna at a strip mall Chinese restaurant. My boyfriend ordered the Fish and Chips and though it was good it put us back 20 bucks. I ordered a side salad and the crab cake appetizer. The crab cake was the only thing that stood out to me. The cocktails were overly sweet but the beer was cold. I don't think I will be going back next time I am in Charlotte.
3	Food was ok, service was ok. Not a bad place, I travel a lot and eat out a lot for work so would I make it a point to go here...not really but if your looking for a more casual fine dining place this is a decent choice.
5	I dined here yesterday because it was one of the many restaurants participating in "Charlotte Restaurant Week". For 30 dollars, a person can get an appetizer, main course and dessert. My waitress was excellent and helpful. Food was great and the wait wasn't too long. A good place to go for a date if you're feel like splurging.
3	We went for my cousin's birthday and Charlotte Restaurant Week... The rest of the party was late, so we hit the bar... I loved my Talk of the Town drink and it was on special, so that was fabulous... The bartender Michael was quick and pleasant...  The rest of our service was kind of spotty... Our server was quick with getting drink orders and bringing bread, but took FOREVER to actually bring the check... She took even longer to come back to pick it up and run the card... That part was the worst... The food itself was interesting... We all got the beef medallions, but the results were incredibly varied... They were presliced as well, which wasn't a problem since it let you see the doneness... I ordered mine medium well and some pieces were closer to medium, while the others were a mix of medium well and well done...  The portions were a bit small... I normally never finish a restaurant meal because they're too big and I cleaned my plate... lol  Overall, it was decent, but it could have been better with a more evenly cooked entree and faster table service...
3	Went for dinner with some neighbors and fortunately it was Charlotte restaurant week where you could get a fixed price menu for $30.  Considering how outrageous their prices for a la carte dinners, we felt that this was the only way any of us would even think of going here.Service was great, along with the drinks.  Food was simply OK.  Not fancy, not something that you would oooo and ahhhh about and certainly not if you paid almost $200 for a couple off the regular menu.Save this place for expense account meals.  You can do far better at other restaurants for far less.
2	Spent $120 on dinner and the only thing I enjoyed was the cobb salad for appetizer. The waiter was probably the best I've ever had, so that's a positive. The entree's we ordered were cold, and NOT impressive for the price we paid.Would not come back here at all.
4	This place may not be a great bar-bar at night, but it's definitely a great Happy Hour joint with a good dinner vibe as well.  The Happy Hour specials give some great appetizers and burgers from $2-$8 which is A-OK in my book.  Although the drinks are regular price, the food half off is amazing.  If you really want to have a great time, go on mondays when HH lasts until close (4-7 normally).  This way you can snack and drink for dinner and be satisfied without hurting your wallet.
3	Went here for a group dinner. They have a happy hour menu on the patio and in the bar. The happy hour menu has very attractive prices. The set of drink on the happy hour menu is limited. The regular menu has a great selection of seafood and meats. The seafood dishes are great. We had a mixture of happy hour and regular dishes. The food is ok but not fantastic. The service was unattentive and slow. This was a slow Monday night, so I was surprised that service was so slow. There are numerous dining choices nearby there is no need to settle for un-attentive service and medium quality food.
5	My family and I dine here at least once a month. We enjoy the service, the wine selection, the specials, the desserts, everything. Perfect location for a small party, and perfect location for a large party. Always a great family night out.
1	Worst dining experience ever! McDonald's has a more inviting atmosphere. Wait time was awful. We went on Friday night, sat outside for a few until the roaches asked us to go inside. A lot of roaches in the outside dining area. Then it was one thing after the other, food cold and average, staff cold and average. I suggest not spending the money, too much for nothing. Try anything, and it would be much better than this experience. They need restaurant impossible to come and train the wait staff. Horrible experience! Wasted my time and my money.
4	Food was good not great, definitely over priced for the quality of food they were serving. Service was excellent.
3	Went to Mc Cormick & Schmick's  on Thursday night with client the service was  good as well as the food. We had a good time.
4	usually not a big fan of this chain. Reston, Virginia, location is beat down. DC location is the pits. This location had great service, and the salmon was just how I like it. great meal, but thankfully work expense account as if I dropped $40 of my own $ it would have been too much money for what you get. However, if you want consistent, predictable good food, this location delivers.
5	Excellent food, great service, and nice ambiance.
5	best steakhouse and seafood in downtown charlotte.
4	Eat here often after plays at Belk theater. We enjoy the atmosphere, food and wine.  Good service. Great sour dough bread. The crab tower for appetizer is really good and is a good share.
5	I love this place and their excellent steaks...
5	A great place to go for lunch and dinner, I highly recommend this resturaunt, I have a hard time ordering.  The menu is great.
2	The Mr. and Mrs. have eaten at the McC & Schm in Bridgewater, NJ, with family.  The Mr. enjoyed his meal at that locale.  The Mrs. does not remember what she ate, but probably nothing memorable or out of the ordinary.Recently when the Mrs. accompanied colleagues to an early lunch at this McC & Schm on South Tryon Street in Charlotte, NC, she was expecting nothing out of the ordinary again.The Mrs. wanted a meal without any fish or meat, but there were no enticing vegetarian offerings.  So she asked the very nice server if she could have the salmon rigatoni ($14) minus the salmon.  The accommodation could be made.  Nice.The bowl of rigatoni contained small pieces of asparagus stalks and mushroom shreds. a tiny bit of artichoke, and a very liquid pesto cream sauce (not very pesto-ey tasting).  No problem.  It was more important to enjoy this lunch with the colleagues.The Mrs. ate only half the bowl of soupy rigatoni, then the nice server boxed up the other half to take back to the office and finish later.The surprise came when the bill arrived.  There was no price reduction for leaving out the salmon from the dish.  It was full price, without the top-billed salmon.  The server informed no accommodation could be made on the price.  The total bill, including tax and very nice tip, came out to $19.Upon returning to the office, the Mrs.' very sensitive stomach was unhappy; perhaps it was the cream sauce.  She threw out the uneaten boxed half of this meal.This lunch of half a bowl of meatless/fishless pasta wound up costing $19.  Way too expensive for an adult-focused fast-food chain-restaurant.The service was nice, the food not so much.  It was the service which earned it the rating.NOTE:  This meal was not on a work expense account.The Mrs. does not think it is worth going back.
3	I ate here during a recent visit to Charlotte with a large group of people.  While our service was great, the food was just so-so.  I really don't get the big deal about McCormick & Schmick's.  I'd probably never eat there again.  I ordered the salmon rigatoni and it was OK while eating, but I had bad stomach pains for the rest of the night.
2	My husband and I recently had dinner here and were not impressed. The appetizers were ok. My entree was bad. It was drowning in butter, not completely warm, like it had been sitting awhile. Orzo that must have been cooked hours earlier. The cake for dessert was so dry you could barely get it on a fork before it crumbled into pieces. The service was fine but the waiter knew nothing about gin or wine. The wine list was a very bad joke. $4.99 grocery store wines for $40. We are willing to pay for good dinners, but  for the prices they charge the food doesn't even come close to being worth it. We won't go back.
4	Top notch restaurant!  Had dinner her to cap off my birthday in the queen city two weeks ago.  Service was fast, polite, and informative.  Food was delicious.  I had the stuff shrimp.  If you are at South Park Mall, I recommend visiting.  Ask for Quay she's GREAT!
5	Great place for a lone traveler!  My Bartenders were smart attentive and led me to a great experience!Completely stuffed with great seafood, I managed to have a slice of the housemade specialty cheesecake!
1	Just went to happy hr today and got a new waitress she gave the worst service and when I complained to the manager he sided with her without even offering an apology with so many places uptown to enjoy happy hr,i will never go there again
4	I went here before the John Legend show (4-13-14) and enjoyed the dinner service. I arrived with my friend who took part in the complimentary valet service (which is available until 10 p.m.) and was immediately seated at the table with the rest of our party.For drinks, I ordered their agave 'rita cocktail which was delicious and not too overpowering on the alcohol. The waitress was very patient in answering all of our questions, making suggestions, and offering substitutions for our meals. For my meal, I ordered the stuffed shrimp which came with white cheddar mash and roasted seasonal veggies. I do not have a negative thing to say about the meal: the shrimp were generously stuffed with lump crab meat, the cheddar mash was creamy, and the veggies still had a bit of a crunch to them.For dessert, I ordered the creme brulee which had a nice crunchy top and creamy custard texture topped off with berries.Overall, my first experience dining at M&S was delicious and look forward to future meals.
5	Another awesome dinner here.  The Blackened Chicken Fettuccini is simply the best ever. The ambience is very nice for slow relaxing meal with Lisa.The staff was excellent as always and very accommodating to Lisa's special food requests and made great suggestions and modifications.Would highly recommend, ask for Michael!
3	Had great service but the food was below par. Oysters were not cut off the shell and had to basically tear the oysters apart to get to them. There were 4 of us all together and none of us were satisfied.
4	Had lunch here while going to Speed Street and the crispy fish tacos were the best I have ever had.  I don't know how they can even get the fish so crispy.  Service was excellent and friendly and nobody minded us wearing t-shirts and sneakers.  Our party also had the grilled salmon, which was cooked perfectly.  They are in the process of a remodel but seemed to have it neatly kept.
3	Was told to come here for Happy Hour so I thought why not check it out.. Came in on a Friday evening around 5pm.. Happy Hour runs from 4-7pm. Had to sit in the bar for the happy hour which was no big deal.. There were tables open..Wasn't too keen on the happy hour drink selection.. Really fruity type drinks and no beer.. Food was average.. Mostly fried, fatty bar food. I was disappointed. However, the pricing on the food was a great deal, so if you want some cheap appetizers this would be a good place to go. Not too sure I'll be back...
3	OMG- why would a high end place not have an adequate air conditioning system. It was so incredibly hot inside it was not enjoyable. Ridiculous!!  I have no idea how the servers don't pass out.
4	Good Happy hour for the food ok happy hour for the drinks. I got a burger it was really big so i cut it in four to make them sliders. The burger was prob one of the best i have had yet in charlotte. Also got some muscles those were also good and fresh. The salad needs some work though.  I got a cezer plain the lettuce was fresh but not super fresh. The dressing was a biz water down. They need to work on the quality of the dressing. The out door seating is nice and big. Great for people watching on the weekends. Lots of foot traffic. The inside was really big. clean with valet.
4	Last Sunday, my in-laws, wife and I had another great dinner experience at McCormick & Schmick's!We were promptly seated by our hostess and our waitress soon followed. She took our drink orders and told us what the daily specials were.Our orders consisted of bourbon glazed salmon with green beans and white cheddar mashed potatoes, fried oysters with chesapeake fries & cole slaw and Idaho rainbow trout with grilled asparagus and white cheddar mashed potatoes. The meals arrived quickly and served piping hot. However, the rainbow trout did not taste fresh and our waitress immediately apologize and offered the menu to make another selection. Buttermilk fried shrimp with chesapeake fries & cole slaw was the selected replacement. It also arrived quickly and served piping hot. The manager came to our table and she apologize for the taste of the trout and offered desserts on the house. We all declined and thanked her and the waitress for their great customer service.Again, our waitress was excellent and the food was great!
4	This review is based on my first and only visit to this location. The location is great. Valet parking makes getting here a breeze and everyone greets you with a smile. The restaurant itself is nicely furnished and the seats are comfy. For being a higher-end restaurant, the menu had more selection that I was initially anticipating. The service was great and my waiter knew the menu very well. The only reason why I am giving McCormick & Schmick's 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the food. The presentation was amazing but the taste and portion size didn't blow me away. While the food here was very good, I don't think it commands the steep asking price.
3	Service was polite and fairly speedy.We each had a cup of clam chowder to start, which was tasty if unspectacular.For our entree we both had the buttermilk fried shrimp. The shrimp and cocktail sauce were tasty but could have been seasoned better, and we didn't get many fries with it. Overall for the price we paid it was disappointing.Overall despite fairly decent tasting food, for the amount we had and the price we paid it was expensive and we wouldn't eat there again.
4	Fish & chips were fantastic. Plenty of fish - cod, in case you were wondering. Certainly recommended!!!
5	One of the best places I've eaten at in Charlotte. We went for Restaurant week and to celebrate my eldest daughter's birthday, the put happy birthday on my daughters menu.  the host Sean was great, knowledgeable, friendly and courteous My daughter had the beef medallions which she loved, My wife had a steak and it was very good and I had the Ahi Tuna that was good but could have been seasoned a little better. .  We had a "Blue Crab Dip" starter, that I could not get out of my head! I liked it so much I had to get some ingredients to try to recreate it. close but no cigar.Got to go back again. the creme brulee was so delicious but not enough of it for me.We will be coming back again and again and again.  Go get get some!
5	Great dining experience!  My wife and I went on Friday and it was magnificent!  I highly recommend the Shrimp Poppers for an appetizer!  I had the stuffed shrimp and my wife had the stuffed salmon both were tremendous!  Wife says best food ever!  Rachel our server was excellent and extremely courteous!  Can't recommend this restaurant more highly!
2	Food was overpriced and not up to the quality I was expecting. We went during restaurant week and was definitely disappointed. Skip this place and go to Chima Brazilian Steakhouse right across the street instead. You'll get much more food that tastes delicious.
2	Usually I love this restaurant, however after eating crab cakes I was very sick and it ruined my evening. Not going back
4	Shimp Kiss appetizer was ok... It pretty much tasted like bacon and cheese. The peanut butter pie dessert was pretty wonderful and then I had the mahi which was delicious.
4	The food, service and atmosphere was exceptional.  I had the Mahi Mahi and it was well prepared, fresh and very tasty.  I have special dietary needs and found them to be very accommodating to my needs and I was able to substitute sides etc..
3	Went here for a colleague's going away party. Ordered the Fish and Chips...figuring that they should do this well. And they mostly did. The fish was good....not the best I've ever had but a solid attempt using Yuengling beer for their batter (not like you could actually TASTE the beer - good Marketing though...). Their Tartar sauce was freshly made and it was very good, so I ordered 2! Dipped my fries in both Heinz Ketchup and this yummy tartar sauce.But $16 for F&Cs.....Hummmm....Thankfully my boss picked up our Tab. Can't imagine what that final bill was for 12 people as this place is NOT CHEAP at all!The waitstaff are professional and courteous, and do a pretty good job. It's still not my favorite spot but this time it was better than last.....it's just a LOT of money for a lunch.
5	What can I say bad about this place. Nothing. Honestly. The price is a little high but the service and food is always amazing so I won't complain there. I love the calamari here. They also fry up veggies with it as well. Even nicer is every year they serve all veterans and active military for a complimentary meal on the Sunday before Veterans Day. I recommend getting a reservation. As with last year I did not do this and it was very busy today. However they did have spots open at the bar where the service was spectacular. I ordered the pecan crusted chicken with a demi glaze, served with mash potatoes and broccoli. I ate every bite if that says anything. Also met another fellow single vet and made a new friend. Don't forget even if your meal is free remember to tip your server :). So all in all this place is on the top of my list.
2	A friend and I went here last night before a show at the Blumenthal and were very disappointed, I felt even worse because I recommended it after visiting this location and the South Park location with a pleasant experience. Our server (I'm not going to mention her name) while very friendly was either distracted by other tables or not as concerned with us because we only had 2 appetizers and a couple of Caesar salads (event though our bill was still $94). My first complaint is that it took probably around 15 minutes to get my dirty martini, in all fairness I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink when my friend ordered hers and ordered mine when she came back to get our food order but I had to pull another waitress aside and ask if she could check on my drink after 15 minutes. So she brings that with our salads a few minutes later. It took longer for our appetizers to get there and my friend mistakenly ordered another martini that we had to split and slam because we were going to be late for our show and finally my friend had to go up to the hostess stand to have someone come cash us out. We were there for almost an hour and a half by the way. Very disappointing and definitely won't be going back before our next show at Time Warner this Sunday or possibly ever.
5	Really nice atmosphere, great service, food decor really lovely, tasty def will come back for them calamari its was heaven yeah it was a little pricey but got the good calamari
2	Oh so much disappointment. This is for both South Park and Uptown locations. Let me add Im a club member and have frequented this chain in other states with much better service. A simply arugula salad w shrimp was overcooked and took almost 30 minutes to get to me. I spent THREE hours at the South Park location (unwillingly) waiting for my and two others birthday celebrations. the not-even-melted Brie appetizer was served at room temperature french bread (this was supposed to be toasted) with over-cooked shrimp. All FIVE meals were served at varying degrees of room temperature, over cooked or the plate was burning hot from being under the heat lamp for too long. Did I mention how loooong it took for this inedible food to get to us?? I gave up keeping track of time after 45 minutes. After the manager was involved in this beyond frustrating "meal" she comped the desserts we had already intended on getting (birthdays) but never came back to check on us. Did I also mention they botched a lobster tail TWICE? (Feel free to  check my other reviews and you'll see I'm fair with my reviews, this is not the rant of a bratty diner who wanted something for free - both visits were just That Bad!)
5	Thank you Shawn and staff for helping in celebrating Jason's birthday! Anastasia provided excellent service and the food was delicious as always! Again, thank you! You remain one of my favorite places to dine!
2	I have mixed feelings went there twice food was okay the first time nothing special for what you are paying for but both times the service was just terrible. No drinks, turning around and stepping away when people are talking to them, didn't get the check had to ask the hostess to get it, unable to get more water for the table just unacceptable. The only reason I gave it two stars is because their desserts are out of this world amazing.
2	When I walked in, they looked at me like I was supposed to come in the back door. Granted I was not wearing a suit and tie but I wasn't a bum either.Finally I told them I was there for dinner ....They seated me .. turned their back ... extended the menu to me and appeared annoyed that I hadn't picked up that It was meant for me .......I sat there for a minute digesting the experience and deiced I would go around the corner to my original destination of choice - Moreton's. Boy am I glad I did!!!I give them a 2 on how I was initially treated ..... the food may be OUTSTANDING - but I will never know. There are far too many options in downtown Charlotte.Hopefully you will be treated better.* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * because of my commentary on here I received several contacts from managers and restaurant administrators. I could not have been listened to more intently and with concern ............... Wow! I was impressed and will let you know of my next visits here .......... after the calls I received - I have to go back, again.UPDATE Jan 2015
4	After a disappointing experience here the management staff went above and beyond to make sure our next experience was flawless. I can't thank Jennifer and Sean enough for reaching out and putting a personal touch on the visit. The desserts are beyond amazing!
1	Three of us went there for Christmas dinner because we were flying back home to Charlotte on Christmas day and didn't have time to cook.  We had reservations and we were seated about on time. They were busy, but not insanely so.  We sat in Steven's section and it should have been an omen that I heard a woman complaining about his service before we sat down.  He took our drink and appetizer order and then disappeared.  He checked in about 10 minutes later as our drink order had "slipped his mind".   We had calamari and mussels which arrived without any appetizer plates or little forks or bowl for empty shells for the mussels.  It was all tasteless...that's the only word to describe it.  No seasoning, no reason to eat it.  We had ordered our meals before the appetizers arrived but the waiter forgot what we ordered and had to come and ask us again.  After about 30 minutes, he checked in again saying "part of the food was up...and what was it we had again?" Oh boy!  Well we got served about 15-20 minutes later so about 45 minutes after we finished appetizers.  I had the mahi-mahi special which at $33 was no bargain.  The portion size was tiny, the fish luke-warm and severely over cooked and burnt on one side. It was so tough I had to take a drink of water to get it down.  Obviously my food had been under the warming lamp long before everyone else's had started.    My husband's sea bass was average and my son's shrimp was pretty good...but, the pacing was so awful the meal was already ruined.  The waiter disappeared again and we finally flagged him down to get our check.  I was looking forward to dessert and coffee but didn't have an extra hour to spare for him to forget it...then bring it...then disappear again.  All in all the meal was very boring, uninspired and served by someone who should never have been allowed on the floor.   He wasn't rude, he just didn't care and didn't seem to know what he was doing.   Won't be going back!
1	I usually love raving about good places to eat uptown, but this isn't one of those. I tried this place twice. Once for lunch and once over Christmas for dinner. Both times the food was cold and overpriced. Our waitress was having a hard time getting our order in and our drinks out due to the crowd. I swear the place over booked. It wasn't her fault. I think going forward, unless it's half price apps at happy hour, I'll be headed somewhere better.
4	If you are visiting "uptown" Charlotte and you like more of an upscale bar/restaurant atmosphere then you need to land in this place.  Try the Bluepoint raw oysters or tuna tartare for starters.  Then go with a steak.  I mean it's a steak restaurant after all.  Oh, full menu food service is available til 11:00pm, which is convenient.I do think they do not need to ask for a credit card at the bar prior to providing service based on the socioeconomic profile of the restaurants patrons.  It's dilutive to the overall experience.
