5	Delicious, fresh, filling, and friendly! Very nice choice among the Delano and Mandalay Bay breakfast choices. This place is open on one side and provides decent people watching. I'd say take your hangover to Raffles. Della's is more about providing fresh, quality ingredients with enough of a touch of butter, cheese or sauce to keep the meal feeling pretty healthy, but not too much so. SERVICE and ENVIRONMENT = 5 Stars- Roomy booths- Attentive, accommodating but not overbearing serviceI rated this five stars because I was so pleased with my breakfast this morning. Justin the manager stopped by and was very interested in hearing our feedback.MEAL CHOICES = 5 Stars1. Omelette with mushrooms, provolone, smoked bacon was made soft - exactly the way I like it. There were no overcooked or hard edges. Mushrooms were perfectly cooked, and the balance of the flavors was wonderful. Loved the bite of broccolini and the roasted tomato on the side. The dish was not shy on the amount of cheese, and was worth every bite. 2. Carne Asada Huevos Rancheros - Flavorful, nice texture, generous portion and included salsa and tomatillo sauces. Lovely presentation. Could easily feed two.3. Hasbrowns - One order done crisp, and one order done as usual. Both portions were delicious. 4. Fig and ? bread - Surely this was homemade. It had a bit of sweetness that reminded me of sourdough. The real whipped butter was just the perfect topping.5. Beet juice - Yum. Beet was the dominant flavor, but was more of an aftertaste. I first tasted the pineapple and strawberry. This sweet juice blend is beet colored and smells like beet, so only order this if you are a beet fan. I loved it!6. Coffee - Nicely roasted, and not too strong. My only comment would be to bring out twice the amount of catsup that was provided. Other than that, Justin was kind enough to provide some of the fresh ground coffee to go! Completely unexpected, but very appreciated. What a treat and what a way to end a wonderful meal!
3	Crab Benedict, although good, was not actually eggs benedict (very heavy even for a Benedict and poor visual display).  Duck panini was ok, seemed to be missing something.  French fries were delicious.  Service was unorganized, but quick and friendly. Prices are pretty high for the quality of the dishes, although the portions were good.
2	This is convenient if you're staying at Delano, but its definitely not a place to trek to. I ordered a cheese panini and it was just okay. The sandwich was haphazardly put together. The bread was just decent and the cheese was just okay. The small side of tomato soup was good. The fruit side had a chemical taste to it and I just couldn't eat most of it.
4	Amazing food....great service..great vibe.I had the chicken club. It was very good....a good approach to a classic sandwich with French fries.I will definitely come back!
4	We were looking for something new for lunch while furniture shopping.  Typically don't hit the strip for a quick lunch but the easy in /out valet at Delano worked great.Very tasty lunch and beautiful surroundings.  I had the Ahi Pole appetizer and hubby had the Club Sandwich.  I have a tiny appetite so the Ahi was perfect for me.  Super fresh and delicious. The salad alongside it was amazing. Super light  sesame dressing!Hubby really enjoyed the Club although a little untraditional on untoasted foccacia.  For dessert...had the seasonal Apple Cobbler for two.  Oh wow....comes with cinnamon ice cream and cookies.  One of the best desserts ever and only $10 for this fantastic dessert...are you kidding me?Definitely a "do again" place!
5	Great breakfast place!!! Very tasty, we had breakfast here this morning and they had fresh beet juice, the hash browns had carmelized onions which I asked them to do without but they couldn't so I got green salad instead. I also asked for regular eggs Benedict and they were able to do it. Staff was on top of it.
5	Stopped here after passing it by due to the Saturday morning crowd.  Had crab Benedict that I split with my wife. I should have kept it for myself. It was delicious.  Tried to eat the pancakes after and it did not compare.  Stick with just the one.  I'll be back!
4	I ended up at Della's Kitchen with Michael U. after a disappointing attempt at brunch elsewhere. It's a cute 'farm-to-table' style restaurant open to the walkway from Mandalay Bay to the new The Delano. I certainly think this was a win in the breakfast in Vegas department. You may wish to refer to Michael U's review for all the facts and details on the restaurant as well as pics. What follows is my opinion. We ordered quite a few items and split them all. Coffee, the pecan roll ($6), the biscuits ($5), the custard pancake, chicken and waffles, cinnamon raisin french toast, and the croque madame. The saddest dish was the croque madame. Suffering from not really being assembled properly,the bread became a burden and the mornay was lost on just Ok ham. The biscuits were very good. 3 mini salty, flaky, buttery. They had cheese, scallions, and bacon, but were not described as such in the menu. Despite their tasty flake, I still felt they needed butter and was happy they served whipped butter with our pastries. The pecan roll was stellar. I knew it would be amazing as soon as we cut into it. Tons or pecans, flaky, buttery, gooey. it had great texture and flavor. The pancake was good. Nothing to write home about, but it was done well! It would have been better had they served anything but the syrup they gave us. Hell, even warm up the fake syrup and it would have helped. But seriously, if they want to be farm to table. Step it up and get the real maple syrup. The french toast was better. I didn't notice any raisins and that was really a plus for me. That and the caramelized bananas with pecans that topped the custard soaked bread slices made this really tasty. Again, it would have been improved had the syrup been upgraded. The chicken and waffles were forgettable. Each ingredient was good on it's own and worked together, but nothing shined save the good bacon. There a quite a few other menu items I'd like to try as the menu looked good all around.I found the service to be very acceptable and enjoyed the good coffee. I wished the water glasses were larger and thought the dishes were adorable. Overall, this was a win for breakfast with SO many just blah or super expensive places for breakfast, Della's was good and hearty and I recommend it.
5	Normally I'd give this place 4 stars but the 3.5 average is NONSENSE, thus I bumped em up. I had the Benedict florentine. It was fantastic. Good spin on a classic dish. The eggs were cooked without being overdone. The spinach and the hollandaise sauce was perfect. If you order this dish ask for the hash browns to be crispy. Lil underdone for my taste. Our server, was fantastic. Friendly, patient, solid recommendations. The people watching is awesome. All sorts of characters walked by as we ate. Coffee was solid, lil pricey but good and our glasses were kept full. Girlfriend ordered a mushroom panini and cappuccino. The panini was average, the cappuccino was great. Tldr: great spot. Try breakfast over lunch. Recco Benedict or chicken and waffles (friend had those, was delish).
1	I'm giving them a 1 star because of their price and service. The food is good but not worth the price. I respect the farm to table concept., but a  scrambled egg and bacon should not cost $18. One cup of black coffee should not cost over $5. We eat in a lot of amazing restaurants. But this place is over priced and over rated.Let's talk service...very cold and inattentive.  Never checked in us until I called the waitress over for a refill of my overpriced cofee, and when it was time to pay up. So our bill was over a hundred dollars for 2 kids and 2 adults. Please spend you good money elsewhere.
3	This is our second time here and the food has always been great. However, our service was poor.  We were never asked for refills on our coffees ($5 for regular brew each) and the server didn't even come over to ask how we were doing. Then when the bill came .. We had to wait 10-15 minutes so he could "check" our room charge. And in the meantime he served others tables and left us waiting there. (By the looks of it.. We thought he just forgot us) And then when he finally came over he was like, "okay." And that was it.
5	Had the croque madam after a very late night and it hit the spot.  Not too many places serve up croque madams, so when  I saw it on the menu I had to order it.  The sauce on top was to die for.  Service was good.  I will definitely want to eat here next time I am in Vegas.
4	Great service. Healthy options. Juices and salads. Reasonably priced. The redesign with the Delano rebranding is more organic. The chunky old stodgy chairs were replaced by simply chic wooden ones. Farm to table vibe.
5	Went there based on yelp recommendation and I really liked it. Had granola and pancakes and it was delicious. Small line but well worth the wait!! Service was very nice and helpful!
4	This place was recommended to us by a friend and with being in the hotel we were staying it was close and convenient. There was plenty of space between tables and the place was very clean. Our server wasn't the friendliest (just asked for our order and asked if we were done and that was it). My husband got the Della's breakfast (french toast, bangers, scrambled eggs, and toast) and I got the omelet with an English muffin, a side of pumpkin pancake and fresh beet juice. The portions were big, filling, presented well, fresh, and delicious! I would recommend for a good, solid breakfast place!
4	Love, love, love everything about this restaurant except the service. The waiters could barely speak English, they were a bit cold and it took forever to get their attention. So for that I took off one star. The food on the other hand was great! The portions were perfect and the prices were reasonable. After reading what was in their menu I told my husband I hope the food tastes good because if it does I'm coming back. I've been searching for the perfect breakfast spot and I feel like with Della's I've found it! It's a bit of a drive because it's in an on-strip casino but well worth it! Not only does it offer a wide variety menu but they also serve fresh pressed juices. My favorite! I had the beet juice which was very smooth and good quality. They also have different bread and biscuit baskets for a starter which I thought was different and a great idea for breakfast. My favorite thing about this restaurant is that it's big and has many tables so you never feel rushed! In Vegas I'm used to long waits and feeling rushed by servers so this experience was refreshing. I can't wait to go back! P.s. This is the perfect place to sit back and relax if you need to burn time before heading to the airport.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place but beware that the portion sizes are huge and quite heavy. I had the blue crab benedict and the BF the croque madame. It was good but we were SO stuffed after eating it. I think we may have been better off ordering one entree, one side, and sharing them. We also tried the Mojave Burn juice (orange, carrot, cucumber, lemon, ginger, and cayenne) which was really good. I thought the cayenne would be too spicy (it is spicy but not overwhelmingly so) but it had a nice flavor and balance to it. A nice option for brunch in the new Delano hotel.
3	Items selected:- Blue crab benedict - artisan Brie, spinach, roasted tomatoes, Mornay $24- Custard pancakes - wild blueberries, vanilla butter $13Decor is nice, food is ok, but... I would expect more than artificial sweetener for the pancakes considering the status of the hotel and the price.Blue crab benedict was good but the Mornay sauce was a bit too heavy for me.
4	Convenient if staying at Mandalay or delano Ordered the bucatini carbonara which was very rich and filling would recommend to split this dishMust try pumpkin pancake! Delicious!!!! Also got omelet which was standard and good
4	Just had an excellent meal here! We did lunch, everything was terrific. Some incredible. I started with the homemade Bloody Mary mix. Superb. Like everything, it obviously was made with fresh, natural ingredients. The breadbasket was hearty, with many good choices...excellent bread. I had an amazing burger. The entire burger was wonderful, including heirloom tomatoes (made a big difference)... the bacon on the burger was the best bacon I have ever had in my life. The ketchup with the top notch fries was also the best ketchup in my life. Others had a terrific kale and quinoa salad, and a wonderful grilled cheese. Can't wait to go back to breakfast. Oh! And while we were there, the chef came out and served everyone fresh juices he had just squeezed. Don't miss this if you are in then Mandalay Bay complex. Or close!
