5	They're always incredibly friendly and helpful. I've gotten to liking their iced coffee with a splash of milk. The toddy is smooth and flavorful, just as a toddy should be. Plus, at $1.80 for the medium toddy, I can make it a regular splurge and I love the flavor much more than any iced beverage from the big chain.Off their food menu, we've tried some of the breakfast items. My husband thought his burrito, served with a side of salsa, was tasty. I tried an English muffin with bacon, cheddar and egg white and it was pretty awesome. I enjoyed it immensely and have been daydreaming about them since. We have tried a number of the muffins and pastries and all are great!One day, I did purchase a muffin that had a raw spot inside. I meant to bring it to their attention the next time I was in, which turned out to be the next afternoon. Before I could bring it up, they did! They apologized, mentioning that they realized the batch had these raw spots and offered us a replacement pastry. So not only did they remember that they'd sold one to me, they sought out to fix the problem. I think it's rare to find customer service so intent on making sure their customers needs are met. Yes, occasionally you get something like a less-than-stellar product. But how many businesses seek you out to make up for it. The menu is pretty varied and I look forward to taking the kids in for lunch (kids menu!) or breakfast. I'm so excited to have these guys in my neighborhood! *Please* check them out and support this local business!!
5	So, I have to edit my review because we've tried a few different things on the menu now. One is the blueberry coffeecake they had available one day last week. I've not seen it available before but they had it on Friday so I tried it. It was really very good, with a crunchy crumb topping and chunks of blueberries. Today we went to the Pet Club next store for their customer appreciate thing and so we stopped by for lunch. My daughter got an egg/bacon/cheese burrito. They offer an herb tortilla which my daughter wasn't crazy about, but I loved. I thought it really added some depth to the burrito. I'm not usually a burrito kind of girl, but my kids had all attacked my grilled cheese, so I traded out for part of the burrito and was very pleased with it. I actually finished the second half for dinner tonight (it was too big for me to eat the whole thing at lunch, but my husband could eat a whole one). My other daughter ordered the mac and cheese from the kids' menu. I have no idea how they make it but it's definitely not your Kraft mac and cheese. We all stuck spoons in to sneak bites, it was so good. It was served garnished with some herbs and red bell pepper (which I ate since my daughter didn't want the red stuff on her lunch) and loved the combo of the peppers and the mac and cheese. I had ordered the grilled cheese. It came with a few types of cheeses (they list them on the menu) served on sourdough. Delish! Like I said, we ended up cutting it and sharing it around the table. It was served with chips and I know there was a choice of sides, but I would have preferred a veggie side. I noticed after that they had a sauteed veggie side listed on their menu. Next time I'd get that, since I don't normally eat potato chips (though these were great, sort of a kettle-cooked variety). I'd love to see more veggie sides offered, specifically with the kids meals. But I think their menu seems to be evolving some as they go and I look forward to see how it changes. Going tomorrow for the Mothers' Day Brunch menu and can't wait. Will I be able to choose just one dish? Hmm.
3	Finally a coffee spot in Kohls shopping center! So excited to have a meeting place nearby.  I wish this business great success.  So far only had a chance to grab a quick mocha iced coffee and it was very tasty.  could have used a little more whipped cream but next time I will request it. Looking forward to trying their food next time. I really hope they do well we needed a place like this. :). Will update after I try the food.
3	Being that this place is brand new, I didn't want to slam them with a one star.  I ordered two iced vanilla lattes and got two extremely milky drinks with barely any espresso in them.  My husband insists there wasn't any!  Not good.  We tried the cinnamon rolls and they were delicious.  Definitely big enough to share.  Ok customer service.  Since my order was to go and there was a constant stream of dine in orders, mine got lost in the shuffle but it wasn't too long of a wait.  Be prepared to taste your coffee before you leave if ordering to go.  Has a large menu of both eats and drinks so I would be willing to give it another try.
4	It is so nice to have a coffee shop across the street from where I live. $2 for a huge iced coffee is unbeatable and the pastries are pretty good. The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the food menu. The portions are crazy small for the price and the food was overall just so so. Other than that the service is great and I look forward to the cooler months to check out their hot drinks!.
4	The chai latte and americano were very smooth and flavorful.  Nice assortment of baked goods as well.  Family owned and accommodating staff.  Better coffee than The Coffee Shop.  The breakfast sandwich on English Muffin needs improvement.  It was like an egg frisby on a tiny English Muffin with a tiny piece of sausage.  Overall, liked it and will go back.
5	Mellow place. They have a top of the line roaster and multiple bean offerings. I had a juicy French dip with a side of veggies and some free lemon strawberry water. All was wonderful. This AM I ground and French pressed the Costa Rican beans I bought and the are done right. You will enjoy this place.
3	First time trying out coffee shop. Staff was friendly, but if you don't have extra time you will be frustrated. It took a really long time to get tea and sandwiches. Quality was average on food. Chicken and roast beef were dry. Environment is very cute and they have free WiFi if you want to just sit and have a coffee.
4	Very good coffee and baked goods. Always stop in for a toddy before going into Sprout's.
4	Great coffee selection with plenty of dairy and sugar free options.  Very impressed.
4	So happy I came across this cool laid back cafe.  I love to support local buissnesses and this I will be a regular at.  Great prices and have healthy, veggie options.  I built my own egg white breakfast burrito.  The herb tortilla was really good!  Only little bummer was they forgot one of the veggies inside but I didn't even notice till the end because it was that good.  Give it a try!
4	So happy to have a local coffee shop! Excellent customer service and yummy fresh roasted coffee. May get 5 stars once I try the food but 4 for now the coffee since it's a coffee house. New breakfast menu looks wonderful though I have yet to try the food. I look forward to returning often to patronize a local entrepreneur!
4	Great coffee and good food. I tried the iced caramel macchiato and had the breakfast platter. Simple breakfast was well done just needed some country potatoes or hash browns to make this breakfast perfect. On a technicality, I'd recommend soft butter for the toast. Just a pet peeve of mine.
4	Nice local business.  Really cool coffee bean roaster - would like to see it on action.  Staff friendly, service good, breakfast croissant delicious, and good joe.  Check it out - hope they make it!
4	Awesome little stop for great coffee and a bite.  Had an iced mocha, yogurt parfait, and a croissant.  Everything was very yummy, and the parfait was a great balance of fruit to yogurt to granola. Service was very fast, and very friendly. The only thing that could use improvement is the flatware.  They have these great plates and cups, but then you're stuck with this cheap plastic utensil. Either invest in some real utensils, or spend a little extra on some better plastic pieces.
5	Like the flavor of the espresso; nice change of pace vs *bucks. Big selection of coffee syrups. Pastries are really good & good selection. They also have a wide variety of cafe breakfast & lunch choices - haven't tried any yet so can't rate the food though. Also, on a hot day try the ice toddy with your favorite syrup, it's a great way to go!
4	So... They lost a star for a bad customer service experience. If your menu is wrong, either pull the menu or honor the price. Regardless don't just make excuses.
5	Love this place. Went here for the first time today. I did stand in line for about 5 minutes but I was in no hurry.  I had a caramel macchiato and bagel.  They were both quite delicious. The atmosphere was very laid back. The entire staff was very friendly and attentive.  I will definitely be telling my friends about this place.
2	Coffee was just ok. Got a hot americano and it tasted very bland and weak. Service was good though.
4	Great coffee.  Amazing blueberry coffee cake french toast. However they have to recognize that in Gilbert you are going to have customers with kids.  High chairs are great for keeping them corralled
5	So good!  Digging the monthly specials. They now have their toddy coffee concentrated in jars,  to take home.
4	Really happy with my coffee I ordered.  Breakfast was pretty good.  I had the scrambled eggs, and they were nice.  Overall a good place!
4	First thing I looked for was if they offered a pour over - oh yes. That's what did it for me with Higher Grounds, not many places around Gilbert offer a pour over option, and they have some pretty exotic varieties of coffe (I recommend the Sidamo blend with the pour over). Definitely coming back! They roast in the store, and that's awesome.
4	Probably some of the best prices on coffee I have come across in the Valley. They have toddy concentrate that you can take home to make your own. Staff is friendly and it's a super cute atmosphere. They have a back patio that is perfect for relaxing and enjoying your food and drinks during the parts of the year that it doesn't feel like we are living in the fourth ring of Hell.
4	My wife and I enjoyed the atmosphere, employees and of course the drinks.  We will absolutely come back!
3	the experience i had with this place was ehh ok. There coffee is different, which i always love to try new things. the first time walking in i wanted a blended drink with coffee. The baristas there didnt seem to know what i was talking about. i wanted something with coffee. I got the white chocolate with toddy. Then the second time i went in i just got a regular iced latte and put the pumps of sugar in myself. Everytime i go there the bar area with the sugars and stuff is always a mess, and the girls that work there arent very nice. The pricing is reasonable i just wish they were more upbeat like the people at starbucks.
4	Lunch with a dear friend is always wonderful, but lunch with a dear friend at Higher Grounds Roastery and Cafe is downright incredible! My friend and I enjoyed the Thursday salad special, a caprese salad with chicken. I'm still thinking about that salad, and I'm not one to dwell on salad greens. The iced chai latte was refreshing and flavorful. The only thing I can think of to suggest for improvement is to invest in sturdier tables. Our table was a little on the rickety side, however the friendly service and the high quality of the food and drinks more than made up for it. I will definitely go back! I want to try the prickly pear salad next time!
4	Tried this place for the first time today before heading over to Sprouts. I tried to order the Mocha blended coffee but they were out so I ordered the dark roast House blend coffee in the meantime. It was a very good price $2.16 with tax, for a large and I really enjoyed the flavor. I will definitely visit again.
5	Go here practically everyday! The food is always fresh (I can taste it practically off the stove) very friendly staff! Awesome environment for anyone to go to to relax or catch up on a good book.
4	This place is really good! I came here for the first time and got an iced coffee and their BLTAA. The coffee was so good and the sandwich was amazing too! It came with a side of fresh roasted vegetables. I can't wait to try more things on the menu!
3	Coffee is pretty good. It's quite and i saw someone get served some eggs and bacon!
4	Stopped in for iced coffee.  YUM. Only four stars because the sign looks like a rooster and I walked by 3 times b4 I found it. Its kinda funny but also a little annoying.  Service was fast and friendly.  Like the iced brew a lot even without milk:)
3	Met a friend here for an afternoon coffee. The place has a great vibe and friendly staff. Menu has a variety of choices between coffee drinks and food. I ordered an iced toddy and it was very good. They roast their beans on site. Their baked goods (not the bagels) are made in-house and looked very delicious. It's also nice that they offer free Wi-Fi.
3	Coffee is great, but over $40 for breakfast for 2 adults and 1 child is a bit much when I can go to other places and pay up to 50% less and get a full service local owned restaurant. Breakfasts don't include potatoes either which is weird to me.
5	Love love love. I will definitely be back. It's quiet, cute, and service was very quick. Had a simple breakfast...eggs, english muffin, & fruit. After I ordered my Americano I saw the employee's "favorites" board. Now I have to go back for a lavender + honey latte!
4	Did not get any food here, though it does sound good, but I did like the chai I got. This place has lots of options, and some unique ones as well which I thought was cool.I like the feel of HG. It is a small, cute place. A nice little coffee shop. I ordered a chai with almond milk. It was good. A lot of places only have cow's milk or soy milk and I do not like either of those, so was excited to see they were one of the more rare places that have almond milk as an option.Would be interested in coming back here for breakfast!
5	Wonderful service. The guys working were very nice and helpful! very close to my place, will for sure be back!!
5	Food is great!  Coffee is great! Service is great!  They have a variety of options for coffee and lattes.  Wide range of items on menu.  Everything is fresh and local.  My fav is the yogurt parfait.  The house made granola is yummy!
4	Higher Grounds is the perfect brunch spot.  They have full size meal options and pastries. I had the French toast and Dan had the yogurt parfait. My French toast was delicious but a tad but more than we wanted to spend on it. I tried their coffee milk and Dan had a pour over coffee. The coffee milk is sweet and just strong enough. As far as their coffee and food goes it's a 5/5. I loved what I got and I wanted more. The store and it's employees are great. Friendly and clean. I love the decor and layout. 5/5 The price ended up being $20 for food and coffee. Not really what I wanted to pay but reasonable and it wouldn't stop me from going again. 3/5 Whether you're hard core coffee lover is just like pumpkin spice lattes, try it out. It has something for everyone.
5	Excellent coffee and service! Everything I've tried here is excellent, from the iced coffee, to the blended drinks and lattes. Delicious food, made fresh, even most of the baked goods are made here...and they always have different food specials. Chill atmosphere, comfortable place to eat or just hanging out.
5	I visited Higher Grounds for breakfast with my son, they have good coffee/tea & don't actually have a raspberry tea but they made a blend special for my son. We thought that was awful nice of them!!
2	Saw the reviews and they all looked great. Unfortunately the wait for just a basic breakfast was over 25 min. I'm guessing that based on reviews that this was a one time event but still happened. For was good.
3	I was really hoping that this place would be good...all we got was "ok". We ordered the Frenchman and the French Canadian breakfast sandwiches.  Thank god I added jalapenos otherwise it wouldn't have had any flavor at all. Burnt eggs and un toasted English muffins.  Breakfast snob? Perhaps, but if they don't get creative with their dishes,I can't see them lasting much longer...at least not on my roster.
5	Locally owned coffee/breakfast joint. Love the iced toddy. The coffee is cold brewed and it puts Starby's to shame. *hint- add sugar free vanilla and it's even better* Since we moved away from Gilbert, we don't frequent here as often unless we visit family in the area. I definitely miss their rotating weekend breakfast specials. They manage to come up with something new and 'licious every time.I read a few reviews that griped about the prices? I think the prices are reasonable and reflect the quality and freshness that I expect when dining out. It's no worse than Village Inn and the food is way better. Also, bearing in mind this is a small local business I don't mind paying these prices to keep these honest folks around and in business. Keep it up!
4	Darn good coffee. Oh wait, wrong place.  But it's true!I like the vibe, pretty cozy. Lots of wood and neutral tones. Smaller tables which allows me to take up a table by myself without feeling guilty for taking up too much space. They are south-facing with lots of windows which allows the sun to fill the room with natural light. Their menu has just enough options to keep my belly happy while I drink my coffee and get some work done on my laptop. Or you can buy a bakery item if you don't want a meal. Staff was super nice and on top of things.  Two thumbs up for roasting coffee onsite!!
5	The actual best kept secret in Gilbert. This place is pretty hidden, but don't let that stop you. As a barista, I can confidently say that HG has the highest quality specialty coffee in this part of the valley. Not to mention, the nicest employees and a completely relaxed environment. 5 stars for Higher Grounds!
5	Some of the best espresso in gilbert.   Excellent food.
5	Very simple yet very good Local Coffee Shop. The people here are so friendly and willing to listen to immediate feedback. For me, it's convenient, fast, and tastes good. Its like going over to close friends house... The regular coffee is consistently good...Breakfast sandwiches,  the burrito, and the french toast are so good! and if you want a special order, well they do that too.Wishing this local shop great success
5	This place is great. The food was quick and tasty and the home-roasted coffee was delicious. I like the decor, which is a mix of wooden accents and blue-themed artwork. The staff were courteous and checked on me more often than some restaurant waiters would (this place is not full service), so I was really impressed!Finally, the prominent home-roasting machine in the front was pretty cool and let's you know right away that they take their coffee seriously. Keep up the great work!
