2	I'm writing to inform the public of my experience through the academy of scuba, which was completely different than advertised or paid for. After completing research related to the scuba certification process, I was impressed with the Academy of Scuba and their willingness to provide personalized and private lessons. Of course, such services come with a cost.  However, given that their services met my needs and would assist with the training of my minor nephew (and scuba buddy) I didn't care. Thus, I entered into a contract with Academy of Scuba for the certification of both myself and my fifteen-year-old nephew. My understanding of this contract included private lessons and check out dives. However, when it came time for our check out dives, there was nothing private about it. We had an additional member join us on our dives. This occurred without my knowledge, consent or rebate in price. Additionally, our check out dives occurred at Vista Point. A small and overly populated bay at Lake Pleasant Harbor. On our dive days, there were multiple teams and over 30 additional divers checking out in the same area we were. The day of our check out consisted of dark, murky water with no more than three feet visibility. Ten minutes into our first dive, our group merged with two other dive groups. Within seconds, there were literally 10 divers in the same small place all fighting for space. It became very confusing and unnerving. My nephew and I were separated from our group and dive master. Additionally, a diver master from one of the other groups pulled my nephew out of my grip and away from me (I'm not sure of his motivation for such behavior but think it's likely that he lost sight of his students and assumed my nephew was one of his). They quickly swam off and I became separated from my nephew and dive buddy. Given that I couldn't find my dive master and was separated from my buddy, I rose to the surface and waited for everyone else to surface so that we could regroup. I spent several minutes in a complete panic given that I had no sight of my dive buddy, but more importantly my minor family member. Trust me parents, this is NOT a feeling you want to experience. When I raised my concerns to Academy of Scuba regarding the incident, they blamed my nephew for losing his dive buddy. I want to remind you, he was literally pulled away from me in a chaotic setting which they advertise doesn't exist given their personalized and tailored services. Buyer beware. Academy of scuba provides no specialized or tailored services despite their advertisements. They are no different than the run of the mill competition which dives in chaotic, over populated settings that create panic and mayhem. I share my story in hopes that you don't make the same disappointing choice I made in using this agency. Brady
4	I wanted to take this opportunity to follow up in regards to actions taken by Academy of Scuba regarding my concerns. In a phone call with the owner on 6/7/12, he validated and took responsibility for my concerns. He agreed the situation was not ideal and shouldn't have happened. He also agreed that the situation was a learning experience in which he could improve his services. I have to say I'm impressed with his follow up. I should also note that a refund and invitation for additional services were offered. For me, this was not about the money but the poor and anxiety provoking experience I had. I truly believe my concerns will be addressed and/or resolved for future companies. I appreciate the steps take to correct the situation and satisfy me as a customer. I will be giving this organization a second chance as a result. Brady
5	I have always wanted to try scuba diving...but my fiance wasn't quite as enthusiastic! We went into the Academy of Scuba, just down the street from our house, simply to inquire about how much went into getting certified!  After almost an hour of talking about the amazing things you can do when you're certified...even my cynical fiance was ready to jump in!!  Tanya was an amazing ambassador for the sport....she was enthusiastic and understanding!  She could tell my fiance needed to get over her fear....and that I needed to reign in my ambition! We're certified now....and there is a lot that goes into it!  But its the most exhilarating and tranquil things you will ever experience!!  The Academy of Scuba will show you how its done!!!
2	My fiance and I got a deal on groupon back in July for academy of scuba off of Bell rd. Needless to say my 2 stars shows how our experience went but I do have one good thing to say to lighten this review first:Our lake diver certification teacher (Skip) was stellar! He was super fun and very very knowledgeable! Skip is the best- if you go here ask for Skip- seriously.But the rest of Academy of Scuba off of bell road was a disaster. They lost our medical papers, scuba release forms, and said they "scheduled" us for our check out dive- which was completely false and we had to re-schedule. I did NOT get along with our pool instructor Marsha. She was snobby and had very little positive motivation for our class. Marsha is the bad- avoid Marsha at all costs - very very serious.No one told us that we could do our paper work test online when we went in for our first intro visit. So we ended up reading the entire padi certification book with all the book quizzes completed. Only to learn that this meant we had to do even MORE work than the rest of the class and take 2 separate multiple choice tests that took up almost all of our lunch break (just super).Half of the staff are just highbrow scuba snobs that LOVE to tell you how stupid you are about being financially cautious in regards to buying scuba gear. And the other half are CLUELESS to how any type of technology works in the office and/or how to properly file documents (With the exception of Skip- he was just awesome).At one point I forwarded a letter to the owner John Flanders after the store ignored all my e-mails and multiple phone calls about missing medical papers.  He was very very nice in his message back to me and let me know our missing files were top priority with the staff. I can only hope this store has gotten better since our experience last July. But if you're thinking about taking a class there- hopefully some of this information can serve as a warning. And if you are, all I can say is Good luck, you're going to need it!
5	Acadamy of Scuba is great for new or old divers. I love this place. I found AOS in October 2012 when I moved back to Phoenix. I remember driving by this place years ago and always wanting to stop in, but I never did. Evidently, AOS opened in this long-time scuba spot in 2012.I first came here in October 2012 to take the Rescue Diver class. The class was great. It was taught by CG Durda, and it really was thorough. At AOS, the classes--especially the advanced classes--aren't just about accomplishing the bare minimum. They usually add tons of extra activities so that you are really learning and benefiting from the instructors' extensive experience. Most of the instructors have hundreds or thousands of dives and have dove in all sorts of conditions. AOS's model is "the dive shop that dives," and that's really true. Everyone who works there considers scuba diving their passion. When we had our open water dives for Resuce, there were tons of people out at Lake Pleasant just diving or hanging out between dives. AOS creates a community for divers, and anyone can become a part of it. As an outsider, I was immediately made to feel welcome, and I was told all about the meet-ups out at the lake for diving. If you don't have a buddy, there is always someone you can join. Continuing on the social note, AOS has two monthly socials a week. I typically am pretty introverted and don't partake in such thing, but I made myself go to one--and now I go all the time. Why? Because now I have a ton of friends in the dive community, and this is a regular way to meet up, talking diving, or just hang out. There are all sorts of people in this crowd--from heart surgeons to construction workers--but the constant between everyone is friendliness and a love for diving. AOS also has tons of trips, and what is great about that is it isn't just a ticket clearance office, but a hub for dive trips that puts together lots of Phoenix divers. In April 2013, I've already booked a trip to Roatan, where the entire resort will be divers from Phoenix. Since I've been diving with AOS now for a few months, I know a ton of people on the trip. Plus, all the dive leaders will be staff I've gotten to know and are comfortable with.On the learning side, I purchased their "complete diver" program, which is a ridiculously affordably priced package for multiple dive specialties. Since July, I've complete several additional specialties, such as dry suit, night diver, debris removal diver, fish identification, equipment specialist, underwater navigator, and DAN's DEMP course (which is a super comprehensive emergency first responder/O2 provider/first aid course). The instructors I've had include Dominic Diodato, John Flanders (owner), and Randall Medders, as well as a host of others who drop in to help out. All of ths instructors are incredibly patient and knowledgeable. There is no attitude of superiority here--even amongst people like John, who has had thousands of dives. I'm not naming all of their staff, but I have had experiences with most of them, and, while all have their different strengths and weaknesses, there isn't a bad one among them.There is always people hanging around the shop, and the indoor pool is often open just to come in and practice skills. The selection of gear is good, and what they don't have at the store they can order for you. Prices are a little higher than online, but I'm ok with paying a little more to have a local store to check things out. I think they have price match, though. In talking with the owner, I know that there is a method to the way they stock their store. For example, while there aren't tons and tons of wetsuits always sitting around, that is because wet suite degrade, and they won't sell a customer a wetsuit that's been sitting on the shelf a year and lost some of its insulating abiltiies. ASK if you want something you don't see. Both Dominic at the Metro location and Tania at the Paradise Valley location are very accomodating.I've had an opportunity also to observe open water classes and discover scuba diving. Personally, I've referred several of my own friends to AOS. They are extremely thorough, never compromise PADI standards, and, as always, add additional experiences to enhance the class. The instructors are patient and will work with any skill level, age, or fear. I know they have people specialized to help students with physical limitations, for example, and they work with a lot of kids, as well.I've always been pretty picky about what dive shop I use, because I want to be able to trust the people helping equip and train me for what can be a hazardous environment. AOS has never let me down. And more than that, I've met a ton of people that have become my friends. I've always loved diving since I first dove 15 years ago, but I was always a once or twice a year vacation diver. AOS has allowed my to develop my passion through continuing education and being a member of an active dive community.
4	Got my PADI certificate here. Love the PV location but both are great. Great instruction, very safe teaching style.
5	Academy of Scuba recently became a client of mine so I thought a scuba lesson would be in order. Tania, Martha and the staff were friendly, professional and very easy to learn from and create a great learning environment.Great place to learn and fall in love with Scuba
2	I signed up for a refresher dive some time ago. I called the shop to make sure the class was at the Bell Road location which the shop validated. When I got to the shop they said that class was at the Metro shop. Luckily, there was an instructor available and I was able to take the course there. Had I not had my own equipment, I would have been SOL since they had sent a rental regulator to the Metro shop. They were not sure they had my paperwork so I filled out some liability forms. Never asked for my "C" card and kind of shuffled me off to the pool. They said I would get a sticker for my log book but the shop was locked up when I finished my refresher course. Finally, the shop was locked when I left and I had to go out the backdoor and haul all my equipment around the building to my car. When I came back today to ask some questions about equipment and to purchase some accessories, I waited for about ten minutes and no one recognized my presence. I left without purchasing anything. These guys seem oblivious to detail. They are an enthusiastic bunch but not well organized. On the upside, I had Kevin for my refresher course. It was the best refresher course I have ever had. He was thorough, knowledgeable, and encouraged me throughout the course to accomplish all the steps and procedures.. I have been diving for twelve years and have over 200 dives and I learned several tips, tricks and other valuable information from Kevin. A bright spot in an otherwise dismal experience.
5	The Academy of Scuba, whether it be the PV or Metro location, have been an excellent experience. I started at the PV location over a year ago to obtain my open water certification and trained with AOS ever since. The staff are very friendly and knowledgable when it comes to educating customers or potential prospect clients. I appreciate how the Academy of Scuba will adjust your training around your schedule to ensure you have the best experience possible. The dive professionals at the Academy of Scuba are also fun to train with and take a personal interest in your development as a diver. Getting involved with the diving community through this business has formed many new friendships that will likely last a lifetime. The community is very close and we often dive with one another regularly. They have monthly dive socials and are at the lake every weekend to give anybody a chance to dive with them. They also organize underwater vacations, my favorite, which provide affordable vacations to exotic places!!! These trips can cater to any budget or lifestyle. Finally, I want to end on the training aspect, you can take any type of class with the Academy of Scuba. They train open water certifications to instructor certifications. As far as specialties go, you name it, they train it!!! This caters to any type of dive goal you may have or dream dive you have been wanting to pursue. I highly recommend this shop for ANYONE!!!
5	Great group! I would highly recommend to anyone looking for scuba lessons! The owner has always been very good to me. Great inventory on hand and staff willing to help you from open water courses to technical courses!
5	Academy of Scuba Rocks!!! All the staff  and instructors at PV and Metro are helpful and knowledgeable, Dominic, David, Marsha, Mark, John, just to name a few.  My son, boyfriend, and I just started diving this year. I bought my own equipment after I got my open water certification. So I have a lot of questions. Everyone is more than willing to help and don't mind me picking their brains for information. There is such a family atmosphere whenever  I have gone into either shop and also at the scuba socials that that we have attended. Academy of Scuba has been a positive experience in my new found love. I will be diving for years to come. Thanks Academy!!
5	I did my cert here and let me tell you these guys are wonderful, I had some anxiety and they respected my concerns and educated me and worked with me, everyone in the shop was helpful and supportive through out the whole process my instructors Casey and Dave where first class all the way!!!
