4	Ordered pizza from here last night for take-out.  Girl on phone was very polite and answered all of my questions confidently.  Was told pizza would be done in 15 minutes.  Went to pick it up ~12 minutes later.  It was ready and boxed up to go.  Exactly as ordered, hot, fresh ingredients, and LOTS of cheese - so yummy.  Will order here again.  The wife really liked Barro's pizza crust/dough.
5	This Barro's moved to its current location from an old, dingy spot further south on Power Rd. The new location is a huge improvement. It's airy and spacious with lots of windows. There are just two design choices that baffle me. They put a long row of benches right in front of the cashiers. When you place a to go order, you get to sit down and stare at the butts of all incoming patrons. Awkward. The other odd choice is to make it so if you're sitting near the video games or the whole north side section, there is no shortcut to the restrooms and soda machines. You have to go back to the front of the restaurant. Other than that, the pizza and service are good, so I recommend a visit.
4	Normally a 5 star spot on account of the pizza alone, the affordable and filling lunch special is awesome, and the people who work there are usually very friendly. My recent visit left a bit to be desired, though. The cashier took a while to get to us, and there was no line to speak of, only one person in front of us. My friend got his order in, and then when it was my turn they ran out of sausage pizza, so I had to have it run out to my table. Not the end of the world, this has happened before and they usually have my second slice to me before I've finished the first. This time, it took quite a bit longer. It seemed like they were unprepared for the large groups of kids' soccer teams, but that's probably the same crowd they get every Saturday. All that aside, it's still a delicious slice of pizza, so I'd strongly recommend it to anyone.
2	We used to get pizza from the old location and other locations frequently. Typically this us a favorite among the family. However, the pizza from this location lacks the flavor received at other locations. Maybe it was the lack of sauce or the crazy amount of toppings but it wasn't good at all. The staff was friendly but maybe they need help with the actual pizza making. It just tasted like grease on bread... YUCK
2	What happen to the service ?  The staff at the old location was more friendly and responsive. I am always waiting to pick up my order. The pizza is a still great, but the service at the new location is poor. Management needs to get involved and improve the service.
1	Kinda mushy pizza here. Barro's is all over this valley, but usually tastes better than what I got here. Not the best salad either. Better places are nearby.
2	we ordered cheese pizza slices and salads. My daughter brought our slices to the table while the salads had to be made. I wasn't impressed with the sight of the pizza to begin with since I could tell they were not very fresh or warm. While waiting for the salads they brought out a piping hot cheese pizza. I was bummed that I got the crappy old pizza slices while the guy right behind me got the fresh hot slice. I even said something to the gal about being bummed about it and she just laughed. No thanks Barros. Old pizza is crap pizza.
4	We don't come here all the time, but I like this place. The "thick crust" pizza is hand-tossed and has a thicker crust (not Chicago style deep dish, but thick). It comes out crispy on the outside while being chewy on the inside. They use quite a lot of cheese... Awesome! This is the kind of pizza that you should put "stuff" on and eat with a fork. Sure, you could go cheese-only, but a crust like this begs to be topped with everything. In my experiences, they are pretty generous with their toppings.They also have a thin crust option, pasta, wings, and sandwiches, but I've never tried them.The place is very popular with families and children's sports teams, so it can get crowded and noisy at times. That's when you activate the "To Go" option.At lunch time, they have very reasonable slices specials: one slice and a drink, two slices and a drink, one slice, a salad, and a drink, etc.
