2	Very small portions and very pricey. Luckily the club isn't so bad, a bit of an older crowd. Food quality is very good depending on what you get. Eat beforehand. Quasedeas recommended
4	Loved the setting and Dj in the background. Good looking staff, but the service was just okay... It took a while to get serviced (perhaps they were under staff?). I ordered the salmon entree and it was a little on the salty side, but still good. My friend ordered the rib eye and really enjoyed it. We had the Tarimisu was off the hook-- one of the best i ever tasted! We also ordered a bottle of wine. The portions were fair. For two entrees, one dessert, and a bottle of wine... We felt the price was fair (a little below $140). The only reason why we gave it 4 star was because of the service (but everyone was really nice tho!!)
4	This is a sleek and stylish restaurant that opens up as a huge dance floor on certain nights, especially Fri & Sat. This is where the good looking people come to party and if you're not there early enough, you may not be allowed inside.  Wood 35 is at the southern entrance of where St. Laurent becomes epic at its intersection with Sherbrooke.  From that point going north until its intersection with Mont-Royal, you will find dozens upon dozens of venues where you can party in one of Canada's most famous streets.  Wood 35 is a fixture on this scene and as it empties out after last call you will see some of the highest concentration of attractive people you have seen anywhere.That said, Wood 35 is full of beautiful people but, as you can imagine, it is pretentious. The music is good and the bartenders are hot, but you will pay a lot for drinks and it can get quite crammed inside. It is also very dark so it's hard to get a good view of what someone actually looks like while inside.I recommend this place for at least a visit if you like high end nightlife and have a good group of friends who appreciate the same. Perhaps come have dinner and then hang around for the party afterwards.
1	If I could have given thus place no stars I would have. While I do agree that this place is super sleek, posh, well decorated, and the kind of place that attracts beautiful people, the absolutely horrible service destroyed any chance that my party and I were going to have a good night there. We were a party of 12 out for a bachelorette party and this was our first stop. We ordered 12 shots and the female bartender informed us that the bottle was only $145. It wasn't...she did not tell us it was $175 all in with tax. Fine. I could have forgiven this as a miscommunication, however when we went to pay for our bottle we did not leave a tip...because literally all the woman did was take the bottle off the shelf and hand it to us. Since we were planning on being there a while we planned on tipping in the usual manner if leaving a few bucks on the bar per drink. 5 minutes after paying the bartender came up to us and proceeded to lambast us, noting that the tip was not included in the  bill. She DEMANDED more  money...and continued to demand more money. Additionally, none of the other bartenders would pay any attention to us. I asked for a salt shaker for my tequila and one if them literally rolled their eyes. However, when groups of men came to the bar they were more than happy to shake their barely covered ta tas in an effort to squeeze a little more cash out if them.  12 girls, obviously unimpressed, apparently weren't worth the effort. If you enjoy being like they're doing you a favor for serving you, by all means come to this place. But Montreal has so many great places...to me its not worth it.
