5	A great way to spend an afternoon is this miniature tropical jungle on the south side of Edinburgh. Watch the butterflies feed, and they land on you too. There are also turtles fish and quail. The educational aspect is fun, with an ant farm, stick insects, and a tarantula which they will allow to walk on your handls if you like! Be prepared for the heat inside, though. It has to be kept hot and humid for the wildlife.
5	A friend took me here a while ago, and I found it truly magical.When you walk in the first thing that hits you is the humidity and heat. This is because many of the butterflies cannot survive in cooler climes.I was amazed by the variety of sizes, let alone colours of butterflies. It's almost like being transported into another world..sometimes my friend would point out a butterfly and because of it being so cleverly camouflaged, it would take a little while to spot it, as it rested on a flower.Laughter is always easy here, as you realise you have a beautiful winged creature on your shoulder, your skirt, your head, or that several have taken a fancy to your friend!There are other beasties which are much less attractive in here too, types of ants, beatles and some I couldn't bear to look at.Unfortunately, the heat is likely to drive you out just a bit sooner than you'd likeWell worth a visit, and there is a cafe and souvenirs on sale. There is another Butterfly World at Sherborne, Dorset, which I visited years ago.
5	Easily the best big day in for the money. Come here on the worst rainy day and find a warm tropical wonderland full of exotic butterflies, snakes, lizards, interesting insects and helpful, informative staff. We had our daughter's 5th birthday party here and it was a total hit with kids ranging from 15 months to 13 years old. Even the adults had fun handling animals and letting butterflies land on them. Really one of the best parties I've been to, let alone thrown. Two thumbs up.
3	I chose completely the wrong day to do this.  This would be a great day out for a wet and cold traditional Scottish Summer day. I of course planned our trip on a scorcher and had to contend with a very grumpy g missing out on valuable vitamin D.  Smudge loved walking into the rainforest and seeing all the butterflies doing their thing. She was fascinated by the cocoons and getting to see butterflies mid hatching was pretty impressive. Especially when some of them are the size of a side plate.As well as the butterflies, there were koi, terrapins, a red footed tortoise and little grouse all roaming/swimming around. You get up nice and close to everything and if you manage to stay still might get a butterfly accessory. Although, not if you are a very excitable child hopping up and down squealing "land on me, land on me" - funny that!The highlight of our visit was the reptile house with snakes from little to thank goodness that glass looks thick large, lizards, chameleons, iguanas and wall of spiders.  There were also promises of a leaf ant colony which massively appealed to the geek in me and I was really disappointed to find all the rope ways and viewing points empty. Disappointed until I mentioned to one of the staff who explained that the ants had got bored and moved their colony, queen and all, and showed me where they were now displaying feats of amazing leaf lugging strength.  Not using any of the areas they were supposed to be and appealing massively to my inner rebel by living where they wanted to live.We stuck around for one of the handling sessions thinking that there might be a chance of smudge getting to hold something.  Instead we were treated to a brilliant half hour talk all about some of the reptile house inhabitants and getting to hold a giant millipede, a dwarf royal python and a chilean rose tarantula.  The lady giving the talk was obviously really passionate out her creepy crawlies and she was brilliant with smudge encouraging her to leave her comfort zone and let the millipede legs tickle her fingers. I really want to give Edinburgh Butterfly and insect world more than 3 stars. We had a great time there and the staff were absolutely amazing. But the place looked really tired. I'm guessing green mossy mould grows pretty quick in the jungle like conditions but even taking this into account the place was manky. The honey bee walk area was in dire need of repair with broken screens, missing corrugated plastic from the roof and enough cobwebs to make you wonder how secure that wall of spiders actually was.
