2	Beware: this review is WHINY.City Centre Cafe serves the downtown lunch crowd from the state and federal buildings. They serve up sandwiches, soups, salads, and related fare. The food is fine, though the $7 sandwiches are on the smaller side. I've had a number of average meals here, but my latest made me pissy. Here's what happened:I asked the manager/owner working the register if they used solid white tuna in the tuna melt. He said yes, so I ordered one. But I tasted the sandwich and knew immediately it was chunk light (sometimes called "chunk white"). Anyone who eats/buys canned tuna knows there are 2 grades, solid white being higher quality and more expensive and chunk light/white being lower quality (more miscellaneous fish parts) and cheaper. I brought the sandwich up to the guy and told him I was sure it was chunk light/white, and he said it was and asked if I wanted something instead. So the dude straight lied to me and thought I wouldn't be able to taste the difference??? I really don't care if City Centre Cafe wants to save a few bucks by using lower-grade tuna, but don't lie about it to your customers!!!! Like I said, maybe that's a whiny complaint -- it's canned tuna after all -- but the whole thing just pissed me off.If my hands were big enough, I would karate chop this place. HYAH!
3	City Centre Cafe is pretty much your standard sandwich shop.  There's nothing particularly amazing about the food and there's nothing particularly awful.  Like most sandwich restaurants, they use preservative-laden cold meats, which in my opinion, make it impossible to enjoy a turkey or roast beef sandwich.  However, the hot sandwiches are decent.  Basically, it's a grab n' go type place catering to the downtown legal industry.  And the people working there are really nice and the customer service is excellent.
3	The best feature of this deli is that it has a really friendly atmosphere. The food is OK, nothing spectacular but not bad either. I actually really enjoyed the "turkey loco" sandwich last time I was there. Coffee latte is also a good deal ($2.00).
3	The sandwich shop is still just decent overall, but try the mozzarella pesto sandwich on ciabatta.  It's solid.
2	Downtown eats... choices? No not really.  It's just your plain ole average sandwich shop.  The food's not all that but the owners are really nice.  I like to eat here all the time because it's comfortable.  They have a decent Asian chicken salad and a Parmesan roast beef sandwich.  If you are ordering a sandwich tray for a conference or business meeting downtown, I highly recommend them.
3	Well, the owner Art pretty much has a captive audience here, but they don't do a bad job at all.  I eat here probably at least once a week, so it gets a little monotonous, but if you're looking for a sandwich or some soup - no complaints.  The hot sandwiches are quite tasty...I'm a big fan of the Turkey Loco and the Muffaletta.  The turkey chili, which is served daily, is also solid.  Prepackaged salads (I dig the Chef Salad) are quick and the produce has always been fresh when I have tried them.  All in all, not the greatest value in downtown dining, but it could be worse.
4	As many others have noted, it's not as if this place invented "the sandwich" but read my star rating: I'm a fan. The food is good, I haven't had a sandwich that I disliked. But it's the service that I was impressed by. Art, the owner, seems to really take interest in each customer that crosses his path. It's a breath of fresh air and something you might not see at the chain next door. I enjoyed my Roasted Turkey sandwich. I'm picky about cold cuts (I've basically signed an exclusive with Boars Head) and these made the grade. The bread tastes freshly baked too. The mozzarella sandwich is tasty too. Thumbs up on the turkey chili as well, can't beat it on a chilly day. If you get a drink be prepared, they're basically in vat size cups. They offer your typical 1/2 sandwich & soup lunch specials as well.To touch again on the great service, on my last visit Art literally sat down with me and chatted it up. It was the end of the lunch hour and the place was pretty much empty. He asked about my job, how I like downtown etc etc. So friendly! Hell, I might even just come back for the conversation! You should stop in and say hi. One of the few lunch places downtown where you don't have to have a fanny pack to fit in, this cafe is worth a try.
3	The tortilla soup on Thursday is good and the sandwhich's are okay but over priced.  $7 for a small sandwhich is too much.  I usually get the tuna melt but I have to tell them I want the tuna hot because all they do is toast the bread which doesn't make sense.  Tuna melts are suppose to be hot.  The service is good and people are friendly.
4	Okay, this is actually one of my favorite lunch spots downtown.  Particularly over Quizno's.I know it's a hit or miss for some people, but I've never had an issue with my food.  It's not the most sophisticated or upscale lunch place, but it's always consistent, which is a huge plus for me. I get the North Beach on Ciabatta and find that it's satisfying.  I've never waited more than 10 minutes for my food (sometimes just a couple of minutes), and the employees are nice.  (Not like the attitude I've received at Quizno's!)  I usually get my food to go, but when it's sunny and not over 100 degrees, I l like eating outside at the tables reserved for the cafe.There's not a lot of lunch places downtown, so overall, I like this place and am happy it's an option over Quizno's.  (I don't know if it's evident, but I really do not like Quizno's.)
1	This just got shut down by the health department.  54 demerits.  I ate here a week ago and got a stomach bug from the tuna.  Seriously.  If it re-opens, avoid.
4	This is a great local sandwich shop that is always fast and fresh.  Try the Hot Roast Turkey Loco on a Croissant roll.  Extra Jalapenos!
3	This is a solid place to grab a sandwich or soup if you are in the downtown area near the courthouse. I used to eat here at least once a week for like three years, and although I'm not a huge sandwich person, all of the choices are good. The turkey loco, and ham and cheese are my favorites. There's also a really good sandwich with ciabatta, mozarella and pico de gallo.As everyone has already stated, the service is great. Everytime I come in Mary and Pepe greet me and we start joking around. Skip Quizno's and check this place out.
4	My best friend told me about this joint a couple of blocks where we work at, so I wanted to visit it and check it out for myself.  It was a Friday afternoon and we had just celebrated our weekly "Mimosa Friday."  I was ready to grub!The location of this cafe is awesome!  I'm such a big fan of places in the heart of a city.  I love taking trips to metropolitan cities and discovering food joints along the way.  This cafe is located on 4th and Lewis on the bottom of City Centre.  Awesome!The place isn't that large.  A counter area, a few tables to eat on and that's it.  Kind of reminds me of a subway without the strong smell of bread.  This place is simple and to the point which I appreciate!On the menu, you have breakfast, salads and soups, cold and hot sandwiches.  Whenever I check out  a  new sandwich joint, I ALWAYS get the same sandwich:  Pastrami!  I'm a big fan of that sandwich and I feel I have a good sense of a good pastrami sandwich versus a great pastrami sandwich.  On this visit, I got the Hot Pastrami sandwich for only $6.95.  I was super stoked, because the price is affordable for a downtown location!  This sandwich is filled with ground mustard, mayo, tomato and Swiss cheese.  They have a list of breads to choose from and chose the swirled rye.  Great choice!  Their food is made to order and this sandwich was on point!  The swirled rye was dense but light, not dry.  The pastrami was well seasoned.  I loved the mayo and mustard combination and the other toppings definitely enhanced the flavor.  Super delicious sandwich.  The owner of the shop was there and once finding out where I worked, he kept trying to give me so much free stuff:  Chips, drinks, cookies, etc.  I didn't end up taking anything out of fairness, but I appreciated the nice gesture.  I would like to visit this place more to try other things.  I don't think I quite got the entire experience because of the short time we had.  I think it could be a 5 star joint in my books, so I will return to double check their potential.  If you're  in the area, definitely check this place out!
5	Favorite Items: Caramel Chill Frappe, Fresh Mozzarella Sandwich on Chibata bread, Hot Tuna Melt on Rye, Tuna Salad w/ House Italian Dressing. The staff are sweethearts!
3	Total east coast dive deli... and there's nothing wrong with that. CCC is a place that has what you're looking for when you need a quick lunchtime meal. Coffee, fresh cookies, daily soup specials, salads, wraps, hot 'wiches. It's all there. While the menu on the wall lists about 20 items, don't be afraid to make a custom sammie. They have a decent selection of breads, meats, cheeses and toppings for you to make a beautiful lil' hoagie for yourself. While nothing will blow you away here, it's nice to know that there's still a sandwich shop in town with a friendly owner running the place and some homemade food on the specials board.
3	I've worked downtown for a couple years, and City Centre has always been a popular lunch spot.  My absolute favorite thing that I've had is their Chipotle Cheeseburger.  Deeeelish.  The sandwiches are decent - chipotle chicken ciabatta is good, as long as you get one when the bread's fresh (last time I think I cut the roof of my mouth it was so stale).  The salad's are pretty good.The owner/manager that works the register is friendly, and if you go often, he'll make an effort to remember your name and preferences.  There aren't a lot of choices within walking distance, so this is a decent choice.  Prices range from about $4-9, which is sometimes worth it and sometimes not, depends on what you order.
3	Located near the Regional Justice Center this cafe offered some pretty awesome options for sandwiches, but going gluten free left me with a salad. It was pre-made in a plastic cafeteria box w/ a packet of dressing, which made it a quick grab-n-go option. They have limited seating, but weren't packed yet.The staff made the experience enjoyable! I chatted for a while with a couple people behind the counter and they were great.
5	The best breakfast burrito I've ever had. This downtown jewel is definitely a local hangout and perfectly located near all the courts. Forget Quiznos, this is where you want to eat. Everything is freshly made, even the salsa. Staff is friendly and menu budgetable. City Cafe will see me again and may call me a regular in the near future.
5	Great food, service, and ambiance.If you want to go where everybody knows your name, this is the place to go!My favorite order is the hot Turkey Loco (hot turkey, melted cheese, pico de gallo, and spicy mayo) on Ciabatta bread (or swirled rye when they have it), soup of the day, and a drink. Potato Cheddar soup is my favorite, but minestrone, broccoli cheddar, and turkey chili (I think this is the alternative soup offered everyday) are all good choices.They also offer coffees, teas, salads, mixed fruit, a variety of chips, soft cookies, and other pastries.
5	Amazing sandwiches and great service! If you are in the courthouse check them out! The fresh mozzarella sandwich was awesome, so tasty and fresh and the service was superb!!
5	I stopped into this cafe while in the downtown area.  Immediately after arriving I was greeted by one of the owners Efrin.  He was very inviting and began to inform us of their specials and popular sandwiches.  As per his suggestion I tried the Hot Roast Turkey Loco which is a hot turkey breast sandwich with chipotle mayo, salsa, cheddar and provolone cheese on a ciabatta roll.   I must say that this was the best sandwich I have had in years!  I enjoyed it so much that I purchased a 2 second sandwich to take home.  I urge you all to try this sandwich.  The location is peaceful, close to parking, the pricing is reasonable and the service is second to none! I'm definitely telling everyone I know and I will be back often!
4	Stopped in here to grab a late during the Nevada Day parade and so glad I did.  Only got a vanilla latee, but it was delicious and quick.  The owner was very nice and the place smelled delicious.  Can't wait to go back and have lunch there.
4	I do love City Centre Cafe, if anything, for the staff. They're always friendly and know everyone by name. But every time I've deviated from the tuna sandwich on wheat for lunch, I have been disappointed. I think that it's a little more expensive considering what you get. Now that I have found a new place for lunch down the street, I come here less often. But I recently tried their tomato soup and found it quite tasty as well. However, I always stop in for breakfast, as Maria makes the best iced mocha I've ever had. And she's super sweet and it's nice to see a friendly face in the morning after battling rush hour traffic. And breakfast is reasonably priced, considering you can get an iced specialty coffee and a bagel for the same price as a grande coffee from Starbucks, and it tastes just as good.
