3	First off Thank you Rowhouse for picking up Dan Savage's Hump tour 2014... when Hollywood theater in Dormont bailed because ahhh T and A. Wait other films have plenty of T and A but you don't shut those down? Hump is an amateur nude film.... made up of 5 min short nude film contest winners from the West Coast. A different take on sexuality then the mainstream-- very refreshing and humorous if you're open to it. So one star for that alone. I cannot review the seats because I didn't get one.... this was not the cinemas fault. Other than being an incredibly small theater and they can't do much about that (its in an old pittsburgh storefront building yo). Its brand spanking new--- clean, offering films like this one or pulp fiction, or other cult classics. It is in lack of parking Lawrenceville so you should make note of that and plan ahead of time for that. Lastly Beer there is a beer shop next door and I think you can bring it in the theater if you buy it there or bring your own. Not a new concept but I haven't seen it yet in Pittsburgh--- way to catch up with the times Lawrenceville. Warning: If you pre-purchased a ticket for Hump tour 2014 and you are not at the door or in line or maybe if you are in line. At the start of your show time. They are reselling your ticket, yup that's right the one you paid 18$ for.  Of course you can come back for another show they said.... I was told that this was "stated" on the website. I have since checked all websites affliated with my ticket and Hump2014 and can find no such mention to "be on time or else!"  Unless they count the generic vendor agreement in the ticket terms of use which incredibly lame if they do. If its sold its sold out.Um no I want my show now I am sorry I was 10 minutes late but there's nil parking out there its Butler st. Here mam break your back sitting on this stool while pissing off other patrons? Um no ill sit on theater steps. So they got me a dining chair that looked like it came out of an EatnPark ten years ago. I had mild back pains through the movie and it aggravated my hamstring injury. Buttt I got to watch the show I paid 18$ in advance for two weeks Ago--- Thanks Hump tour you are super generous!I did my research after the show and this appeared to be solely a vendor issue not a reflection of Rowhouse. But because it affected my experience and thus my review I put it in here. I hope to go back and check out some other films here in the future. I just think I will skip Hump 2015.
5	Well I found my favorite new spot this summer!I've known about Row House Cinema for the last couple months since I follow them on FB, and this afternoon they had a post about a Wes Anderson marathon this week (with a Q&A with certain directors this evening) and it was the perfect excuse to check it out! From their website and the vibe in the place, it looks like they will mostly be playing old movies, and thats totally fine by me. If you want to see a new release, there are more than enough places for that! The theater is located in the center of Lawrenceville, and parking was as you could expect. It is still under some renovation out front, but once you step inside you go down a beautiful hallway into a little lobby with the concession stand where you order your tickets, drinks, popcorn, etc. The girl working the stand was super friendly, and the prices were very decent! Tickets were $6 tonight, 3-4 dollars for a small popcorn, 5 dollars for a craft draft beer, couple bucks for candy. They also have a door directly leading into the beer store next door ("beer store" undersells it, its a really cozy, chic wooden decor store selling bottles of craft beer, who knows for how much but it sure did look appealing!) AND it looks like a taqueria is moving in on the other side! Perfect. Theres a pinball machine next to the stand which gives it a cute retro vibe as well.Inside the theater, theres 80+ cozy seats (from a little diagram in the lobby, it looks like there are couches up front, the seats immediately behind are emphasized for viewing whereas the ones in the back for comfort) and on a Sunday night there were enough seats to go around! The screen was clear, the sound was perfect, they had an adorable introduction, the crowd was really respectful, and the movie was great.All in all an amazing addition to Butler street! It will make a perfect ending to any Lawrenceville date or just a spontaneous rainy Sunday evening. I HIGHLY recommend it! :)
4	I really liked this place and would certainly be up for coming back again!  If I lived in the city area, this would be a really cool new addition to the area. I went to see Mean Girls and it was a lot of fun to get to relive a movie I grew up with! The crowd was respectful, fun, and laughed at all the right parts. The place is pretty small overall but that is to be expected. The hallway going into the theater is quite nice and I liked that there was a pinball machine out near the concession to pass time before going to your seats. I'm not a drinker, but I imagine the alcohol would be an added bonus for anyone who does and would like to take a drink in with them to watch the movie. Really my only complaint about this place would be that there was a very limited amount of food/snacks available, but that is a pretty fixable issue.  There was popcorn and a couple candies (M&Ms, Twizzlers, etc). I guess they sometimes serve soft pretzels, which I was planning on getting, but they seemed to of been out of stock when I went. I saw on their website that on weekends they sell vegan pastries, but I didn't see any of those when I went on the weekend.  Would have liked to try some! My only suggestion for improvement would be more options to eat.
5	Row House is a welcome addition to Butler St. and I recommend it to any cinephile. I'd been waiting for a chance to get to the Row House, and the perfect opportunity presented itself during its Katherine Hepburn retrospective last week. Each week, the Row House picks a different theme (actor, director, genre, etc), giving a sense of continuity in programming. When I arrived for a showing, I was pleasantly surprised to find you can purchase a weekly pass and save. It's a great feature for a super fan.The theater is cozy and had beer on tap (!!). My only issue is the seats aren't megaplex -comfy. This review would've been a 4-star (sorry I love my seats!) if not for the customer service I received while at the theater. During our screening, nothing came on after the previews. We sat, maybe 3 minutes staring at a blank screen until the owner came in, apologized, and started the film up again. The technological malfunction was completely forgettable, but when we left the theater at the end of the movie, the owner was handing out vouchers for a free film. I thought it was completely unnecessary, but shows a great commitment to keeping us happy! I'll be back again, hopefully soon!
5	This is our new favorite place for date night! What's not to love? Classic/fun movies and draft or craft beers from Atlas Bottle Works next door. They can chill any of their bottled beers for you to purchase and take into the theater. I also loved that they had an 8-minute intermission for a beer refill or bathroom break. We will be making this a regular date night!
