5	i wouldn't normally give an uninspired chain restaurant a Five Star rating, but i just love their brunch specials and big patio.one of my favorite weekend ventures is getting friends and cruisers together to pedal to a local patio for some eats and drinks when the weather's nice, and this place is perfect for that.it's tempe, so there's plenty of places to lock your bike within viewing distance from the joint's huge patio. it's right off mill, so there's plenty of people watching, and it seems like every other weekend there's a festival of some sort, too.the brunch is sundays from 11 to 2, and breakfast options are as basic as eggs benedict (pretty good) to breakfast enchiladas (also spectacular). you also get muffins or cornbread to snack on that are excellent.the best part is the drink specials, $3 mamosas and $3 bloody marys buffet. yeah, that's right, a buffet just for your perfect, do-it-yourself bloody mary. they have three or four mixes to choose from, like straight up tomato juice to their special spicy jalepeno blend. then you can add as much ice, veggies and fun stuff as you want. they have several different kinds of olives and why not throw in a beef jerky stick to stir it up? did i mention that for $3 you have your choice of top shelf vodka? i know, this is too good to be true, but it is. they have kettle one, skyy, absolut, you want it, they got it.you're starting to understand why i would rather bike than drive up there, i hope. anyway, the crowd is so-so, but with a big group of friends, some sunshine and bicycles, it's pretty fantastic way to end a weekend.
4	The food is above average and the location is great.  One of the best places to eat in downtown Tempe.  I have come a handful of times over the past six months or so for business and it is always busy.  Sometimes too busy and loud for a business lunch.  Good ambiance to the place.  As mentioned, it has patio dining.
4	Their Angus burger is incredible. So is their Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno. According to their website: "Poblano pepper stuffed with a seasoned filling of smoked chicken, chopped pecans, apricots, jack cheese and raisins. Served with green chile mole, roasted tomato cream, Tejas rice and black beans."Let me tell ya, it's so worth it! The atmosphere is cool, too, although it gets a bit noisy Fridays around 6 p.m. The lighting is dim and it's conveniently located off Mill Ave, so you can always spring for Gelato after wards, or just wander the street, checking out stores and people watching.
3	I guess I would call this tex-mex ish.. I ordered the blackened catfish tacos.. they were excellente.. They also serve some cornbread with your meal that is wonderful.. Our waiter was super nice, and cute.. I went for lunch so it wasn't crowded at all and we didn't have to wait.
3	Z Tejas exists for one reason and one reason alone, to sell awesome margaritas at not so awesome prices that you'll totally shell out for anyway because their massive strength will sucker punch you with the first sip and then bat you around like an orca playing with a baby seal right before going in for the kill.Seriously.Three of these things will have you giggling, slurring declarations of love to the members of your party, believing your sexiness status just gained +2, craving Jack in the Box tacos and possibly breaking a heel upon your exit.They are a thing of beauty. (And the reason why they enforce a three margarita limit.)Unfortunately, they'll run you 6 to 9 bucks depending on how much razzle dazzle you're going for. The Sixth Street Margarita is the most basic, frozen or on the rocks, and is delicious. So is the Z Top Shelf, and the Chambord, and the Frozen Watermelon, and the Grand Marnier, and I think you're sensing the trend here.And the food... Well, it exists so you don't leave in the condition discussed above. It's not as good as the margaritas, but once you have a couple, you're really not going to care that much.Brunch is the best time to hit this place up and indulge in a three dollar mimosa, their three dollar top shelf do-it-yourself bloody mary bar (with all the fixins, including beef jerky stir sticks!), or the epic margaritas. The chicken and potato hash is decent, but it used to be much better back when it was the savory sage chicken and potato hash and had, how do you say, actual flavor. Now it's just blah by comparison. Well done blah. But blah all the same (although Mr. Man loves it). So you may want to hit up the smothered burrito or jerk chicken salad instead, both of which are delicious. Happy hour is also a pretty good deal, with one dollar off all drinks and half price appetizers. I'd recommend the Cast Iron Skillet Dumplings that are like crispy round Asian pot stickers that come out sizzlin' in sweet chile sauce or the Tortilla Soup, which is done really, really well here with avocado and lots of chunky chicken. But forget the food. It's the backup vocals to the wailing showboat sex symbol of a lead singer that runs back stage for a mid show sex/drug/booze binge while his second tier stand-in entertains the crowd with a limp solo. The margaritas are bad ass and they know it. Let 'em get a little saucy with ya. Oh, and the patio rocks almost as hard as the margaritas, so make sure to be seated out there.
3	In a word:  happy hour appetizers = cheap, filling, and tasty dinner.  This is another fantastic safety for an out of town guest who likes their dining "uniquely generic.  I know if I took my grandma here, she would love the corn bread.  I know my mom has a thing for the margueritas as they are novel and not too tequila-y for her (very low) alcoholic tolerance, but alcoholic enough so that if I take even a sip from a second one, I feel it.
4	I wrote a review of this place back in mid-September and gave it only 3 stars... what the fuck was I thinking? The food here is fucking brilliant... especially for a chain. Amazing burgers. Their Diablo Chicken pasta dish is to die for. The cornbread is actually good - I fucking hate cornbread and yet I'll scarf this shit down like it's crack. Their chips and salsas aren't that great - they'll do the job, but I'm still not convinced about them. I'm also unimpressed with the sides that come with the mains, but I don't come to this place to eat the sides. As I've said before, their margaritas are awesome. They'll fuck you up though, so make sure you have a ride home or else go see a movie to sober up. The atmosphere is low-end upscale and pretty nice and cozy - kinda dark inside and a bit generic, but generic is better than flashy, ugly and distracting. Service is upscale as well and I'm usually pretty pleased with it. They offer free valet parking for customers too which is perfect now that they charge an arm and a leg for the parking structure.Here's my old review for reference: Great margaritas to be had here... really strong and tasty. This location isn't very busy ever it seems... perhaps with Fat Tuesdays around the corner, it's just too much competition.It's a good place to grab a strong margarita before heading over to the movies or something. Their food doesn't inspire me to eat there, so all I've had are appetizers so far... mainly chips and salsa.  Salsa sucks.It's also got some competition from Macayos down the street which doesn't help. I don't know if this place can stay in business much longer unless it gets busier. It could just be the times I was there though.
3	I like Z-Tejas, but I just can't get past the just average seafood enchiladas.  It's short on taste, short on seafood, and big on spinach and other filler. See Barrio and Tradiciones for kick ass seafood enchiladas.The decor is very upscale chainy, but I dig the AZ, NM, TX flags...it's a nice display even though it is designed to remind you you're at a Southwestern place.  Subtlety, everyone, subtlety.Since then I've ordered differently.  You can't go wrong with their chicken avocado sandwich.  But I do have top say, I get excited thinking about the queso, cornbread and the catfish beignet.  I don't know what they do to the catfish or the beignet crustorama, but it makes me giddy come time for each Z-Tejas visit.  As for the cornbread, I'll second Max's comment about it.  I can't speak to the margaritas though....since I'm usually there for business lunches or business dinners.  Hiccup, um what was that, boss?
4	Late evening on a week night and we were hungry. We phoned around to a few places and decided to come here. It was a short drive from where we were staying but Ztejas has never disappointed before. I used to go in Vegas and loved their Diablo Chicken Pasta. I am sure if I had ordered that, I would be giving the place a 5. But, I decided that I had been eating a lot like I was on vacation and probably needed to be a bit more sensible. I got a grilled chicken salad and SG got the fajita special.They bring out corn bread to start with honey butter (needs more honey in that honey butter.) It comes out in this great little cast iron skillet. It is soo good. But do not get carried away, because your meal portions will be large too. My salad was big, but the bowl was bigger, making it look a little small. It had one chopped up grilled chicken breast and some delicious spicy ranch dressing. There was corn and beans in the salad too, so I felt like I was getting more vegetables. SG's fajitas were good. There was grilled meat and peppers, some salsa, guac and cheese. Only three tortillas come with the plate, but they are resonably sized. We both ordered bottomless iced teas and had them filled about a million times. Our server was great. She was fun and lively and the service was really good. This place is very good and I would go back to this or any of their locations. The food is always good quality. Best try that diablo chicken pasta sometime if you like spicey, creamy, yummy chicken pasta.
5	4 of us picked this place at the last minute on a Monday night after traveling from Tucson.  We were seated and served immediately.  We started with salsa and chips which we had to pay for but it was well worth it.  For $4.50 we received great chips with 3 different kinds of salsa and some outstanding corn bread.  We all had frosted margaritas which really hit the spot. Our entrees proved to be just as good.  I had Baked Seafood Enchiladas that had a delicious sauce and plenty of seafood--excellent portion as well.  My wife had the Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno which she really enjoyed and our friends had the Achiote chicken salad (said it was a great salad that she couldn't finished and saved for the next day) and one of their classic enchilada dishes with slow roasted beef.  We would definitely go back.
3	Ok.  I might have given a four out of five stars if the server could pay attention to the tables that he was meant to service.  Instead, on a slow Tuesday night in April, the service was wanton of care.  When I asked about the differences in the margaritas on the menu, the server CLEARLY lied and did not attempt to hide it.  LEARN YOUR MENU THEN PRESENT IT.  Done with that critique, a few of the nice things did not include the nachos ( mediocre) but the ambience and the rest of the meal was actually ok.  Just needed help getting past the initial brawl with apathy.And who can afford to have apathetic service??Sorry.  I said I was done with the negative side.  Hours later, I emerged less than emaciated yet energized and enthused that I would be able to have the rest of my steak at the hotel...in a nice friendly environment... SO...I would go again but I will probably not.
4	I've probably been to Z Tejas more times than any other restaurant in the area. For a franchise, it is surprisingly good and consistent. I can think of only one bad meal I had here (a chile relleno) and many more good to great meals. All the appetizers are good, including my favorite thing on the menu, blackened catfish tacos. Also good are the barbacoa stackers, and from the main menu all the salads are good and interesting, as well as the mushroom enchiladas (outstanding) and the macaroni and cheese (just good soul food). Another specialty are their margaritas. I generally prefer the 6th street on the rocks, but the frozen margaritas have more alcohol in them (for the same price--a bit annoying) so I've started ordering those. Their mojitos are also really good. The service is usually pretty good, even when in big parties (I've been with ~20 people at happy hour and the service is fairly quick and friendly; they will also split bills for easier payment). The best time to come is during happy hour, when margaritas are a dollar off and all the appetizers are half price (1 appetizer is usually enough for me). It can get crowded at times, so if you have a larger party I would recommend a reservation, especially if you want to sit inside. Also as an aside, they have a gluten-free menu upon request (my friend loves one of the salads on that and asks for it even though she can eat gluten).
3	Z TejasChain restaurant with predictable yet decent food. Here are the reasons I go there.The best Chambord Margaritas and Peach Mojitos you will ever have! They are very overpriced but so potent you won't even feel the dent in your wallet after 2. Yea I said it - 2. They cut you off at 3 (but if you're at a table you can sneak one at the bar :)Food that keeps me coming back~Chicken Artichoke Mushroom StackMiso SalmonShrimp Tostada BitesHappy Hour is decent1/2 off Apps$1 off Drinks Sunday'sMake your own Bloody Mary Bar (with your preference of vodka) $3Mimosa 3$Hash ScrambleCorn bread, corn bread, corn bread!
3	I want to preface this review by saying that I have not tried any of the dishes on Z Tejas' menu. This location was the second stop on our Friday-night drink/appetizer tour of Mill Avenue restaurants, and we decided just to focus on their margaritas, ordering chips and salsa just to have something to munch on. We sat in the bar area at one of the high banquettes. It took a few minutes for a server to come by and greet us, but to be fair, it was busy, and once she did come by, she was really friendly and attentive. My sister and I ordered the famous Chambord Margaritas, and my husband got the house margarita. The margaritas came *really* quickly (a huge plus in my book), were well-priced (no more than $7 for any of them) and they were really good! The base margarita flavor was not overly sweet and you could definitely taste the tequila, and the Chambord in ours added a nice sweetness without being overpowering. My only gripe is that the Chambord ones didn't come with a salted rim; I like to at least be asked if I like salt on my margaritas. We also had to ask to have them on the rocks (I also like to be asked if I want my margaritas frozen or on the rocks). Those little complaints aside, we were really happy with the drinks. The chips and salsa were a little pricey ($4.49) and the salsa trio it came with wasn't particularly memorable, but they were a nice complement to the drinks. From my brief glance at the menu, the food looks pretty standard and Americanized, but given how good our drinks and the service were, I'd be willing to go back and give Z Tejas another try for a meal.
4	This is one of the few chain restaurants that I love. The happy hour is pretty relaxed but it does attract the khaki-pant-buttondown-shirt crowd. The stuffed porked tenderloin is delicious and I'm a big fan of the appetizers. Plus the Sixth Street margarita (on the rocks WITH salt, thank you) is worth fighting downtown Tempe traffic.
4	Yes, it's a chain. But it's a Texas chain that opened it's first restaurant on 6th Street in Austin. That's street cred in my book. I've been to all their Austin locations, but now frequent the one off Mill Avenue in Tempe. Went for lunch just this afternoon as a matter of fact, and it always amazes me how I forget how good the food is between visits, even the complimentary corn bread. Today I ordered the Blackened Catfish Tacos with black beans and rice. Yum. I also recommend the Wild Mushroom Enchiladas and Baked Seafood Enchiladas.
4	Tried the Z'Tejas brunch for the first time today. Yummmmm. Check out the self-serve blodymary bar when you walk into the dining room - lots of options. We chhose the mimosas with fresh squeezed oj. Before they bring your entrees, you get a muffin and berry sorbet with fresh berries. The eggs benedict is good - very fresh - but it's MUCH better with the chipotle hollaindaise instead of the regular stuff. The chicken and potato hash is pretty great and I've heard good things about the breakfast enchiladas. I think most locations offer brunch on Saturday and Sunday from 10a to 3p.
5	It might be a chain restaurant but oh so good.   This is a place you have to check out.  I'm sorry I don't live in Tempe so I can't eat here more often.
2	Disgusting food. Good service.  I have tried Z'Tejas twice and will never try it again.
3	i've sampled the z-tejas fish (and it's fabulous), the southwestern salad (and it's great), and burgers (which are finely cooked) but it's the tortilla soup that keeps me coming back for more. they will add as much avocado as you want and always give you extra cheese in the fist-fulls (when you ask for it). i should also mention that they have a great selection of flavored teas.my most recent visit wasn't very positive, as it took too long to seat us (for whatever reason, they changed my party of 5 to a party of 6) i pointed this out after 20-some-odd minutes of waiting and were seated immediately.the tortilla soup wasn't all that good and the service was so-so, although no one complained. i would continue to frequent this place if i lived in tempe.
3	We took my sister to Z Tejas for dinner on Saturday evening and had a relatively nice time. The decor is southwestern, but it's done in a tasteful understated way, unlike some other places we have been to here in the Valley where it is so overdone it borders on tacky. We were seated right away since at 6 pm, it was a little early for most people to be dining on Mill Avenue. Our waitress was very nice and paid us just the right amount of attention. My sister had the Patron Fruzion margarita which she really liked, and I had the 6th Street Rocks which was also really good and I am not a huge margarita person. We enjoyed the Tejas Trio as an appetizer, which was chips and a trio of queso, guacamole, and salsa. The queso dip was fabulous and our favorite of the trio. We also had the cornbread which I thought was very tasty - not dry at all which was a plus. I think if we had just stuck to the drinks, appetizer and cornbread, this would have been a four star review. However, we also ate dinner which was very so-so. My sister just stuck with a burger which was a good size but not obscenely large. Chris had the chicken enchiladas which he thought were pretty mediocre, and I had the five cheese macaroni and chicken. Now I like cheese, but this dish had a much too high cheese to macaroni ratio. Also, I think if the dish had used penne pasta instead of the macaroni noodles you get in the Kraft blue box, it would have been much better.Our bill came to $81 after tip, which we didn't think was bad at all. Chris and I decided we will go back for happy hour (1/2 price on appetizers and $1 off drinks), but not to eat dinner.
5	First off, I would like to give a shout out to my server, Winter. She did an awesome job!!! She was on top of everything. She made great suggestions. I always had a full drink. Also, there was never a long wait in between courses. Everything I had was very tasty. - Cornbread - It wasn't the best I have ever had. I usually lean towards a sweeter cornbread, but it was still really good with the butter. - Grilled Jumbo Quesadilla with Cilantro Pesto Grilled Shrimp - I loved the crunchiness of the tortilla and size of the shrimp in every bite. - Southwestern Caesar Salad - My favorite part of this salad was the spicy kick to it. - Grilled Miso Salmon - I think 3 different workers told me this was their favorite entree here. Every bite was heavenly. The miso sauce was sweet and compliments the medium rare salmon. Even the potato cake and vegetables that it came with were perfect and unique. - Ancho Fudge Pie with Ice Cream - At first I was skeptical to try this dessert because it contained ancho chile, but it really intensified the chocolate flavor. I don't think I've ever had chocolate like this before. Since I had an amazing experience, I'm afraid if I ever have Z'Tejas again and order anything, but the items above, I'll be disappointed. I suggest to anyone to give Z'Tejas a try, but you have to at least order the Grilled Miso Salmon.
3	My husband and I didn't want to venture far on Friday evening for happy  hour, so we decided to check out Z Tejas' specials. We sat at the bar and were helped by two very nice bartenders. During happy hour, drinks are $1 off and appetizers are half price.Again the Tejas trio and cornbread did not disappoint. If we had stopped there, this would probably have garnered four stars from me as a happy hour destination. However, we also tried the smoked chicken jumbo quesadilla which was very disappointing. While the green peppers were a nice touch, the chicken was much too smokey and there was practically no cheese in the quesadilla. There was just something that was totally off about this dish. On our way back home, we decided that on future Z Tejas happy hour outings, we are completely sticking to drinks and the Tejas trio.For six beers, 1 margarita, and 2 appetizers, our bill was $34 so we were pleasantly happy. Happy hour only runs until 6:30 and I noticed that at 5:45 or so, the bar area was completely full, so make sure to get there early to get a seat.
4	right near the heart of the university, it's basically a chevy's plus plus.  i will give them an extra star for the service.  my work colleague said that when i valeted my car they would just "run out to meet me and park it for me"... i didn't know he meant LITERALLY.  they ran like they were in a race, despite the lack of traffic behind me.  go Team Z! the waitresses was likewise also very service oriented.  the outside seating was perfect weather which normally i suspect it isn't because of the cold in the winter and heat in the summer, but i hit it right on the head as far as good weather.  the steak salad was pretty decent.  obviously, we're not looking for gourmet here.  we're looking for a strong showing in the "solid, reliable, good ingredients" and i think it makes the cut there.   the chips were good as well as the really nice corn bread they service complimentary.  my friend's enchilada's look great too.  so it beats chevy's from my perspective.  as far as reliable food with good service near the university, this looks like a very good choice.
4	Was very impressed by this place. Yes, I've lived in Texas and like "that kind of food," but it was quite tasty. Had a burger and their guacamole, and both were very good. Good service. I'll be back.
4	The place was decent. It was one of my first dinners while I was in Phoenix for business.  The cornbread is yummy and the appetizer I had with shrimp with guacomole on a chip was amazing. Can't remember what I ordered though....so that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.  It must not have been that good that I didn't crave for it enough to go back.  I was in Phoenix for 3 loooooong weeks. They have Valet which is nice and there wasn't a long wait...is there ever in the Phoenix area?????  Leena
4	The mac and cheese meal with chicken here is awesome. It has just a bit of a kick. I tried the chicken, artichoke, and mushroom stack last night for dinner and that's my new favorite. The chicken enchiladas are just ok. Be careful with the frozen margaritas here. They have more alcohol in them than the on the rocks version and will knock you on your ass if you're not careful.They have fajitas for $10.99 on Tuesdays with half of margaritas with the purchase of a fajita platter. And don't worry about finding parking here. They have free valet for paying  customers. Just make sure to get a validation stamp from the hostess before you leave.
4	I have to give Kudos to the Chile Relleano and the Cabo Grand Margaritas.....so good...just order those 2 things and you'll probably come back.  I have had their tuna...it's okay...the mac n' cheese chicken thing is pretty awesome and usually don't get too many apps so I can't comment.....next time I want to hit up the Achiote stuffed pork tenderloin...and if any yelper has had them and wants to send me their thoughts I'm open.  I love Z-tejas because it's really pretty solid and margaritas are stiff
2	Have been here a few times but usually for drinks.  The atmosphere is fine.  Just went there for apps and drinks and it was terrible.  All of the food was cold.  The crab taco special was marginal, very little crab.  The mango salsa it came with was good but they provided so little you just didn't have enough to do anything with.  The mini shrimp avocado tostadas were good but cold.  The soft tortilla fish tacos are usually pretty good but again cold.  The app with chips and three dips was decent.  The serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole.  The margaritas are average at best.  Even with premium tequila they are just not made very well.  Look at my review of Barrio Cafe.  Our server was terrible.  She was hard to get or find, didn't pay attention to what we said most times, and waited forever to bring our food.  The apps took about 40 minutes and the place was not busy so go figure.  Having a drink or two here is fine as long as you stick with wine or beer but the service and food just aren't up to snuff.
3	Great place for a Friday happy hour! The chambord marg is top notch, achiote chopped chicken salad is to die for, and the trio appetizer is great ONLY when it's half price during happy hour.  Highly recommend but only hangup is the cocky manager, useless hostests, and unattentive servers.  After two margaritas you get over the staff :)
3	It was alright. Nothing to write home about. Hence the lack of review.The Grilled Shrimp thing was pretty good.The service was good, our waiter was very attentive.My only mistake is that I mistook the green sliced vegetable on top of the pasta as green bell peppers (which I love)..turns out after a few bite in my mouth I realized it was jalapenos! (which I hate) You can image my shock.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 *Drinks*9 Service9 Atmosphere6 ValueHonestly, the cornbread is so good I don't even care about the entree by the time it gets to the table.  And the margaritas are great, but expensive.  However, if you go the Martini-Rita route, you get some generous pours!
1	Seriously? This will pass for mexican food in Arizona? I have had better mexican food in Akron, OH.  Stay away from and find a street cart, seriously.  Nothing else to say but, yeck!
4	Wow, what's up with all the negative reviews? First of all this isn't a "Mexican" food restaurant, it's Southwestern, which does include Mexican, as well as Native American and Spanish, with a mix of Louisiana flavor thrown in . The food is colorful, flavorful and spicy. (What us southwestern boys like.) The cornbread served hot in a cast iron skillet is a nice touch. They have a huge selection of tequila and an assortment of drinks. The chips are salsa are always a great way to start. I've been here many times and I try something new on every visit. I've never been disappointed. I tried the the Citrus Flanked Steak last night and it was seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection. I really wanted to get the Ancho Fudge PIe (made with almonds and pecans and pinch of ancho chile) but I often feel too fat so I skip dessert. The service is friendly and decent. Z'Tejas is one of my favorite places in downtown Tempe.
4	I don't know that I've ever ate here before, But I do know that I've drank here a lot of times and theyhave the BEST shamborak Margaritas ever! I stop here ever time I'm in the area just for the margs!
3	Z-Tejas serves up your basic "Tex-Mex" cuisine with New Mexican, Arizonan, and Mexican influence.  I would have given only 2 stars because my dish (carne enchiladas) was just plain.  However, my wife enjoyed her chile relleno and we had an excellent server, so I bumped it up to 3 stars (the homemade cornbread is also delicious).  Trufthfully, there are many better options in Tempe and Scottsdale so don't waste your time here.  It's kind of like eating at an upscale of version of Chili's (which is right around the corner), which means that you could go to Chili's and get the same food for much cheaper.
4	The seafood enchiladas were great.  The complimentary cornbread is good as well.  The black beans on the side are actually beans and not a larded up mash of beans, they were very tasty. Service was attentive and a good drink selection.
5	Every time I go to Z'Tejas I just love it! I always pig out on the Trio App - warm queso, salsa, and guacamole - and taste my meal. I always take home left overs.  Tonight I got the Steak Fajitas. They were delicious and a bit different than other fajitas I've had. There was a citrus flare to these fajitas without too many onions and peppers. This was the best part: On Tuesday's Fajitas are only $10.99 and you get 1/2 your first margarita! What a deal. If you've had the margs at Z, you know you don't need much more than 1. 2 will do you. I highly recommend the Chambord Frozen Margarita. Delicious! The service was quite attentive. Presentation was nice and the patio was perfect. Quite honestly, not a thing I didn't like at Z'Tejas - Tempe. BTW, I usually frequent the Scottsdale Fashion Square location. They remodeled their entire restaurant. I love the new atmosphere although the patio is always my first choice for a table.
5	I met a buddy here for dinner last night. Here is the lowdown:Location: 5/5Food: 5/5Service: 5/5Don't miss the cornbread, it's fantastic. We started out by splitting a bowl of chips and salsa. The salsa is fresh and very good. The chips were crunchy and not too salty. I had the green chili enchilada with black beans. Not normally a big black bean fan I was surprised how good these can taste when they are very fresh and well prepared. The rice was nice and fluffy and delicious. The waiter was cheerful and helpful with suggestions. The service was very prompt without hovering over us - not an easy balance to strike. A nice bonus is that they will valet your car for free. Just get your ticket validated by your server. The location is right off Mill Ave. so you are right in the heart of the action. The prices are very reasonable as well. Most of the entrees are $10-15. This place is great, give it a try.
4	First time to Z'Tejas. I've heard a bit about it, and one of my co-workers also works here. I honestly thought it was like a fancy Chipotle. Really nice place, with valet (+). We got in and were quickly seated. My friend had eaten there once before, so he took the lead. We got a Corona (him) and a Midori 'tini (me) to start. Drinks are a little up there (my cocktail was $8) but let's say I was splurging. To start, we got the Tejas Trio (salsa, guac, and queso), as well as these guacamole, shrimp, whatever. I'm not a fan of shrimp or quac, but I gave it a try and I have to say it was a little tasty. The queso was also really good, the salsa and quac average. For our meals, he got the barbacoa, and I got the chicken enchiladas. My dish was really good, my only complaint is that there was hella black beans and a small amount of rice. I would have preferred it the other way, but everything on the plate was good. I wouldn't come here on a whim with some of my friends, but it's a really nice special occasion place.
4	I can't really comment too much on food at Z'Tejas since I didn't eat here but I can comment on their service, decor, and margaritas. Now one thing I'll have to say to Z'Tejas is "Job well done on your margaritas" You take your special drink serious and the taste shows. Your service as fast and friendly. Your decor as very Phx and Southwest proud. Next time I'll try your food but let me just add your prices for your food are too high and that was a turn off and we choose not to eat there. Otherwise...your team is going a great job.
3	Service was outstanding.Food is verrrry mediocore. I like how they bring cornbread in a skillet with butter.If you like Tex-Mex you'll love this place.I really don't care for it.But give it a try. Location is fantastic. Near many shops and other restaurants.
3	If you are looking for a chain that does not feel like a chain, then you might enjoy this place.  The decor is pretty nice and has a modern upscale casual feel.  They have a lot of seating, so even if there is a wait, it really should not be too bad.The food is slightly above average.  I would say this is a safe place to bring out of towners or a business lunch, but it is not on my list of favorites.  The cornbread is a great addition to the meal and most of the mixed drinks are good.  The food is good, but nothing on the menu seems to be too memorable. Again a safe nice place if you are looking for an americanized mexican restaurant.  It has a fairly upscale casual touch to the decor.  Usually any Z is located nearly a shopping district, so I could see this as a good place to go on a shopping day or for some drinks.
3	Pretty hit or miss.  Cornbread was great, the place was really empty when we went, but/so the service was great, nice and conversational.  We got the salsa trio and the red salsas were great.Other than that, the chicken tortilla soup, crab spinach dip, catfish tacos, and the stuffed poblano pepper were really all rather unremarkable and I can't say I recommend a visit.
2	After the original cafe we had scheduled our book club at was closed, we decided to do brunch at Z'Tejas. The brunch options were kind of blah. I wanted to get peanut butter (or Jam) for my english muffin, but they didn't have any. I thought I'd try the french toast but didn't when they let me know that they didn't have syrup. There are so many AMAZING breakfast and brunch spots in AZ, there really is no reason at all to go to Z Tejas for brunch. Maybe they should stick to lunch and dinner.
4	Z'Tejas made me realize that I should eat brunch more often.  It's not quite breakfast, it's not quite lunch, but it comes with a slice of cantaloupe at the end.  You don't get completely what you would at breakfast, but you get a good meal!  Come on, Z'Tejas, there are ten pins in my heart, you've knocked over eight.  Won't you please pick up that spare?I ordered their breakfast-y enchilada and it was pretty amazing.  It had an egg on top and spicy sauce and it was served with a muffin and fruit.  Enchiladas, eggs, muffins, fruits.  And iced tea.  The combination of flavors was kind of a shock going from here to there but it was fantastic and I loved it.I've ridden past this place again and again and again.  People have spoken about it on Yelp.  People have told me how awesome it was.  Seeing it out of the corner of my eye going down mill, I never made the connection that it was there.  Because of the red, squiggly "Z" in front, I always assumed it was a cell phone company.  I don't know.  It just looked that way to me.  I'm glad I finally checked it out.On a lazy, hungover Sunday, I'll be back.
3	I'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex in general but my mom had a gift card so we decided to give it a try. The service was nice and the waitress was very attentive. (this is noteworthy because my family is the kind of family where every single member has some special order with their meal) The restaurant was full of... well I can't even describe the kind of people I found here. Imagine if a rich snob from Scottsdale had a bunch of kids with a pretentious asshole college student from Tempe. Then imagine if their kids grew up and lived in one restaurant. Luckily the seating was kind of private and we went during a time when it wasn't busy.I don't like corn bread but my family said the cornbread was fantastic. It looked pretty legit to me. The food itself was pretty good. Kind of pricey. Oh man but their margaritas sucked. I think they used store brand tequila or something.
3	it's a little embarassing for me to admit that i have been here more than once, hell probably 8 times or so. But I have to note that it has only been for their happy hour, which is pretty good, esp. on a date.The drinks are a lot more affordable, the entrees are somewhat cheaper, and most of them are pretty tasty. The bottomless chips and salsa appetizer during happy hour here is pretty killer, although the servers tend to look down on you by the time you ask for your 5th refill......dont call it bottomless if your gonna sass me! im a hungry boy!Ladies seem to love this place, idk why, i mostly feel uncomfortable in here, maybe im a little too sensitive to my lower class brat upbringing.I like this place strictly for the happy hour, and should you try it out im sure you will as well.p.s. the corn bread is bitchin!
4	came here for dinner with my roommate. nice place. our waiter was super cute. =) i had the seafood enchiladas and my roomie had the chicken enchiladas. both were very good. i love that they serve complimentary cornbread. it was really yummy. i also had the guava mojito, really tasty but had very little alcohol in it. it wasn't very busy considering it was a friday night. they even have complimentary valet for diners. you can't beat that.
4	I had lunch there with a few friends, we all ordered off of their summer lunch menu and the food was amazing, lots of veggies and unusual flavors, we were all full and for under $10 a piece!
4	I went here for the first time recently. I asked the waitress what to order because I am pretty picky and don't like a lot of the main ingredients in tex-mex (peppers, tomatoes, onions, etc). She said the mac and cheese with blackened chicken was amazing so I went for it. Honestly, it is the best mac and cheese I have ever had. You need to go and try it. I had everyone at our table try it and they all loved it. Also, their margaritas are delicious and they put a lot of alcohol in them which is always a plus. I plan on going there soon as now I am craving their mac and cheese.
2	I ordered a salad with a variety of melons and grilled shrimp.  The shrimp was chewy, hard and terrible.  The rest of the salad was great but that was a huge turn off.  They did, however, have the best skinny margarita I've ever had.
3	Oh this CA girl who formerly believed Z'Tejas was Tex-Mex. Now being a recent Austin resident, I know this is not Tex-Mex. I was not happy that I had to valet my car-this is not the type of restaurant that needs it. I guess it's due to the high density of restaurants & shops as well as the close proximity to campus that makes this a necessity. I guess it's helpful.I like the happy hour deals on appetizers, which means I did not spend as much money. Enjoyed the dumplings; Ahi was ok; pulled-pork nachos were meh; catfish tacos not so much.My Z'Tejas Saviors: Corn Bread. I will go back just for the corn bread. Tableside guacamole-yes please! The portion is too big for just two people though and I really doubt anyone would want to bring it home.
5	Great food every time.  Had the season grill, and was very pleased. A lot of great flavors on that dish!
4	The margaritas and the shrimp tostada bites are amazing!!! This is a great place for happy hour, especially with a big crowd since they take reservations and let you order off the happy hour menu from anywhere in the restaurant. I like the appetizers much better than the rest of the menu which is a little bit pricey and I think less tasty. But I do love Z'Tejas happy hour! I also LOVE that they have free valet which is super-convenient for Mill Ave.!
4	We've eaten a few times and each time (knocks on wood) the service has been great and the food has been really good.  Lots of great flavor and the portions are not over the top.   Parking can be a little bit of a pain on a busy night... but... other than that... we will go back again next time we are in Tempe.  Well worth the trip.
4	I'm addressing this review to the Z'Tejas in Tempe, since I like the sidewalk dining there better, but it applies equally to the one in Fashion Square, Scottsdale.  It took me a couple of visits to warm to this place, but since they started serving the skillet corn bread and I've discovered the Catfish Beignets and Ancho Chile Fudge Pie, I'm hooked.
4	Great southwestern food! Happy hour = half price chips/salsa/queso/guac!  The seafood enchilladas were good.... Cornbread was amazing! Super service on the patio!
4	Jerk Chicken Salad is awesome. Margaritas on the rocks with salt, delicious. Cool space, high ceilings, good for groups, great for happy hour. Time for siesta. :)
4	I love this place! The cornbread is yummy to start off with and I have had the enchiladas and I think some type of salad that were both delish. The guac-queso-salsa trio with chips is a great appetizer. The outdoor patio is the best place to sit and relax after shopping on mill!
3	Great place to eat, great atmosphere, awesome happy hour but the food  is lacking authenticity which is why it only gets 3 stars from me.
4	Nothing wrong with this place.Good food (not great but darn tasty) and service is always good (not great except on occasion.)My kids and I like to eat here in the afternoons (close to their school) because the appetizers are half-price during happy hour.We ate for $13.51 before tip yesterday;  an adult and a 12-yr-old girl and a 14-yr-old boy.  And we all got full.We each had an appetizer and drank water (not paying for the sodas helps keep the tab down.)One thing I REALLY liked yesterday:  the "Salsa of the Day" was VERY, VERY good.  Had a great spicy kick, a good taste, and I ate three tubs of it myself.  Never before had they given me one this good, and I'd say we've eaten there somewhere between 8-12 times.
4	Great food, nice atmosphere, solid service.  My only knock is it's a bit pricey in the value area.
3	I wouldn't say they have the best this or that in the Valley.  However, you can always count on this place to be consistent with decent food and good service.
3	Missed the happy hour but  the Margaritas were not expensive. Waited for an outside table but had to wait inside because you are not permitted to wait outside with a drink in hand. .( As an aside saw 2 arrests on Mill Ave after dinner becuse 2 guysgot caught drinking beer not so carefully disguised in brown bags.) Well worth it on a beautiful night.Great for people watching. Yes, cornbread is good but the nachos with 3 types of salsa was better. My entree was a chicken, mushroom artichoke stack. Decent but not fabulous. My wife's mushroom enchillada was better. .
5	I have been coming here for years and have enjoyed most of my experiences, whether they are attempting to break the 3 margarita limit or seeing how many happy hour shrimp tostada bites I could shove into my slobbering maw.All of the food is at least satisfactory with a few real winners scattered about. The achiote chicken chopped salad is a fantastic almost-healthy entree, and the chicken, artichoke and mushroom stack is a bonanza of flavor. If you wish to have an epic gastronomic experience and care little about stomach pains and other adverse, long term affects, then I highly recommend the 5-cheese macaroni and achiote chicken. This entree is not for the faint of heart.If you are looking for the strongest and tastiest frozen margarita, the Frusion is the way to go. The ladies might prefer the Chombord variety, but you can't go wrong with any of them.
4	Great place for Mexican fusion Cuisine.
3	this review is for happy hour. ooh, i like that the happy hour was available throughout the restaurant (some places just offer it in the bar). heres what i think of the appetizers we had:shrimp tostada bites - okay goodspinach quesadilla - okay goodcatfish tacos - okaydumplings - good pluscornbread - excellentalso tried a couple drinks - margaritas. this place is good for the drinks! also noticed that shortly after happy hour ended, the place emptied quite a bit. so it seems like a lot of ppl come here for happy hour. then again it was a weekday.. our friend, a local, did mention it gets pretty busy on friday nights..last thought: decor kinda reminded me of a southwestern cheesecake factory.. go figure.
5	Great food, service, and atmosphere. They have the best margaritas in town. I am a regular at this particular location and I always leave extremely satisfied. They also have great happy hour specials and on the weekend they offer brunch. When the weather is cooler the patio is the place to be.
4	I don't think I would really classify Z tejas as a four star restaurant, but I love the place for my wednesday afternoon lunches.  I have the day off from work so I like to come here, have some margaritas and usually the chicken mac, and read on the patio.  I'm one of the only crazy people in Arizona that still sits out on the patio in the 116 degree weather.  The staff is always very attentive and are very kind in turning on the misters just for me.  The margaritas are amazing, and the food that I've tried is also incredibly delicious.  3.5 for the food4 for the margaritas and atmosphere.
4	Wow great find for my wife, son and myself while in town for a big 21st b-day party. The atmosphere is very upscale and the staff super friendly. The food really shines here - I like to cook Mexican food so I am very critical of how dishes are prepared. Every dish we ordered was wonderful - lot's interesting ingredients on every dish that played well on the palette. The corn bread they bring to the table is fantastic - best I ever have had.
3	Tex-Mex at it's finest. We love the atmosphere, classy yet still casual. The music is always jazzy/bluesy and totally helps you wind down after whatever sort of day you've had. Their happy hour is great; delicious margaritas, warm, bottomless tortilla chips with three salsas (the green one is some sort of chili, avocado, cucumber mixture that makes me shovel it in as fast as I can), and really good, made-in-front-of-you guacamole.As far as entrees go I've only had the salads because I stick to the vegetarian menu (AND entrees are a little pricey...) but they have been superb. I'm a BIG fan of the Jerk (no chicken) salad. I could probably straight up drink the sesame-ginger dressing they put on it. Their portions are plentiful and me and the bf split the salad and order of chips, which came to about $16... BARGAIN!And of course, the cornbread they bring out before your meal is AMAZING.
2	My friend kept hyping up this place, telling me that there was a potent drink called a little stick that tasted like a big stick.  The closest thing they had to that was their margarita and it tasted nothing like a big stick =(The chile relleno I had was close to inedible.  I just don't know what they were doing when they stuffed it full of dry overcooked chicken, apricots, raisins and whatnot.  There was barely any cheese in there, I was hoping for a cheesy chicken gooey delicious explosion in my mouth.  It clearly did not happen =(My companions got the diablo pasta and that was good but it was really just fetticine in cream sauce.Definitely a waste of a foodie trip =(
5	Absolutely adorable place: delicious dishes, excellent service, beautiful decor with modern art paintings and Arizona and Texas State Flags on the wall.Z'Tejas means "the Texas". They serve a good mix of Mexican and American food. The presentation of the food is amazing as well. Pretty heavy though, think we over ordered, but omgosh they are all fantastic picks!
4	Best house Margarita in town!  I like them on the rocks, but the bartenders here always tell me the frozen ones are stronger.  Anyway, if you go in during happy hour, go nuts on the appetizers because they're all cheaper.  I would have to recommend the tostada bites and the pot-stickers.
4	My father and I have eaten here several times and it is definitely a favorite. My father discovered it when he was staying at a hotel nearby many years ago and wound up eating there every night for a full week. The food is always delicious, the drinks are always delightful, the service has never failed to be friendly and inviting, and the restaurant is always clean.  The last meal we enjoyed consisted of a chicken avocado sandwich and the voodoo tuna. The sandwich was arranged on two butter hamburger buns that were so fresh they melted in my mouth and the chicken was moist and very tender. The jalapeno mayonnaise added just the right kick and I scarfed it and the accompanying sweet potato fries down within minutes.Even though I liked my sandwich, the voodoo tuna was a few steps above it. Juicy lightly seared tuna steak with pickled ginger on the top that gave it so much flavor my tongue didn't know what to focus on first. Dad could barely comment on the meal between bites, it was so good. We ordered mojitos that were prepared exactly the way a mojito should be, with lots of mint, lime and just the right amount of rum. The complimentary cornbread was freshly baked and delicious as usual. And to top off the evening, we ordered the chef dessert which was chocolate lava cake filled with a thick dark chocolate center that had a slight hint of peppermint. A scoop of pistachio icecream balanced the dish nicely and by the time we had nearly licked the plate clean, we were stuffed and quite content.
3	Love the complimentary corn break. I had pork tenderloin, which was good. The mashed potatoes weren't impressive though. BF had the ahi, it was pretty yummy. Came with rice pilaf which weren't very flavorful. My mango mojito tasted like fruit juice. BF liked the margaritas, though.
4	Delicious food and gracious, helpful service. Lovely place for a date or a meal with friends!
4	I enjoyed Z tejas the other night for the first time. Being new here i had to learn whats good and whats not. So i started picking a new place everytime. So far out of the dozen or so places ive eaten it ranks up near the top. First of all the atmosphere is very inviting. The service was reasonably quick but not to quick to where you cant enjoy the conversation before the meal. The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. Now to the food. I ordered the diablo pasta and was rather impressed at how tasty it was. It was how it seems..... spicy. I really enjoyed the place just wish the drinks were made a lil stronger. Overall it was a good experience and would recommend it to others.
1	This place was horrible! I will never go back it was over priced and the best thing I ate was the corn bread you get  before the meal.  I had the chorizo stuffed tenderlion it was like chewing on a piece of rubber stuffed with soy. My girl freind had  flavorless tacos with stale corn tortillas. three  words it sucked, sucked, sucked!
4	Mushroom Enchiladas, YUM!! Might not sound good to some of you, but believe me, these are amazing!! We also got the chips and salsa, which all three versions were a little spicy for me. I like a little spice, but maybe they can tone down the heat drastically on one of the options. Our server was very nice. He was attentive and johnny on the spot with everything. I have been here one other time, also for a business lunch, and I am still a major fan. I need to get back to this place next time I'm in Tempe and try a famous margarita!
4	This is a typical Tex-Mex eatery. The tropical guava mojitos are divine here!! The menu is fairly diverse. Mostly mexican dishes but there are salads and pastas with a spicy kick to them.The table side guacamole is delicious but not worth the $10. (especially since it's considered an appetizer)Entrees average around $12-16. A very spacious location, so great for groups. I've heard their happy hour is great. Will try that next time. Parking is limited but there is a valet outside.
2	I used to love this place but  this time I was very disappointed. The grilled vegetable platter  was just O.K. and way overpriced. The complimentary cornbread that is a big hit was not baked although it was 4:30 in the afternoon. I was hoping to eat it with the veggie platter. .The waiter offered to put it in a box when it was ready for us to take with us which was thoughtful but we were going to a play and couldn't have taken it even if we wanted to. Worst part of all is the cornbread tasted "flat". and came with some spread which was not butter. I asked for butter and got a huge dish of margarine.Ended up leaving half the cornbread and ALL the margarineMy husband had a tasteless tortilla soup. The margherita was good as was the guacamole. A bowl of soup, veggie platter, margherita and guacamole cost $32.
4	Who DOESN'T want a margarita at 3 in the afternoon?!  I was headed to Gammage for the Broadway show Wicked.  I started with a double shot of Cabo Wabo Anejo and a 20th Anniversary Marg.  Nice way to kickstart the evening!  Enjoyed a Z Salad (my fave) and an order of cast-iron skillet dumplings.  Both were absolutely delicious!  I had to keep after the waitress for water, cornbread and MY CHECK!!  I was almost late to the show because she took 20 minutes getting my check to me!  Interesting, though, was the fact that I had originally ordered a different tequila shot and the waitress returned to tell me they were out of it, so I ordered the Cabo Wabo.  It wasn't until a few days later that I looked at my receipt and noticed she had still charged me for the first shot (they were out of).  $10.25!!!  Did I say it was $10.25?!!  OUCH!!! I immediately contacted the restaurant and spoke to a manager named Angela.  She was extremely helpful and immediately resolved the situation.  Not only did she refund the $10.25 to my card, but she also sent me $20 in gift certificates!  No worries, Z'Tejas -- I'll be back!!Love this place!
4	I went there for the first time last night. I made a reservation online which was nice because you didn't have to try to call in or wait when you got there. The food is good and the service was great. They give you bread at your table which is a little different then chips from what I am use to at southwestern food but it was good. I tried the dumpling appetizer it was good!!
4	Great outdoor patio with attentive staff. We had a few drinks and then tried the seafood enchiladas and grilled salmon. I know what you are thinking: seafood in Arizona? Still the enchiladas, though covered in a few too many layers and sauces, were tasty and the salmon was cooked perfectly.  Without knowing much about the restaurant scene here, i lucked out and would definitely go back. And when you are done just go across the street and have a cigar!!!
3	Salad was great, food was bland. Table side margarita was served in a pint glass? Focus on service was very impressive. A sign of great management. Wish the enchilada special would have been all that. Next time?
5	I rarely say holy moly, but holy moly brunch, people. Shared the ahi chipotle citrus bites and the catfish beignets among several people, and both were write-home-about delicious. I had the stuffed french toast all to myself and I'm pretty sure everyone who writes a positive review about stuffed anything makes this joke, but afterwards I was the stuffed one. Luckily everything else I had planned that day involved sitting quietly, digesting and meditating on the meaning of life. The meaning of life on Sunday is good brunch, so the circle was unbroken.
4	I have eaten here numerous times through the years and the food is always really good. This is a solid choice for lunch, dinner and happy hour. But lets be honest people, there is one thing that constantly brings me back to Z tejas, the Chambord Margarita. From the first time that I tried one back in 2001 up to today, this is the best margarita I have ever had. Everytime I come to Mill Ave. this is the first place that I go. I have one Chambord and then hit the town. You gotta get one!
3	Went here for lunch with a coworker.  The service was a bit slow, as you are supposed to get garlic bread prior to your meal we did not receive it until our meal arrived because the kitchen was backed up.  The food was good, but over priced compared to what you can receive at many other Mexican restaurants in the valley.  Wasn't exactly bang for your buck.  I ordered two enchiladas, which were excellent, but for $12, I could have gotten more else where.  Overall, I would recommend it, but I prefer other places.
5	This place is awesome! Food and drinks are A+
5	I'm recently trying out a gluten free diet, so I came to ZTejas knowing they have a g-free menu. I had their veggie tacos and they were amazing! Our server was also very considerate and warned me that the corn bread was not g-free. Big fan, I'll be going back soon!
3	I came this time to try the happy hour for the first time.  Wasn't as good as I expected and drinks were more than you would normally pay at happy hour but they were premium or top shelf like cabo wabo etc and the two drinks I had were so good that they kind of made up for the high price.   I expected the food to be way better but got the trio and the guac was tasteless had to put lots of salt on it and salsa but the queso that came with it was really good the salsa was just ok.  Steak tacos were pretty good I would get those again.  The shrimp guacamole bites were not that great.  The shrimp on top tasted really good by itself but they put too much of the tasteless guacamole on top of the cracker then top it with the shrimp and that way they are too big to handle in a bite and the boring guac is no fun and seems to take away from the good taste of the shrimp. Total cost for 3 appetizers and 4 drinks $65 without tip.  Next time I would rather go to the Keg House for less and better food too.
2	It's a freaking chain but they do have decent food and good margaritas.  Unlike every other location of this chain I've been to across the country this one has some stupid rule that they have a limit on the number of margaritas you can buy...   Seriously a limit of THREE?  Do I look like an 80 pound sorority girl tasting booze for the first time or I'm I still actually a 200+ pound old rugby player, honorably discharged army vet, seasoned party professional and citizen of New Orleans that finds downing three of these things easier than Cortes conquering the Aztecs?  I  lived next to the original location of this chain in Austin and I never had to contend with such a ridiculous policy.  No other place in Tempe seems to have such a stupid policy.  The margaritas are good but they are FAR from being high octane potent!   I can understand if someone is stupid drunk being cut off but just having a blanket policy that they are going to limit the number of drinks you can buy is just plain anti-capitalist and un-American!  All I can figure is they are attempting to discourage this from becoming a college hangout...  Ah well at least there are many better LOCAL joints at a better value that don't ration out their drinks in the area.
4	The cornbread ROCKS it every time.  It sort of reminds me of Thanksgiving corn casserole.  And it's free!I recently had the chili relleno and it was tasty but could have been heated up a bit more.
5	Walked in during the Tempa Arts Festival. The restaurant was crowded so went to the bar to sit down and eat, the bartender was very helpful. I noticed a flight of margaritas to try and told the bartender to pick, she did and great job and they really packed a wallop(they don't short change you on the amount of tequila). She brought over a pan of corn bread that was absolutely delicious with juices pieces of corn mixed in. We shared a the Chicken Enchilada and the steak tacos, both were flavorful and delicious and nicely proportioned. Love to go back and try more food. What a great find and the prices were very reasonable. The decor was warm and friendly and the staff was very helpful also.
2	Great service by Allison; TERRIBLE food!  Took over 40 min to get awful, cold food.  Spoke to mgr, who never came to table, and only offered dessert as compensation.  "Banana muffin" was vanilla cream cupcake?
4	Great place to enjoy some tasty cocktails!  NIce atmosphere, friendly staff, great cocktails and good food too!
3	I'd go back just for the Sunday brunch Mimosa bar! You get your glass of champagne & then head to a little area set up by the bar. On one side you have the Mimosa section & on the other the Bloody Mary section. I loved selecting the type of juice combinations & the fruit to drop in. I'm easy to please, lol! The food was just ok. I got the GREEN CHILE BARBACOA ENCHILADAS . The taste was pretty bland & the beef a bit tough. I was expecting Mexican food taste, but this is definitely more TexMex, which is totally different. Next time I'll try something else. This location is right off of Mill. Street parking is hard to snag, but there is a public parking garage less than a block away on 6th.
4	Tried out the Happy Hour here and it was decent. Ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla which was kinda small and in an odd rolled up form, but loaded with carmel;ized onions and a nice smoky white meat shredded chicken for $6. THe guacamole that was alongside was top of line and so was the fresh, homemade salsa. Bud light only $3.50 and i would order that tableside guac straight up next time for $6 at happy hour. Nice staff and they changed the channel promptly on request. Menu looks great, will be back,
2	Not worth the price. I would not go back. Pretty unexciting.
5	This place never disappoints me. This is the first time I went during their Bloody Mary bar for Sunday brunch. The service was immaculate, the food was awesome, especially the grilled pork my wife had....it had excellent flavor. I must say, I made a really good Bloody Mary. Their baked goods like the muffin I had and the cornbread my guests had were DELICIOUS. The waitress was excellent as by brother-in-law asked if the burgers were messy and she picked up on the hint and brought him a "messy" burger with LOTS of BBQ sauce. To top it off, the hostess sat us under the flag of my home state.....TEXAS!
1	Heavily disappointed when me and my friends went there for lunch. I got the distinct impression the food is pre-packaged when I asked if I could order the mushroom enchiladas a la carte. The waitress said it wasn't possible and that I would have to get the full plate. I  wanted to specify, so I asked if it was impossible to just  get a couple of enchiladas....and she said it comes with rice and beans.....Arghhh! What's the deal? But the food was good and she was on top of the refills. But then dessert came around! And so she regaled me with all their desserts and they all sounded good, so I chose the berry cobbler. She said it was her favorite and I was craving some healthy additions to a possibly decadent dessert! So there we waited....30 minutes for that freakin' cobbler! And guess what? No berries!!!! It was an apple cobbler!!!! Now that I think about it, I should have talked to the manager, but after waiting so long and keeping all my friends there, I felt like I was forced to eat it. So yeah, I'm not sure I want to go back anytime soon!!!
2	Although I don't care for chains, alas it served a purpose. I was looking for something on Mill where I could meet a friend for lunch, maybe sit on the patio, and have something relatively healthy  and affordable. I knew Z'Tejas has their under 550 cal menu so that's what I went for and got the ruby trout with steamed veggies and rice pilaf. The fish was somewhat overcooked but came with a decent pesto/salsa on top. My friend ordered the seafood enchiladas off the regular menu and really liked them. Our server was doing his best, and did well, although he was pushing the sales pitch extra thick. He had a comeback for everything trying to upsell us on alcohol, appetizers, desserts, it was just too much. I wasn't in the mood and I found it annoying.
3	The food wasn't too bad, but it wasn't anything astounding either- particularly for the price you pay. I'd give it four stars if the prices were cheaper. Cornbread is pretty great though!
2	The food is good but service can color the entire experience. In this case, twice. I had dinner with coworkers one night, lunch with them the next day. But on both occasions I was put off by two different servers. On dinner night, the bill came and the four of us got separate checks. No problem there. My three companions each ordered an alcoholic beverage, I did not (this is relevant in a moment). We all paid cash with $20s. Their total bills came to nearly $20. Mine about $14. The server asked if we all wanted change. I said yes, the others said no (which makes sense). The server clearly heard me the first time, but after gathering all checks asked me again if I wanted change. And this time, his tone was one of "Surely you do not want change, do you sir?". Let's see...a 20% tip would be a little less than $3. But this server clearly wanted $6, or over 40%!I finally let it go and said I was good, but I did not appreciate the old "embarrass the customer" trick. And I've worked in the industry so I know how it works. The next day, a similar experience. This time, we had nine in our group. At the end, as is customary with such a large party, gratuity was already included in the check at 18%. But the server never mentioned it (I always look for it). Most restaurants require servers inform their tables that gratuity added in. But this server said nothing. I pointed it out, and the group was surprised and thankful they learned of it prior to double tipping. But in my opinion, if a servers accepts a double tip it's no different than letting someone pay you more change at the register than you were due. Isn't that theft? I come to a restaurant for a fine dining experience with pleasant servers. A nice break. Not to be ripped off or have to watch my back. And having this type of thing happen two times in a row tainted the experience to the point that I can't even discuss the food. All my opinion, here.
3	Went there for dinner a few nights ago -  The margaritas are the only factor that brought this review up to 3 stars.  Compared to a place down the street these margaritas were outstanding.The food was nothing extraordinary.  The guacamole was WAY overpriced for what you get.  Yea, it's cool that they make it tableside but the portion is very small for $10.50 and it wasn't that flavorful.  Also, it took a significant amount of time for it to come to our table.  So much time, that our entrees were served within minutes, which is one thing I hate.  Who wants their dinner experience to be rushed?I ordered the baked seafood enchiliadas, which sounded amazing on the menu.  Very disappointing.  It definitely wasn't an enchilada...just two small tortillas stacked on top of each other with mostly a spinach filling. Not much seafood at all and they completely forgot to include any shrimp on.  When I asked for the shrimp, the waiter brought out 2 small very overcooked shrimp.  I substituted the beans for vegetables which were very bland and wilted (green beans and corn).   My boyfriend ordered the barbacoaa enchiliadas...again nothing special.  Sounded better on paper. I would maybe only go back for the happy hour margaritas.  Disappointed.
5	This place is money!  Can't go wrong with the food and they actually have some of the best Margs on Mill. Good service and good atmosphere.
2	The food? Good quality; the fish tacos were excellent. The complimentary cornbread was delectable, buttery, and melted in my mouth. The prices? Very reasonable. My problem is the hostesses. I came here for dinner with my fiance, and to my horror, we were greeted by two bimbos scantily clad in very revealing tops with more than a modest amount of cleavage. I don't know if this sort of "night club attire" is part of their employee dress code or if the restaurant just likes to hire women with such a lack of self-respect. Because of these young, busty women, my pig of a soon-to-be husband couldn't keep his eyes off of them, rather than focusing his attention on his food, or more importantly, me. If we wanted to have this kind of show, we would have gone to the  Hooters down the street. I won't be going back here for that reason. I highly suggest you don't bring a male date here.
4	Went for Happy Hour, it was a pretty decent deal. Tostada appetizer was delish. The chambord margarita was also a a treasure.
4	This place is great for large groups since they have an awesome happy hour!  I love the street tacos plate, chambord margarita and can't forget the cornbread YUM! A must go when I'm in town.
4	Sooo Good! The shrimp dumplings turned a non-seafood eater into someone who craved the dumplings later
3	Great corn bread! Everything is average in taste, service is good but you can get bored of it soon as they do not change their menu or make new stuff
4	Love the Trio app great starter, margaritas are to die for, and the 5 jack mac and cheese, HEAVEN. Service... good luck with that one... but YUM. Best Margaritas in a restaurant chain ever!
4	I came here for the first time to meet a client for lunch.  He selected this place because it was convenient for him and his office location.  Since I don't come down to Tempe very often, I didn't realize that there's free parking for this place if you dine here...so instead, I paid for metered parking down the street because it's hard to find parking in this part of Tempe during lunch.After reviewing the menu, we decided to split Chips & Salsa, $5 for an appetizer and I ordered a Hickory Burger, $10.75.  The Chips & Salsa was pretty good but the Burger was excellent!  Not only is it full of flavor, but it's huge and juicy....great tasting, but I shouldn't have had it for a business lunch....it could've been a disaster because it's pretty messy.  I lucked out and didn't get it on my clothes.  Next time, I will order it for dinner.Service was good and the lunch was successful.  Looks like this place would be fun for happy hour...will have to give that a try sometime.Return Factor - 90%
5	The smoked chicken stuffed poblano was fantastic!!! My cousin said his skirt steak was delicious. Finally a five star southwestern restaurant.
1	I just can't eat at this one since getting terrible service and then going into the restroom only to find it completely devoid of soap.  Yes, you know what that means boys & girls, none of the female staff had soap to wash their hands either.  GROSS!  This was a year or two ago and fingers crossed they're better now but this Z-Tejas location is ruined for me.
4	Great food and ambiance.
4	just had lunch at Z-Tejas in Tempe with three co-workers.  Friendly smiling happy waitrons, and excellent service; constant attention to refills of water, iced tea, and colas.  four different salsas plus guacamole and excellent chips. I had the Daily Special which was green mole' chicken enchiladas - excellent; served with very good black beans and Spanish rice. Dude had avocado turkey burger with chipotle aioli sauce. cleaned his plateLadies had Parmesan pecan chicken salad and the Five-cheese Macaroni & Achiote Chicken and raved about both.dessert was a shared warm apple-berry cobbler with ice cream, Yummy and plenty.In and out in just over an hour, but we were in no hurry and lingered.  Surprisingly good sized crowd for a Wednesday lunch in downtown Tempe in late July - the reasons are as noted in my review - very good food and excellent service too.
3	I admit, i have passed on this place a few times just bcus i was not highly impressed with things i have read/heard but i finally gave them a shot. Nothing really knocked my socks off but nothing left me complaining or bitching either. they have a large menu and a good variety of original items but to be honest the description sounded a lot better than the actual taste of the food. Service was good and nice large space inside. i was full and content but i wont be begging to go back again. I'm not a hater or a lover i guess you can say just a satisfied guest.
4	Upon moving to AZ, we tried Z'Tejas and I was not a fan.  I can't say why exactly - the food just didn't do much for me.  I gave it another shot recently and I'm a convert!  My smoked chicken quesadilla was delish and they have a great drink menu (I had a watermelon concoction with black sea salt).  Staff was great!
4	Ambient is very nice, celing is high... I only ordered the tortilla soup... It was spicy for me and I did not eat it. The waitress just said since it was too spicy for you, You wont be charge for that. Thank you waitress, you made my dayThe cornbread will not desapoint you!!!
4	I've been here a couple times now and I do enjoy coming to eat here every now and again. Good-sized portions, and their cornbread is just amazing. Favorite thing to get here is the street tacos (I'm a bit of a taco addict), but I want to try their veggie tacos as well. Good queso/nachos. Customer service is very good - the servers are friendly and accommodating. I love their teas; all unsweetened, but they've got great flavors. My favorite so far is the mango one, though the passion fruit is also good. Oh, and their tortilla soup is GREAT. That + cornbread + tea = the perfect comfort, recovery meal after a hangover.
5	Best margaritas and cornbread! The diablo pasta is amazing, and you get enough for two meals. I usually do not eat leftovers, but Diablo pasta (and Alfredo in the Dark from Oreganos) is the only food I still like the second day. The cornbread, street tacos and trio salsa are fantastic. The Sixth Street frozen margarita is soo yummy and strong! Great place to start a fun evening in Scottsdale or Tempe.
2	Went to ztejas today for lunch. The server was great, I got the happy hour margarita, which are super strong and always delish. Then I ordered the salmon miso with rice and veggies. It was a $19 plate. I asked for the salmon medium rare. As I was eating it I got to the thicker part and it was pretty much uncooked. It wasn't even warm in the middle. Told the waiter and he took the plate back to fix it. When it came back it was my exact same plate with my partial bites in the same place, conclusion they popped it in the microwave! I sucked it up and ate it to realize the rice was hard as well! Awful. When we finished the manager came by to ask how it was. I let him know my salmon was way undercooked and the rice was hard! He said sorry and that he would let the kitchen know. Didn't offer reduced check, dessert or anything. Besides the marg and cornbread it was awful and I can't believe I spent 30 dollars here today. Never going back.
2	Mediocre. They forgot our bottom less chips and our steak fries that came with our dinner! Our waiter was nice but still a little clueless. Food was alright
1	What a disappointment yesterday. We wanted to have a late dinner and drinks after the football game and that wasn't possible at the Tempe z-Tejas. I love the location in Scottsdale so we thought this would be a solid spot to patronize. We were seated in the corner like they didn't want us there. But this allowed for us to watch the timeline and activities in the area. They started filling in the tables and actually moved other patrons after they had been seated so they could accommodate another table?? Those folks were more polite, I felt this inconsiderate to their experience. On the subject of other patrons another table did better by getting their drinks from the bar. Our server was too busy standing at the server station, "looking busy". He wasn't, trust me, I was a server for years. Not a good habit when the computer is in guest view. The female server in the area was on top of things and folks who were sat after us had drinks, cornbread and soup. We had asked for lemons twice to no avail, because our server never came back to our table by that time. The one thing we managed to receive was the "hard day" margaritas. These were over poured with alcohol and didn't taste good. It came down to the unfortunate situation of snagging a manager from a runner. I informed him of the deplorable service and he offered to be our server. It was so long at that point I couldn't stay. It was insulting. The manager comp'd our drinks and said we were are free to go. Like we were being removed from prison. At this point I was so irritated I would have preferred a more professional phrase, such as I'm sorry for the poor service, etc. The server never introduced himself, never even looked us in the eye or took care of us and his other tables in the slightest. Here is your tip: do not work in a college town at a place where people will come late at night if you can't be polite. It's part of the job. Maybe find a job where you don't serve people because you are not good at that.
3	Chicken tortilla soup is delicious!!! Highly recommended! Everyone that ordered it all agreed that it was perfect. Chambord margarita is delicious as well!! Everyone also agreed that these margaritas were pretty bomb.I came here previously and just recently for lunch. The whole group I was with enjoyed our lunch especially the margaritas. Two friends had the chicken avocado sandwich with sweet potato fries. I had the soup and a garden salad. Sandwiches are probably the better option but if I didn't say it enough try the tortilla soup! I will be back, maybe to try out the happy hour!
3	The food and service are good. I just can't say I was wowed my experience here.
2	Nothing special here. Food isn't bad but nothing to get excited about. Especially for the price. Service is just ok. Went there with some friends and probably won't go back.
4	Ate lunch here last week, and food was good. Me and my fiance had the salmon and it was cooked to perfection. Shared the enchilada, and it was also good. The cornbread is delicious, perfect when hot, and just as god later when it is cold. Prices are fair.
4	This is one of my favorite happy hour spots on Mill. They have the best Chambord margarita's! Be careful though...they are strong. Another must order item on the menu is the Tejas Trio.
4	One of the only true sit down Mexican restaurants close to campus. The cornbread that they give you the beginning his very excellent. And the enchiladas are also good themselves. A good place to take someone on a date!
5	Great value, delicious food, nice casual atmosphere.  But best of all, terrific service. Our server was busy and someone else noticed and got us started with our order.  Excellent team work and very well-managed.  Keep up the great job!
4	Now that I have moved to CA, I never get to eat at Z'Tejas anymore.  So I of course had to pay them a visit when I was in town.  I ordered what I always ordered...the Chicken Jerk Salad.  I don't care for the sesame dressing that comes with it, so I ask for Caesar instead. It was pretty good.  Two of my friends decided to try the bloody Mary bar.  It was pretty cool.  You make it yourself near the bar.  You can add beef sticks, pickles, pepperoni and more.  Not a bad deal for $4.
3	I went there for a business dinner while on a trip to Phoenix. The interior is nice and some in my party were happy with their meals. Some others including me weren't salivating for a return. I ordered a southwestern salad and a bowl of tortilla soup, Neither was good. Since I don't live there I'm sure I won't be going back. I am giving an overall 3 because some in my party liked their food.
1	Haven't been here in a while and service not good tonight.  Husband had to go in to flag someone down for water after a long wait, an abnormally long wait on the patio.  It wasnt even busy so after the waitress made initial visit to our table she didnt come back to check on us for a really long time so food was going cold.  finally she came when I was 3/4 of the way finished but I tried to eat slower than the slow I already eat so that I could get the green salsa that I love.  After a really long wait maybe 15 minutes and honestly I think it was more like 20 she comes back with hot enchilada sauce.  I was so upset now because the whole meal was just crap cold and soggy since we had to wait so long in between each visit.  Finally she comes back and I tell her she brought wrong sauce and that I would like the green salsa please.  Again after a really long wait she finally brings the right thing.  Anyway it was yuck and it was cold, and soggy and not fun sorry I already said that.  I used to go here all the time but the visit prior to this one almost the same thing happened.  I had a cold wet soggy burrito by the time I got my salsa.  That was in May and i used to go at least once a week.  So since that last awful visit in May 7 months later I try again and wow it was the same and worse.  Bummer, used to love this place.
2	Came here yesterday for dinner. We got there around 5:20 and were told it was a 20 minute wait to sit on the patio. There were several empty tables but I assumed they had a wait because there were not enough servers. After 20 minutes we were seated at one of the tables that was empty the entire time we waited. Once we were seated we continued to wait about 5 minutes to be greeted by our server. We almost got up and left but for some reason decided to stick it out. The food was good- we had the table side guacamole, chicken avocado sandwich and enchiladas. The red sangria and margarita were also good but it took 20 minutes to get them. Overall just slow service and I couldn't really figure out why as they weren't that busy. I hadn't been here in several years and do not think I will be back anytime soon.
5	We love Z!  It was one if our favorite restaurants in Austin, so we were excited to find one in Tempe.  The Santa Fe enchiladas and Diablo Pasta are both fantastic, as are the margaritas.
4	Great place if you're living close on mill. I go all the time and the margs are amazing. The tostadas bites are delicious as well. The cornbread they bring out is always hot. Service is always great too. I don't have much to complain about but it's always a great place to check out and hang out with friends
3	Food was good, drinks were good, service was really slow. We had a party of 8. It took probably 10+ minutes to get out first drinks. Then some appetizers get delivered to our table... We didn't order anything yet, so waitress takes them away to find correct table. After that we put in our appetizer orders and continued to wait. Finally the apps came out. Had to wait more on additional drinks. Once we're got to the main meal everything lolled and tested good. Not sure if I will go back based on the slow service.Don't get me wrong I like not being pestered by waitstaff, but this was more of just not being around.
5	After a long, tough, tiresome, frustrating day of air travel, we had a forced layover in Phoenix. The layover hotel didnt have a full service restaurant. The front desk rep recommended we go to Mill Street, which is 2 miles away and full of restaurants, shops, etc.We wanted something not too divvy and bar like (the university is nearby, so there are many of these places), and not upscale. We decidedjjjkl to eat at Z Tejas, right off of Mill Street. Beautiful looking place, fun, inviting. Z Tejas has outdoor patio seating, complete with heat lamps. We decided to sit inside. Upon entering the crescent main doorway you encounter a huge bar, cathedral ceilings, fun music, cool mod lighting, lively, beautiful inviting mexican decor (not overly done) and plenty of seating. Bartender was totally cool and friendly. I had a Chipoltle Margarita (for those of you who like it spicy. Literally! complete with a red hot pepper as the garnish.). After I drank 1/2 of it, I asked the bartender if he could 'tone it down' a bit, which he did gladly, and shook me up another full (milder) drink. Impressive.Seating was quick. Our waiter, Jay, was attentive, a bit snarky but knowledgeable and edgy. We liked him. We didn't want to order full meals, and were more interested in just drinks and a few appetizers. He recommended the Street Tacos and Chile Verde, which we now HIGHLY recommend! The food was beyond good. So flavorful, and seriously enough for 2 people to share (we started with their famous homemade cornbread, that came in a black skillet, the size of a small dessert plate. More than enough!)  GREAT place to dine!
4	I would come back to this place just for the cornbread.  I had a mac and cheese type dish that was pretty good.  The service was good.  I came during lunch and they served us pretty quickly.
3	I'm giving it a three because the second waiter was better than the first. Second time trying this restaurant.Maybe because I'm pregnant but I'm not a fan of the food. I had the street tacos as an appetizer and the diablo pasta as the main dish. I split the tacos with my friends husband. They lacked flavor and the meat was cold. The diablo pasta with jerk chicken tasted horrible, made me nauseated, so I returned it. I put a little salt on the dish and it didn't help. Needless to say, I won't return.
5	I paid my first visit to Z-Tejas during a nice bike ride in Tempe because a co-worker of mine claimed they had a great happy hour. I have passed by this restaurant numerous times and didn't think anything special would come from a visit. I had the notion that this was another typical Mexican chain that was most likely overpriced and overrated. I can only speak for their happy hour, but it was probably one of the best happy hours around town! Everything was so cheap and great quality! I swear by their Chambord Margaritas...They are only $5 and although they seem smaller than expected, they pack a killer punch and tastes great! I was not expecting to feel that kind of buzz from one margarita! They definitely pour heavy with the alcohol!! We were planning on hitting the Chuck box for dinner afterwards so we decided to try an appetizer off of the happy hour menu just to give it a try and munch on a snack until we finished our drinks. That did not happen. We were sooooo full from the pork nachos appetizer that we could not even think about eating anything else. When the waitress brought them out, we were in shock and I guess it happens all the time because she immediately said, " I know, they're huge and the biggest thing you can get for $5 anywhere." (LOOK AT MY PICTURE OF IT) Not only was it humongous, it was incredibly delicious!!! They are extremely generous with all of the toppings (and boy, do they have a lot of toppings). We asked for hot sauce and she brought out sriracha. At first we were like, sriracha? That weird, but she walked away and I love sriracha so I was like I'll give it a try, why not? WOW it surprisingly went perfect with the pork and cheese etc. I can't wait to come back for happy hour again because everything on the menu looked amazing!! Our server was so kind and funny. She was very helpful and helped us choose the perfect meal for the day! I think her name was Christina. I definitely recommend trying their happy hour!! I posted a picture of the HH menu and their hours are in there on the side. Happy Hour is 3-7 Mon-Fri and 2-6 on weekends. Do ITTTTTT!
2	Appetizers came with our dinner which of course shouldn't. Cornbread & catfish nuggets appetizer were really good though. After all the raving my coworkers did, I expected better
4	My daughter and I were visiting ASU and tried it hoping for the best, we were not disappointed!  I had the fish tacos and she had the wild mushroom enchiladas.  We both couldn't stop praising our meals, not to mention the cornbread that was the best we ever ate.  Service was excellent and atmosphere was great. We sat outside and enjoyed the great weather.  We will definitely be going back once she starts school there in the fall.  The only complaint I would have is that when I ordered Jack on the rocks, it was the smallest pour I had ever received in a bar/restaurant. (very minor, prob. not worth mentioning)
4	We were enjoying a wonderful margarita when we saw a flight of margaritas go past.  So...we ordered 2 flights (6 total little glasses) labeled them and started a serious taste test.  Our wonderful bartender, Daniel, assisted us.  The winner in the taste test was the Patron margarita.  We enjoyed those little shrimp tostada as we tasted.  Soooo good.
2	Disappointing. I had found this place ahead of time, and liked the menu so I brought a few friends from a conference we were attending. I'm from the East Coast so I was looking forward to some good Mexican food in Arizona. Ha. I've had better enchiladas in Delaware. I ordered the Green Chile Barbacoa Enchiladas, which the waitress gushed about, but also because I had decided to get them ahead of time since they sounded great. Meh. No kick to them at all, but also there was really nothing inside them. They seemed small and empty. They looked real pretty on the plate, I'll give them that, but they were mild in taste. Sort of a tourist version of an enchilada. My friends were equally unenthused about their dishes, though they said they were "good." On the plus side, the corn bread they served us was tasty.
3	not worth the money drinks are very small with a high cost, since when do serve margarita's in a rock glass bartending 101
4	Great margaritas and good atmosphere. The food is decent, but I don't go there for the food.
4	Be careful during happy hour. Shocktop is considered a craft beer here so they will charge you more for it.That said what is cool about this place is the Bloody Mary bar.  You can totally fill up your cup with almost anything and everything there and create your own mix of stuff.After that the food is good and overall a great lunch stop.
3	Visited a friend recently in Tempe and he took me to this place. The service was great, the staff was super friendly and attentive, definitely a lot more polite than I am used to from New York so they get an A on that. Other than that there is nothing special about this place.The atmosphere is cool. The food was also good, but nothing that really blew my mind. Over all a good experience but probably wouldn't find me going back here even if I lived in the area.
4	Service was good and provided wonderful recommendations. My wife and I were able to take all the time we needed to place our order then to eat. I didn't feel rushed out the door which made it a pleasant experience where we could relax have some good food and some drinks.
3	I haven't been here since college, and now I remember why.  the food is only so-so and the atmosphere is puzzling.  I don't want to listen to loudly-played Britney Spears when I'm trying to eat Tex-Mex type food.as far as the food, some was good and some was not so good.  I liked the chopped salad, which came with avocado, sunflower seeds, black beans, chopped tomato, cabbage.  I ordered the seafood enchilada for my entree, and I did not enjoy that.  the salmon and other fish inside the enchilada tasted off, like fish that was getting old and almost to the point of being bad, but they still cooked it anyway.  I also wanted some "spice" to my food.  everything was sort of bland, which is really not what you want when eating Tex-Mex (or whatever Mexican fusion type of food this is supposed to be...)my boyfriend enjoyed his steak burrito, but he also felt like the food was overpriced for what we got.
5	Really enjoy food here. Severs are courteous and food is just simply awesome. Good for lunch meetings or informal gathering of friends/ family too.I am a vegetarian. I really like Z'Tejas Trio (chips + cheese +salsa and guacamole) - good for 3-4 people and for main course I like their signature pasta.If you have never been to this place, it is a must try!Enjoy \m/
5	Great salads and tacos. Friendly staff. Make sure to ask for cornbread it comes with dinner free, but our waitress forgot until we asked
3	Z'Tejas was ok...  Went there for some drinks and desert after dinner elsewhere.  Staff was friendly but not that attentive.  Drinks were fine and prices were on point of what I expected.  Did get this brownie pie thing, and it was really good.  However, I would have a hard time recommending this place with my experience.  I am not against going back and would give them another shot for real food, but if that happens I will make sure to update.
4	It's kinda funny- I avoided this place because I am not a fan of Mexican food, generally.  But this ended up exceeding all expectations. Nice, upscale Southwestern fare, great bar, great wait staff. Sadly, no wings.  But they had a nice array of imports, free awesome cornbread at the bar (so much for low carb),and really great salads and sandwiches. My co pilot has been there often. So I got to try multiple menu items.  I cannot tell you how good the grilled veggie torta was Mounds of fresh veggies with a glaze on a grilled roll. The grilled steak/ mango salad was spicy and full of nuts, cheeses and veggies. Great for large groups, singles, couples. Clean and open, casual or dressy fine here. All types and characters. I didn't see any coeds, the place is not cheap, but I did get to see game 2 of the World Cup and have a great meal. Perfection.
4	OMG- the cornbread!!! The cornbread was so good. I literally filled up on cornbread and drinks from happy hour. The food was pretty good as well. Our waiter was such a sweetheart. He was young guy, unfortunately I can't remember his name. Service was spot on and the speed of the food coming out was very fast. I'm deducting one star, just because I've had better food in the area.
3	The food and service were both good but nothing stuck out as spectacular. Free cornbread to start and it was definitely fresh but I'm not a fan so I can't comment on it. For dinner I ordered the avocado and turkey burger with steamed vegetables instead of fries. The burger was a little bland but hot sauce (siracha or tobasco) really livened it up. The vegetables were great, a mix of grilled peppers and onions. My girlfriend got some sort of chicken, spinach, and mushroom and seemed to enjoy it.  The main reason I wish to come back is because it seems like they might have a decent happy hour and the Bloody Mary bar definitely has my attention.  I don't really see myself visiting often outside of those specials as the prices are a little high for what you get.
3	I don't know if I would come here at any other time besides happy hour, because of the prices and my budget restrictions, but Z'Tejas has very strong margaritas that are definitely worth it and my god, that cornbread. Other than the cornbread, however, it wasn't a particularly memorable dining experience. I wouldn't go out of my way to make a return visit, but if someone suggested it and it was during their happy hour, I may give it another shot.
3	Had appetizer $8 Pork Tostadas' Delicious! not much one can say about mexican fare, same 6 ingredients just arranged differently and called something else. We ate at happy hour and bloody mary's were $8.75. Went there to kill time while our flight was delayed. No reason I can think of to return. Great service however. Was lucky to find parking. On the sunny side of the street at 108 degrees one might argue that isn't lucky.
4	Good food.  Great Margaritas.
5	Delicious, drinks and dining are always impeccable. Never have had a bad experience. This is a once a month Sunday dinner with the girls event. The margaritas are delicious. The corn bread in the pan adds a little country to the dining experience. The service has always been on point. Drinks refilled before anyone passes by and I have to ask, the cadence of appetizers, entrees and desserts is always great. Never have to rush to finish my salad or finagle plates around on the table.
2	Just like every eatery, it is hit or miss with the service.  However this time, what's notable is the shrinkage of the menu and the quality of service.
4	Food was good but kind of pricy! I enjoyed the happy hour which comes with corn bread that was amazing.
3	Food isn't too bad. Service is miserably slow for a slow Sunday even with the ironman event in town. Not really worth the $$$. No beer selection either.
5	Wanted breakfast in Tempe before a day football game. (Long lines!) we walked in just after they opened and got seated right away. When we asked about the breakfast menu we were told they were only serving lunch that day. We were clearly disappointed, but within minutes of hearing the news, a manager showed up, apologized deeply, offered us special gift certificates for our inconvenience then had the kitchen crack a couple eggs for a bacon and egg dish for my wife! I had the nachos which were a great meal size portion. And who doesn't like fresh cornbread?!? Service was on point despite the large crowd. I'm not normally a big fan of any 'chain' type restaurants, but when the customer service levels exceed anything I can think of, I'll be back as well as refer friends and family. Thank you Z-Tejas!
2	The food was so-so but definitely overpriced. As my first time coming here, I can say it will probably be my last. Overall, not a very good experience.
