5	When I think of "Hampton Inn," I think budget hotel. The decor at this Hampton Inn certainly did not suggest this. With the dark wood furniture, white sheets, classy black & white photographs accompanying the room numbers, and modern lobby, I felt like I was at a Sheraton or Westin. The staff was friendly and considerate too - we asked for a room that wasn't facing the highway and she took it a step further by giving us a room away from the area with lots of kids.The free breakfast was also a step up from your usual continental breakfast - it included sausage and eggs that you can make a biscuit sandwich with, among a variety of other usual items. We didn't get to use their pool but it looked nice from afar. The base price was $119 but we had a 20% off coupon through Orbitz.
5	Loved this Hampton Inn!Staff was super friendly. Close to restaurants and shopping.Clean, comfy, and well maintained hotel, close to the highway and perfect for a quick getaway from Chicago area.
2	Wow, 5 stars? Did we stay at the same hotel? This location is the newer version where the room entrances are enclosed which is a plus. They've also had their renovation in the lobby with the high counter/seating area.  But my room smelled like stale smoke and the desk was really small.So while the staff was super friendly and the location is actually more convenient to where I needed to be in Madison, on my return trip I opted to stay in the HGI in Middleton than endure another week in this less than acceptable Hampton.
1	Front Desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever. The rooms were small and when we got to our room there was pee in the toilet still. Would choose a different hotel if I was you.
3	Slightly lower than average Hampton Inn.  Heat/AC wasn't updated, pretty typical besides that.
5	We were visiting from San Diego, traveling with 2 boys- ages 17 and 14, staying at Hampton while visiting my husband's family in WI. Free breakfast each morning was substantial. Hotel was very busy due to a wedding. Staff was friendly, pleasant, always upbeat. Lots of snacks, wine, etc available for purchase. Clean rooms, no issue with leaving late or leaving early in the day- room was always cleaned the minute we left and ready for us when we came back- always. Lots of TV channels for our boys and good wifi. Had hoped to swim but the pool and pool area was so chlorinated that it burned our eyes just walking in there. That said, still a 5 star rating because I appreciate a pleasant, positive experience and with the wedding party all over the place and the chaos of that, the staff was always pleasant, the rooms always clean, lots of hot water, and a good variety for breakfast and ample food available to start our day on a positive. Thank you!
4	This was a fine place for an overnight stay during a road trip along 90/94.  Easy access from the Interstate and a ton of restaurants/malls within a 5-10 minute drive.The room was a little smallish - no closet, just a little alcove-thing, but again, for one night not a big deal.  Room was clean and looked recently remodeleFree wifi in the room - not sure if it was because we were using HHonors points, but free wifi should be a given these days. Downstairs common area was really nice.  We picked up dinner and hung out down there and watched football on the huge flatscreen.  There's a decent selection of snacks/drinks (including Spotted Cow) for sale at the front desk - but you can't buy beer past 9pm.Free breakfast is fine - nothing fancy, but it's free.  Also, 24/7 free coffee/tea in the lobby.The exterior of the hotel is undergoing some big renovations - if you wanted to hang out in the hotel during the day, the noise might get annoying, but we got in in the evening, and left in the morning before they really got started.I'd stay here again if I was passing through town.
4	The room was clean and modern. The hotel has been renovated recently.  Customer service at the desk was great.  I would definitely stay again. Free breakfast, They have a pool, but it was being renovated so we didn't get to use it.  My only complaint would be that the eggs and sausage in the breakfast were pretty bad.  But they were free so can't complain too much.
