5	Dr. Duboff, DMD is a really good dentist. He's very nice and personal. His staff is very friendly too. I was there 6 months ago for a check-up and had a filling fixed today. I didn't feel a thing. I highly recommend Smile Designers.
5	I went to this dentist on a recommendation from my friend Angie. I'm very weary of dentists anyway .. Bad childhood memories lol .. But I am glad I did ! awesome deal going for the holidays .. Only $99 ! ! Doc was so great and calmed me down and fixed a tooth I had hurting for a minute . I can't say enough about the whole experience .. The staff was amazi ng and the Doc , well the best I have ever been to. I'll recommend him to all my friends !! Next .. I'm going to get the bleaching trays ..
5	Dr D is the best. His staff is extremely professional nor does he ever have much of a wait. Hygiene and cleanliness for the patient are his top priority because he strives to treat each patient as a friend. His isn't like other dentists whose only goals are to get money and have a large bank account. He won't lie to you about the conditions of your teeth in order to make a quick buck because he is truly an honest professional. I refer everyone I interact with to Dr. D.
1	This is definitely NOT the place to go if you want to be treated FAIR!  I went in yesterday for an appointment only to be greeted with a new patient questionnaire that I could not see because no one took time to ensure the faded forms were legible.  I went on to realize after 30 minutes of sitting in the chair hearing whisper behind me that they were discussing my insurance rather than engaging me the patient!  I was then told they could not reach my insurance company and were kicking me out without any help.  Asking about anti biotic for my infection the assistant told me it would not help me!  Asking about pain meds she said the Dr will not see me because my insurance company wasn't reached. So I decided to head home without treatment when all of a  sudden the FAX came and I was insured! Amazingly I needed anti biotic and pain medication! You get a second class service with second class insurance! Don't even go unless you have the best insurance available. If you do have the best this is not the place for you either
5	Dr. Michael DuBoff is one of the most patient and caring people and an absolutely wonderful dentist.  I needed some major dental work done and was so terrified that I put it off for way too long.   I made an appointment with him and felt so comfortable with him and his office staff that I had the work I needed within 2 weeks of my first appointment.  I can without a doubt say that the procedures that I had done were relatively painless just like Dr. D. told me they would be.  I did need follow-up care and Dr. and his staff were always available and made time for me to come in without any waiting time.  I would highly recommend this office to anyone who has issues like I did. Thank you Dr. Mike for making dental work an amazing experience!  Best dentist in Las Vegas by far!  I have such a beautiful smile now which makes me very happy!
5	So my experience at Dr. Duboff office was amazing start to finish. I started goin to him back in may (2014) I had 2 wisdom teeth extracted, didn't sit and waste time scaring me with a bunch of details on what I was there for, he already knew. No pain, just a lil scary since I have severe anxiety when it comes to being a dentist office. He was very quick, clean, and made me feel relaxed and so did his staff... After that I went to back to get Durathin porcelain veneer teeth on my front 4 teeth, also very fast getting the appointment and getting it done. I had my teeth fully finished June 23rd (2014) I also bought teeth whitening from them before I had the veneers & picked up my whitening trays the very next day! Also, when you check in at Dr. Duboff's office u get a free whitening kit. Awesome since I was buyin one anyways. Its July 7th today and I love my teeth & plan on visiting Dr. Duboff's office for any of my oral hygiene needs! I have recommended people to go to him. Good prices and very professional staff, I didn't have insurance I just paid cash & he gave me a deal for paying cash. Oh & when I had my wisdom teeth extracted, they gave me codeine (which I had a allergic reaction to) & I called the office the next day and spoke with Christina (who is biggest sweet heart ever, always happy to help) she had the Dr send in a new prescription for me that day to help with the pain. Overall best dentist I've ever been to! Give it a try, you won't regret it!!!
5	words that i'm sure many would never hear, especially if you have ever seen "Little Shop of Horrors", but Dr. Duboff is the kindest, nicest gentlest dentist ever to grace the profession. i have been having MAJOR toothache for close to a week, but as it was sporadic, and i have no insurance, i tried to ignore it, hoping it would eventually go away. but Friday early evening i couldn't take the pain anymore. i contacted Dr. Duboff and asked if there was anyway he would be able to take me in. not only did he come in on a Saturday morning, during a long weekend, but he did such an amazing job, and gave such a reasonable price, that i couldn't stop thanking (or hugging) him.i would recommend Dr. Duboff and Smile Designers to ANYONE, who wants great service, and reasonable costs.thank you again Dr. Duboff and Smile Designers.
5	I really lucked out when I came across and decided on making a visit to Dr. Michael Duboff as a new patient! I located him through my dental insurance guide and of course went to Yelp to see if he had reviews and I read lots of great things! Unfortunately, words can not express how impressed I was with my dentist appointment however I will try my best! First of all, the staff is beyond Amazing, Christina who handles the front office is really the spice of life! She really knows how to make you feel warm, cozy and comfortable just like family. She was my first contact when I had called and inquired about making my new patient appointment and she had me sold! I said to myself yes, this is the office I am coming to for my dental work! Also she is very knowledgeable with how insurance plans work and gave me all the awesome details I needed. The office is gorgeous, unique and very inviting as it made me feel really relaxed and comfortable. I love how the dental rooms have a glass wall that overlook a private outdoor atrium. You won't feel claustrophobic because you have a nice view while relaxing in the dental chair completely open and bright.My dental hygienist was Superb as well, unfortunately I did not catch her name however she deserves praise!Last but certainly not least, Dr. Duboff the King Daddy of Dentistry himself! Wowzers, he is ridiculous Amazing in everything he does! There really is no word that describes how Fantastic he is, it simply has not been invented yet!I started off with a thorough cleaning, it left my mouth feeling so clean and good. I also had an old mercury filling removed and replaced with tooth colored resin, it is a beauty and better for my health! I also had an old broken porcelain crown fitted for replacement. My entire experience was relaxing, I was so happy and really enjoying myself during this visit. I had quite a bit of work done yet I did not feel it. I was comfortable the whole time even joking with Dr. Duboff, he really has a great sense of humor and personality. He really put me at ease, it was a fun experience and there I was having my teeth drilled! lolI know call me crazy but I am actually looking forward to my 2 week follow up appointment to do the rest of my work and get my permanent porcelain crown put in. Who really likes going to the dentist, nobody that is who! I must tell you that when you have a dentist this good, you will not hesitate! I promise and give you my word!To all of you my fellow Yelp friends, you know I have been an Elite Yelper for years, have I ever been this excited about a review? No, this really has to be one of my favorite experiences and reviews of all time. Thank you Dr. Michael Duboff and staff! You guys Rock!
