2	this feels like a beach grocery store partly because it hasn't been updated since the mid-80s.  horrible selection of cheeses. also, the imported cheeses are clear across the store from the dairy section. i mainly go to food lion because it is close to my house and it is cheap. recently, though, i have discovered it really isn't that much cheaper than harris teeter. it has no generic diet lemon lime soda. no fresh salsa under $5. the aisles are curved so you can't see all the way down them. its just strange. why are diapers on the same aisle as peanut butter?produce is limited and crammed into a tiny space in the store.the beer and wine section was ok. parking is ample. employees are friendly.
4	4.5 Stars!!I am going to politely disagree with the gentleman who have reviewed this Food Lion before myself.  Perhaps they have made some drastic changes since the last reviews... but I stopped here last night after work to stock up on some essentials and was blown away by the caliber of this place!Starting in the fresh produce - everything is neatly organized in baskets.  They have everything you are looking for plus more including organic options & rare finds such as avocado, tomatillos, plantains, fresh herbs, mescadine grapes, etc.  Definitely everything that you would see at a Harris Teeter, but more organized.Next to the Frozen Organic section.  Holy tap-dancing Christ!  Soy Ice-Cream?!  And a lot of it?!  For half the price of Earth Fare?!  Be still my beating heart.  It was love at first sight.  Plus Gluten & Dairy-free dinner/breakfast items (i.e. boca, burritos, etc). Directly behind the organic frozen food are more gluten/dairy/lactose free dry items such as pastas, granola bars, flour, cereal, and more.Deli Counter, Meat Counter, Sea Food Counter, Bread Bins..... yes, yes, yes!I won't bore you with the details of the other isles but just know that the international food selections can't be beat.Picked up some Almond Milk, Muscle Milk Powder, and Burt's Bees chapstick and called it a night.  I went at approx. 7pm on a Thursday night and was one of the only people in the store.  Check out was pleasant, the cashier asked me how my day was and then told me to come back to see them-to which I replied, don't you worry my friend!All of that plus my Food Lions MVP card got me out of there for a weeks worth of groceries for half of what I intended to spend.I fully back this Food Lion and have seen a drastic upward turn of a lot of other Food Lion's in the area.
4	Better than average.  This store is not like any of the ones close to my home.  It's a cut above.  You can find everything you should need here.  I like the short, double decker buggies and the store is always very neat and tidy.
4	Some FL are sketchy, some are pretty swanky and remind you of a Harris Teeter or something. This is one of those. Pretty nice FL, large, and with lots of stuff. Granted, mostly processed crap and some good for ya, healthy stuff, but cheaper than a lot of other options. I wish they had an automatic checkout line, here. That would be awesome.
4	This is a nice Food Lion store with a good selection of items. It's in a great location right off Park Rd, next to a Goodwill. They keep the store looking pretty clean, and it wasn't crazy busy on a Sunday afternoon (although it was before 12, so maybe people were waiting to go to buy beer). They had 4 cashiers, which is a good number for a Food Lion. I thought all of the employees were very friendly, and I had a cashier actually come up to me, and open a register up. Overall good experience, and good prices.
