5	My dog is my life.  As evidenced by the pics I have representing me.  Have I become one of those parents that live vicariously through their children (aka, dogs?)... I may have...But I digress.This should give you some indication of the love I have for this canine creature, and hence there's a PRESSING need for making sure that she gets THE BEST ABSOLUTE treatment ever.And this is where the fantastic team of "A Breed Apart" comes in.  Completely friendly staff always treats Sofia like their own pup, cheering her on, giving her treats when they do any procedure, and frankly everytime she's sick or has some kind of infection (damn rabbit turds that Sofia loves to eat) they're more than ready to treat it.  Also, they're the only vets that I feel comfortable calling at 1 am because my dog is limping, and they don't' give me the indication that they're pissed off because I just woke them up on a Saturday night.I highly recommend them!!!
5	I've been taking my dog here since we got him, so he's been here for check-ups, shots, health issues, and to be neutered.  Every time I've been the vets were great.  I think we've seen all of them and they're all wonderful with my dog and know what they're doing.
5	Our little maltese is a bit high maintenance to say the least, being a rescue and having anxiety issues.  All of the staff at  A Breed Apart went out of their way to make sure our little baby felt comfortable.  Our vet was personable and incredibly sweet to Eloise.  She recommended the right meds for her, and was more concerned with Eloise's well being than charging us for extra services.  She even called the next day to see if Eloise had recovered from her visit.  I would recommend A Breed Apart to anyone, any day, anytime.
5	I lost my pug, Gus, last week on Thursday. He was not quite 11 years old but was having numerous health issues and we didn't want to see him suffer. He was my best friend and what I loved about a Breed Apart, specifically Dr. Kate Washabaugh and Dr. Meyers and the techs, was that they knew this and treated him like he was part of their family too! They're nice, professional, and will care for your pets like they are they're own. I appreciate the fact that they were up front about conditions, treatment options and never did the overboard of 'let's make you do a slew of expensive tests' if there was a cheaper option that was still a good quality test. Towards Gus' end of his life, Kate W laid out options of what we could do, costs, etc. and had the frank discussion with us on his quality of life though.I loved this place, loved the staff and Dr. Kate W and Dr. Meyers! My next pet will go here as well!Note: I only saw Dr. Kate Peterson once or twice and preferred (i'll keep it to that, hoping she was having an off day) Dr. Kate W and Dr. Meyers.
5	You get the best care at the best price around!Very caring and professional !I would recommend them to any pet lovers.
5	I took my dog to another vet for 2 years when I first moved here. The experience was always fine. Nothing bad at all, but nothing to be too excited about. I didn't really ask around, but I started hearing more and more about A Breed Apart. A few of my coworkers who are surgeons had dogs with serious problems requiring surgery. The surgeries were performed at A Breed Apart, and they couldn't be happier. They also noted how reasonable the pricing was for their dog's care. They didn't feel like they were getting fleeced at all.So when it was time for Jackson's annual checkup, we established care at A Breed Apart. They took fantastic care of his and answered all of my detailed laundry list of questions without hesitation. I was very happy with the switch, especially because I feel happy establishing care with vets that I would feel comfortable taking my dog in the case of an emergency.
5	I noticed that most of the reviews were dog reviews so as a cat (and turtle)owner I thought I would put my two cents in. I moved here eight years ago and brought my pets to a Breed Apart at the recommendation of my sister and my mom, (owners of five cats and a dog between them), because they highly recommended them. I have to say I haven't been disappointed. They were very caring and went out of their way to make special considerations for my mom who was very elderly. In those eight years one of my moms and one of my cats became very sick and had to be put down. In my moms case they came in on a Sunday on short notice when they were closed when my moms cat was suffering with seizures and dying. They were very compassionate as if we and the cat were a member of the family. In my cats case he was young and suddenly came down with lymphoma and got very sick quickly. They, as someone else said, laid out the situation and all of my options in a kind manner but without sugar coating them which made the bad situation easier to deal with. Currently I have a 21.5 year old cat and they are very good at weighing risk vs benefit as to whether to bring her in or spare her the stress of a visit. They trust my assessment of her (as I must be doing something right)and will take time to discuss things over the phone with me as I treat her at home with meds and subcutaneous IV fluids for her mild kidney failure and arthritis. I have dealt with all three doctors as I usually just ask for the next available appointment and I have  the utmost trust in all three of them as well as their staff. Oh, and the turtle. I only had to bring one in once because I suspected pneumonia. While not specialists the doctor I saw (I forget which one) had done her homework before my appointment by consulting a specialist at UW as well as the internet refreshing herself in the latest in assessment and treatment of turtles with pneumonia. I cant say anything bad about them.
