3	like any other Starbucks but you have to wait about 30-40 minutes to get your coffee when is a event going on at the convention, location is great, I give it a 5 out of 5 but the service is slow as it can be, It's not the guys fault, they just need to put more people on the morning shift, trying to help 60+ people in line with 3 employees, it doesn't sound right. but again the staff is friendly and try their best
3	Typical Starbucks located in a casino.  Translation:  you will be enjoying that latte with a shot of second hand smoke.  Service was friendly and the seating area was pretty large.  The only reason I stopped here was because I was going on 2 hours sleep before a show at HOB.
3	Yup, it's a Starbucks.  Good coffee and very friendly service.  Would give it 31/2 stars for the personable staff. :-)
5	Some of the fastest service considering it is in a very busy hotel, even when there is a long line the service is still pretty fast for the amount of people in line. If you don't like waiting there is 2 locations inside Mandalay bay so just head to the other one.
4	Best Starbucks inside Mandalay Bay. Located between the restaurants and Convention center. They are also stocked with plenty of food and goodies, so it's a great stop for morning or afternoon, if you want something with tour coffee and tea!
3	WHY SO EXPENSIVE?!?! I know the reason why is because of the rent, but damn. I used to work at Starbucks so I know the normal prices at a Starbucks that's not located on the strip. The 3 stars is not for the service, but for the prices. The staff here was very friendly. They had a good 10 people working which was a shock to me since my store didn't have that many people working at one time. Everyone was doing something and they made my drink within a couple minutes which was pretty quick. Ordered a simple grande iced coffee, no classic, 2 pumps white mocha. Tasted like how it should have. Great service, but not so friendly prices. When you need coffee though, you need coffee. So the price doesn't really matter when you are tired! **A plus is that it's located in between the casino and the convention center so if you are headed to a meeting/convention you can easily stop by here for a drink.
2	Very slow -- even without a lot of customers -- and very disorganized. You can't pay with the Starbucks app -- they have to take your phone and key in the number by hand!
2	Fast service.... That's the only positive... I came early around 8 pm Saturday morning... Asked if they have the artisan bacon sandwich, didn't, no big deal... So i got a caramel machiatto and a chai tea latte...and a chocolate donut and cheese danish, asked the danish to be heated up.... NOW GET THIS: they said they didn't have a microwave to heat up the pastries... Ok I'm done, overpriced coffee shop that didn't even have a microwave to heat up a danish is ridiculous... And this place is in the Mandalay bay AT the strip!
2	Rude and expensive. I sent my young daughter to buy our drinks (4), as she is trying to earn her gold card. The barista was rude and didn't know the process and gave my daughter incorrect info and it wasn't until my wife saw what was happening that another barista came to assist.
1	Possibly the worst Starbucks i have ever been too..  Manager speaks over costumer and has about zero knowledge of customer service ...
1	Stayed at the Mandalay Bay for the weekend came to Starbucks 3 times and all 3 times they're was some kind of drama.  These ladies don't give a shit.  Prepare to have a coffee with a side of drama.
4	What can I say. ..a Starbucks is a Starbucks!  That is why they are so popular.  Their product is consistent.  My only complaint--and this for EVERY Starbucks in Vegas is the astronomical prices.  Their items cost almost double what their items cost any where else.  Every Starbucks I entered was completely packed, I can't imagine the price hike is necessary . . . just greedy.
1	The employees at this location are RUDE! They are so miserable. They don't even call out your name when your drink is ready. I tried to use my free birthday drink coupon and the girl got bitchy and was like "we aren't a real Starbucks so we don't take those." Well clearly... I would be disturbed if you were a "real" Starbucks.Pass this fake-ass place and go to a "real" Sbux.
3	Drinks come out slow.  Well , Im on vacation so i dont mind waiting.  It was totally slammed at 11 am on sat morning.  I waited 20 mins for my drink.  Worth the wait bc i need coffee every morning or i turn into a gremlin if i dont get it before noon.  I did get my coffee on time.  Did not turn into a gremlin.  Were already out of some pastries, but i dont need pastries i need coffee.
2	This Starbucks is pretty slow and unfriendly.  I, like someone else, tried to use a free drink that I had earned but they told me they don't do that.. Hmm however you take my money from my Starbucks card.. At least try to be emphatic about not accepting my free drink reward, don't have an attitude. Anyways, if you're craving Starbucks it'll do.
1	I've seen at least 5 workers as I wait for my order. Only 1 is making drinks. 2 are organizing receipts and the other 2 are stocking. There is only 1 person who has ordered in front of us. Been waiting 10 minutes as the other workers do other stuff. The drinks are also overpriced. I'm used to paying around $2.50 for a doppio and its $4 here. They also charge for a cup of ice.
1	This Starbucks sucks. In terms of cleanliness and quality... It's fine. Standard. But the PRICE. It costs almost as much as eating at a normal breakfast place. Also I just really needed a cup of water and got told it's $.75 for water. Awesome Starbucks. I will go down the way and eat at an actual restaurant if I am going to pay $35 for 2 breakfast sandwiches, 2 drinks and some water.
4	This Starbucks was busy when I went. There was a convention for the NFR (national finals rodeo) that weekend. It had all kinds of different customers, from convention vendor personalle/ workers because I saw badges around their necks. I ordered a hibascus, consistent in taste to other Starbucks, a little bit pricer (duh it's vegas). It was clean and there was free wifi available.
1	As far as starbucks stores go..this is lowest on service  and quality..Np longer a customer, but hear friends and coworkers always complain. .Stood in line for 14 min. .order rudely taken..and it was not close to typical SB qualtiy..poor
1	If I could give this a 0 star I would. Such a joke. Double price for coffee and breakfast wraps $9!!!! Insane. Corporate needs to know about this robbery. Over double in price for everything. Avoid at all cost. Welcome to Vegas everything costs something.
