5	I have been at this school for going on 3 years now.  The teacher is excellent and has been doing martial arts for a very long time.He brings some levity into serious training.  You feel very worked out after a class, but you enjoy the class as you take it.  Weapons training, forms, application.  The school offers a great deal and the teacher is very knowledgeable and approachable when teaching or even just popping by the school for extra practice.If you are expecting a hardcore place that has you punching bags until your knuckles bleed, this isn't the place for you.  If you are expecting a place that is 'disney-ified' then this also isnt the place for you.If you want a good teacher, with a sound foundation of skills and also has a knack for making classes both informative and enjoyable, then this place will definitely be for you.
5	9 Dragons Kung Fu is a second home for me.  When I moved back to the Valley, I examined many martial arts schools across many different martial systems before finding this school.  9 Dragons embodies positive principles that will help anyone achieve their individual goals.  Sifu and Simu Kaneen are truly some of the highest caliber instructors I could have the pleasure of training under.
5	I have always throughout my training in the martial arts, have looked upon where I train and with whom I train with  as home and family.  9 Dragons Kung Fu and the instructors and students there have not changed that view.  I have trained at many different schools over the past 40 years and have had the honor and privilege of training with some of the best Masters.  I consider Sifu and Simu Kaneen among the best and I am honored that they have brought me in to their family.I have been a student at 9 Dragons Kung Fu for going on 3 years now.  The Master instructor is of the highest caliber and has been involved in the martial arts for over 20 years.His approach to teaching is to bring his own unique personality into his unique teaching style.  You feel accomplished and thoroughly worked out after each and every session.  9 Dragons Kung Fu is not a traditional Karate or TKD school where you  strap on gear and try to beat each other silly.  It is a traditional school with the emphasis is on personal growth and development through the use of martial arts. And yes you get to hit something or someone every once in a while.If you are looking for a family like atmosphere to train in the martial arts that has good instructors, where there is a sound foundation of skills and also has ability in making your trainings times informative and enjoyable, then 9 Dragons Kung Fu should be your first and last stop.
5	After 7 months of studying Tai Chi here, I know I'm with a school that I will train with for MANY years.  Having already achieved a black belt in karate at another good school, 9 Dragons offered more Tai Chi classes every week then any other school in North Phoenix.  In addition, we had a mutual acquaintance in Master Xiao, a Shaolin Temple trained monk and Chinese medicine doctor.  You can also learn Kung Fu, Qi Gong, and Yoga here from very experienced, wonderfully kind, tremendously friendly and infinitely patient instructors.  They genuinely care and want to help you.
5	I searched a long time for somewhere to learn and practice Tai Chi and found 9 Dragons King Fu. They teach traditional Shao Lin, Wu Dang and Hong Jia Kung Fu. I was excited that they also offer Tai Chi classes. Tai Chi is low-impact but builds strength and balance and it looks cool too.  I wanted something that challenged me while getting a good workout. Mrs. Kaneen is a great instructor. She has such a positive attitude and makes sure to vary the training from time to time so it doesn't get boring.  She teaches Yang style, Chen style Tai Chi forms, sometimes self defense, mixes in some health and wellness tips, and even some weapons training. The way she teaches you makes everything seem so easy, from your hand movement, foot work to breathing techniques. The small class size is perfect. Everyone gets her personal attention.  I've been a student there for 4 years. I would highly recommend it.
