5	That shock and shiver and tingle make E-stim toys a favorite of mine... and PES is the place to go for all things, well, shocky, shivery and tingly.I went in to The Studio (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-studio-a-fetish-boutique-las-vegas#hrid:ojAmoHtEl5RnoH3yCn8m7Q) to do some shopping for other items and saw the e-stim section.Pavlov's dog has nothing on me.I immediately mentioned how much I wanted a violet wand kit (or something rather like it; there are so many choices out there!). I was hooked and wanted one of my own. I was looking around, asking questions, and found myself pleasantly surprised at the depth and breadth of knowledge that was being shared with me.Then I understood it... They make it all themselves! It's easy to hop online and find a kit on other shopping sites and such, but here, I can buy directly from the manufacturer. PES makes, markets, and sells all their own stuff! They aren't cheap, "small" kits can easily cost $500 or more. PES is no exception - this isn't a missive to declare bargain basement prices. The point is that electrical toys are intricate, delicate, and given their uses, can be dangerous in the wrong hands. The money and the care involved are huge factors here, and the fact that PES makes them, sells them, supports them, offers education, community forums (awesome involvement!), etc. is what makes them so special.Matter of fact service and information, no games, no BS at PES. Even their website is meant to guide you, inform you, and help you get the best experience you can.I'll be *zap!* Um, I mean, back.--I separated the reviews for PES and The Studio (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-studio-a-fetish-boutique-las-vegas#hrid:ojAmoHtEl5RnoH3yCn8m7Q) because of the specificity of PES and e-stim.
3	Not for the faint of heart. Mostly for those on a mission.We wouldn't have found this place if it weren't for their address number on the outside of the buidling. Their store is marked "the studio", so you better know what that means.You walk into a waiting room to be let in by staff, through a separate door.the store gal is super friendly and informative.My friends were more into the store than my husband and myself. not that we're prudes, we just aren't into the scene that much. So we were more looky-loos than anything else.They have latex clothes and other fetish wear, Magazines, a few toys. The store's pride and joy seem to be their electro-device that they've created. that takes up the meat of the store.
5	Yelp wasn't big when I started to go here but its still worth it to go back and write a great review.  Nothing like have knowledgeable staff but more importantly a great deal of equipment that will make you question your current tools but then pickup something else as well.  Always a stop for me on my way to Vegas from Oakland.
5	The woman working the story on the day my girlfriend and I went was very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Great selection of electro gear and other toys. we will be going there again the next time we're in Vegas.
