4	Menchie's is the adorable younger cousin of Yogurtland, Pinkberry, Red Mango, etc. etc. etc. Honestly, all of the cartoon characters would probably be overwhelming to a normal, working adult, but to me, they were jussssttt perfect. Just imagine me running around and squealing about the cute spoons and addorrrabbblleeee (and free!!) paper dolls that they had at the counter.Like many of the other frozen yogurt establishments, you pay per ounce. Menchie's is pricier than Yogurtland, but much more reasonable than Pinkberry or Red Mango. They have a wide selection of yogurt flavors - ranging from non-dairy, fat-free, sugar-free chocolate malt to honeydew sorbet - and an equally large and diverse selection of toppings/sauces. Really, you won't be disappointed.Personally, I was a huge fan of the sorbets - they were refreshing and surprisingly creamy enough to trick my palate into thinking they were yogurt. However, I was NOT such a big fan of the tart flavor - more salty than tart-y? It was strange. My friend was a different story though. He really, really loved the tart. You can be the judge. :)
5	Friendly staff! Clean, small and colorful place.Lots of flavors (sorbet, nonfat, low-fat, sugar-free) & toppings.Im all about the tart & fruit topping. LOVE. The fruit was fresh and they even had sliced banana that I've never seen at a froyo shop before. Sampled all the flavors and they  were all full flavor and smooth not icy feeling in mouth.Reward card! Ill be back!
4	Just discovered Menchie's. It's like budget Pinkberry. And tasty! The spoons are really cute, but they need to have a recycling area for them (I took mine home - great for picnic-type situations). The price was right for a guilt-free snack of fat free yogurt and healthy mix-ins (though you could make it as sugar-coated as you like).Edit (10/9/12): I was contacted by this location's owner with the news that they have added recycling facilities for plastic spoons and water bottles. Excellent.
5	love menchies so much! the staff are great and very helpful and knowledgeable about the yogurt. and the yogurt's delicious. smooth and creamy, not icy like some other places.
5	Best cake batter and pineapple EVER!! The employees are top notch -always a pleasure to deal with! Whenever I have a rough day at work, my husband knows Menchies will make me feel better!
5	Yogurt quality is great! I wish they had green tea flavor.
5	DON'T JUDGE ME & MY PINK SPOONMenchie's is a perfect fro-yo joint.  Friendly employees, great yogurt/sorbet and toppings.  Better yet, their yogurt is ever-evolving and the toppings are exhaustive.There are usually a dozen or so different types of fro-yo combined with sorbets available at any given time.  1/2 of the group gets switched up frequently.  I've always seen the dulce de leche.  On their website, there appears to be 100 or so flavors - many I haven't tried (read: can't wait to try).  Including "the leche", I mixed latte, salted caramel and German chocolate cake.  I haven't been disappointed with any of the flavors yet.  Their fro-yo consistently hits the spot without the unintended bitterness of some other establishment's attempts to overcome that obstacle. The toppings are glee-making.  They have brownies, whipped cream, cheesecake, cookie dough -- even better yet, popping boba, Fruity Pebbles, Cap'n Crunchberries and so forth.  It's a massive multi-compartmental container of awesome!I've been here several times.  It's always clean until I mishandle toppings in my overflowing cup.  Check out their deals.  Until the end of the day tomorrow they have a back-to-school sale of full cups, which includes waffle cones (SCORE), for $5.00.  Yes. they put their scales aside.  With the waffle cone, I was able to pile so much into the cup, I had at least a magic mountain (in real terms, it's a pint) worth of goodness!
5	Oh how I love their frozen yogurt! The self serve is a plus and you get to taste the flavors before you commit. It's a very nice afternoon treat and the service is smiley and attentive. Love all the flavors and the atmosphere. I will be back.
4	Overall it's not a bad place. It's typical self-serve froyo. I have only tasted their plain and it is good, though it melted super fast. Their selection of fruit toppings is limited in quantity and diversity but they have the basics; I'm not complaining.
3	Tip - Don't use the "Check-In Freebie" of a free ice cream cone with your frozen yogurt.  They have discontinued it and all ice cream cones are free now.  Well, by "free", I mean that you have to pay for the ice cream cone by weight, which is how these places make money.As far as the review....Meh....It was ok.A lot of the toppings looked like they had been out all day and hadn't been cleaned up.  It was ok overall.  I've been to a lot of nicer places with frozen yogurt.  I won't be going back.
5	The closest original tart you will get to YogurtLand or Pinkberry.The two yogurt places the MidWest fails to have... Was surprised they had Menchies.
