1	I am an avid Black & White shopper, I love it! I just relocated to Scottsdale from Southern California and I have been SO disappointed with the service at the Kierland Commons location. Both my mom and I have been there several times and at first I thought it was just me, but confirming with my mom,  unfortunately we have both had the same experience. The ladies we have encountered have been so unfriendly and snobby which is so unlike the experience I have had in the past with other B&W locations. It makes me not want to shop there anymore! Come on ladies, it's not Chanel, please loosen up a little!
1	I would give the customer service in this store a -100 There is always 4-5 sales associates and they are sooooo pretentious and rude.  I was the only one in the store, they never said a word to me, in fact the African American associate bumped into me putting clothes away and didn't even say she was sorry, she acted like I was the burden in the store!!  Look ladies, I have a LOT of of money, and I'm not spending a dime in your store!!!  Pathetic!!!!
5	I've shopped at WHBM for years now but I've always done it online. I can't say I'd ever stepped foot into an actual store. So you can imagine my hesitation when I read the one star bad reviews - especially coming from customers who've visited other locations and found them to be great.Well, something must have changed since last year when the last review was posted because my experience was nothing short of excellent. I got service I would expect at a designer label storefront in NYC by Audra. She was so attentive without being pushy. I was looking for a summer suit separate to take on a business trip with me and I didn't have time to have it altered (which is common for me). I was initially trying on the new items at full price but when none of them fit my petite frame very well she mentioned something on the sale rack!! It ended up being absolutely perfect in fit and style - no altering necessary!!The savings allowed me to buy more than I came for so I walked out with another jacket I can pair with jeans or with slacks for a more professional look, a dress and even some earrings. Audra's helpfulness and attentiveness were first class. I noticed the other sales rep seemed just as attentive to her customers as well. I have to wonder if the reviews and potential other complaints made it up to corporate forcing them to "clean house". WHBM is known to have very loyal clientele and this location is prime. I recommend another try if you haven't been in awhile!!
5	Another great WHBM location with excellent customer service!  I found the white pinstripe suit I had been stalking online in my size at this location and was so excited that is was on a significant sale - love that!
4	I've been shopping at whbm for awhile now but I must admit what keeps me coming in besides the killer clothes is the people who work there. Kirstin is my hero. Along with being a teacher she is a great salesperson.  Her favorite sentence is "Let me help you with that." Thanks for your help. Also the manager today really knew her stuff. Most accomodating!
