1	I will never go to this post net ever again. The male that offered to help me was a big snoot. All I needed was to make color copies and he proceded to deny service to me making it a point that my paper work was going to break down his 30,000 dollar copy machine which was absurd. He had a disgusting attitude. He Practically threw back my paper work and told me to go to office max . What a way to protect his buissiness and to help a customer.an example of a great way to put your attitude before the success of your buissiness. A big thumbs down to this location!!!!!! Went to fed ex office and they were awesome !!!!
1	Absolutely horrid customer service. To print a word doc. from USB 1 sheet of paper would cost me 5 bucks and tells me kinkos would charge the same amount to login myself and print is a absolute lie. The owner couldn't even look me in eye as he told me. I even told him if I went to kinkos and showed him the receipt he said he would ban me from the store. I'm not sure about the rest of the services, I just know ill never go back.*update* i spoke the truth i know exactly what i experienced, and i am not being unreasonable. As i told u before its your business your price, Dont tell customers lies about your competitor is my problem. I could go even in more detailed what happened that day, but ill let you save face.
3	Stopped in after a nearby Post Office could not help with the right size shipping tube.The Gentleman behind the counter seemed as though he could be a bit abrasive, but  we spoke briefly about our needs and he was able to provide us with the services we required.I did not employ any of the copy services so I can't speak to that, but I would come here again if I needed to ship something
3	I came in only to get duplicates made of my house key. The worker made 4 copies with the quickness.No complaints from me
4	New owners, new management and they were very friendly and efficient. Definitely give them a shot and pay attention to reviews going forward.
5	Awesome place and wonderful costumer service , Douglas was very helpful and nice will be back again. Unlike other places like office max which half there employees are in the back hiding and nobody to be found and don't know squat about there job. Posnet is fast and efficient keep it up guy's.
