1	They close at 5 30 and I made it there at 5:27.  I run up to the door and.... it's locked.  If you close before 5 30 than change your hours to reflect that!    Worst part is I saw someone inside, obviously not doing anything, and they didn't acknowledge me as if it is normal for people to stand bewildered in front of their store.  I knew exactly what I wanted and would have been out in a no time.  If you plan on going near close make sure to call ahead and make sure the employees aren't trying to duck out early.
5	Such a neat place. I love their globes of other planets. If they don't have it (which is doubtful) they know where to get it. Go there just for the fun looking around!
3	I had to purchase a few map books for work and this is the best location in the east valley. The reason I like this place so much is because they usually carry everything I need for our Arizona and Nevada branches. I have been coming here for years now to purchase updated maps for the valley. Each time I need something, they have it and they have it in bulk, which is greatly appreciated. A lot of people guy online now to order or use GPS so map stores are few and far between. I like being able to have a store that is local so I don't have to wait for shipping. It also nice to go through map books in person to see which works best for what I need it for. The staff is always courteous and helpful whenever I have called or gone down to make a purchase. Thanks for always carrying what we need!
1	Staff ignored me.  An older man was telling some story at the cashier and both of the employes were standing up their listening and looked right at me but refused to come over and help.  After 5 minutes of waiting I just left the store.  Their loss I guess
5	Went to buy a map for an upcoming deer hunt, was in and out fast. Good customer service and prices
1	James Willinger of Wide World of Mapstossed a 57 year old man out into the street with no money and no place to go. Now living in the back of his repair shop, Mr. willinger refuses to let him back to the house he rented for over 4 years, to retrieve any of his belongings. This includes any clothes. One more thing, Mr willingarft promised to help pay to have the electricity turned on at the shop.He never tossed in a dime. Still no electrify at the shop and its getting cold. Dont buy maps or anything form this map monster. I have lots of other stories to tell shocking....James L. Willinger.. B a d man. More to come!!
