1	If I could give zero stars I would. We ordered 4 pizzas and were told it would be 45-60 minutes. At one hour we called and were told 10 more minutes. At an hour and a half we called and were told any minute now. At 2 hours we called again and they called the driver, who arrived about 10 minutes later. It wouldn't have mattered if we had gotten "pizza". Instead we got something that made us all sick. The buffalo chicken pizza had no buffalo sauce on it - in fact no sauce at all. Order from another pizza place, unless you like chewy dough and salt.
1	They called to say my pizza would be later than the 45 minutes they originally advised.  I'm okay with that except my pizza arrived cold.  Microwaved pizza just isn't good.  Especially when 1 pizza is $25.  Not worth the price by any stretch I'd recommend a chain over them sadly. At least your bad pizza would be cheap that way.
1	Ordered a suprime pizza and a half pound hamburger. The pizza hardly had any toppings and no sauce and was cold when it got here. The hamburger was not even close to being a half pound. It was a cold patty and lettuce that's it...
1	I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible. Called in to order and was told it'd arrive within 45 mins. 2 he's passed and we didn't receive anything. Guy on the phone had the audacity to tell us delivery man was downstairs at our hotel and due to "hotel policies" he couldn't come up to our room they could only do one at a time. So I went downstairs and surprise surprise...no delivery guy was there I asked concierge and they didn't know of any delivery guy "waiting" to deliver. So I called again to cancel and the guy on the phone RUDELY said "okay but if you don't leave a note we will charge your room" DONT BELIEVE THEM! They can't do that!
1	If it was possible it would definitely be ZERO stars. I'm so very surprised this restaurant is still in business. I ordered 2 chicken Cesar Salads. I understand this is Vegas & this is a pizza place but come on! How hard is it to make a Cesar? Romaine, chicken (usually grilled), parmesan shavings and that's about it. Instead I got a styrofoam container of ice berg letter with cut up old chicken strips & a pound of croutons. A fast food joint could have done better.  Fast food joints DO better. When I called the location to ask them what exactly it was they sent me, I got horrible customer service. If the fiasco of a meal wasn't bad enough we can add the delivery driver they sent. He didn't look old enough to drive, didn't have a pen and seemed to have a hard time understand basic English. $21.00 ($24.50 including tip) for absolutely nothing. I think not. Save yourself money and aggravation and totally avoid this place. Absolutely disgusting.
