4	Pros: best facilities around, very clean, saunas smell great, lots of staff, amazing relaxation rooms, cheap last minute massages, beautifully decorated in winterCons: not a lot of parking, expensive, crowded on holidays and weekends, music annoying at timesOverall this is the best spa that I have been to. The place is great, clean and relaxing.  The place is best (and cheaper) on non holiday weekdays.  I usually go at night.  The lockers are free. No shampoo in showers, but there is soap. The locker rooms are small but very clean and accessible. Massages are quite expensive. I recommend not reserving one and instead trying to grab a last minute, $25/$50 for 30/60 minute, massage.  Same goes for $40 hour facials.  The massage therapists are very experienced, young, strong, and listen to your needs.  Reccomended!
4	Read Jacob's review below, and pretend I said all that. He summarizes Le Finlandais perfectly. Many people have tried to leave me speechless in the past, and Jacob S. succeeds. So I'll just tip my hat and post this to support his view - almost entirely. (I don't think it's as expensive as he implies - but then again, I go during the $25 times.) The discounted massages are definitely worthwhile. I'll be back.
4	Been there 3 times. It's the only place I went so I can't compare. Overall I like the place, clean, the spa is very nice. I like the fact that the lockers are provided. There is a little cafeteria, food is expensive (7$ for a sandwich only) but the choice is interesting. You can have salads, cheese & wine, wraps and amazing desserts. What I don't l like: small parking lots, and the fact that you can't talk at all. They will show up with a sign saying "Keep quiet" . We were a group of 9 people for a special occasion and we were not loud.It is expensive (around $40) but after 6 pm you get a 10$ discount.
2	I haven't been at Le Finlandais in well over a decade, however, a last minute decision prompted us to attempt a spa experience without needing to drive too far from Montreal. There are many reasons why we haven't come back to this spa but since we've heard about how recent renovations made this place "so much better" curiosity finally got the best of us... and we paid the price for it... literally.THE GOOD- The place is visually appealing : If you're here early enough to experience the site with very few present people. Everything looks really esthetically nice with a beautiful forest and river to look at only a few steps away. I personally liked the docks and the seats near the forest and spent some time there. Since it was nearly October, the staff decorated the place with what seemed like a hundred pumpkins. It was all very pretty.THE MEH- The massage experience : As a massage lover, I tend to get a massage about once a month or so and already have my established spots to go to. However, I'm always open to new experiences so if you like a very light massage with very little effect to your body, Le Finlandais is the place to go. Furthermore, a 60 minute massage costs you $99. If you want a "deep massage" it's $105. Really?? Forget the fact that this pricing is simply not competitive with so many other fine places you can visit in the area. Forget the fact that only the 60 minute option is available.... but to charge... $6 more to get a deep massage? Ridiculous.Sure, as mentioned by other Yelpers, you can most likely wait and opt for a special opening during the day to get a cheap massage but let's be honest with ourselves, I want a turn-key, stress free experience when going to the spa and not have to check-in every so often to see if a spot opened up during the day. The last thing this place needs is even more foot traffic. There's already plenty of it.- The lockers seem to have a new RFID bracelet system that looks cool but can be somewhat problematic. As luck would have it, my first bracelet simply didn't work on my locker... perhaps it was broken or perhaps it's because it's been marked wrong as they use a marker that easily goes away during your spa experience and needs to be re-written per client visit. Odds are, the 1st bracelet I got had this issue. So make sure you remember your locker number because the number will vanish quickly.- There's been a few additions during the years, including a new Russian section (covered more in detail in Ugly) and some new bubble seats that seem to float on the warm baths. Let's talk about these bubbles. Overall, it's a nice experience despite the bubbles being a bit too close for comfort. My major issue is that even in 10 degree weather I got cold simply because the bubble is floating a bit too much. Most of my legs and my butt were comfortable but my upper body and my knees?? were actually cold. If the bubble was deeper into the water the experience could be far more enjoyable.- The staff is very present, in fact so much so they seriously add to the "busiest spa ever" experience. They seem really good at what they do, they are present and I saw them repeatedly tell people in the pools to... SHUT UP! Then I caught staff chilling out and chatting it up themselves when they weren't busy for minutes on end.THE UGLY- If you like seeing lots of people in swimsuits then you'll be in luck! If you want to feel a more traditional spa experience then avoid this place! It can truly be a fashion show with as much foot traffic as St-Catherine street trying to find chairs and especially hot bath space. The waiting room to get a massage is almost a claustrophobic experience with a long line-up of massage therapists waiting their turn to call their client while patrons wait in a small communal room. - The place isn't completely quiet as you'll always hear people talking... particularly at the hot baths. Seriously people, SHUT UP! This truly broke my spa immersion. People can always hear you even when you're walking around mumbling to each other. It sounds like MUUUMUMMMUMUUUMMUMMMUM! Annoying. The whole place sounds like a "hushed" library than a "spa experience".- So how busy is it? Well, so busy there's a line-up to attempt use the new Russian sauna. That's right. A line-up! As if I'm at La Ronde! I checked it later when it didn't have one but how awkward it was trying to quietly slip between people to your small wet seat. ICH!!!- Do come here with your own personal robe and water bottles or be prepared to pay the price. We brought our water bottles but I didn't bring my robe since we have been lavishly spoiled and pampered at other spa places that always provided them you them free of cost. A single robe rental here is an expensive $9. I could understand a few bucks but almost a Sir John A. Macdonald dollar bill? Outright thievery!!!
