4	Heidi's is a small deli tucked into a nondescript strip mall near the Henderson Valley Automall. I resisted going to this place because it didn't have the reputation of say, an Oldtyme Deli, or Weiss's, but after one of their offerings given to me by a coworker, I'm hooked.  I have only had a couple of their sandwiches, but judging by the freshness of the bread and the quality of the ingredients, there's no reason anyone should overlook this place for a great New York style deli, unless they can't find it.
5	Good sandwiches.  Busy around 12.
5	Best lunch deal in town!!! Half Sandwich (largest half sandwich I've seen), potato salad (handmade), choc chip cookie, pickle and a refillable drink all for $5... This meal could easily be priced at 8 bucks and they wouldn't lose business. The choice of fresh baked breads and menu items are numerous. A different meal for each work day of the month and then some.
5	The $5 lunch deal is a lot of awesome food - why would anyone go to the Subway next door?  Because of the popularity of the lunch deal, they're usually super busy during lunch hours.  No matter how long you have to wait though, you'll always get friendly service.All of their breads are freshly made and you can't go wrong with any of them.  I've tried the wheat, ciabatta and sour dough and they're all really good.My co-workers and I go there about once a week and we all love the Hell's Kitchen, Chicken Salad, Tuna Salad and of course the Turkey sandwiches, so I'd definitely recommend any of those.
5	This is my new go-to place for a quick and healthy lunch. As soon as you walk in the door, you're blasted with the awesome aroma of freshly baked bread, which tastes AMAZING! They have this awesome deal called the Heidi's Special which includes 1/2 a sandwich, a side (chips, cole slaw, or potato salad), a cookie, AND a drink for only $5!! It can't get any better than that! And you definitely can't get that deal at Subways. And the 1/2 sandwich is more than enough to fill you up. So next time you're looking for somewhere new to try for lunch or dinner, give Heidi's a shot! You won't be disappointed.
5	By far the best deli in town!! They have the best deals!!! You can get a half sandwich your choice of side of potato chips,cole slaw or potato,pickle,cookie and medium drink for $5. I recommend stopping by before or after the 12pm lunch rush because the place gets really packed and on some days they can sell out by 3pm.
4	Good food, ok service, great lunch special! Best $5 lunch in the area.Yesterday I had the French dip on the hoagie, with onions, peppers, and provolone. All the bread is made in house and is AMAZING! The Hell's kitchen sauce is to die for. Enjoy :)
4	Popped in for our lunch break. They have an awesome lunch special...$5 for a half sandwich, drink, cookie, and your choice of a side (potato salad, coleslaw or chips).I was ravenous driving over and debated whether or not a half sandwich would cut it.  HOLY MOLY! This is the biggest half sandwich you will ever see.  This lunch special is truly a smoking deal!I got a delicious sandwich called the new yorker: salami, cappicolla, provolone, avocado, lettuce and zesty cajun spread.  I chose an Italian hoagie for my bread.  The bread is baked fresh daily onsite.  You can choose from pumpernickel, sourdough, white, french hoagie, italian hoagie and so on.  It was fluffly and chewy, and fresh and awesome!  The meat was piled high.  Nothing skimpy about htis sandwich.  Really really good sandwich.  The cookie was chewy and delicious too.The coleslaw sucks.  No thank you. We've already planned on going next week to try a new sandwich or wrap from the big menu.  There was quite a line when we arrived but they have lots of staff to move it pretty quickly!
4	I was enthusiastic to try this deli because of the positive reviews, but one in particular made me nervous. I hate reading a review that has slammed a place because it makes me reconsider trying them in the first place. Me and my husband stopped here on the way  to run some errands. We had a great experience. It is clean and neat, with clear signs to help you order and a staff that is quick to acknowledge you and offer assistance. We enjoyed their personality. That gets a star. "But the breads all taste like shit and are extremely doughy to the point of almost being wet, the meat is about as low-quality as I've ever tasted (think that $0.99 cent stuff you can pick up at the supermarket" What? I mustn't have eaten the same sandwich. Okay, the meat might not be Boar's Head quality, but it's fresh and tasty. I would buy that meat at my supermarket if I were making my own sandwich. Good enough for me. And the bread... I like mine soft, not a baguette. It sure wasn't doughy or wet. Neither was my husbands. It was FRESH. The quality, though not 5 star or world class, is something I might use in my own home and this gets another star. "Your side is a choice of a ramekin of either mac salad or potato salad or a bag chips - a super-small bag of regular Lays, regular Lays, or regular Lays." Um yeah. SO WHAT? Comparing them to Subway isn't fair here. Subway doesn't have potato salad, macaroni salad, or sliced pickles. They have chips. And I rather enjoyed the fact I didn't have to eat chips with my sandwich. I chose the potato salad. And it ROCKED. And for $5 my husband got chips AND a cookie. Their selection gets another star in my opinion. Bigger selection of meats, breads, cheeses, sandwiches, soups, breakfast sammys, etc. than subway. Let the chip thing slide. "And why the hell can't I easily see the condiments available to be placed on the sandwich over the plexi-glass counter??? " Know whats funny? I've been to capriottis. They have rave reviews. Can you see over the counter? No. "The only thing healthy to get is a turkey or roast beef or something like that with mustard.  At least at Subway I can get a buffalo chicken sandwich or something like that with my choice of chips." Not really true here. Subway's bread is dried out and they aren't really THAT healthy. Their meat sucks. I had the New Yorker and it tasted BETTER than a buffalo chicken sandwich. And why are you so health conscious when you proclaim to need a selection of chips? No chips are healthy. Sorry. Heidi's doesn't fail. It rocks.
4	One day a co worker came into my office and asked if I wanted half of his sandwich.I asked him what it was he said egg salad with a kick . For the record I am a bit of a snob when it comes to sandwich salads and egg salad is one I am most critical of! I was hungry so I took it That was six months ago and the beginning of my love affair with the Hells Kitchen. Spicy Meets Creamy with avacado to balance the flavors out with a crispy bacon crunch  to stimulate the palate. Have it on Marble Rye made fresh daily and you have a unique sandwich experience For 5 bucks you get a made fresh sandwich your choice of sides ,pickle home baked cookie and a drink!Thanks Hedi for adding 5 lbs for 5 bucks!
3	Extremely fresh and good quality. The bread is baked on location and is a nice change from what you usually encounter in delis in the southwest. The service was fast and the portions were large.
2	I just didn't like it.  I ordered a wrap.  It was pretty bland, and the meat wasn't very high in quality... not that I expected for it to be all that great, but come on.  Worst of all, I ordered soup on the side.  The guy put the little bowl on the plate with my wrap and proceeded to spill soup all over the plate.  My wrap was all soggy (like, soaked... he missed the bowl and poured a whole ladle of soup on it), but he refused to make me a new one.  He said, "oh, it will be fine" and acted like I was being fussy.  Whatever.  I just won't go back.
3	alright I loooove heidi's BUT the service at this location suuuuuuuucks. I went during lunch time and it was really busy so I understand that the guys working there are moving fast on orders however the guy that made mine just completely sucked. he was really sweaty haha...I asked for a turkey and he said "tuna?" and I corrected him and said no I want turkey...what did I get? I got tuna haha. It was still good but it's not what I wanted. and before I even had the chance to correct what he made me he already called the next customer over...I didn't even have a real chance to walk away. but ehhhh whatever the sandwich was still good and I don't want to be that one bitch who holds everyone up so I didn't make a deal out of it especially since the place was packed.
5	Great service. AMAZING sandwiches. My personal favorite: the spicy avocado turkey= soo sooooo good. Also, great $5 special- 1/2 sandwich, pickle, potato salad, cookie, and a drink. I just went to this place a few weeks ago for the first time, and now I'm hooked!
5	This is one of my very favorite lunch spots. A bit hard to find, but worth it. Soup in a breadbowl is EXCELLENT. Try the cajun turkey with avacado. For a treat, add bacon! Actually theres not much i dont like on the menu.
5	Always quality and fresh. I've even come in to buy french bread for spagetti at my house. The white bread is buttery and the egg salad....TO DIE FOR!
3	After craving a french dip sandwich, we consulted Yelp. Good stuff. Feels like a go in, order and eat lunch, and leave. Nothing special, just food and a place to eat it. Clean, good service, and a menu with lots of variety
