5	This is easily my favorite store in Vegas.  Gorgeous masks, dolls and other glasswork from Venice.  You could easily spend a small fortune here if you're not careful.  Next trip, I am giving into the urge to splurge!
4	I would have awarded 5 stars, but they have a serious issue with my (anyone)  taking photos.  Really?  I got a bunch anyway by working the windows, shooting inbetween the mask/costume adorned windows.  Why do they care?  It's a great selling point to encourage others to come see their store, but they discourage that kind of thing (picture taking).  Anyway, the masks are amazing, as are the costumes.  I understand they have more than that in this store, but I always get caught up in the masks and costumes.........they're so beautiful and ornate.  I always think of Phantom of the Opera when I walk in here........and yes, this store was here before Phantom opened at The Venetian.
5	Wow, it certainly took me long enough to figure out the name! I love this place. There are so many different types of masks and decor. I ended up picking out a little purple ceramic mask for my friend to hang on her Christmas tree. She was thrilled, and I will be going back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Located within the Venetian, Il Prato is a small, high end shop, that specializes in producing hand made carnival masks, fitting of the casinos overall theme of everything Venice. Not only does Il Prato, have all sorts of beautiful masks for sale, they are also available in all sorts of shapes, sizes, and colors. Il Prato's masks are so beautiful in fact, that as a passer by, it is quite hard to pass this shop by and not give them a look.However, being the high end shop that it is, in the hotel it is in, in the city it is in, Il Prato is anything but cheap. If you are serious about buying a mask from here, you better have some serious cash on you. It should also be said that the shop does not look happily on people taking pictures of any sort within their shop as can be seen by the numerous signs saying so. All in all, if you are in Vegas and find yourself walking through the Venetian, Il Prato is a nice place to browse for that perfect souvenir. Just be ready to pay the hefty price tag!
5	I absolutely love these dolls and venetian masks. If you go to their website you can see their selection. If you contact them then they can ship an item to your home. http://www.ilpratousa.com/contact.htmlTheir store in Las Vegas is called The Art Of Venice
