5	Word of mouth brought me to Skinovative. The professional staff and thorough interview to identify my needs convinced me that this was the place for me. I have been to other 'day spas', and a certain skin care franchise that left me dissatisfied. From the welcoming reception area, to the friendly staff and professional care... Skinovative impresses!Other businesses will rush you out the door to herd the next client in... not here, you are given time to ensure your questions are answered, your after care instructions are verbalized and you are given time to ensure you understand... instead of a hastily grabbed sheet of paper shoved at you as you are herded out. No more franchise skin care for me! Dr. Fulton's Skinovative office is my choice from now on!You will not be disappointed.!
5	"I go to Center for Venous Disease in Gilbert, For Venous Disease. From the first visit Dr. Fulton and the staff made me feel at home, everybody was very professional and friendly. Dr. Fulton and Karena work very well together to attend mine and other patient's needs during the procedures. They make me enjoy my visit although very professional they like to joke around and have fun, bring levity to the situation. All in all I think Center for Venous Disease is one of the best specialist places I have been to. I would recommend it to anyone with venous disease veins."
2	went here to talk to doctor about varicose veins in legs. Recommended by my Primary Care physician.  The receptionist is friendly, but after handing in the forms, I can overhear her and another lady talking about how you could tell from the forms that I was new, and they won't take my insurance.  The receptionist finally comes out and tells me they won't take my insurance, but the doctor can still do the evaluation, then I would have to see someone else.  I get taken to a small room to see the doctor, and he barely looks at my legs.  Tells me to go to wal-mart and get some compression stockings, that it will help with whoever I go see later.Overall, felt a little rushed around for nothing.  The receptionist should have asked when booking the appointment what insurance I had, and next time, I know to ask as well.Their website says they will help with your insurance, but I guess that is not really true.  "We're in Network on most major plans. " not really.......
