4	i'll admit it, i like urban outfitters. what i like even more is not having to drive to scottsdale or tempe to shop there.the one at cityscape is new and nice, and they have a lot of products. they have an awesome selection of misc items that keeps me in the store for about an hour. lots of cool little odds and ends. you can find a sweet gift for anyone in here, and it doesn't even have to be clothing. yes, they're a little expensive. but if you have the money to spend, it's worth it. lots of hip wear for your urban afficiando.  staff was friendly and helpful. one of the few shopping places that's already open at cityscape offering affordable post modern wear; i dig it.
4	Love the new City Scape UO! love the fact that I don't have to drive to tempe or scottsdale for it!  Associates were really nice, were a great help and gave me space.  You know how some stores you go into, and the associates act so desperate to make a sale, so they're constantly on you about items!  Not here, customer service was great.The only thing this UO needed was the APT decor section, :( that would have totally made it a 5*'er
2	I love Urban Outfitters, but this is probably the worst one I've been to.I get that it's new and that there isn't a lot of business, but for the love of God... there needs to be a sales section.Urban, for me, has always been the place where I go to buy nice clothing for special occasions, or to hit the sales racks when I am feeling like some new tops or dresses. I rarely ever will pay full price for anything there.Honestly, most of their clothing is cute, but all of it is overpriced at full retail. And considering the City Scape's location has nearly nothing discounted, I have ceased to shop there.Downtown Phoenix is growing, and that's awesome--but they wonder why the higher-end businesses don't do as well. The business and arts district are filled with students and young professionals who don't have a ton of money to spend on clothes.Also, the staff kind of just gave you blank stares as you walked in. Not the friendliest of shops I've been to.
4	This is a really awesome UO!The store is clean, well-stocked, and huge. The staff was really helpful and friendly, the sale section had some awesome deals ($50 button-up shirt for $20...just saying), and I love the little books and toys.I think once City Scape gets filled out a little more it will be a great place to go on a regular basis since its right near the light rail.
4	The Urban Outfitters downtown is much smaller than most of the others I have been in, otherwise it is just like all the others.  It's a nice addition to Downtown Phoenix though.  The center area by the register is my favorite spot in Urban Outfitters, a place filled with silly stuff, great for gifts and many of them making you chuckle.  Think Jesus action figure.  :)  What I particularly noticed was an entire wall of old school camera and film, like the Diana and  film that had funny names that I have never heard-- You know Hipstamatic iPhone app- it's the camera and film that really did some of those settings.  Very cool!!If you work in the area, I suggest stopping in to break up your long work day and have a good laugh, the book section is hysterical!
4	Urban Outfitters is a nice addition to downtown Phoenix's CityScape. Serving up the hippest clothes, books, houseware, etc, it is a mecca for all things cool! Sadly it will probably end up putting all the surrounding boutique clothing stores out of business over time, but that's just the risk you take as a business owner.This particular UO has great customer service! Everybody seems very happy and eager to help, and it also has a really large men's section! My only beef is that they don't carry many higher end brands... and I get it, it's not really the right demographic for it... Maybe once Phoenix builds itself up a bit more...
4	Urban Outfitters are the same everywhere you go. They've got everything funky imaginable. Looking for a funny book to give to a friend? Searching for a birthday gag gift? Need some clothing from every random trend around? How about some funky furniture and decor? Urban's got it all. But this Urban is also incredibly neat and organized. I've never been in one where everything is perfectly folded and put in its place. This might be a bad sign for the location since that could also mean nobody is shopping here, but I hope that's not the case. I think Urban Outfitters is a nice addition to Downtown and I hope it sticks around.
4	I love Bohemian type of fashion. They're my type :)Urban Outfitters is amazing when it comes to delivering all the fashions I ask for.  What I bought:All-Seeing Eye Necklace($30) Description: Very ancient looking, green gem.Jeffrey Campbell Americana T-Strap Heel($150) Description: Like American flag but shoe version. PJ By Peter Jensen Knit Jacket($70) Description: Blue, cozy
4	This is your typical Urban Outfitters for the most part, just a little on the small side. The store is staffed with people you'd probably try to have sex with. They just don't look like they'd enjoy it.
5	I highly approve of CityScape putting an Urban Outfitters in downtown. It caters to all the 20-somethings, like myself, who don't always want to drive to Tempe or Fashion Square for their shopping needs.It's a 2-level store with the clearance stuff all located upstairs. That's usually my first stop. I found a great  throw pillow there for $5, plus numerous $5 shirts or $20 button downs for my hubby. It's one of our favorite places to shop.  Nice and friendly employees and ample dressing room space, also located upstairs. Things can be pricey, but it's something to expect at all UO stores.They validate your parking, so don't forget to ask!
4	Sometimes when I have time between work and school I like to stop in here. Peruse the sales and then head upstairs to the clearance items. I usually find a thing or two that I like and at a good price to boot. I love the style clothing they carry. I love the location. I hate the parking garage. Oh well. The employees are super nice and helpful. Always ask if they can start a room for me when I am carying a few items around the store. Its all very nice. I am really glad they put an Urban Outfitters downtown. Its nice to be able to shop downtown phoenix again. Go CityScape! Now all we need is a Nordtrom and it would be gravy!Happy Shopping!Xo,Reesie
4	Urban outfitters yay for phx having one downtown, great sale sections and cool little tickets. Moderate prices
5	I am a huge fan of Urban Outfitters clothing in general. They sometimes have questionable business practices and can be quite culturally insensitive, but purely based on clothing, I love them.With regard to this location, I felt compelled to write about their great customer service. Every time I have gone in here, I have felt very welcomed and supported in my purchases and returns. And I am not an easy customer. I shop online a lot and am always returning/exchanging items. But they are always so helpful and nice, I just love them. This is very unlike the Scottsdale Urban Outfitters experience where it seems like they want nothing to do with you and are too cool for school. This location, though, 5 stars for service. Thanks, guys!!
4	I love their socks. Like, totally completely would get married to their sock selection. As  work for a rather conservative bank, and my standard work wardrobe is equally reserved, it's always a pleasure to spice things up with funky socks and sexy underwear. True, if I ever reveal the latter I'd probably get canned, but still I know they're there.As for the rest of the clothes, they are a bit on the pricey side. But the clothing does seem to be geared toward people my size, so I can't go hating. I can usually find something bacon related and picked up a Dirty Sign Language book so I can tell my deafies across the dance floor that I have sloppy flatulence.
2	Found a pair of jeans in the sale rack marked $3. I go to purchase and am told that they made a mistake, "oh this is a return from another store. We can't sell them at that price. The sale price is only at that store. If you would like to purchase them it will be $59" So I ask, "Is this a mistake by your employee?" "Yes. The sale is at the other store.""Well what can you do for me since this is your mistake?""I can sell it to you for the regular price."Needless to say, I didn't buy the jeans. The funny thing is that they are currently running a $20 off all jeans sale, but the signs must have been for another store!
4	This is probably the first none eatery review. The staff here are amazing and I liked how neat and organized the store was.
1	The worse customer service I've experienced in Downtown Phoenix. I'm talking zero acknowledgement any customers in the store even existed, followed by severe attitude at the counter with a bonus eye roll. If you're into this place you're better off making a drive to one of their other stores.
