1	Hands down the worst Las Vegas Resort pool I have ever experienced.  It's right next to a parking garage for starters, the mirrored City Center buildings act like a magnifying glass with the sun onto you while you are laying out, and finally it's built in the middle of a wind tunnel so hang on your your towels, magazines, books, drinks, beach chairs, and small children because they will all blow away.
2	The pool is pretty small and nothing too extravagant. The sun hits the windows on the side of the hotel causing so called "death ray" it is super freaking hot and just standing in it for a few minutes was hot as hell. This pool seems more for laid back crowds that like to relax. If you are looking to party i would suggest another pool. We saw some people get some food here and it looked really good, don't know if I will be around this pool to try the food, but the sliders looked amazing.
5	Lovely pool. Very quiet and peaceful. Ideal for business travellers!
4	Spring Break - can't remember the year... but this was when it felt like hardly anyone was staying at the Vdara.  I loved it b/c the pool was not crowded w/ people everywhere.  The pool is beautiful & the service was great.  I felt like I was sunbathing in my own backyard, drinking & listening to okay music.  Since I had a view of the pool from the room, it gave me the heads up if it was crowded or not.  VERY RELAXING & felt PRIVATE since there was less than what seemed like 10-20 guests spread out.
4	This is a pool. Not a club. Not a party. Which is a plus in my book when you just want to escape from everything. Plenty of chairs, hella umbrellas, and the pool is warm. BIG UPS TO THE BLACKBERRY MOJITO DRINK. Freaking derricious.
1	Death ray!When the sun is out and about, it feels like you're in a magnifying glass.This pool is small and there's no diving boards, lazy rivers, or slides.There is a bar there, and cabanas are available for a cost.If you're a guest here, lounge in the pool or get a tan.If you're an outsider, I suggest finding another pool.
3	Visited Easter weekend. It is a family pool. The music was a mix of top 40 and 80's.  There is no food or drink service. If you want anything to eat or drink you must take the elevator down to the lobby. The lobby has a bar and a cafe. To buy an alcohol  drink at the bar you must wear shoes and a shirt. The cafe's line is long because the 1 line is mixed with customers ordering sandwhiches and others just wanting to pay for an item from their refrigerators. They need 2 lines. After you've paid for your goodies, it's back up the elevators to the 3rd floor and through 2 sets of double doors pass the security guard (show him your room card), through the maze of lounge chairs to your seats. Hopefully, you didn't forget anything.
2	Uhh..I expected so much better. We stayed at the Vdara for two nights for a trade show and in the morning I just couldn't wait to go to the lounge and have a good breakfast. Then disappointment hit me in the face...smoothies were terrible. I ordered a yoghurt parfait and it came out with an old yoghurt which was bitter due to the reason that it went bad! I sent it back and refused to eat it but the server still wanted to claim that this type of yoghurt had to be bitter as hell. I've eaten all the types of yoghurt on the world even in Greece and please do not tell me that because it was Greek yoghurt it was bitter. The rest of the orders were horrible too and they made us wait 20 minutes for our check because they had to wait for the manager to cancel my rotten yoghurt order. During the day next to the pool, all the cocktail waitresses are ignorant and you can;t get a drink for like 20 minutes. Vdara rooms YES, Vdara pool lounge NO
5	I guess my experience was completely different than most as I rented a Cabana. I do have to say the pool closes at 7pm, which seems very early, but I cannot remember how the time compares to the other pools I have been to on the strip.We rented a Cabana on a Saturday for $200 (18% gratuity added after check-out). [Prices vary depending on day and time of the year] You get the Cabana from 10am to close (at 7pm). The Cabana came with water, coke, fruits, snacks, misters, tv, media hub, pool floats and a safe. All included in the price. Our server was PHENOMENAL. When he first showed us around our cabana, he said, "I will check on you every 15 minutes" and he was NOT lying. Always there, taking our drink orders, which they had plenty to choose from. The food came in a good amount of time, with plenty of food options to choose from for a range of appetites and budgets. Note: our friends went to the pool the day before, without a Cabana and mentioned the food took WAY longer for them (and it was chips and salsa). My favorite part about the Cabana is that 2 out of the 3 Cabana sections have private pools in which a row of Cabanas shares. If you're plan is to relax by the pool all day, you might as well fork over the money, especially since the Cabana has a max of 8 people, so potential to pay $25pp. (again prices vary). Although, I would say to heed caution in ordering, it's VERY easy to spend a LOT of money. QUICK TIP: the Cabana's are first come, first serve and the Vdara gives you a window to check-in from 10am-12pm. I highly advise getting there early to pick your spot!
4	I had a FABULOUS TIME! I rented a cabana too (which were very decently priced) and it was definitely worth it. My server Tim was so accomodating and kind - LOVE him. The food at the pool was SO good. I had the shrimp lettuce wraps. WOW. the quesadilla? WOW. The fish tacos - some of the best I have ever tasted. Good mix of music, clean pool, friendly staff. I will definitely stay here again.
3	Staying at Vdara for a couple days gave us a good chance to use the pool a couple times. We considered getting a cabana or day bed the first day, but had no problem finding pool chairs under one of the many umbrellas. Unless you are a large group, you probably don't need a cabana here. The day beds weren't much different than the chairs except softer.Pool service was fantastic. Towels and tap water are available for free, but you can also order drinks and food to be brought to you. It was impressive how the waitresses found people for their drinks even when they were in the pool.We tried a Build-Your-Own-Burger with Blue Cheese & Bacon and an order of the Chicken Tenders. Both come with Fries or Onion Rings, so, we got one of each. The Onion Rings were the better of the two sides, however, the fries were a-ok. The Chicken Tenders were thick & huge thanks to a heavy bread exterior that totally overwhelmed the white meat inside. Thanks to a side of Ranch Dressing, the chicken strips were edible. The burger was pretty standard except for the better than expected Blue Cheese which helped offset a slightly dry Beef patty. For drinks, we stuck to beers to match the chill out atmosphere.The crowd at the Vdara Pool was older than many pools in Vegas which is probably a reflection of the quieter crowd at the hotel. People were friendly, but this was a good pool to simply escape the casino chaos of Vegas for a few hours.
3	Pool is alright but there are a few cons, since it's a family pool you have to deal with people's kids splashing around and being obnoxious. Also if you come when the sun is out you will get fried because the sun is reflecting off the surrounding glass buildings making it insanely hot. No one tends to your drink order unless your in one of the few cabanas (maybe this is just a Vegas thing but at other resorts thats never happened to me.).I suppose the one pro is that you don't get stuffed into the pool like sardines the way you would at some of the more popular pools, and you can sit in whatever chair you like for free. Good way to relax and recharge in between those crazy Vegas nights :)
2	We got there...we were impressed.  It was nice, decent crowd.  We found some chairs....put some protection on....then waited for drinks...waited......waited.......waited......thought about walking up.....waited.....waited....waited....finally got our order in....waited....waited...waited...lol...ya..we got 1 round of drinks in.I guess @ Mandalay Bay + Moorea Beach Club we got spoiled.learned about the VDARA pool death ray a day before I checked in...Funny bellhop guy confirmed it.  Honestly the way the guy was confirmed it so nonchalantly....I wanted to go even more.  Ya it was hot, that sun really can do some damage...but just get some screen...stay in the shade...dont be in the sun super long.  Go to a Fn pool party if you want rays all day
2	Totally not worth the ridiculous price to hang out in a relatively small area and get sun burnt. Three words: VDARA death ray.  Enough said.
3	First the bad:* The first day we were there the hot tub was more like a tepid tub.  There was no heat in it at all.  The pool was warmer than it.* We smuggled in some contraband beverages to avoid paying for the overpriced and watered down drinks at the pool bar.  The bartender was so extremely slow in getting drinks, you would have thought the bar was packed instead of having only 2-3 people at it.* Due to the placement of the pool and the surrounding buildings with mirrored glass exteriors, you could definitely feel some intense heat coming from the sun.  Fortunately for us, we were there for Halloween so the summer heat was not there to scorch our flesh.* The pool shut down at 5pm!! What kind of Vegas hotel are you???The good:* There was a lot of seating and places to congregate with family and friends while sipping on the cocktails.* The towels were quite luxurious and absorbent.* The hot tub was fixed by the second day and it was great in helping to nurse the massive hangover I had somehow acquired the night/early morning before.
2	Small pool that was incredibly windy.  At first the staff was very helpful in locating a place for my friend and me to relax.  We even got lucky and scored the cushy lounge chair beds.  Unfortunately, things went downhill with the food.  We ordered salmon sliders, nachos and a fruit cup with berry lemonade and a coke.  The 2 sliders were way too fishy tasting (normally I love salmon) and the onion rings that came with them were pretty greasy.  We only ate 1 slider... couldn't stomach the 2nd.  The fruit cup was way too small for the price and was mostly filled with cheap melon.  The nachos were good... a little spicy and big enough to share. Our bill... $50.  Plus tip... $60.  Not kidding.    Immediately, I realized the lemonade was way too sweet for me so I ask for some water to dilute it a little.  It never showed up.  Finally, we took it to the bar ourselves and exchanged it for a coke.  I guess our waitress had her $10 tip already so she didn't stop by again.    The wind also blew us away... almost literally.  It knocked the umbrellas over and the staff had to run around and put them all down.  I won't be staying at the Vdara again after such a junky pool experience.  There are too many other options in Vegas!Won't see ya there!
5	- free valet- friendly front desk/ check in staff.       - my boyfriend & I, decided to take a spontaneous 1 day trip to vegas, for our anniversary.       - the girl who checked us in was very helpful, and accommodating.       - we were able to check in early.       - she even was able to get us a late check out (3PM).- the room: fountain view vdara suite     - HUGE view of the belligio fountains     - the room it self was big      - automatic black out blinds      - included: kitchen, sink, stove, convection oven/microwave, refrigerator            - which was great for our left over White Pie Pizza from the night before.  - taxi rides were at most $14 from this location. - located in the City Center, which meant we basically walked everywhere.   - pool: was very relaxing.     - since it doesn't have a crazy party scene, the pool was perfect for relaxing under the desert heat. ***importantly, we loved how you needed to slide/show your room key everywhere you went.     - to use the elevators - the elevator guy asked everyone for their room key    - the pool - guest only
3	Bachelor party in Vegas?! Sounds fantastic except when you're outside mid-day in mid-July. A few of us didn't feel like going in the water so we sat at the bar throwing back some cold ones. The bar is on the small side(roughly 5 bar stools) and the brew selection on tap was limited. Think Shock Top, Blue Moon, and some light beers. As my buddy and I were catching up we were literally dripping with sweat drinking while drinking our cold brews. The pool area wasn't particularly large and I didn't notice many shaded safe havens.Not one element particularly stood out for this hotel pool but nothing was a thorn in my side either except the desert heat in mid-summer.
4	The service couldn't been better. I really loved this hotel. Drinks were expensive but good. It's not a pool party scene, which is why I loved it. On a side note- music could be improved.
4	Pool is good. Love that there is hardly no kids here. Lots of chairs. Pool is a little to warm, could be a little cooler. Some waitress's are quicker then others when delivering drinks. Had to track one down to order drinks & food when we first got here. Staff when checking in very happy & friendly. Pretty quiet area & plays good music, not too loud!
3	Probably one of the smallest pools on the strip, lacking any type of ambiance. The third story location is not only surrounded by a parking garage and other high rise buildings, but lacks any type of shade (aside from the umbrellas). Pool open at 8, by 9 it is already fairly crowded. However, the staff is quite attentive and will even guide you to a pool chaise. For those unlucky enough not to have a spot, pool chairs can be rented for $15 during the week, $25 on weekends. Daybeds are $75  and come with an alcoholic pitcher of your choice.The way to go at this pool is really the tranquility cabanas. Weekdays its $125, weekends $225 for privacy, your own little pool away from the rest, refrigerator stocked with smart water and a few snacks, dedicated servers, mister and overhead fan, couch and tv, and lounge chairs. There is even a bit of landscaping here, including a tree (hahah) which are sadly missing from the rest of the pool complex.The food is quite decent, the drinks on the kitschier sweeter side and not worth spending the money on. The music is pop and dance music that seems to be on an enternal loop. If you are here for more than a couple days in a row, this will drive you crazy.Overall, not a great destination for a pool vacation - the strip has so many more amazing pools to choose from.
5	For me, this is the best pool available in Vegas. It's not a party pool, there is no smoking and even if you are not a guest here, you can rent a cabana (150 weekdays) and spend the day just relaxing. If I were 20 yrs young, I might not enjoy it as much, but at a 40 something, this is perfect. The music isn't blaring, kids here are generally well behaved with parents who actually keep an eye on them.
