3	I read a lot of great reviews of La Loggia Art & Breakfast, and so my wife and I stayed the weekend of June 3rd. LocationYou can't argue with the location. My wife and I walked to a lot of places, and the metro wasn't to far away. It is in (or near) boys town (lots of adult stores around), so that part made it not so family friendly.FoodIt is a bed and breakfast, so lets start with the breakfast. After touring Ireland and staying in several bed and breakfasts, I was a little disappointed. Basically it is a continental breakfast with bread and boiled eggs. So yeah, I wasn't impressed. I would of liked more "montreal" breads and in-season fruit.BedIt is a superfirm bed (Garden Room) and we didn't sleep that well. We have a pillow top at home and we weren't used to this type of bed.ServiceYou can't fault the service, it was great. I felt that they were a little "distant" from us - but they gave us privacy, and did invite us up to the apartment on Sunday before we left (to have breakfast).
5	My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon and we both just fell in love with the place. The owners have an outstanding sense of hospitality that shines through in what they do. I thought the food was very good: fresh, sweet fruit for the continental breakfast, soft-ish boiled eggs, local bread and cheese all served in the garden outside made for a simple, relaxing start to our days in Montreal. We would stay there again without question.
5	It really was as good as it gets for us. This delightful B&B is in the perfect part of town and Rob/Yoel are the quintessential charming, authentic, delightful hosts. You'll feel immediately welcomed into their home. The room we stayed in was perfectly appointed quiet, clean. sweet, delightful. Rob is a crack up! You feel you've known these two for years the moment you're greeted by a warm smile. Location worked very well for us in that its immediately accessable to all of Montreal's "typical" neighborhoods and sites but just enough off the beaten path that Rue Amherst is just quiet and relaxed. Breakfast was lovely. You're typical spread of fruits, breads, coffee, local cheeses, delish granolas. Seriously I haven't a single critique. For a next visit to Montreal we debate....try something new......or accept the fact that it just cant get any lovelier and experience than at La Loggia.At each of our 3 breakfasts with them we engaged in enjoyable conversations with the other guests. That kind of environment only comes from special inn keepers. Thanks Rob and Yoel you guys really made our visit unforgettable.
