4	Easy in, easy out!
2	Ugh.  Their customs area SUCKS.  Sucks sucks sucks and sucks some more.  If I can help it I will not be flying internationally out of CLT again.  We were in line well over an hour, you can't use your cell phone in line, so you can't check status of the flight your about to miss... you can't get ahead of the game to rebook a flight.  What a nightmare.  The customs officers are a a bit too friendly and chatty.  If they'd just shoosh and do their job we'd all probably got through that quicker and less people would have missed their connection.
4	Small but very navigatable airport.. Not too small to have bathroom attendants. LOL!!! Wow!
3	Sorry, not a fan of any airport, but this is definitely an a-ok airport. Easy access and plenty of distractions while waiting for the flight.
4	Before moving to Charlotte, whenever I traveled I always found ways to not have to do long term parking because of the added hassle and expense. However, I now always use long term here. It's only $4 per day. Seriously?! That is an awesome deal.The shuttles come around frequently and they have little cards available for you to take so you remember where you parked by the time you get back from your trip. The drivers are friendly.Lately they've had parking attendants in the lots to direct you to the next parking area. If you don't obey where they guide you, some may start yelling. So, just do what they say...traveling is stressful enough without getting yelled at.
4	I had a connection here recently coming back to Charlottesville - I was surprised how HUGE this airport was for a 'smaller' airport.It is very spread out - which means you could have a really long walk from concourses, but it has a nice variety of shops and restaurants in between. I have ti give them major props for having a Jamba Juice as well :)
4	Four dollars a day for long term parking? That's a deal when many other airports are charging three and four times that much. Even the daily lot isn't a whole lot better - they have just as many shuttle buses that go there as to the long term lots. Perhaps it adds another three minutes to your commute? The only other difference is that the daily deck is somewhat covered, not like it really matters here in Charlotte.Long term lots do have shelters from the rain and wind. They're marked so that you know where you parked your car and know where to disembark from the bus. And if you ever have questions about which long term lot you parked in (one or two), the letters are different for each lot.They've just installed machines so that you can insert your parking ticket and pay for it with a credit card without even having to talk to a person.
1	Don't Ever use curbside valet unless you want your stuff stolen and your car searched for valuables . I had items stolen from my car that were hidden from view and important items that were in view were left untouched. Obviously an inside job and the first reaction I get from the GENERAL MANAGER is " read the back of your ticket we are not responsible for loss". No but you are responsible for hiring dishonest individuals and responding very improperly to a weekly valet customer . kiss my 100 days a year parked at your service goodbye. I recommend the bus wait to get to the parking garage if you value your items and car.
1	This service is really poor. Had items stolen out of my car. Reported and nothing. Also very slow on car return. Poorly organized. Only use them if you're going to miss your plane and are willing to take the risks and plan to camp out while you wait for your car.
1	Curbside valet is terrible. With the parking deck down its slow and backed up. $18/day for terrible service and a 2 hour wait?! Child please! Not sure what I should've expected though from a bunch of teenagers and a manager who appears to not care. DO  NOT USE. Maybe if we stop using them they'll get the message.
1	Valet parking is terrible.  Had to wait 40 minutes for my car and that is with calling ahead.  OH, and they raised the price from$19 to $28 for that excellent service.
1	I understand that there is a ton of construction going on here and that it is to hopefully make the airport better but until they finish, it is just an absolute mess. This last time I must have driven around to 3 or 4 different lots before I finally had to go to Long Term 4.  Half the entrences are for buses or employees and I pulled in each time before being able to read the sign.  On the way back to my car. I waited for the long term 4 shuttle and it seemed like the employee there was calling out every number except long term 4. When I finally asked, he said that is it right there. It was stacked two buses deep and the drived didnt see me walking over and pulled away.  I had to wait for the next shuttle to come around.  Not what you want to have to do after a long flight.
