5	Arboretum Massage is amazing! Hands down best massage I've ever gotten. Have recommended to quite a few people all of whom loved their massages as well! The rooms are lovely, like little tiki huts. Highly recommend this place!
1	Arboretum Massage placed a deal on Amazon Local earlier this year.  I thought it was a great way to try out a new massage place, so I bought one for my wife and I.  Yesterday I called to schedule the massage, but no one was there to pick up the phone.  Shortly after leaving my message, I received a text on my phone that said....."will call you right back".  More than 24 hours went by, so I texted the number back and asked when they were going to call me.  I received a call thirty minutes later and asked to schedule a massage.  When I identified myself as a holder of an Amazon Local voucher, the person on the other end, in a very abrupt manner told me they are no longer accepting Amazon vouchers.  When I asked him why, he said, "we just aren't".  In a polite manner, I asked why aren't you...I wanted to understand if they are too busy (maybe this is the best place in town to get a massage).  Again, he said, "we just aren't"...in a very rude voice.  So I asked him one last time and he said, "because we just decided not to, so you need to call Amazon and get your money back".  That was the end of the conversation.  So I called Amazon and got my money back.  And then I wrote this post about my experience.  Without a doubt, this ranks as one of the worst customer experiences I have ever had trying to do business with someone.  This place needs to get out of the service industry and in to something that suits them a little better.
5	Great price for a great massage.  Don't let the price of the massage fool you - these are professionals who provide a great service.  They are partnered with a nail salon, but their actual rooms are in the back of the business away from any fumes and noise.  Cute tiki hut decor adds to the experience.  I would highly recommend!
1	The Worst Business Practices that make one wonder how this merchant stays in business.Purchased a Groupon deal.  Called several times to schedule and no one answers the phone. Their Voicemail box is always full - unable to leave message. The owner calls back at will anytime/anyday - so most likely one misses the call and can never schedule. When i finally connected and mentioned i wanted to use a Groupon I was told he was booked solid for weeks. When I mentioned how difficult it was to connec to schedule he said I was not going to get a massage there and to get my money back from Groupon.  And then I wrote this post about my experience.  Without a doubt, this ranks as one of the worst customer experiences I have ever had trying to do business with someone.  This place needs to be put OUT OF BUSINESS ASAP.
