4	A couple of guys had eco rehab do their homes and they said the work they did made a difference.I went with eco rehab because they have 12 months same as cash (no interest if paid within the 1st year).I originally got an energy audit through another company I heard ads for on the radio but there estimate repair cost was through the roof.  Eco rehab was less and with no interest it made sense.I called eco rehab to see if my original audit could be transferred over to them and they said it could no problem and they had someone come out to just check out what work needed to be done to give a more exact estimate.The lady in the office seemed competent answering my basic questions about insulation and the process so that was nice to no she wasn't just answer calls and setting appoints but new the process.I had insulation, attic sealing and dampers put in, I skipped on the aeroseal for now because it wasnt' in my budget, hopefully next year.The guys came out and did the attic sealing the 1st day, they used a small crawl space from the garage to go into my attic so they wouldn't have to go through the master bedroom, the 2nd day they had to go through the bedroom because they had to bring up the dampers and flume box but they laid out plastic and didn't make a mess.The crew that came out could have been a little more professional in their appearance but their work is hot and messy.  My complaint is when they set up the dampers they didn't adjust them correctly.  Half my house the living room and kitchen/dinning area are vaulted ceilings and gets 5 degrees hotter then the bedrooms and there was minimal air flow going out of 3 ceiling vents in the kitchen.  Yesterday someone came out to do the final inspection/follow up audit which really saved my opinion on them.  I told the guy it didn't seem like the dampers were working and I didn't notice an increase in the airflow.  He went back up in the attic and made some adjustments and it made a huge difference in the airflow.  I can now stand below the vents in the vaulted ceiling and feel the air coming down on me where before I had to stand on a chair and hold my hand up to the vent to feel the air coming out. Hopefully this will increase the comfort level and reduce my energy cost.
5	I am so glad I called them for my eco repairs. We knew we needed some more insulation, etc since we had warm spots in our house. Brian, our salesman was very low key, no high pressure sales. We decided to have our duct work sealed, and insulation added to our attic. Everyone that came to our house was friendly and polite. They finished the repairs in a timely manner. When they came out for our final inspection, something was not sealed correctly, and we did not have to pay our balance on the repairs until they got it corrected.The best part was our first bill. Our July bill went down $170.00 from last year!!!! I am a very satisfied customer. Oh, and they do all the paperwork for our SRP rebates.  What more can a person ask for?
5	Cory was my Energy Auditor and Jeff was my service rep, and both were extremely friendly, knowledgable, and time efficient. There was no sales pressure, and I was comfortable scheduling some work to be done through them.Unfortunately, through unforeseen financial circumstances, I had to cancel the work. And, I have to give them credit for not pushing me to reschedule, not being upset, and being very customer satisfaction oriented.This seems to be a very professional company, and I will go back to them once I am ready to resume any work to be done.
2	Thought they would send someone in with a thermal camera and show me walls that needed insulation. They ended up just doing a pressure check with the front door and found and recommended more ceiling insulation and some sort of sealant for my air ducts.I know I have leaks in my air ducts and could use more ceiling insulation. I did it for the rebate on srp energy work, but the pay back period I calculated is around 8 years and I don't plan to live in my house that long. So to make a long story short the work they recommended is too expensive for what I would save even with the rebates.
1	I contacted Eco Rehab as a part of SRP energy savings program. Setting up the initial appointment was easy and I was prepared for the 3-4 hour audit. When the technician arrived at my home, we went through the process and I asked him to make sure that specific bedroom doors stayed closed due to one of my cats needing to be kept away from the other pets for heath reasons. Imagine my shock when I came upstairs to find all the doors open and the quarantined cat outside-extremely disrespectful of my wishes and my animal's health! Fast forward to the appointment to review the results. Despite having received a reminder voicemail from Eco Rehab the day before, no one showed up for the appointment. I called multiple times and was redirected to their voicemail system. I then called an additional 3x during business hours the next week to at least get a copy of the report and one the third attempt got a human being. He then told me that there was something wrong with their machine and that there were no voicemails (huh?) and he didn't know why anyone didn't show up. Ugh. At that point, I had no interest in having them break another appointment so I just had the report emailed to me. Complete WASTE of money and time with this company.
1	I contacted Eco Rehab last year after seeing their advertisement and made an appointment for their no obligation energy audit.  The auditor was very nice and courteous.  The salesman they sent after that was in fact a salesman.  He recommended we have our air ducts sealed to decrease the amount of dust throughout the house,  fix the hot spots and lower our utility bill.  We felt pressured to make a decision that night because he said the prices would go up if he walked out the door.   For only $3,741 after rebates, I was guaranteed they would bring the leaks down to .5 or less.  They came out and sealed our air ducts without even cleaning them first.  We were told that was not necessary.  Really??  Long story short, 1 year later, same amount of dust, still have hot spots and electric bill is the same!  Only difference is we are out almost 4 grand!  Don't waster your money on the Aeroseal!
