1	***THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE BUTCHER. ***Conversation:Me: "What cut of meat is best for kabobs?"Butcher 1: eye roll "aaaaaa. what's out there?"Me: "well i heard a sirloin is good????"Butcher 1 : "Sure"Me: "can I pick one out and can you cut it up for me in kabob chunks?"Butcher 1 to Butcher 2: big eye roll "can we cut meat up?"Butcher 2: "uuuuuuu. yah. i guess. well. ummmm.  is there some out there cut up?"Butcher 1: " i mean, I guess we COULD but... uh, I just well, uhhh. cleaned.  uhhh........"Me: "Don't worry about it." see ya later a- holes. it's only 4pm, don't clean yet.  you may have to keep working. I think they were too busy playing pocket ping pong to bother, they like working with meat, their own.I'm usually not this bitter, it's just the whole customer service thing gets me every time.  In a bad mood?  too bad- fake it.
4	I luckily haven't had the displeasure of dealing with the jerky butcher Nadia C. encountered, and I'll be sure to steer clear of him in the future. This review, however, is about Sprout's fantastically affordable produce.  Every time I visit the store to stock up on my essential fruits and veggies, I'm always amazed at their great prices. Nowadays, when prices on everything are skyrocketing, it is a pleasure to know you can still find places to stretch your dollar.  On a recent visit, their deals were outstanding: limes 5 for $1; oranges 77cents/lbs; 2 pints of strawberries for $3, onions 3lbs for $1; and 2 cucumbers for $1!  I don't think you can find better prices on produce anywhere else in the Valley, and it's good and fresh to boot -- they constantly are restocking and although most of the produce is smaller than you see at other grocery stores, that just means it is probably chemical and hormone free. Their other offerings are a little pricey, mostly because they are lesser-known, healthy brands, but there are still some great deals even in that mix.  Their homemade foccacia bread is to-die-for, and they sell ground turkey for $1.25/lb!  You can't beat that, I swear!  I definitely recommend Sprouts for their wonderfully cheap and tasty produce.  And as far as that butcher, maybe just go on a day when he isn't working.
4	I'm only Yelping about their yummy on the cheap sammies!! Fresh, delish, customized and cheap.. under 5 bucks.. plus they have all sorts of salads and dips to chose from in the cold case, also on the cheap! This is my lunch time favorite!!
4	My wife and I shop at Sprouts often and appreciate the large selection of produce with regular sales. We especially love Wednesday deals, where advertised deals from both this week and last are honored.I drink a ton of Sprouts brand organic apple juice. We were able to work out a deal with the manager where I can receive a discount on the half gallon containers whenever they are not already on sale. The bulk food and candy selection is excellent. I stock up on granola, nuts, and sometimes beans or grains. I'm also a sucker for yogurt pretzels, which are often on sale.Overall, my wife and I are very satisfied with Sprouts, even though the price of packaged foods is naturally higher (healthier foods warrant heftier prices). From friendly staff to a wide selection of healthy foods, we will keep coming back for good!
3	I enjoy having Sprouts nearby, but feel there are so many things the entire chain could do to improve!  One is to start selling more attractive re-usable bags.  If folks don't bring in re-usable bags, the default at the checkout line should be PAPER instead of plastic.  Sprouts is behind the times when it comes to enviro. friendly packaging.  I think they should also offer a filtered water system, so people can bring in their water jugs from home and fill them up with filtered water - 25 cents/gallon, as they do at Sunflowers.  Sprouts does have a good selection of minimally processed meats, but I would like to see more organic fruits and veggies and local produce.  I'm not sure why they call themselves a "farmers market".
5	I love Sprouts! The produce is always so fresh! I love all the bulk items! The deli and meat area is BOMB! The customer service has always been amazing, I havent dealt with a rude person yet! Keep it up Sprouts! You are quikcly becoming my main go to grocery store!
4	I've been to a Sprout's before, but that was quite a while ago, so on my recent visit I was really pleased with what I was presented with!  I like the layout of the store.  It's definitely a little different than your typical grocery store, but it makes sense.  I also like that their aisles are very short, so you don't have to break your neck to see what's at the top.  I loved their selection of produce and I really liked seeing a lot of local offerings.  The carrots from Tolleson are very good.  Some of their produce prices, like on apples, are unbelievably cheap compared to other grocery stores!  I had a lot of fun browsing this store and everything they have to offer, and I think we might be adding Sprouts to our weekly grocery trips.
3	2 reasons to go to Sprouts:1.) Alexander C. hit the nail on the head - fair price for deli counter sandwiches - I am a huge fan of their tuna salad with sprouts and red onion.2.) Mr. Krispers (http://69.11.245.5/) - only place in town to find 'em! (Mr. Krispers get 5 stars, FYI...)
3	The good, the bad and the ugly......The good - The produce is way fresh and way cheap. The selection is huge and usually stocked very well. Kudo's to the produce dept. I have recently found a no carb salad dressing that I LA LA LA LOVE! Drew's Shitake Ginger it is YUMMO! The bad - Why does the meat from Sprouts on 19th stink? I mean really. I brought home chicken sausage on Friday, on Saturday it smelled up my fridge. Then I bought a steak on Sunday to cook on Tuesday and it had begun to turn brown yuck. I would recommend cooking meat you get from here the same day you buy it.The ugly - I bought chicken thighs that were on sale for 1.29 a pound. I thought great deal and was careful in picking the best looking thighs. I decided to buy 3 packages for a cookout. I had my rub ready to be worked into my meat and then opened the chicken to clean it and thought I was going to vomit! These thighs were so butchered it looked like a bad autopsy. Huge chunks of yellow fat all over, & I think they used a hack saw to remove the meat from the bone. This was awful. I'm no butcher but I know when someone has literally butchered a piece of meat. I was furious! The better - I turned off my grill raced into Sprouts with the 3 packs of thighs. Showed the manager and he was less than pleased with what he saw. I was given a full refund, and 3 new packages of chicken on the house. I grabbed some breasts and got back to my guests. Sprouts manager I think it was Ramon was great.
4	I go into this sprouts on a regular basis and I have never had a bad experience.
5	I have been to this Sprouts more than any other. It is very clean and smells clean. The staff is very willing to help you find anything. They have samples of coffee for everyone to try and when i was there yesterday they had samples of cake and bread.  They have a great selection of local vegetables,(very important)! All sorts of natural products that are sometimes hard to find.  Even Buffalo meat which is wonderful and low in fat.  You get .5cents off your bill for every bag you bring in as well. The only thing that is a bit of an issue is some items are very high priced and the other thing is you have to watch that when something is on sale you get it for the sale price. other than that fantastic!
3	I like Sprouts. They've got a great selection, and always have good produce. The only bad thing about this place is that I feel extra guilty when I forget my reusable shopping bags...so bring your reusables.
4	One of the locations I do my weekly grocery shopping. Love that they carry most of the Boiron line ( homeopathic medicine). Great organic options. Only quirk is that the people behind the meat/fish counter either don't wash their hands where handling the food or not wash it the way it should. Holding it under running water is not washing your hands. Miss Deborah, the girl with the British accent, but understand why she left. Really like Annalee(?) and the newly hired Devin. There is one guy (Stephen) that doesn't seem to like his job. Doesn't talk to you or with an uhuh..., as soon as he's done bagging, he grabs his cell phone, right in front of you and starts texting or what else he might be doing on there. Other than that, great store. When I was pregnant they always carried everything back in the cart for me, to wheel of. Do really like this location.
4	A hidden gem found just this month after years of visiting the store... the sandwich counter is FANTASTIC and cost effective! I was blown away and love to grab lunch there... beats the pants off $9 AJ's!
5	Okay, as far a great produce and specialty foods and snack, Sprouts has Trader Joes beat.  This place is amazing.  The deli is home to the $2.99 sandwich.  The BEST sandwhich shop in Phoenix.   The best part of the widest selection of produce and snacks are the prices!  I am over the snobish Trader Joes crowd, their long lines.  This place has everything you need.
4	Sprouts was recommended to me by a local apartment complex manager while I was in town looking for a pad. I was staying at a resort in a little condo-type room, and stopped here for grub to cook. Find most everything you'd find in other grocery stores, but with a deli that I understand is to die for. I got salad stuff, drinks, coffee, and fruit and was pleasantly surprised at the bill. I still think I'd prefer Trader Joe's, but granted...I've only been here once.  I'll be living in Phoenix within 8 weeks and I'll give it a few more chances.
5	I always love coming to Sprouts. They have am excellent selection of extremely reasonably priced produce, and they carry a lot of healthy alternatives compared to other grocery stores. Their bulk section is great, too. The have bulk sugars, flours, dried fruits, legumes, granola, veggie chips, and more. I really enjoy the new-ish line of coconut milk and almond milk yogurts and their great supplement/personal hygiene section is top notch!
5	Love the customer service, the produce is always fresh and a terrific deal and the choice of Gluten Free foods is amazing!  I love the customized coupons you can get when you join their email list and they are terrific at answering questions posted on facebook.I really take advantage of their twice yearly gluten free sale as well as their overlapping Wednesday sales!  I love that you get the joy of two sales flyers price then!  The meat department is good as well and everything is very fresh.Oh, don't forget the essential oils and vitamins and nutritional products!  Great selection of organic and specialty items.  Love it here!
5	OMG, this place is great. Its clean and organized. The produce look delicious and colorful. I found items that I would not have found any other store. I wished I would have came here sooner.  I will not be shopping here all the time, but for specialty items I will visit this place. Well reading through a review from an employee that works there.....this place sounds like a terrible place to work.
1	I HATE Sprouts.  I see lots of people shopping here and I don't get it.  Their produce isn't refrigerated, and in the summer time in Phoenix, this is a necessity.  The store circular advertises incredibly low prices.  The problem is, the food comes from Mexico.  You wouldn't dare drink water from Mexico unless it was bottled from some place other than Mexico, so why in the world would anyone buy anything made there?  If drinking water is contaminated, how good could the water be that's irrigating plants?
5	Love this place! I really HATE all of the run of the mill super markets. Well now you know that about me. The store is quaint and filled with all of the organic goodies that my heart desires. The staff is friendly and willing to help when you seek them first. The produce is fresh and looks good as well. They also have a pretty decent meat counter without making the store feel like a giant  super market. In short I love the store super nice,clean, and organised.
4	Any store with a big organic selection gets tons of bonus points from me. Sprouts has an awesome selection of natural and organic foods. Staff is always friendly and in the meat section they have managers specials. Also I love that they carry natural and alternative medicine. One thing that bothers me though is that a store like Sprouts doesn't accept digital coupons. You have to print out coupons otherwise they won't accept them and that isn't environmental friendly at all. Hopefully they will change that soon. Also, the print setting only prints like 3 or 4 coupons per page, which is an absolute waste of paper. Very frustrating. Please keep the organic produce coming and think about greener ways of doing business.
4	I really like Sprouts but I only come to this specific Sprouts location when visiting the Bookman's next door. When you first walk in, you are greeted by delicious looking pastries, muffins, breads, etc. Then comes the deli/meat counter and the produced. The produce selection is the best part of the store and they always have great deals going on. I love getting my fruit - especially berries - from here. I can usually walk away purchasing a bunch of items and spending very little money. The store is clean and the staff is friendly. If you are in the area, definitely check this place out. You might just find something new and delicious!
4	Wow! I never had been in Sprouts till I had to take my grandfather to the store.  We went through all the rows of nuts, seeds, sweets and dried fruits.  Sprouts has a great assortment for the munchies. Healthy ones too!The veggie area was clean and had great sales going on.  This past week, 88 cents for certain veggies.  However, there wasn't a huge variety of breads and the fruit juices were way overpriced.The store itself was really clean and the staff was really friend.  We didn't go through all the rows, so will just have to go back by myself to shop.
4	I'm not much of a health food nut, but I do like coming here from time to time because I really enjoy their selection of products.  They have a large clean produce selection, soaps, house cleaners, a ton of vitamins, meat, chicken and fish area along with a bunch of other products.They have a bulk section in the middle of the store that I like to cruise because you can get just about anything you want in this isle.  Stuff like candy, sugar, a wide variety of nuts and much much more.  Overall store is clean and well stocked at all times.When I'm here I usually come for the same few items.  Their ground beef is just the best in town, and I'm not kidding when I say that.  My old boss told me about it one time, I tried it and now I'm hooked. It's a little bit more expensive then your regular grocery store, but it's organic and tastes awesome.They also have really awesome friendly staff here as well.  The few times I've needed help or had questions, the staff has really gone out of their way for me.  Despite that the store has a more intimate feel, it's a great place to shop to pick up a variety of fresh items.  Great prices on produce and overall a fun experience.
4	This is a pretty good market, and it has most of the stuff I like. The organic produce section is pretty sad, but I think that's because it's Phoenix. There are often good sales on things like bulk foods, frozen foods and vitamins, and that's when I stock up. The staff are hard-working and friendly. You can return things (with receipt) if you don't like them, and there is never any hassle.You can get a deli sandwich here for $2.99!
5	Yesenia is an awesome cashier - so helpful! Now that she had her baby, I'm going to try and get in her checkout everytime! KJ always makes THE best sandwiches.
1	Went it to buy a lunch meat wrap. Also purchased their anything trail mix that they prepackage along with some yellow cherries. Opened the trail mix, ate a couple handfuls and noticed worms crawling all over the table. Yep they were roaming free in my trail mix. I'm so nauseous right now.
4	Sprouts is like a more expensive version than Trader Joes and a less expensive place than Whole Foods. All in all - this is a great place for healthy, natural whatevers. I like how you can weigh out your own oats or nuts. They have a clean selection of veggies and fruits, as well as other "natural" products. I find some of their fruits and veggies cheaper than other grocery stores, but the frozen foods and other products can be about a dollar or more than what I find at Target.
4	i frequent this location every weekend.  their produce is always well-stocked and organized.  the staff is pretty friendly.  i love that they have crumbled feta packaged by weight at their deli... way cheaper than other stores, in my opinion.  not a huge assortment of frozen foods, but that's kind of a good thing, right? ;)
4	Sprouts is a great place to stop in for lunch during the week.  Really affordable sandwiches / wraps and an abundance of nuts / other healthy snack foods available so that you can fill up without feeling lethargic or guilty for the remainder of the work day.  Generally they have great sales on select produce and for a grocer - they have a fairly impressive beer selection.  They've recently opened another location next to my house, so I do expect to be a regular at both locations in due order.
4	This new Sprouts location is convenient and attractive. It's set up like all the other Sprouts, so it's easy to navigate the aisles. In general, Sprouts has above average produce, a good selection of vitamins and supplements as well as foods with mostly  acceptable nutrition profiles for health freaks like me. I shop at a Sprouts store at least once a week and am almost always very happy with the experience. The only criticism of this location is the parking lot. It's kind of treacherous during busy periods.
4	This store is a bit smaller than the one I usually shop at, but I'll take it anywhere.  It sell the mostly a lot of fresh fruits and veggies.  Always very clean in and out of the store, friendly staff and they offer to help any time you ask for help.  Fast check-out too.  Good location in Phoenix!
4	This Sprouts Market is clean, the staff is very friendly, and their produce selection is always fresh. If you haven't been to a Sprouts, shame on you! This place has a farmers market meets grocery store feel, and is perfect for the health conscious. They also have a deli where you can get decent sized sandwiches for only $2.99!!Overall, if you live in the area give this place a shot. DELICIOUS and CHEAP deli sandwiches that you'll love!
5	I love coming here. Not only is the store really clean but the staff always seems to be in a good mood. I've been coming here for awhile and it's becoming my favorite store for several reasons - awesome produce, double ad Wednesdays and all those snack bins! Just wanted to give a shout out to Tyler - he's super friendly and a fantastic sandwich artist - and to Megan, by far the sweetest cashier. I love going through her checkout because she's super engaging, remembers stuff about my week and genuinely cares when she asks about my day. I did cheat on them a little and checked out the other Sprouts on Glendale (shout out to Dawn!) for a little while, but I thoroughly enjoy coming to this one. Thanks for making my shopping experiences special!
4	Getting into and out of this location is an absolute death trap because of the light rail construction course but I'll still continue to make the occasional shopping trip for my dry and produce goods.  And you won't get the hairy eye ball for sampling a grape or a piece of that tasty salt water taffy. The buttered popcorn flavor is my fave.
4	Fresh produce, Organic products, vitamins and supplements at really great prices!Trader Joe's x Whole Foods = Sprouts Farmers Market I purchased some organic items here, some frozen and others produce as well as premade salads that are decently priced at a low cost. They have everything you can think of, but obviously cater to those looking for more organic or natural items. However, they do carry items that are not. They sell trail mix, nuts, dried fruits or candies in bulk so be wary. Some produce is priced a bit steep, but is reasonable.Really clean, large in size and the workers are available to assist you if need be, check out lines go really quickly too.
5	I like Sprouts. I always have. The other day though, I found out about their Deli sandwiches and now I'm in love. I just walked out of there with a Turkey on Sourdough (fresh and chewy), with Provalone, Avocado, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion for $4.49. This is the best kept secret that's a bad secret to keep. Tell everyone about this place. Just don't get in line ahead of me.
4	I won't write much here, as I don't really do franchise reviews...and, actually, I've already written a review for another Sprouts location (or two?  I don't remember and can't be bothered to check...).  So, if you want a better run down on Sprouts, in my eyes, having shopped there for almost 5 years, please check my profile.  For now, this is a quick run down of this location.On the downside, some of their stock is different than what we'd grown accustomed to in Salt Lake City.  The bulk section is larger, but some of the products we regularly purchased are either not available or not offered.  The teas, in particular, are not as great a quality, and they don't seem to have any fair trade teas.  Oh, and we couldn't find maple extract anywhere.  Sad day.As for the staff, they are stellar.  There are a few faces in particular that we see and who we have been helped by.  It's nice that they seem to remember us and are especially friendly because of that.  The times we've needed help finding an item, or getting more on the shelves they have been stellar.  Once, when the ground ginger bulk jar was empty, seeing as it cost half as much as any of the pre-bagged items, the guy who helped us gave it to us free, no charge!  Really, they're friendly, helpful and never act like they're begrudgingly helping you.And that's all folks.  If you're in the area (sadly there aren't any sprouts on the south or west side) then it's worth coming here.  We generally drive about 5 miles to get here.  But Sprouts, and specifically this location, make it worth the drive.  And, thank the gods, we have a car.
