5	This is the type of place that you go to for an experience, as well as great food. The decor is very dark with wood and leather, you have very personal service, the waiters take care of very few tables at a time. You get to see and choose your meal not only from the menu, but by the presentation given to you from your waiter, showing you the specials of the day (special as in special cuts, not as in cheap). You get beautiful steaks, yummy and huge shrimps ( really shouldn't be called shrimp when they are this big) and scallops. End your meal by choosing one of the decadent dessert, you first time though you should really try the cheesecake, you might not be able to move or want to eat for a week afterwards.When you come and check the best steakhouse you've ever been to out, make sure to bring your wallet, this is one meal/experience you are not going to want to skimp on.
5	I can't believe they launched Yelp Canada and did not tell me! My first Canadian review deservedly must go to Queue De Cheval. While it wasn't the #1 tasting steak of my life (it was in, say, the top 5), this restaurant ranks #1 for "Coolest Steakhouse Experience".The restaurant itself is two stories and is completely beautiful. The staircase and art alone is worth the trip. The bar tucked into the side corner is full of dark wood accents that you would expect at a premiere steak place like this. There are large windows on both stories that open up towards downtown Montreal and Centre Bell (that's "The Bell Center" in American). The service was also fantastic. I was living a hockey's fan's dream of going to see the Leafs/Habs game across the street right after dinner, so the place was impossible packed. However, this place was prepared. I've never been served so quickly and efficiently but without being pushed or hurried in my life. The waitstaff and busboys were literally jogging through the aisles of tables trying to get to everyone at once but they did so with style and...grace? If that's possible - they did it. The big highlight is of course that, either before you order (on request) or right after you order (always), they will actually come by your table and show you the raw slab of beef they are about to cook and you are about to ingest. This is for several reasons:1. Showmanship2. Class3. So you can pretend to be a true connoisseur and make either affable or snide comments as to the cut and marbleization of the meat and approve/reject their selection.In any case, it's always fun. They also do this with the Jumbo Lobsters they have on the menu. Lastly, as far as service, you are offered "sparking or still" but it is actually "Pellegrino or Evian". I asked for plain tap water but they insisted on this choice. They didn't bother to mention that both were completely free and included in the meal in unlimited quantities! This is an awesome, perfect, and brilliant idea I've yet to see replicated anywhere.As for the food, the steaks were prepared in simple-but-true steakhouse styles without the fuss of a billion rubs/sauces or other distractions. The sides were huge and delicious - particularly the asparagus. You must get the asparagus. As other mentioned, they also specialize in lobster. The old man sitting next to me ordered a lobster that was about equal in size to my torso. I'm not kidding - it was hanging off the table. Awesome.I'll leave analyzing their wine list to people who know more than I do on that, but they did have ample selection of both local and national Canadian brews, including of course everything from Unibroue in Quebec, which you might expect.Other cool things: They are very accommodating if you tell them you are going to see Les Habitants across the street (that's "I'm going to see the Ice Hockey Game featuring the Montreal Canadiens" in American). They are aware of the game's start times and modify the speed of service accordingly. They are also completely understanding if you walk in wearing your Hockey sweater (that's a "jersey" in American) and blue jeans. They even managed to protect a couple wearing Maple Leafs gear from the excessive heckling of everyone around them.I can't praise this place highly enough. When in Montreal, you must go to a hockey game, and you MUST go to Queue De Cheval for dinner.
5	I just read the first 3 reviews and all I can say is that they are all true and I support them. So I'll talk about the lounge since I cannot add to those nice reviews.  This is one of the only places in Montreal where people can smoke.  Even though I'm not a smoker, it's a fun place to meet interesting people.  BTW, they got this waiver because they were a cigar lounge selling more than $XX,XXX of cigar the year before the law changed (welcome to La Belle Province where the government thinks it's more intelligent than it's subjects...).So the lounge is comfy and has an external terrasse in Summer.  Defintely a nice place to take a good Scotch after a 'Habs' game.By reading the other reviews, you probably infer that what will be proposed by your waiter will not be the cheapest, so keep with your known choices if you don't want to get a tab for 4 drinks that can look like a meal on your expense account...EnjoyR.
4	Queue de Cheval would have received 5 stars if the steakhouse kept more of its steak in stock. We came at 7pm on a Wednesday and several of their cuts from ny cut to filet mignons were already gone. If you're a fan of 3 to 3.5 inch steaks this is your place. I'm not and went with a Lou's cut - 20oz, about 1.5 in thick. This was easily in my top 3 steaks of all time list. Perfectly charred exterior and the interior was pink, juicy, full of flavor. Condiments not required; probably a result of the marbling seen when the steak was presented before my eyes before grilling. Sides aren't anything special - the focus here is the meat. Oh yeah, they have some seafood too, but you don't eat fish at a steakhouse. If you like steak, go here. If you're looking for a food experience, go to Toque.
4	Great steak, great atmospheric and terrific service. Unfortunately, all of this comes at a cost.
2	Quite possibly the most overrated restaurant in all of Montreal.  I was told by several people that I *had* to eat here.  So, on my first trip to Montreal, I made it a point to visit Queue de Cheval (The Horse's Tail) the day I landed.  One should beware of any restaurant that does not list prices for anything...anywhere, because as the saying goes "If you have to ask, you can't afford it."  The highly personable, white-jacketed waiters are the strength of this establishment.  In traditional steakhouse style, they bring out the raw cuts of meat for your perusal and selection.  Steaks are grilled on an large open fire pit, in clear view of the seating area.  Now, perhaps it was the cut that I selected (bone-in NY strip), but the end product was just so-so.  It was certainly not worth the $90 I ended up spending on it.If, however, you find yourself in Montreal, and you want a good steak at an affordable price, try Restaurant du Vieux-Port in old town or even Canadian mainstay The Keg
5	Absolutely fantastic.  Very costly, but you get what you pay for.  High end fine steakhouse, with great selection.  I had the "waygu"??? strip steak which is the kobe equivalent.  Best I have ever had!!!  Excellent sides aswell had some frites, spinach and mashed.  Highly recommend but get your wallet out for this one!!!
4	I just finished my second visit to Queue de Cheval (the previous one being three years earlier), and on both occasions, I experienced a truly wonderful meal, with an amusing and attentive waitstaff to match. However, as many reviews have pointed out, it is extremely costly, which is what prevents me from giving a full 5-stars.The meal was delicious, with very few low points. On this trip, I treated myself to the "Lou" cut, the house special. It was an extremely marbled rib-eye cut on the bone, that was more than juicy enough to stand alone. Spiced perfectly, my only surprise was that it was not as rare as I might have hoped; at fine steak houses I usually expect medium-rare to run on the rarer side, but I cannot really blame the restaurant for the inconsistencies among all restaurants.To the sides, the garlic mashed potatoes were superb, and the fried onions were quite good as well. The home made pickles were delightful and humongous. The only disappointment I had was with the cheese covered cauliflower which tasted undercooked to me. For dessert we had an extremely rich chocolate covered cheesecake that was creamy and melted it your mouth; if you can take rich desserts, I highly recommend it.In the case of the steak prices, I can certainly forgive the restaurant. In point of fact, while the steaks are on the upper end of steak prices, they are not absurdly more expensive than any other steak house. The true pain is in the cost of the additions. $14 Canadian for so-so cauliflower with cheese? $16 Canadian desserts? These are the prices that really rack up the bill to the $80 or so per person we spent.If you're willing to spend the money, it's a great experience, for taste, decor, and service. However, the prices do hurt.
4	"go big or dont go at all" is an understatement. I think my tiger shrimp weighed a pound. pricy, but hey i picked out which rib eye i wanted...
4	This is a large, expensive, steak house that is excellent for groups.  If you want to impress people, bring them here.  They have an extensive wine list, a massive open grill where the meat is cooked, and a second floor with nice views of the city.  Be prepared to shell out some serious money.  Nothing here is cheap.  The food is very good, but it's good steakhouse food.  If you are looking for something more intimate, or local fare, this is not the place. I went for my bachelor party.  We had a large table on the second floor.  They thoughtfully put us in the corner where our slightly loud group didn't bother anyone.  We had a magnum bottle of wine with dinner (there were 12 of us), and we probably ordered half the side dishes.  I ordered the Rib Eye, which while tasty, was also the most heavily marbled Rib Eye I had ever had.  I would order the Lou's cut next time.  That looked like the best cut at the table.
4	OK Guys ... Bravo. If you like steak, sorry Meat and Lobster AND an amazing wine list...this is the spot. Dont look for fancy stuff. just a high priced meat place with a eye catching center grill. Service is a bit weak for the place, but could be factor of my average skilled waiter. Great place very well located.
2	I must say I believe this steakhouse is overrated. A big group of us went to Montreal for New Years... and 11-of us went to the restaurant. The one good thing I will say is like in most restaurants in Montreal -- they split the bills with no problem.  The wine list -- although extensive -- was very very pricey. We got a bottle for about $160 and that was the 2nd cheapest. It wasn't all that great. I didn't order any appetizers -- some of my friends did. One ordered the tempura lobster tails -- and they loved it.  I wanted to order the 3 Mignon Sampler -- but guess what they were out of them. A steakhouse out of steak? Oh well. I opted for the baseball cut Filet Mignon. I must say it was a nice piece of steak -- however, I ordered it medium well.. and it was too rare for my taste. We also ordered the mashed potatoes and they were okay.My friend and I ordered the white chocolate cheesecake and  it was terrible. It did not taste like white chocolate at all, but rather some kind of nasty cheese. Not a fan!The service was good -- but i'd pick Prime 112 any day over this.
5	I went to this wonderful steakhouse twice in college. Both times were forever ago but both dinners were memorable meals. Great service and fantastic food! My mom and sister just went there again this weekend and said it was just as good as we all remembered! Someday soon I'm going to make a trip back to Montreal and I will definitely be visiting this fantastic steakhouse again!To be continued....
2	First time to Montreal. Was there as part of a conference that was going on there during the week, but was able to convince my friends to join me there for a weekend of debauchery and mayhem...alright, I'm not that young anymore, but it was supposed to be a good guys trip. So what do guys eat on a guy's trip...steak..... I actually wanted to go to Au pied de Cochon, but they were booked for days. So this was the next best place, well at least accordingly to Yelp. I wasn't quite sure about this place so asked everyone I met about this place to get an opinion. One person I talked to was telling me that the steaks are so great, that when you drive up, they park your car for you. ????? That is called valet service and what the heck does that have to do with steak? So there are four of us. We get there at 9pm. Busy, but most people finishing. The place reminded me of the Brooklyn in Seattle. Pretty neat how they have the meat locker on the side and a grand staircase going up to the next level just in the back. The first thing I notice is that the dry aged steaks are hung up in a locker and seem to be cut when ordered. The service upon sitting was fantastic. We had three waiters buzzing around us at any one time. So can't ding them on service. As we prepared to order, they went through the standard spiel on how meat is aged, wagyu beef, marbling, blah blah blah. I really hate hearing this, but I guess that is what you get when you go to steakhouses these days. (Well, you don't get this at the Met. They seem to assume you're there because you know your meat else you would ask. YES...I'm biased). All the beef was American less the Wagyu which was from Australia for some reason. I honestly can't remember the sides being too extravagant. I know we had some roasted garlic mashed potatoes and some other green vegetables, but by the fact that I don't remember is probably an indicator that I was either too drunk or didn't think they were worth remembering. I'm sure it was the latter. Two buddies ordered the Porterhouse and myself and the fourth ordered the Kansas rib-eye. Yes, Medium rare. The steaks came. Presentation was standard. Grilled to order. Nothing different. Took the first bite....nothing. Just a chunk of rib-eye grilled to medium rare. I believe I had to add some salt to it because it didn't have any flavor. The porterhouses were just okay too according to my carnivorous friends. One really liked it, but he isn't too discerning about food, so will have to toss out his judgement. The prices were pretty high too, so not sure why the high prices for such low quality preparation. The cuts sounded great, but again, anyone can buy the meat, not everyone can cook it. We were rather disappointed by the food, but fortunately, the only reason they got two stars is that they have a cigar room for you to wash away the taste of the bland steak with a nice Cohiba Siglo VI and a single malt neat. If you have to eat here, then ask for a spot upstairs. It is more happening. When you order, ask if they could send the valet to Schwartz's to pick up some real cuts of meat or just share a couple appetizers and then head straight for the cigar room.
5	Queue Cheval has hands down the best shrimp that I have ever had in my life.  Yes, seafood at a steakhouse.  I'm not a big meateater, but I have to say that the seafood won out over the steaks.  Getting back to those gigantic tiger shrimp, I have to say that I was joking when I said that market price might mean 10 dollars a shrimp.  Oh yes, they were 12 dollars a pop.  I'm happy I didn't know the price beforehand, but I can still say that those gigantic monstrous shrimp provide an incredible juicy and succulent experience.  Are these shrimp on steroids?As for the atmosphere, it is very stereotypically masculine. Pretty loud with a dark wood interior.  Lots of hot tall hostesses in black leather and the girl-guy ratio is probably 1-7...maybe this is where women should go instead of bars to meet men. As for the rest of the food, I really enjoyed my swordfish. My boyfriend had raved for years about the seabass, but of course, on our trip to Montreal, they had just sold the last one.  The swordfish was great though. The steaks were pretty good, but not life-changing.  Very expensive, but good wine list.Great service, though they do tend to pay more attention to the large tables of men.  I like that they will show you your cuts of meat beforehand to show off.  It's a nice touch.  Excellent meal. I would come back next time I am in Montreal.
5	Okay, take the guy on the website with a grain of salt and you'll be fine.  Yeah, he comes off as douchy and way over-the-top but I'm pretty sure it's all tongue-in-cheek and if you are "in on the joke" rather than put-off by it you're in for a good time along with your great meal.I had the bone-in rib-eye and was very pleased with it.  Some of the fellas at my table seamed to really enjoy their oyster appetizers.  Everything we had was very tasty and the atmosphere really is all it's sold as.  You can pick out your own cut but the steaks were downstairs and my friends and I had been seated upstairs so we didn't bother.  We just said "get us the big ones pal."Go in, live the good life, and be sure and tell them Peter Rollins sent you.
5	How good can you make a steak?  I'm no carneisseur  [sic]  but Cheval probably makes one of the best steaks in Montreal.  I had the 18oz fillet, medium rare. Quite tasty and tender.  l cut it with a fork just to see if I could: LIKE BUTTER!
4	A bit overpriced, but the service is excellent and the food very good. We went a bit overboard when we ordered and walked out with leftovers (I should say, my partner went overboard while I looked on in shock). I won't list what we ate because it offends even me, but it involved a range of menu items and so I say with some certainty that you can pick whatever you want and it'll be good. However, it is a bit disappointing that it's billed as a steakhouse and the steak isn't the best you've ever had in your life (the oysters, on the other hand, were fabulous).It is a bit dark in the restaurant, giving it a very intimate atmosphere. I wouldn't come here with a huge boisterous group, but this is definitely a good date spot. My favorite part was when the sommelier came by, told us he didn't have the bottle we had ordered, and gave us a different (more expensive) bottle for the same price as the one we had ordered. Service in Montreal? I had thought this was a thing of fantasy, but obviously something has changed in the last few years.
4	Daaanks! I'll mention the only loss of points up front: in the middle of our waiter taking our order, he interrupted me mid-sentence in order to help another server with another table. Not cool - when I'm paying $$$$ for a meal, I expect to be treated with respect and courtesy, and this was simply unacceptable. He tended to the other table for a good five minutes while we sat there and watched, menus still open. Aside from that gross oversight in etiquette (and possibly adequate staffing) my experience at Queue de Cheval was excellent. This is a classic gentleman's steakhouse.The steak was delicious. I had the Lou's Cut bone-in ribeye, rare-medium-rare. Cooked perfectly, marbled and tender, this steak was worth the $52. On the side, classics: creamed spinach, French fries, mushrooms, and a cognac au-jus sauce. F*ckin scrumptious. Paired with a Brunello di Montalcino (Casanuova '04 for $165), damn that was good.Beware the wine list - they have some serious, and seriously (over?)priced bottles here, including '82 Petrus for a clean $9,900. There are, however, more accessible options starting probably in the $50 range.After the meal, enjoying a cigar and cognac in the cigar lounge? Now that was the kicker. A perfect end to a man's meal. Once again, pricey - Hennessey XO and a Bolivar ran us $100+ each, but what an experience. Sitting in an OG bar - oak, red velvet lamps, and bombshell waitresses - watching the end of a hockey game with a cigar and digestif... the way a gentleman's meal should end.All in all, I can't wait to go back. Bidding farewell to the hostess (dressed in pseudo-lingerie, of course) and departing to confront a lineup of Ferraris and Porsches; such an evening can properly inspire a man such as me to pursue greater heights - always nice to get a little intrinsic value out of an evening of masculine-delicacy indulgence, even though it can (and will) likewise inspire a man to immediately pursue additional unnamed venues, such as those I'll review next ;)
4	This restaurant was very overpriced, but the food was sensational.  Fresh oysters, perfectly prepared steak, and mouthwatering desserts left me wanting to go back the next time I am in Montreal.  We were even celebrating a birthday and the staff brought out a special cake that looked like a gourmet piece of art rather than something that was meant to be consumed. The atmosphere was very lux and inviting, as well.  Wine selection and wine knowledge by the staff was also great.Definitely the place to go if you're looking for a higher class restaurant and a good steak.  BUT, expect to pay a pretty penny for it.
4	I had the biggest steak I've ever eaten here last summer...  and it was delicious.  I just couldn't stop eating, although I knew I'd pay for it later (I couldn't eat steak again for a couple of months, but it was worth it!)  I had the 20 ounce "Lou's Cut", and it was amazing, perfectly done, a really nice steak!  We also had a lobster with the dinner, that given its weight (it was HUGE!), must have been around my age (36).  Very expensive meal, especially when you factor in wine.  Very atmospheric, in an old converted warehouse style space, close to Montreal's New Forum (home of Le Canadien), definitely recommended for "power" lunches and dinners.  I would totally go again, but I would prepare for the experience by not eating for a few days ahead of time.  Recommended!
2	I was told that this was the best steak house in Quebec a province that is home to many wonderful restaurants.  If this is the best that Montreal can do for steak, then one should probably leave the pLet's start with the positives.  The atmosphere is fantastic.  I loved the setting.Now on to the rest of the reality...The food was mediocre at best.  This is a steak house, I really expected high quality when it came to their cuts of beef.  The filet was better than average.  The New York Strip was also good.  Given the reputation of the restaurant and the prices they are charging, there is no room for less than outstanding.The real disappointment here is the wine selection.  They really need to find a new sommelier.  We love wine and had a very difficult time choosing an appropriate selection from the list.  The list is quite limited.When it comes to service, staff started off weak.  When we were first seated, we were asked if we wanted our menus in English or in French.  We chose English as my French is rather inadequate.  Our waiter seemed to have a rather indifferent attitude toward us and provided a minimum level of service.  At these prices, a higher level is expected.  As we were presented the wine list, I sensed how things were going to go and made a request to my wife that she switch to French and be less friendly to the waiter.  She switched to French, was quite frank with him about our opinion of the wine list and suddenly he was eating out of her hand and couldn't do enough for her.  He even escorted her to the washroom and held the door for her.Overall, we did enjoy the experience and the meal and we have another story to tell.  Perhaps I am spoiled from my experiences at E.B. Green's and the Buffalo Chop House and have set my expectations too high.
5	Great cut of meat. Great ambiance. Yes pricey. But perfect for a special occasion. This is what LA is missing.
4	I walked by many times and looked at the aging meat at the corner window and never came in.  Finally I decided to try it on this last trip.The place is really the in place to go for a steak in Montreal.  We had a half dozen oysters, steaks, sides, a bottle of wine shared a dessert and it all came to $330 or so with tip.  So it was expensive.Curious that there are no soup on the menu.  My medium rare fillet was a bit tough to cut.  It was pretty thick.  The mushrooms are really nice.  We had a bottle of Barbera d'Alba that cost $7o, one of of a few choices below $100.  The chocolate cakes at the end was nice.  The table close to the kitchen was a vantage point to see the cooks tending the grill, hostess seating tables, waiters working the tables.  All in all not a bad experience.p.s. Manager Adam C. sent a message after the review.  That's a man watching over his operation.
3	The setup and atmosphere of the place is really cool!! It is very upscale but I felt very relaxed and the place was not stuffy.The service was fantastic, we made reservations and were seated immediately. Our waiter was great, he was attentive, entertaining, and took time to explain everything and answer all of our questions.The food came and was pretty good, I had the ribeye medium rare, but should have ordered rare as it was a bit overdone for my personal taste. We also ordered the lobster tail which was also tasty. The sides were enormous, complimented the meat well and otherwise were unremarkable.We had heard the place was pricey and were prepared for a large bill. The ribeye, lobster tail, two sides, a dessert, and two drinks came to about $250. Even though the place was quite good, I sit on the fence as to whether it was worth that much money. I guess I would put it this way: I think the meal was well above average, but I can still think of several restaurants that will serve an above average meal at half the price. If you've never been and want a cool experience, go and enjoy, just be prepared to pay quite a bit for it at the end.
1	Where do i begin?  Well, I had set up the reservation 2 months in advance for our group of 15.  Having read the reviews, I was really looking forward to this meal, as this was one of the main events of our trip.  Now it takes a lot for a steak house to really impress me, but it takes an equally bad experience for me to absolutely regret going....and this was that experience.  They were running a little behind when we arrived, so we had a cocktail at the bar.  Every 10 minutes or so, i would check in with the hostess, who perpetually informed me it would be 2 more minutes.  After 40 patient and polite minutes on my end, I finally demanded to speak to the manager.  He could not have cared less about our wait, was quite rude, and made it clear that he didn't have time to speak with me.  Within 10 minutes, they seated us in the 2nd private room upstairs.  It was a nice gesture, but thats where the pleasantness ended.  They had two different sized round tables, which totally ruined our ability to enjoy dinner as a group. We were told there would be bread waiting for us since we were all starving.  LIE.  It took 15 minutes for the waiter to get our drink orders.  Then a few minutes later, his assistant came by and asked us for a drinks, we told him that we'd already ordered our drinks, but would like to order some appetizers.  He simply walked away from us.  They then left us for about 25 minutes while they tended to the other private party.  Apparently we were not worth their time.After an hour, we finally received our appetizers, and soon after that, got our dinner.  The steaks were ok.  Whole Foods quality beef at best, and the char on them held the flavor of the fuel(gas??) that cooked the steaks.  The ribeye simply wasn't cooked properly, as the fat was not melted enough, making the mouthfeel terribly unpleasant.  The sides came slowly after the steaks.  The "family style" fries were large enough to feed a family of 1.  And they also missed a side as well.  For dessert, many of us simply opted for a coffee.  Safe bet for a quick ending, right?  Wrong.  Half of us asked for regular coffee, the other half ordered coffee with liquor.  The regular coffees came up about 10 minutes before the other ones.  When they were brought up, the waiter goes "who ordered the regular coffee?"  Our response was simply "The ones who ordered the regular coffee".  As the Captain of a Waitstaff of a "high quality" steakhouse, how do you not know that?  Thats what you get asked in applebees.Bottom line: The food was not dreadful at best, considering the $2500 tab.  The service was probably the worst i've ever experienced at a restaurant of that caliber.  From start to finish, our experience was one i don't wish on any diner.  Their treatment of us gave the impression that they didn't care because we were Americans.  The sad part is we were all looking forward to this meal.  I don't regret trying the place, but i do regret tipping them at all.  They didn't deserve anything.  There's a difference between having an off night, and simply being bad.  There are plenty of steak houses in Montreal, so if you're gonna spend the money, DON'T GO TO QUEUE DE CHEVAL!
4	Just about everyone loved the steaks - but mine was disappointing. The Porterhouse i ordered lacked any seasoning, and had some chewy bites. But my friend's Porterhouse was melt in your mouth goodness. We also ordered sides: creamed spinach (awesome), mac n cheese (delicious), asparagus (great), mashed potatoes (nice). Some kind of chocolate dessert was also out of this world...great place, i think i just got unlucky.
2	I'd heard great things about Queue de Cheval over the years. Overall, however, I was disappointed.First off, a disclosure: I am not a huge steak person. I like it, but I don't crave it. I don't eat it often. So you might wonder what I was doing at Queue de Cheval in the first place. It was a birthday dinner, and the birthday girl chose the restaurant. But my rating is for other reasons. The service was just kind of off. For the very high price you pay here, I would have expected much better. On the positive side, we started off with a huge and succulent lobster tail. I have never seen a lobster that big. But the steak tasted fairly average - good, but my mouth wasn't watering. The broccoli was ok, but very plain. The creamed spinach was good. They have a wine list that leans very heavily on the very expensive, designed-to-impress side. However, we managed to find a very tasty, somewhat reasonably priced Italian red that we really enjoyed. But I was savouring my last glass when the server accidentally poured another table's wine in my glass (mixing the two wines together). Ok, accidents happen, and at least they apologized and brought me a new glass of wine. But the replacement wine wasn't in the same league as our original bottle and so I lamented that lost glass. All in all, for the price you pay here I think you could find better food and have a more enjoyable experience elsewhere.
2	I was just here this past weekend with a large group.  At first, the place was great.  Nice ambiance, friendly hostess and helpful waiters.  We ordered the Neptune seafood tower which consist of lobster, oysters, scallops and prawns, they were all spectacular .  We also got a few regular appetizers like mac n' cheese, Caesar salad, and dungeness crab cakes which were very good.  Their wine list was very extensive and overly priced.  So after putting in our steaks and sides orders that is when things started to go downhill.  The wait for it lasted 45mins and when it finally arrived, the quality was not there.  I ordered the Nebraskan porterhouse medium rare which I shared with a buddy and it was charred, lukewarm and overall bad.  Another guy had a strip steak that was ordered to be medium rare but came out well done.  The meat itself was definitely good quality but the preparation was not good and obviously cooked without much care.  I am very particular with my steaks and being from NYC, Queue de Cheval would not last long here.  I honestly would not recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to have a good steak dining experience.
5	The Q as we all call it here in Montreal is an institution of where men meet to share in their latest business accomplishments. The Greatest Steakhouse in Canada doesn't disappoint with Dry Aged Steaks cooked to perfection. Now some people prefer wet aged and we have another great steak house that delivers that product but when it comes to eating what the world and myself claim as the best eating steak dry aged it is and the Q does an incredible job. The appetizers with the gianormous shrimps and the famous Mamas Greek salad,that the size of feta on it justifies the price by itself are must haves. The Chilean Sea Bass is another dish that will satisfy your need for Seafood. The service under the direction of Imad is professional, courteous and above all prompt. Finish of the evening with the white chocolate cheesecake and a cigar in their lounge which by the way is one of the few establishments in Montreal that have that permission to smoke and then you understand that this is a serious Steakhouse for serious people Men or Women to have a serious Fun time while enjoying some of the benefits of success. If you are that person you owe to yourself to visit the Q with your loved ones and tell them don't worry it's on me tonight I just want to say thank you for everything you have contributed in making my life so much better.
1	Looking at this from a perspective of where the experience ranked when compared to expectations, this was the worst dining experience of my life, hands down.My guess? The place has gotten very popular and is now resting on its laurels. The steaks were bad- cooked poorly and very fatty; the sides were bad- small, some overcooked, some flavorless; the service was bad- waiting like 30-45 minutes for our reservation and then seating our large group at two separate tables despite our res which had existed for two months, forgetting dishes from our order, not remembering who ordered what, things missing from the menu, not knowledgeable about the menu or steak in general.This experience was garbage from start to finish. An utter disappointment. STAY AWAY.
2	Was here for a bachelor party about 2 months ago.  Must say I was really disappointed.  There was  a lot of hype behind this place and it's steak.  I did enjoy the ambiance with the very open cooking space but other than that it was a let down.  Service was good but not spectacular.The steak was really nothing special,  I've had better steak for much less at a variety of steakhouses.  The flavor just was not there and they mask this with a lot talk about the dry ageing etc.  The seafood was actually the highlight of the meal.  The lobster and the shrimp were very tasty but wasn't enough to raise my review.  We spent about $275/person so it was overall unsettling to leave here not satisfied.Save your money, try another place in this great city.
1	Where to start?  With my undercooked steak?  With the fact that 45 minutes after returning it to the kitchen I was advised it had been dropped on the floor?  With the fact that everyone at the table had finished their meal by then so I declined their offer to replace it? With the fact they then forgot to bring the coffe for my desert? With the fact they never bought the cream for my coffee?  With the fact I was asked how dare I complain when they were " giving" me a free desert which in reality was to compensate for not even eating a morsel of the steak I paid for? With the fact the waiters practically ignore you? I will never go back to this restaurant again.
4	Top class steakhouse
5	I can't even count the number of times I've been here.. I am lucky that I travel a lot and have eaten a number of great steaks in many steakhouses around the world.  This is by far the best in terms of food and atmosphere hands down.  If you want a GREAT streak you must try here!The Q location changed and is now Restaurant 1221, I suspect The New Q is equally amazing but I'm waiting until they are i their new perm location to try them out.
5	The best steak I've ever had in my life was here. I had the kobe filet mignon, which was the most tender steak I'd ever tried in my life. Seasoned only with sea salt and held together by string because it would've melted otherwise, I have never had a piece of meat as perfect as this one. I had the kobe at Nassau Casino a week later and the difference was like night and day, and even after the porterhouse at Peter Luger's, this was still my #1 by a damn sight.The seafood here is alright, the wine overpriced, but all that matters is the steak.
5	One of the Montreal's most well known steakhouses became the site of our most epic dinner during my friend's bachelor party weekend. In the midst of planning for the dinner, there was a tossup decision between this place and cross town rival Gibby's (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/gibbys-restaurant-montreal). The deliberation ended with Queue de Cheval for one thing: amazing service. From the phone reservation to greeting us at the door to the end of the meal, they did one heck of a job in accommodating our party of 12 hungry men.From the outside into the lobby, it's easy to see how beautiful this restaurant really is. In true steakhouse fashion, there are various cuts of meat from all parts of the world on display, something a true meat connoisseur can surely appreciate. We were able to get a spot on the second floor facing the street and the restaurant was like many other upscale steakhouses: trendy decor, well dressed patrons and wait staff, a lively ambiance just buzzing with activity. Generally speaking, the food always takes precedence in any restaurant but in places like this, service is of the utmost importance. The wait staff was quick and handled everything with ease, we almost never had to ask for anything as water was filled quickly, bread was refilled automatically, and there was never any attitude. Our main waiter was sharp, humorous, and extremely knowledgeable about virtually every item on the menu and was able to make some killer recommendations for drinks and food. We decided to pass on their appetizers, a majority of which would sully our carnivorous appetite for the one thing we came for - steak. Almost all of us were sold on the 20oz Lou's Cut ($54), which is the place's most popular steak.Along with the steak we ordered multiple sides of creamed corn ($12), truffle and parmesan fries ($7), garlic mashed potatoes ($5), along with a heaping of steak sauces: veal and truffle reduction ($6), cognac peppercorn ($6), and a cabernet sauvignon demi glace ($6) and staring at us was a hell of a meal.Everything was fantastic. The creaminess of the garlic mash, coupled by the delicious sauteed garlic spinach was melt in your mouth good. There were multiple foodgasms galore over the Lou's Cut, a hearty Colorado imported hunk of steak heaven in it's medium rare glory, juicy and went great with everything. The steak sauces weren't even all that necessary, but once added, there was no going back. Every bite was enhanced, the flavors were so rich, it was just the perfect amount of food; life was suddenly perfect.   Along with the Australian red and whites we sipped throughout the night, including 4 orders every side and a Lou's cut, the price we paid (sans the bachelor of course) was a very reasonable $82 per person. The conversation was as excellent as the food which was stellar as the service. Steakhouses might feel a tad more expensive in Montreal, mainly due to the importing of all of the meat, but when in town, this is one of the best places for steak period.Here's a parting thought for everyone: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/Ek4sVcvmACWp8P1yizjwZg?select=NCkeuXRvI3XEOftyy2x7EQ
2	Food was above average (cream of corn was excellent) but the service at the bar was pretty subpar.  Definitely not the same level of service as is given at the tables. 25+ minutes for a ceasar salad, and the place wasn't even busy.  So, I'd recommend this place, but don't sit at the bar.
3	This place is not that great as it told like. We were told this was the best steak house in the town by the Shearton guy.FOOD: they have all kinds of steak, T-BONE, Alberta beef etc. Me and my girlfriend chose the most expensive ones in the store since it was my birthday. However, the food was really not that good. It would say it so so, because the meat itself if really good, cuz of the source, and the part from the cow, but I dont really think the cheif knows how to cook it well !Service:3/5, not bad, but in the middle.PRICE: Cost us $800 includ tips. I dont even remember we ordered app or dessert, so this is just two main course of beef itself.ENVIORMENT: not bad, very antique old fashion,i can taste the Montreal style.
5	Went here on April 25, 2011 while on tour, and had one of the best steaks I have ever had which was the 14 oz. 'Baseball Cut' Filet Mignon. I also had the lobster cakes which were pretty good too. I was on Psychedelic mushrooms so the whole experience was kinda out of this world sitting on the 2nd level with my touring mates. :)
4	IF you have to have steak, do it here. This place ticks all the right boxes and is popular for a reason.The decor is very busy - a sweeping two-story layout with wood panels, paintings with huge elaborate framings everywhere, and display cases with aged beef and wine all over the place. There's so much visually going on here it's like being in the attic of a an art-dealer/hoarder, and I mean that in a good way. The food is excellent - just about anything you order will taste fantastic and they obviously take extreme care with steak preparation and presentation. The waitstaff are professional and well-informed. The only thing to watch for in here is the mobs of businessmen doing power lunches and 5-7 meetings - it can get totally corporate in there, and I mean navy suits and garish Breitling Navitimers galore, although most Americans will probably feel at home in this type of steakhouse. Overall, highly recommended.
3	Queue de cheval has great steaks, but although being a great restaurant, i cant give it more than 3 stars for the fact that the servers are really pushing for you to buy a bottle of wine to rack up a bill. Sometimes i feel like they expect a bill for two to be 400$ (i.e. more tip for waiter).  For that reason only, i cant give it more stars.
1	This used to be our resturant of choice when we were in Montreal. It was the steak house we compared ALL OTHERS TO! Well......... NOT ANY MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!My daughter invited us to join her and her fiancee for dinner there last week. It was her  surprise 30Th Birthday gift for him! They ordered the porterhouse steak Medium rare. The fillet side was well done, they told our server and his response was to " hurry and take the steak off the warming pan before the rest of it over cooked" REALLY? You pay  over 100$ for a steak, and you have to hurry and take it off the serving platter so it doesn't completely over cook?Secondly, we usually order 3 sides.This time we did as well, we got the garlic spinach, asparagus, and mashed potatoes. There was hardly enough for the 4of us! The sides used to be huge, not they are SMALL!!!!!!! I ordered the petite fillet, it came back rare...... when I ordered it medium rare. My husbands steak was also way under cooked ( he got the bone in fillet).They brought it back...... the outside tasted of propane, and the inside was still cold red. I didn't eat it.The maitre D treated me like I was crazy for not liking it.Their attitude was terrible. Our server felt badly and bought us some port wine to enjoy. Our desserts were nothing to write home about either.As I said earlier, this used to be a place we looked forward to going to! NEVER AGAIN!!!!I wouldn't advise going here.... it's not what it used to be!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The dinner cost about 500$ and we should have just thrown it out the window!
1	Quelle dommage... as the French would say.  Like watching a gorgeous souffle collapse before your eyes, this was the experience at Queue De Cheval.   Brace yourselves.A business partner in Montreal wanted to take some colleagues and me to dinner after a particularly successful event we co-sponsored.  He was quite proud to take us to this steakhouse proclaiming it to be the best steak in the city.  We walked in hungry and wide-eyed, the smell of the cigar bar pleasantly (really) entering the lobby/butcher shop in the front of the restaurant.The first thing I took note of was the meat case that sold filet mignon for $79/lb.  Outback steakhouse this is not.We were seated upstairs.  The restaurant seemed relatively empty for 9pm on a Friday night, so we got a very nice table by the front window overlooking the bronze horse statue (queue de cheval is French for The Horse's Tail after all).  The decor and ambiance is beautifully done.  Acres of rich woods.  'Bookcases' piled to the ceiling with wine bottles.  Artwork adorned the walls that befit the restaurant's name.  The centerpiece is a huge stainless steel funnel that encompasses the cast-iron grill on the main floor.  A spiral staircase encircles this chimney to get you to the dimly lit, warm and rustic second floor.Our pleasant waiter handed us our menus and then brought our first round of drinks.  He went on to explain the steaks on the menu like any other high end steakhouse.  They have corn fed beef from Colorado, grass fed beef from Nebraska and 'kobe' beef from Australia.  Kobe can only be from Japan, so I was a little suspicious.  He showed us several cuts of beef on a platter as well as what can only be described as a mermaid tail.  Jamaican lobster tails that were 2lbs on their own.  They also have Maine lobsters starting at 3.5lbs and going up to 6.  Price of entry for these?  $65/lb.Enjoying our beers, our garcon came back and took our orders.  The table ordered 3 Canadian filet mignons ($38) while I ordered a grass fed, bone on NY Strip ($53).  At the waiter's behest, we ordered 3 sides for the table - Asparagus, garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed mushrooms.  The sides were from $12 to $15 each.Standing on ceremony, Pablo brought us our uncooked steaks to look at, telling us they would be served to us in about 30 minutes.  Yep, they were steaks.  Thanks bro.Finally, our food arrived.  A steak on a plate, adorned with nothing but a split bulb of roasted garlic.  Nothing more.  Here is where things went horribly, horribly wrong (well, relatively - no one died).  I cut, nay, SAWED into my steak.  I was not entirely impressed with how difficult it was to get through this meat.  At first I thought it was overcooked, but it just turned out to be tough.  More shocking were when the sides arrived.  The asparagus plate held 8 small spears.  The garlic mashed came in a small cast-iron urn holding perhaps two small servings and lastly a cup of wet looking mushrooms.  I took my two allotted spears of asparagus and meager tablespoons of potatoes.  The asparagus was simply grilled.  TOO simply grilled.  Unseasoned, bland, and shockingly overcooked.  At $2 a spear, pretty ridiculous.  The potatoes were genuinely good.  The best thing on my plate.  And that's sad.  I didn't have any mushrooms as they just didn't appeal to me.  I continued to fight through my steak.  The flavor was fine having been cooked to my requested medium-rare.  However, It was woefully underseasoned and I added salt.  But overall, it was tough, gristly and disappointing.  If I were paying for the meal, I would have sent it back.  I probably would have sent this steak back at a diner.  I bit my tongue and smiled as I did not want to embarrass my host and his restaurant choice.We left after coffee and this morning, my colleagues and I had breakfast and discussed the previous night's meal.  I was glad to find I was not the only one wholly dissatisfied with their food.  I live in NY and have been to many a high end steak house there and elsewhere.  They're all better.  Hell, The Keg in Old Montreal was much better.  I can fire a much more mouth watering steak from Whole Foods in my own backyard.  Queue de Cheval seems to rest on pomp and circumstance, and sky high prices.  It lacked substance entirely.  I think some people will brainwash themselves to think they are eating amazing food just because the price is inflated.  They should rename it The Horse's Ass.  I've given them a single star.  A reasonably priced restaurant with the same quality food, I would have given two.  If you want to feel like a rock star, get a steak dinner at The Keg and then spend the money you would have squandered getting bottle service at one of the swank clubs nearby.
1	I went there on the premise of Yelp reviews, thinking we were in for a bit of a treat but I was greatly mistaken. Before we could even peruse the menu once, the server had already trotted up with the "fresh" plate, which included all of their choice cuts as well as their lobster. One word of advice guys? Keep it on ice. No one wants warm raw lobster shoved in their face before they've even had a chance to consider what they're going to have for dinner. We took a bottle of wine to start off our meal. That was the highlight. Believe it or not, our 100$ steak arrived overcooked, and when we spoke with Management, they said 'OK' and walked away. Closing the meal, I asked if we could get a cab. They said I could call it myself. After dropping some serious change for two diners, I can say I'll never step foot in there again.
4	Long time highly regarded steakhouse that lives up to all of it's expectations.  HUGE cuts of HUGE priced beef.  Dry aged, butchered, prepared, and served with perfection.  No need to feel like you're ordering French fries at a Chinese restaurant, there's so much more than just meat.  The shrimp, shellfish, filets, all top notch.  Al la carte sides - classic greatness. Here's the smile from a hot girl with a missing tooth though - the music.  What the hell were they thinking???  Given the country, you're always on guard for the random audible disturbance of the airwaves with Celine Dion, but this was even worse.  Ranging from Abba to Michael Jackson - anything but classic steakhouse.  Not that I'm expecting or even worse demanding  the "Rat Pack" with my dinner, but at least something that blends with the theme of the night.  Maybe we just didn't stay long enough, and "It's Raining Men" was going to be followed up with something from Frank, Dean, Sammy, Joey, or Pete.  One can only hope.
4	Perhaps the best steak EVER! I loved it. The service was spectacular. When I go to Montreal this is one of my go to places!
4	Before visiting Montreal I looked up a bunch of restaurants to go to and this was one of them. I looked at reviews and it was pretty much 50/50. Some good reviews along with some bad but it didn't matter because I had to see if Canada's steakhouse plays second fiddle to the U.S. as it does with so many different things.The setup of the restaurant is nice, two floors, an open grill, artwork throughout the restaurant, cigar lounge, the works. Bread- The customary bread basket was brought to the table. I sampled but was not impressed at all. I had to tell the waiter to remove it from the table because I did not want to ruin my appetite.Appetizers- There is a good selection of seafood and meat apps. The shrimp looked bigger than those at Prime 112 in Miami and that's saying alot. My friends and I decided to share the angry lobster and short rib dumplings which was something you would expect to see at a Chinese restaurant and not a steakhouse. Nevertheless it was delicious. The rib to lobster to dumpling ratio was on point. The sauce it was dipped complemented the dish very well. Steak- The restaurant imports the beef from Nebraska and Colorado. One is grass fed and the other corn fed in case you wanted to know the difference. I decided to go with the Lou's Cut 20 oz bone in rib-eye. My friend wanted to order the lamb but I made a save like Patrick Roy and told him to get steak, I should of gotten a Conn Smythe award for that save. We both ordered it medium. I don't like to give such high praise after only trying something once but it was one of the best steaks I've ever eaten. The steak was cooked perfectly, outside to inside. Pretty in pink throughout like Molly Ringwald. My other friend ordered the 18 oz bone-in-filet. I would say 12 oz of that was bone. It tasted good but it's very disappointing that so much of it was bone. In all fairness they did show us at our table the steaks that they would be cooking for us. We should have shut that down when we saw it.Sides- Wide variety of starches and vegetables. The mac and cheese is listed as an appetizer but true to the game it was ordered as a side along with the lobster mash potatoes. But ranked very high in terms of as good as it gets. The portions were sufficient for 3 people and it complemented the steaks very nicely. Desserts- The usual suspects are on the menu: molten cake, creme brulee, cheesecake, etc. The waiter brings out the dessert tray to give you an idea of what they look like. We were all pretty full so we decided to share the cheesecake which was covered with chocolate on top. It was very rich and heavy but tasted good. If I had 20 minutes to wait for the molten to bake or if the waiter gave us a heads up on the baking time it most likely would have been ordered.Overall, I give the Q 4.5 stars and that's only after 1 visit. Steak, sides, and cost rival many of the top steakhouses in the U.S.
3	Service - kickass, our server was hilarious and made good recsFood quality - steak was great but definitely not the best I've hadValue - LOL a joke, the food is great but I have had better. The seafood was actually better than the steak. We dropped $2500 for 4 bottles of wine and we each had a steak and some seafood appetizers and dessert. Would I come back? Nah, it was fun for my bro's bachelor party and it's a nice place and all but for the money we expect much higher quality food although it was tasty.
3	Its not Queue any more at this address (1221 rene-levesque) - we had some steaks and wine.. steaks were not the best.. would not go back. would love to visit a real deal queue this summer..
4	We went out to the Q last night, at it's temporary lodging of 1234 (pronounced twelve thirty-four), ready to eat slabs of beef and be manly men. Their tables were set up predominately outside the club, but we were seated at one of the two interior tables by a gorgeous hostess. We joked "let the night begin!"Let me get all talk of the "view" out of the way. This place was swarming with beautiful ladies, of a variety of ages. They walked in from outside, or came down from the upstairs bar area, chatting and always smiling. Quite a sight for any hotblooded male, and certainly boosted the energy of the night for us.Our waiter came by after we had been seated, Jackie was his name, and gave us the regular steakhouse spiel. He showed off the cuts, and informed us on how the meats are aged and yadda yadda. I have to say, this guy proved to be the defining feature of the Q experience and we received some of the best service we've ever had from this guy. He informed us early on, "I want you guys to feel at home here; This is your table. I'm gonna have guys buzzing around all night for whatever you want", and he delivered. The atmosphere was relaxed, and we all felt comfortable sitting there. Wine and water was refilled as soon as the glass was nearing empty, and we were never rushed to move onto the next course.On Waiter Jackie's recommendation, we ordered several sides for table to share and most of us got Kansas bone-in steaks. I also ordered a salmon tartar and a prosciutto & burrata plate as an entree. I should mention that I'm not a big beef eater, and so I wasn't afraid to chow down on the alternatives. For sides we got the lobster and truffle mashed potatoes, garlic mashed potatoes, a mac & cheese, and garlic sauteed spinach.The tartar was great, and I would definitely recommend you try it. It was nice and bright pink, served with a little tiny dollop of cream and a sprinkle of roe. A very refreshing little dish to wake up your tongue. The prosciutto & burrata plate was also a great choice. I was wary at first, I had never had burrata before and, having had (amazing) homemade proscuitto, had little faith in restaurant cured meats. However, I was pleasantly surprised with it. The meat was all around nice, though cut a little thick I think, and the cheese had a nice taste and consistency. Our main courses arrived, and we all dug in, having smelt the food coming all the way from the kitchen. These are some big ass steaks. Like, really thick. And big. Taste-wise, they tasted like your average steaks, nothing special and no one at the table had any serious foodgasms over the meat. A warning: our chef seemed to be on a medium-rare streak, and cooked all the steaks as such, irrelevant of how they were requested. A little disappointing. I recommend getting a sauce or butter for the steak; One at the table ordered a Cajun butter, and he looked very pleased.As for the sides, the lobster mash was a little bit of a miss for me. The lobster element was actually chunks of lobster and so it took me 2 spoonfuls of the stuff to actually get any lobster taste, and my third and fourth was lacking in lobster as well. The mac & cheese was much better, just creamy enough and with a deliciously melty top layer of cheese. Several at the table commented that the cheese used was too strong; I didn't feel that was the case. I did not try the spinach or garlic mash.We skipped desert, and split the bill (note that they do not take debit cards but do have an ATM. It has a withdrawal limit of 100$, so plan accordingly.); It came to about 100-150$ per person, which is decent. Big portions + well known place = $$$$TL;DR Go for the entrees and the women, stay for the great service; get a sauce or butter for your steak, or skip the steak for something from the seafood menu (if you dare. Jackie won't be happy).
2	This used to be a great restaurant until the brother's who owned it split. Went to the new location this week. It was awful and expensive.  My friend, who had also been to the old restaurant was of the same opinion.  Also, the downstairs turns into a club later so it gets really loud.  In addition, the place fills with cigar smoke. We had 5 drinks two appetizers and two entress (neither of which were eaten)...$350 with tip.  I would not come back here but would absolutely recommend you go to the old restaurant which is right around the corner from this but now has a different name which I do not know but your cab driver will.Service was great BTW which is why I gave it two stars.
2	The waitstaff were sincere and had great intentions, but the fundamentals of service were wrong.The restaurant has great ingredients, but they are prepared very poorly.  Bland and overcooked side dishes.  Also, I don't think they let the cuts of meat warm up long enough before cooking which led to undercooked centers and overcooked outers.  Very unfortunate because their cuts of meat pre-cooked are phenomenal.  For the prices they charge I was hoping execution to be perfect, but it was mediocre at best.
3	Went two times here. First time exquisit! Great meal delicous. Second time in new location. Food was great but Way to crowded. Was stuck inbetween two rooms and my chair was about half a foot from the waiter station. Constant traffic and waiters knocking into me every minute. Also next to bar horrible location for a table esepcially when the meal is pricey. The food and service was good though but the expierence was dimminished due to poor layout.
2	Queue de Cheval used to be one of the things that I loved about Montreal.I had been to the old location twice over the years and thought the food was average to good but that the atmosphere and decor made up for it. If I knew that they moved to a temporary location (for 6 months) I never would have gone.The food was as I remembered it, adequate, nothing great. Here are the problems we encountered:1. Our waiter was bsing his way through the menu saying things like "the tuna tartar is hand chopped" what else would it be? Bought prepackaged? He made a comment on how we didnt order the popular french fries, received fries anyway, then realized that they gave fries for free to everyone. He was trying to run up the bill. I asked him why our tuna tartar appetizer was $38 and he said that "since we were sharing it he took the liberty of making it a double portion so that everyone would be happy." I'm serious, he really said that. Anyway, you get the picture with the waiter. The other servers were good.2. The restaurant's "temporary" space is shared with a nightclub. The main doors were constantly open (during 5 degree weather) making it extremely cold in the dining room. The bathrooms are graffiti filled and disgusting. As people were leaving around us the staff would take their tables away to prepare for the transition into a nightclub. They were literally moving furniture around right next to our table. Promoters were coming in and out of the dining room to discuss problems with the manager. We asked for our coats during dinner because our dates were freezing and no one got the hint. On our way out, the place was mobbed with teens waiting on line to enter the "foam party". 3. During dinner I received an email from opentable.com stating that the restaurant's management had cancelled my reservation. LoL4. Four people, $70 bottle of wine, $600. For that money you can eat at 3 Michelin star restaurants and Queue de Cheval in no way lives up to those.Try rib and reef instead.
1	I had been to the Queue de Cheval a couple of times several years ago when they were located on Rene-Levesque, and although I never ranked it among the best steak houses I've eaten at, it was always very good.This weekend, a group of friends and I tried it again (it is temporarily located inside the tacky nightclub, 1234 on de la Montagne) and I regret to say that it was one of the WORST meals I have had in a restaurant in a very long time.If I explained everything that went wrong, this review would be 15 paragraphs, so I'll keep it as short as possible: the meals came out at different times (the last person was literally served 30 minutes before the first), the food was not good (bland, overcooked steak, dry & tasteless lobster carpaccio), the service staff was not only disorganized but arrogant, and to top it all off, they seated us next to the nightclub entrance and opened the velour curtains at 10:00 pm, at which time we were freezing from the draft, annoyed by the cheezy eurotrash, and bothered by the scantily-clad 19 year old girls shoving their way into the club.The most unbelievable part of it all was when we complained to the manager. He called the owner to ask him what to do, and the owner who passed on the following message to our table: "I don't care if they didn't like it, tell them to never come eat here again."This restaurant is NO LONGER a top-tier steakhouse. What it is now is a hugely overpriced restaurant in a nightclub with sub-par food. Horrible.
2	very expensive but very average.  The steaks are aged and decent, and the appetizer menu is vast, but you pay WAY too much money to get, well, just ok.  It's also hard to have a conversation with all the noise, which I usually dont mind at all... but for some reason it was very distracting at this particular restaurant.  Heard many good things about it and went back a second time but the bill was just as expensive and the food was just as ordinary, so I think I'll choose other places in Montreal since there are so many wonderful places to dine in this city!
5	I enjoyed the burger I had that they serve in the back of the building. It has a food truck type of feel.
3	I had been to this place years ago.  And its just as expensive as I remember!!! I was not sure if I should give 3 or 4 stars!! My wife ordered the seafood platter as an opener!! It was big and so was the cost. This is how I described it, OK and expensive while when I think of Florida where its amazing and cheap!! My wife still liked it!! I ordered the Baseball cut fillet Mignon!! I wanted it med-rare. Have of it was but the other half was well done and dry!!! Strange!!!! It was good and I enjoyed my meal and the wine. Dessert was a white chocolate cheese cake which I had a small sample and it was great!!! I am easy going but the boss was swearing his head off at the staff and was freaking out some of the customers!! He should just be careful with the F words. Does not bother  me but it did others and this is a fancy restaurant!!! For this reason 3 stars instead of 4!!!
3	So... I actually came here for the QDC burger and the restaurant for their steaks.  I didn't realize it was the same place till after I had dinner here.  Then it all made sense... QDC... Queue de Cheval.First the burger.  I tried the spicy shrimp burger.  I loved the char on the bread (I think it's like a Focaccia?) , it gives it a great smokey flavor but the bread was a little too substantial / thick.  Overwhelms the meat a little bit.  They pile on the spicy shrimp onto the burger.  The shrimps alone were awesome.  Piled on the burger, not so much. Also with the sauce from the shrimp, the burger was dripping .   i would have probably like the normal burger more.  Now for the dinner. lobster carpaccio was okay, it just needed a much better sauce.  The side dishes were okay, my favorite was the mash potatoes.  The duck fat fries were okay, a little chewy.  The steak was cooked well... good char on the outside.  Perfectly medium rare on the inside... but something was just off about it.  Lacked flavor, a little dry.  The waiter raved about the quality of the meat... but I just found it lacking.  Ambience is okay. For a nice steak house, I find the TVs distracting.  music is blasting like we're in a club.  Wish they were tone down some of that stuff.
3	This is a review for the Burger Counter at the back of the new building.It's probably the cheapest way to find out about the hype without spending a fortune.Still pricey, around $20 for a burger, fries and soft drink.I had the Mob Burger, Pepperoni, Mozzarella, spicy tomato sauce and Mushrooms.While I can tell that the ingredients are top notch, my burger tasted like pizza with some ground beef in the middle. It was not my first choice (they ran out of the MTL Burger Week Special), and was recommended by the staff.I went back the next day to see if they had the Special, they ran out. ---------------------------------------------Description below-----------------------------------------------(An incredibly delicious and unique cult burger consisting of fresh saffron hollandaise, a sunny side egg, sauteed wild mushrooms, sauteed Jumbo Bay Scallops (Butterfly), 3-4 oz medallion of Filet Mignon, bacon jam, confetti of red tobiko caviar with a drizzle of truffle oil all resting between 2 artisan bread buns, $14.99)I would go back and try whatever else burgers they have, but that QDC burger is a must, the guy said they might bring it back on the regular menu. Skip the fries, they are ok, but not sensational and not worth $3.50.Service is ok, they had just re-opened but already were strumming along.There's not much of a seating area and you're gonna be eating sitting on a bench in a parking lot. Best to eat it elsewhere.
2	I had a bite of my friend's QDC Burger (from the counter in back) a few months ago after a late night of drinking and I remember it being very good. But when I went back last night, it was nothing like I remembered. The meat itself was not very well seasoned (it was good beef, but that's all it tasted like). The bun was also over-toasted, making it quite hard on the outer shell. But the worst part was at one point while waiting for our burgers, someone from inside the restaurant (maybe 25-30, wearing a suit) came to hang out with the cooks, and was eating fries out of the basket without gloves, dipping them directly in the poutine gravy...didn't see if he double-dipped but it still seemed very unsanitary!
1	Really disappointing....My wife and I visited this restaurant because we both wanted to treat ourselves to a nice steak and felt we couldn't go wrong at a "fancy" place.  This place tries to be a Capital Grille or Mortons but does not come close in my opinion.  My Beefeater had floating chunks of blue cheese in it from the poorly stuffed blue cheese olives and the waiter was extremely annoyed that I sent it back.  He seemed to have an attitude the entire time actually...The filet I ordered medium rare was a flavorless medium.  I had a MUCH better steak at Firegrill that day for a fraction of the price.  The steaks were also not fired on time, we waited an additional 20 minutes and would have assumed the manager would comp a round of drinks but never even came over.The poor guy in the red jacket who was running around trying to attend to everyone was seen getting scolded by the waiter in front of everyone which was embarrassing.  This place really is not worth the price.  We paid $200...What a mistake.
