4	Okay, after barfing all over my shirt following the Yelp event (I drank WAY to much!) I decided that mama needed a new shirt. I'm always impressed how service is just all over the place here. Sometimes it friendly and attentive while other times its some punk with his pants below his ass. Why do punk kids where their pants like that? Is it for easy access to their 'back door'? Yuck!Today, good service and great selection! Moma didn't find a shirt tho I can never leave here without getting a few new pairs of CK undies off the clearance table. Yes, I shop clearance and am proud of it!!
4	This is one of my favorite Macy's on the planet. This is always a mandatory drunk-shopping spot with Brian and Forest. It seems that every time I go there everything in the store is marked down to a dollar. This trip was no exception...Forest found an amazing T-shirt and really awesome shorts which were both on sale. When he took them to the register it turned out that they were marked down another 50%. The cashier pointed out that he saved more than he spent. I started postulating that if we kept shopping we could actually eventually make money...I think she believed me. Going with my theory we shopped on. I found the most amazing and sexy pair of shoes by famous American designer and Project Runway judge Michael Kors. They have high heels, laces and lucite...sssssexy! Of course, they were on sale. I was trying to rationalize spending that much money (even on sale they were pricey) on shoes...took about 2 minutes. When I went to pay for them, oh yes, another 50% off. We made more money! If we keep shopping at Macy's we are going to become kazillionaires!
1	Just when you thought you were clinging precipitously to the bottom rung on the social ladder, you drop in to the men's shoe department at macy's because your shoe blew up in public and find that there is, indeed, someone (well) below you on life's cruel hierarchy.enter "d" (I think, but you'll recognize him by the fact that he looks like): a native american clark griswold, except six notches more clueless-looking.  Poor guy.  About me: I really don't have much patience for dumb people, no offense.  So when someone has been dealt such a pitiful hand in the intellect category that I actually feel sorry for them despite their idiocy, that person truly has it rough.  Now my wife, on the other hand, she wanted to slit this guy's throat.  I only pity you all for not knowing her well enough to know just how comical and dire that is.So my shoe blew up in a particularly embarrassing fashion as I was leaving work today.  We went to Macy's because I had a gift card.  Usually the department store men's shoe section is exactly the place you go when you're looking for a rancid smattering of riff-raff and retreads (no offense), and "d" fit the bill here with his black levi's and black t-shirt for a work uniform.  so there's a sale and i ask if they have this one shoe size in a 13 (yes, it's *huge*).  clark comes back and says no, they don't, but they do have it in an 8.5 or 9.5.  Great, I'll take a pair for my invisible midget friend here.  Meanwhile, some young michael jackson knockoff comes in and asks "d" if he can show him how to tie a tie.  not shitting you.so i ask "d" if they have this other shoe and apparently they have it in a 12.  I ask: "do those shoes happen to run large at all?"  Him: "Um. They come in up to a size 13, we just don't have it."  Right.  I make a sufficiently pained expression and say that i will try on the size 12 just in case.Before he gets to getting me the size 12 shoe, he starts tying the tie on this waifish, pubescent kid who can only be conflicted in all the most crucial ways, including how high on one's ass pants should be worn.  My wife seethes at this, because he just stopped helping us to work on this other guy.  She wants to leave and go to another Macy's.  I opt to just pick up my next potential purchase and bang the soles together, to her immense consternation.So she goes on and walks around because she can't handle this guy's impudence.  I decide to walk over to where the blind is leading the blind and leer, just to get my point across.  It ultimately works.  I get my shoes.  That's most of the story.Except that while I was paying, "d" asked if I was thinking of upgrading my wardrobe anytime soon.  Humility, to be sure.(Wife: "I was kind of angry.  He just kind of left us there and started helping someone else, like we were nothing."  As you can see, she is worked up.)
1	Absolutely the WORST customer service experience, on multiple occasions. I thought after the 1st time, maybe it was that person or that department. Nope. just went in for my 5th time since moving from Chandler to Down Town Phx. I WILL not be back. ever. period. This location is Terrible. Ive never written a bad yelp review, until now; nearly 12 hours after going and im still PO'd. I'll save the extremly long review because this macys doesnt deserve the time of day, nor anyones hard earned Money. Go to Biltmore or Chandler Mall instead; or Nordstroms. At least they understand our money keeps them employed.
1	Although this experience in the furniture department stared back in the beginning of December the saga has not ended as of yet.  It began when I decided on two bedroom furniture pieces that I decided to order because of a sale.  Note, I've never had an issue with any past orders.  We split the order, as I paid for one piece with my credit card, and the other with cash.  One piece was stated that it was in stock ,and the other would need to be ordered.  I received a call that the orders were ready for delivery about six weeks later.  Because of a move, I ended up I rescheduled the delivery to my new place.  This is where it goes down hill fast on a sled--yikes.  I had a move in scheduled on Saturday to my new place by 9am.  Two days before the delivery I receive information the window is from 815-1015am.  I called customer service to see if I could be moved down the delivery window, as I would not be able to have access to the new place until 9am.  I was told no I would have to reschedule.  This cost me an additional days rent as I did not want to reschedule.  So Saturday morning arrives.  The delivery men were friendly, and told me I needed to take a look at the items.  Multiple issues--one piece was a different color than the other.  The item that was the correct color had been damaged in shipping and also had a factory defect in it.  So the delivery men told me that Macys would call me.  Me thinks not- as this delivery experience was leaving a terrible taste in my mouth.  I showed up at the store next day asking for a department manager.  I then had a useless associate say she could try to help, and then when I described what had taken place she stated she could not.  I went to another store to look at other pieces, as I figured it could only go further south.  I found something at Z Gallerie and then went back to Macys to talk with the department manager.  I was told if I wanted a new shipment it would be another 5 weeks, but was not offered any concessions due to their error.  I was also told I would have to wait 2 weeks for my cash refund.  I received a call from the manager that they cancelled the ordered on the 7th and my refund was processing.  I called today the 17th to customer service and was told my check was sent 02/10 from Florida.  Disgusting.  I don't think I will be doing business with Macys furniture again and if I do, it will only be on credit or debit card as my credit card was not charge for merchandise not received.  Macy's you've dissappointed me and you lost $1400 in furniture business.
1	HORRIBLE! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!I bought a $600 ring for my girlfriend and was told that resizing the ring was including in the price. When she tried to get it resized a week later, she was told it would be an extra $40. I asked to speak to a manager as I was previously told this service was built in to the cost I had paid, and I was told a manager wouldn't be on duty for another 4 days.1) What kind of department store has a manger only check in once every four days, especially considering this was a Saturday when I visited!?!2) What kind of cheapskates nickle and dime you over a resizing fee when you spend $600 on a piece of jewelry?3) What kind of idiots make you wait 30 minutes to see a mid-level manager to tel you to wait to see an upper level manager when they feel like coming in four days later?Previously, I bought all my jewelry from Barneys or Nordstrom. I have learned my lesson from buying from places like Macys, and will never make that mistake twice. TJ Maxx has better service than Macys.
4	This is a fantastic location!I am writing this review based on the Men's Wear department. Absolutely amazing. Recently, I started a new job, and it was time to get a new wardrobe. I came into some cash, so I figured why not splurge a little.I bought a suit, some slacks, and a bunch of dress shirts in this round of shopping. The remarkable note here is that the staff is VERY friendly and HELPFUL.They aren't just cashiers. They know how to properly measure you for your clothing, make recommendations on what looks good, and give you suggestions on what is properly fitted and what isn't.I nearly bought a jacket that was two sizes too big because it felt "comfortable" and it was my old size (thank God I've been working out". The new jacket size actually is WAY more flattering and I look like a G in it.Helpful tip: If the sizings work for you, buy as many of the DKNY and Calvin Klein dress shirts as you can because these designers tend to keep changing their cuts. Dear Men's Wear Department at Macy's Fashion Square: You've always got a customer in me.
2	Having spotted a $28 Dior Addict (Stiletto... a word that sounds sexy, yet dangerous... recall Fonda's Single White Female) I really wanted days ago at Sephora, I decided to check out two department store makeup counters to see if they were offering a "gift w/ purchase."  (Turned out that the "gift w/ purchase" promotion will not be offered till September.)  Macy's turned out to be my first and my last stop that day due to time constraints, the way I was treated, and the fact that the Macy's rep behind the Dior counter quoted me a lower price for the lipsticks I wanted to purchase- I was going to buy at least two ( Stiletto and Envy), and I also started looking into the $30 Rouge Dior colors and the $34 Serum Rouge selections.  Since I am not fond of returning tainted lipsticks, I proceeded to sample some of the testers using the disposable brushes they have for customers to use.  It wasn't long before a woman permanently parked herself behind and to the right of me where I could see her. Even though I greeted her a nice hello and continued to sample colors, after awhile, I felt so uncomfortable, that I decided I'd just stick to the two choices I initially made, since I can always come back if I ended up liking the products.  The original rep rang my purchases up, and the total was higher than I estimated it to be.  I asked her why, and she said that she'd looked at another product's tag when I had asked her earlier for the price.  Since it was only a few dollars, I decided I'd let it go, and left Macy's.  I returned to Sephora a few days later to restock on Clinique colors that I love.  I always buy three or more of these at a time to eventually replace the almost-new ones I have already, since the bases fall prey to Arizona's heat and break off.  (I don't have the patience, nor the time, to save these broken pieces in pots and apply them on w/ lipstick brushes.  I wish I did, for I would then have the extra cash to spend on my other hobbies of dining out and watching movies at Camelview!)  Anyhoo, I ended up buying five colors, which amounted to around $77, including tax (three for me, and two to gift Mom w/, because I like her).See Macy's?  If you didn't make me feel like I was a marked crook by sending your guard, who was ready to jump me at the slightest move, I'd have spent so much more money splurging on my favorite makeup items at your counters, rather than at other stores.  I'm not even pondering on how the rep mislead me by quoting the wrong price-- OK I will... How could she do that when I specifically gave her the product's line and color to look up?  Nevermind.  I'm making it a point to boycott this particular location.  Should I ever want to buy anything from a Macy's, I'll either go to the one in Chandler, or to another state even!  Perhaps I'll just spend my money at Dillard's and Sephora.
4	Okay, our furniture hunt has taken us to the Macy's at Scottsdale Fashion Mall. We have been trudging thru isles of leather, wood and microfiber looking for the perfect sectional. This elusive piece has been just out of reach until we found it at Macy's Scottsdale. It was in sight, just a few paces behind a couple of Italian Recliners. Our guide Randy helped us pass on a couple of sofas that didn't make the cut. Finally, we had our sofa! Wait, Randy who was the perfect guide tells us we had to wait 3 months till this prize kill would be ours. Backordered! All fun aside, Randy was a great sales person and we probably will wait the 3 months on this find. If you are looking for great furniture at very competitive prices give Macy's a try. With all the stores we visited I would say Macy's had the better selection and prices that worked for us.
4	I love finding deals.  I am a shopper after all.  I like that this store is always full of great offers for a lot of items.  I love to wear dresses and it is so easy to find a few at great prices.  I ended up buying 4 dresses last week.  They were so cute.  Customer service has always been pleasant.  Maybe because they see me there a lot, and by a lot I mean at least once a week.   Now that the twins are a little older, it seems I get more free time for one of my favorite hobbies.  Yikes, I don't think my hubby is going to like it.
3	This Macy is HUGE with multi-levels and lots of stuff, but I just did not find anything that I would purchase.  Been here several times and nothing.  I maybe just love the Biltmore's Macy's more.  ???
5	So many negative reviews!  I just recently moved and got a raise so I went for a little spree.  Got myself a new suit and what can I say, Cynthia in the Men's Wear Department really knows how to put a tie with a shirt with a suit.  Extremely helpful and offered plenty of recommendations.  Got some new cologne, bath towels, and I was set.  Important to note that there are always great deals abound, so unless you're looking for a Hugo Boss suit at Neiman Marcus or Nordstrom this is the place to be for designer brands at a bargain!
3	This would be a 5 star for the Home dept but the other depts bring the rating down. I usually have pretty good experiences in the Home Dept at Scottsdale Fashion Square, people are very helpful and will work with you if you have coupons. However, I must say the women's/misses dept customer service is not the same. I was making a purchase of several blouses, all on clearance and a very good prices only to have one of the blouses ring up as zero - it was no longer a stocked item so the price was not registering. When I asked the sales clerk what was up she responded that she would fix it so the sale and clearance price would be applied. She ended up taking another item that was $6 dollars more and ringing it up 2x saying that after the extra % off if would be cheaper??? I don't think so, she started tell me that she was doing me a favor and I really was gettting a deal. My biggest pet peeve is how can anyone in retail not know simple percentages i.e. 10%, 20% 25% etc? I ended up walking out and sadly have not returned since then.Biltmore Fashion Square has fabulous clearance as well but I can honestly say their staff is not helpful at all. And since the Biltmore is a Dog mall, they allow snippy women with their snippy spoiled dogs run around and bark and snap at children.
4	Macy's is a store that I really love. There is something about this one that is not quite there though. We came in to get my boyfriend some dress shirts.Looking for white Dress shirts and ones not made in China.We had first gone to Nordstrom. I was shocked to see that almost every Man's Dress shirt in Nordstrom's was made in China.So to Macy's next. This Macy's is located in the Scottsdale fashion square Mall.We found a very lovely woman who was willing to help us in the Men's Dept.She found us 2 very nice shirts. Both exactly what we were looking for and the other thing is they were both on Sale!What more could you ask for . We were both very happy. It was a good day.
5	Love that it's open till midnight for last-minute shoppers like me.
4	good prices and location
1	I'm so unbelievably annoyed with Macy's. Particularly this Macy's and the absolute lack of knowledge by their sales people. You would think people dealing in fine jewelry would know what the F they're talking about. My mom bought me these diamond hoop earrings for Xmas and I took them to exchange for a pair of diamond earrings. The sales lady was nice (kinda pressured me..but in a nice way..she dealt with all my going back and forth). Ultimately, I opted for some diamond earrings that were on clearance (they were still $400 so it's not like I'm not droppin bills). The lady convinces me to buy the extended warranty specifically saying that it covers my earrings being converted into screwbacks - a necessity for earrings. So I finally said okay. I told her I'd bring them back to get them done since I wanted to wear them on New Years and my bday. So I take them in last week and the ladies working the counter were nice enough to help me out. I'm pretty sure she even confirmed that my earrings would be taken care of FREE of charge since I already purchased the extended warranty. Fast forward to today. Joyce calls me (I'm not sure if she's the one who took my earrings when I came in to get them serviced) to tell me she has an estimate. What?  Estimate for what? My earrings?!?!?! Well apparently Macys will only cover the screwbacks if the earrings are over $1,500. Why the F didn't anyone tell me that before? So no. I don't want to pay $130 for my earrings to be serviced. I'm sure I can find somewhere far less expensive to get them done. Oh wait, so now I'm not going to have my earrings back for another week. FUCKING A. I'm beyond irritated. Macys has been steadily declining over the years and this has just been the icing on the cake. This is why I will always shop at Nordstrom. Their customer service is far beyond any other major retailer. Macys can keep their stupid sales and their stupid customer service. I'm over it.
2	My issue is not with the store itself, it's mostly the associates who work in the cosmetics and fragrance section. I appreciate good customer service, don't get me wrong--It's just that I can't tolerate being there for more than 5 minutes since I will inevitably be approached at least 2-3 times by different associates. Also, it seems as if they get annoyed when you take a little longer to make a purchasing decision. I don't typically shop at Macy's-it's not really my thing but I do love high end makeup and fragrances. Unfortunately, I won't be returning here due to the overbearing sales associates.
5	Compared to other Macy's, this one is super fancy and has a great selection of clothing.
5	I love the Clinque counter at this Macy's!  The selection is wonderful and the customer service is A+   I go to this location frequently for make overs, they have some talented people (I go to Hannah and she always make me beautiful and makes give me helpful make up tips!).  Best Clinque I've ever been too!
4	This is our go to shopping location for clothes, shoes and housewares although we rarely, if ever buy anything that is NOT on sale. If you play your (discount) cards right, you can walk out of here with literally hundreds of dollars of savings.  Between Macy's rewards (earned in $25 increments) and regular periodic discounts up to 20% just for using you Macy's charge card, it's almost impossible to pay full price for anything.  We have purchased lots of clothes for the entire family from dress suits to bathing suits, lots of women's shoes and a fair amount of stuff for our home.  I we purchased a heavy and stylish set of flatware service for 12 recently and got it for around $30 . . . cheaper than Walmart but way better quality and looks.  This isn't the biggest Macy's around . . . the one at The Biltmore Center may be larger and it's a mere speck compared to their main store on 34th St. in mid-town Manhattan which is a shopping experience unlike any other.  But this location gets the job done.  If you can't find your size, simply bring the item to a sales associate who will happily check their computerize inventory to see if it is available either there or at another location.  I give Macy's overall 5 Stars.  I gave this location 4 stars because it is a bit smaller with a limited inventory but don't let that stop you from becoming a devoted and loyal Macy's shopper.
3	Smaller for a Macy's but they have plenty of good brand names to choose from and the store is clean.  Great shoe section!  They are located in a decent spot within the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall, which makes this store go up a notch despite it's smaller size.
5	Labor Day weekend my husband and I stopped into Macy's and I instantly gravitated to the women's shoe department. They were having a great sale (80% off!) and I fell in love with a pair of white sandals in the sale section. I took the lonely sandal to the register to meet its match and purchase my great find. After about ten minutes the associate came out from the back to tell me she couldn't find the other shoe. I was bummed, but she took my name and number to call me if they found it. I went home and looked up the shoe on Macy's website, but it wasn't on sale, so I decided not to buy them. Fast forward a month later to yesterday. I received a voice-mail from Hando in the shoe department and they found the missing sandal!! I went right over to Macy's to purchase the sandals. The woman at the register was the same associate that had searched for the other sandal and remembered me. They honored the 80% sale price from Labor Day and I was ecstatic! It just goes to show that Macy's shoe department has great customer service. Even when I had given up on the sandals, they kept searching!
1	Avoid this Macy's location! Was in the dressing room with my wife and daughter just minding our own business when a store employee named LESLIE came in and interrupted us with a rude condescending voice telling us that men were not allowed in the women's dressing room. Normally I'm fine with any store policy, AS LONG AS THERE IS A SIGN SO THAT I KNOW IT'S A WOMENS DRESSING ROOM! Since there was no sign, I figured it would be ok. The last thing I need is a rude employee giving us a hard time because of their lack of competence. Long story short, the wife and I left our items we were going to purchase and walked out of there. Will not be going back to Macy's.
4	I absolutely LOVE shopping at Macy's when I'm in the US!  They have a great selection of brands, and I always seem to be able to find a good deal.  For women, they carry designer labels like Michael Kors, Calvin Klein, INC, Rachel Roy, Paige and more.  A fantastic place to shop for home goods and formal dresses as well.  Comparing them to a department store like The Bay in Canada, they definitely have a better size and brand selection, and overall provide excellent service.For Canadians: If you go to Customer Service or tell them at the cash register that you are visiting from out of town, they will ask you for ID and give you another 10% off!  This cannot be combined with other offers if you watch the US newspapers for coupons.
3	As far as Macy's stores go, this one was pretty average. The store was clean, but I always feel as though the sections are overcrowded. There were several staff members working, although we never spoke to any of them. Macy's does not really seem to fit my style type or my desired price point, although I'm sure there are many people that love it. They do have some clearance racks, but it's hard to justify paying clearance price there when I can get something similar that I love for cheaper at another store even at regular price.
5	This is my favorite department store. Lots of space. Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Found what I was looking for.
5	Macy's always have great sales going on. I love this particular store; especially the cosmetics department. I went in shopping for a brush-on lip gross instead of a sponge-tip application one that comes with most lip glosses. I started at Estee Lauder's counter. They didn't have one. The Estee Lauder beauty consultant walked me to another counter, introduced me to the beauty consultant, but counter didn't have the gloss. The consultant of that department walked me to the Dior counter, introduced me to the beauty consultant there...finally, I was able to get a gloss with a brush-on applicator. Talk about going above and beyond!  I went back to the Estee Lauder counter and purchased the new Pleasures Flowers fragrance just because the consultant was pleasant.
4	This is my home shopping spot everywhere from clothing to pants and to shoes.  They always offer the best price and service.  Definitely a place to check it out and they will try to price match if you bring other stores' ads to them.
4	Anything and everything you would need for fashion. I like how they are always good coupons and sales. The one in Manhattan is pretty historic, so even if you're just window shopping good place to check out.
5	I signed up for their sales texts alerts. Worst decision ever. I love macys and their epic sales. Especially accesories.
1	Have found the Christmas Day circular to be very misleading.  Came in early looking for watches.  The 50% watches that were advertised is a remarkably small group of really ugly watches.  The ad made it seem as if all fashion watches were on sale.  They didn't even have the advertised Bulova in stock.  Can you say bait and switch?!? Had more respect for Macy's before but not now.  Very disappointed in the misleading ad and sales tactics. The sales associate was willing to " honor" the ad by substituting a Seiko for the advertised Bulova.  Truly bait and switch.
