4	I've been a member of this gym since the beginning of June 2010 -First of all, I like the small size of the gym when compared to the larger ones (LVAC / 24 Hour Fitness).At the times I go that the place isn't crowded at all on the ellipticals or Treadmills.The equipment to be in good order and the patrons usually keep to themselves (as do I) and there are no weird vibes coming from them.Membership cost per month is a deal and the fact that it is down the street from me allows me to go frequently with little excuse.  The fact that you can visit any franchise in the country with your access key fob is huge bonus!The one thing I like most about this gym is the website that goes along with it!  AnytimeHealth.comThis site allows you to keep track of your activity and diet and has been a great help in allowing me to lose weight and become more healthy.I recommend this Anytime Fitness!
5	I absolutely LOVE this gym!  Anytime Fitness has a very friendly staff and always has equipment and machines available.  I enjoy the option of going in anytime I wish!  The monthly fee is reasonable, and it was so easy to sign up!  No lengthy contracts or huge up-front fees.  Very comfortable environment to work out in!  It definitely motivates me to work out when it is minutes from my home- no excuses!
1	Wow, I never thought I'd be writing a one star review about this place, but after my recent ongoing nightmare of a cancellation attempt, I feel this is what it deserves FOR NOW. I purchased a membership to this gym for myself, my mom, and boyfriend mainly due to the fact that my mom is not really into the large gym scene and it was so convenient having all the locations around town that we were allowed access to. We used the gym every now and then, and were never disappointed by our visits. But due to our own personal schedules and family concerns, our visits became less frequent, but I continued to pay monthly until our contract was over. Also, my boyfriend would sometimes still visit the facility closest to his home on the other side of town. 18 months later, the membership term was over and I paid a visit to this location to cancel my membership. The owners were not there, so I was given a cancellation form to fill out and leave for the owners when they returned. This is when the nightmare began.You would think after filling out the cancellation form, I would be contacted by the owners after they reviewed my form, but NO. Perhaps it was my fault that I assumed it would be fully taken care of, but the next billing cycle I saw another charge on my bank statement. I contacted the gym several times (many of which were unanswered phone calls), after finally being called back by one of the owners, Ronald Clifford. He explained to me that it takes x amount of days for the form to be reviewed which meant that I had to be billed for one more month before the actual cancellation take effect. OKAY, I accepted that. So again, I carried on with the assumption that it would be taken care of, but a month later, I was charged again. This time it wasn't for the three memberships, but rather one. I called the gym over, and over, and over, and over again, and after a countless amount of messages left and unanswered phone calls, the phone was finally answered by it's second owner, Heather Clifford who turned the phone over to her husband. I distinctly remember his first words, "They got you again, huh?" I explained my charges and he said he would take care of it. I called numerous times after to see whether it was taken care of, and a month later I am STILL CALLING WITH NO RESPONSE. I am unsure if the gym owners may be allotted one phone call a month or something, but it seems that each time I am calling to inquire about this problem, it takes them a month to return or answer my phone call--ONE MORE MONTH I AM CHARGED FOR MEMBERSHIP. The only explanation I received for my continuous charges came from the billing company, ABC Financial Services, who stated that the reason I was getting continuous charges was because my boyfriend frequented another location. First of all, if Anytime Fitness claims to be a gym where you, "join one gym, join them all!" that is total B.S. Because according to the billing company, the charges may be due to the fact that since my boyfriend frequented another location, they turned over his membership to that gym. Was I informed of this? NO. Was I the primary account holder and sole payer of the memberships? YES. To the owners, RONALD CLIFFORD and HEATHER CLIFFORD, I would like to discuss this matter IMMEDIATELY. By several of the reviews on Yelp, I see that I am not the only victim of financial nightmares that your business has brought upon. Your members deserve to be communicated with and assisted. *Note: I do have several positive things to say about this business, but will refrain from mentioning until my financial nightmare brought upon by this business has been solved. Yelpers, avoid being lured in by this business as you might be stuck with the burden of paying fees for all eternity.
1	HORRIBLE!!!  STAY FAR AWAY!  STAY VERY VERY FAR AWAY!This is hands down the worst gym I have ever experience. The owner is rude, disrespectful and is not only a bad business person but a terrible human being. All the other negative reviews are 100% accurate... avoid this business at all costs or you will regret your decision.
1	I received a certified mail today from RHC Desert Enterprises, LLC stating they were notified of my recent Yelp review for Anytime Fitness and have enclosed documentation for my records. In their letter they stated, "We are a little concerned as to why you are writing your review dated 3/4/2012 for a transfer that occurred 6/21/10 and a cancellation request that occurred 10/7/2011." First off, they included a supposed membership/transfer change form that was "signed" by my boyfriend that was FORGED. Forged meaning it is NOT his signature and we have an ample amount of documents spanning years that shows this. Another thing was that whoever signed and forged the document, hand-wrote the date "6/20/07" not once, but TWICE. The gym wasn't even open in 2007 neither were we contracted gym members with them in 2007. And according to the very helpful gentleman I spoke to from the Henderson location today, that gym wasn't even open in 2007. So, forgery and incorrectly dating the membership transfer/change form from the date in which they provided is now proven. On another note, in stating, "We are a little concerned as to why you are writing your review dated 3/4/2012 for a transfer that occurred 6/21/10 and a cancellation request that occurred 10/7/2011" boggles my mind. I wrote the review on that date after continuously being charged numerous times after I believed I had canceled the membership WITHOUT being notified about the transfer to begin with. Continuously being charged 5+ months after I requested the cancellation certainly explains writing the review on 3/4/2012. Also, they asked in the closure of the letter "politely to edit your review to remove personal names regarding ownership. The information you have posted is inaccurate. The club that was previously located at 11710 W. Charleston Blvd. is owned by the above listed LLC." First of all, in my hands I hold TWO business cards with both individuals I have previously mentioned with the title of "Owner" right beside their names. So, if the information I have posted is "inaccurate," it sure didn't appear that way when I signed up for the gym membership. And now that the gym is closed, I begin to wonder.READY FOR THE MOST IRONIC PART?! As I was staring at the certified mail envelope and looking at the return address as: "RHC Desert Enterprises LLC prior DBA (Anytime Fitness)" I question... WHAT ON EARTH DOES RHC STAND FOR?! Then, the lightbulb moment hits me... Ronald Heather Clifford?! Could it be?! The two "owners" I mentioned in my first Yelp review could be behind this letter I received? So I looked up the business and what do you know, Heather Clifford is listed as the registered agent of the company. Please, if you wanted to rid your name of any wrongdoing and poor business practices, then admit it--admit it and be done with it. DO NOT falsify information and accuse me of being "inaccurate."After reading this letter, I now am faced with an even bigger issue that I feel may require legal representation. Thank you Anytime Fitness and RHC Desert Enterprises, LLC. I will be in contact.
