5	Highly, highly recommend!! Don't let the beautiful, fancy cars intimidate you...let them inspire you :)I brought my Toyota in for new tires at a friend's recommendation & was very happy with the excellent service & price (way better than the big competitors, actually).Jack is an honest, genuine guy - he didn't try to up sell me or anything - he simply suggested a great tire at a great price and I appreciated that the most. He ordered them late Thurs afternoon and put them on early Fri afternoon. I watched tv on the comfy couch while I waited and left a very happy, satisfied customer. With a much smoother ride.How much better could that be??
5	After 3 visits to Discount Tire they finally discovered I had a bent rim. That's when I found this shop. It only took Jack a few hours to find the source and repair it. He also was the first guy to tell me I was missing a essential piece on all my aftermarket rims. You would have thought Discount would have known that. His shop is big, clean, and has a ton of cool cars in a showroom. There's big couch with cable and PS3 if you want to hang out. He also invited me to watch him work in the garage. I'd never seen the balancing process until then. All the equipment is state of art. Discount tire is like Friday's, high volume and friendly but they'll never remember your face and the product may or may not give you the runs. Jack's spot is like a locally owned fine dining restaurant. The product is incredible, the ambiance is perfect, and you want to support them. Wether I've got a flat or decided to roll 22's on my Jetta, I'm coming here from now on with  all my tire issues. Thanks Jack!
5	Jack and his team at ICE is the ONLY shop I trust to touch my wheels. If you have rims that you care about, take your car here. He has done several sets of tires on my BMW's. I won't let my rare BBS wheels out of my sight and Jack takes great care with special rims.
5	Jack at I.C.E. Performance has always been my go to wheel and tire expert. Jack is honest informative and educated me on what tires work with my car and asked me how I drive and how much. The hankook are awesome quiet and grip the road when I want have fun with my audi s4.  I will continue my business with Jack and my recommendations will be to ICE!!!  Jack even cleaned the inside and outside of my wheels. It further shows the quality service provided!!!
