5	Thank you, Jay and Chef Payton, for bringing Boa Bistro to East Mesa. Boa Bistro is a much welcomed and superb addition to the nonexistent food scene in Mesa. I now have three Mesa foodie spots to frequent, and Boa Bistro might be my favorite in all the Valley. Yes, Boa Bistro is very new and still in its growing stages. The staff is in training, the outdoor patio not yet complete - but, I found the atmosphere and service to be top notch. The wait-staff is very friendly, professional, and helpful. Kristen at the bar was wonderful. The decor is modern, with a large white bar, funky lighting, and a clear, walk-in wine room that boasts the impressive selection of wines. This location is smaller than the one in Tempe, but that only adds intimacy to the experience. The best part of Boa Bistro is the wood-fired oven and Chef Payton's station at the front of the restaurant. If you can, sit at the bar and you'll be able to watch Chef Payton and his very friendly sous chef, Scooter, in action. At their station they prepare the salads, roast the oven-fired entrees, slice the meats and cheeses, and even assemble the desserts. If they have a moment, they might deliver your course to your table and give you an explanation of the dish. Both Chef Payton and Jay, the owner, took the time to say hello and welcome me to their new location. They are a lot of fun.The menu is simple, highlighting the fresh, locally-sourced ingredients. There are a few familiar dishes from the Tempe location, including the mussels and the shrimp starters, the Panzanella salad and the mushroom ravioli. The rest of the menu seems new and delicious. I very much intended to have the meatball bruschetta and the gnocchi carbonara, but was seduced by the $30 menu special of the night: choice of salad to start, choice of fire-roasted trout (for 2), mussel entree, or MN meatloaf, and choice of dessert (tiramisu, brownie, or cappucino). The Panzanella salad is the perfect winter medley with marinated mushrooms and butternut squash. The trout is beautifully served as a full fish, cleanly de-boned with skin-on, cooked with almond butter and capers, and served with an arugula salad and green garlic-potato puree. Divine. The tiramisu is award-winning, with the perfect proportion of deliciously fluffy mascarpone cream to espresso-soaked ladyfingers. The entire meal was excellent and was served at a leisurely pace that is ideal for savoring every bite. The pacing of courses is something that many restaurants need to learn, and one aspect of my experience at Boa Bistro that I greatly appreciated and enjoyed. Relax and enjoy the food!Boa Bistro is a foodie paradise. Local, fresh ingredients, outstanding menu and wine list, intimate setting, and personable Chef and staff.  Drive out to Mesa and try it! You will not be disappointed.You can follow Chef Payton on Twitter (ChefP8n) and get great updates on specials and daily ingredients. Buon appetito!
4	For a first try I was very pleased.  The bread dip was excellent.   Pesto, balsamic vinagrette and olive oil.  My wife had a salad with Butter lettuce, shredded chicken and avocado.   She said it was good but not awesome.I had the red snapper special that was served over scallions, pearl onions and vegetables.   It was excellent.   Nicely browned and cooked perfectly.    I saw they had brussel sprouts as the veg special so asked for those as a side.    They were also very good served with onions bacon bits and breadcrumbs.   Good service.  It is has a nice bistro feel to it with a comfortable looking bar.   A community table in the middle of it all with smaller tables around the other wall.    An 8 person table was in the back behind the wine room.    We we went early on a Saturday and got in without a reservation.   But they turned some people  away after that.   A great addition to the East Valley where culinary blight is so common.
5	Just went to Boa Bistro/Caffe Boa today. They have an awesome outdoor seating area that is great to enjoy this wonderful weather. The Caprese panini, So cal love salad, and Voodoo penne vodka were all amazing. No, I didn't order all of them in one sitting but I did do a bit of sampling. :) I would highly recommend going because it doesn't seem to be too busy and they have a huge list of wines I'm looking forward to trying.
4	Lunch on the patio also amazing.  Can't wait for happy hour.
3	Visiting my family and friends in Mesa and had lunch at Boa Bistro.  Nice atmosphere, lovely menu and big kuddos for focusing on natural and organic produce.  This place has the potential to become a real treasure in that community. I only gave 3 stars based on the one dish that I tasted.  Will wait for feedback from my Mesa family to provide updates.Feedback on the lunch.  Had the  "Fall Panzanella 10MJ Bread, Balsamic Marinated Mushrooms, Baby Lettuce, Roasted Butternut Squash, Goat Cheese".  The combination was conceptual wonderful but it lacked dressing and seasoning.   I expected pieces of roasted butternut squash but instead it was a puree that was used as a foundation for the salad.  But this is a recipe that warrants a spot on the menu.  A nice touch was the table breads were accompanied with a tray with rich olive oil, basalmic vinegar and a serving of their pesto.  Delicous!!!.Very attentive wait staff and well designed atmosphere.  Worth a try and a place to watch for leading the way with community restaurants and natural organic foods.
3	I just had dinner at Caffe Boa Bistro in Mesa on the NE corner of Power and McDowell (in the same shopping plaza as D-Vine Wine Bistro). This is owned by the same people as the original Caffe Boa in Tempe which I ate at a while back and it was good. The Mesa location opened a couple months back and I've been meaning to check it out since I live in the area.DinnerCaffe Boa Bistro is decorated nicely, albeit a little plainly. It's modern, but not edgy. The dark wood flooring lends it a slightly warmer feel than the generic tables and chairs do. There is a large, high-top table that could probably seat 24 people that runs down the center of the restaurant that helps break up the space nicely. If you're looking for privacy, this is not the place to eat as the seating is very open and your neighbors are close by. There is a pretty small bar area and a separate table in the back of the restaurant for a private group as well. Noise levels were pretty subdued, even with a large group of people at the bar while I was there. The wine list by the glass is very nice with about 50 different ones to choose from. I really like the fact that you can choose how much you want (3, 6, or 12 oz or a full bottle). But with all that customization, I was surprised not to see any wine flights offered. Bottles seemed to be pretty close to 1.5 - 2.0x retail, which is nice. There is a modest sized reserve wine list as well with some very nice offerings, but you'll need to be ready to shell out some green for most of the choices. I had a 6 oz glass of Miner Chardonnay ($11) with my meal.The menu is an Italian format in the sense that it's split into Firsts, Seconds, and Thirds (which is really just another way of saying: apps/salads, pastas, and entrees). Apps range from $9 on up, pastas start around $14, and entrees are $12 for smaller plates (like a burger) or $25+ for a seafood or meat dish and they appear to include sides. They also give you fresh bread and a trio of items to use for dipping, which is a nice touch. We stuck with appetizers that night and here is what we ordered:    * Meatball Bruschetta - This was an odd dish. Some parts worked and some, well, just didn't. This is not a typical bruschetta. Basically there was a large piece bread, a pile of meatballs and onions, and a mound of arugula on a plate. It was not assembled in any way and the plating looked pretty haphazard. The meatballs were in a sauce I'd liken to a cross between marinara and smokey BBQ with sauteed onions mixed in. The meatballs were tasty and moist, but the bread was just OK and there was way too much of it. The arugula was kind of plain and seemed like an afterthought. Also, like the bread, there was a lot of it.      * SoCal Love - Here is a salad that has many things I like: butter lettuce, chicken, avocado, almonds, sprouts, and tomatoes topped with a champagne vinaigrette. Again, this was a hit or miss dish. The butter lettuce was perfect and there were several large, full leaves. The tomatoes and avocados were also fresh. However, the plating of this salad missed the mark. The avocado was under the base of lettuce leaves and I didn't notice it until my daughter pointed it out to me and asked why it was hidden. The chicken was chopped/shredded and piled on the bottom edge of the plate. Sadly, it was fairly dry and kind of bland. The champagne vinaigrette was pretty good, but there was not enough on the salad. SoCal may have inspired the dish, but I wasn't really feeling the love....Final TakeI had high expectations for Caffe Boa Bistro and I feel the whole experience was a little lacking. The service was fine as is the wine selection, but the food we had was just OK. Boa needs to do better if they want to keep people from defecting and going next door to D-Vine. I would eat there again and try something different, but it may be during happy hour where I can get something for a bit less cash. I want Boa to succeed as I feel they have enough of the right pieces in place to deliver a dining experience that is better than average. I guess time will tell.Overall Grade = B- (Above Average)The EV Foodie
4	Finally got around to trying Caffe Boa.  After watching Payton butcher a pig at Devoured, I really had no choice but to see what kinds of food this guy pumped out.I was impressed with the giant paper cone of french fries that I ordered an an app.  They were quite good and the sauces that came with them were out of this world.The calzone that I ordered was probably not the best advised decision I've ever made.  It was good and I enjoyed the strange flatbread that housed the innards but it just didn't give me what I was looking for in a calzone.  It was good, just a bit weird for my tastes.  That's not to say that everything inside the flatbread wasn't good - it was.  I just wouldn't order this again.The service was good and I enjoyed the patio but the strip mall feel left a lot to be desired.  I hope rent is cheap.
4	Great service, good wine, decent food...  The outdoor patio is one of the best.  Enjoyed it.
4	Been here twice and enjoyed both of our experiences. The setting is pretty urban feeling for far east Mesa--grateful for that. The wine list is pretty unusual...lots of wines and grapes you've never heard of since the owner is from...Hungary? Can't remember, but the wine selection benefits from his extensive knowledge of that region. The fried chicken--patented, no less--was really something. Spicy and brined to fall off the bone. The pasta dishes are good as well, with portions expected in a urban restaurant (don't expect Claim Jumper portions). All in all a great place to sit, savor dinner and talk. Waitstaff is on a learning curve, and you benefit, since the restaurant is new and they bend over backwards, service-wise. Highly recommended!
2	Ok I am not a Boa fan. I have been to the Tempe location and was not impressed. The menu is different in Mesa but I still was not happy. Of course who doesn't love getting 100pt at OpenTable and D'Vine was of course packed on a Friday night so I unwilling checked into Caffe Boa. The wine list is nothing impressive and there isn't many options as far as food goes. I ordered the California salad. Blah! The only part I liked was the avocado and I mean how badly can you mess up avocado, just pick up a ripe one and cut it properly! Congrats Caffe Boa, epic win on that! Other than that, overpriced and not the greatest flavor. I'll stick with waiting 30 mins for a table at D'Vine.
3	This is the PERFECT location for me and my sister to meet inbetween. and we did before she left for Ethiopia. We gave it a try, and I was stoked because I love lunch at Caffe Boa in Tempe. I was hoping Boa Bistro would have the same spark. But sadly, it was all just hmm and we left a little confused. We split the mufaletta and this salad that SOUNDED amazing but when it was put on the table we both were like 'HUH?!'It was the chicken, almond something salad. something about california maybe? It was presented very oddly and didn't look anything like i pictured it from the description. the chicken was bland and the dressing was bland. it was unexpected in a 'i wish we ordered something else' way. the mufaletta was good, but maybe we were just so bummed about the salad. it wasn't gross or anything, it just didn't sound as good as the description. everything was fresh and clean. just soooo.......flavorless. our waiter told us it was all delicious, but he is obviously a liar. or hasn't tasted the entire menu.the patio was great. and so was the tea. maybe we'll give it another shot the next time we meet for lunch and try something else.
4	A while back at Devoured, I watched Chef Payton completely butcher and reassemble a whole pig.  While slightly nauseating, it was entirely fascinating, and the entire time, Chef Payton shared his lovely sharp wit and narcissism with the audience.  I just had to see what this guy is all about and what makes him so confident.  Since we were heading out to the East Valley for some reason or another, we figured it would be a perfect time to grab lunch at Caffe Boa Bistro.They seemed to be really short staffed at the time, so I gave the lapses in service a break.  That being said, our sodas were kept refilled and the kitchen even sent out a little extra food to tide us over until our meals arrived.  I ordered the Gnocchi Carbonara.  I have a weakness for gnocchi, so as soon as I saw a mention of it, I set my menu down and was ready to order.  I guess I didn't realize that I would have to specify that I wanted the half portion despite it being lunch, because I was served, and consequently charged, for the full portion ($16).  Oh well.The gnocchi was absolutely delicious.  They were exactly what they were supposed to be, perfect little potato pillows that just melt away in your mouth.  The sauce was really great, but maybe a tad bit too heavy.  I know Carbonara is not a light sauce, but this could have been thinned out just a tad and then it would have been perfect.I'm pretty sure they do a seasonal menu here, so I would like to come back in the summer time and see what delights Chef Payton has up his sleeve the next time.
4	Four of us had a nice dinner on the patio.  It was our friends anniversary and the weather that evening was great.  Overall the food was great,  service was solid and the overall dinninig experince was good.   Didnt go inside but the interior looks nice and inviting.
4	We finally got the chance to stop by Boa Bistro yesterday for their happy hour and it turned out to be well worth it. The prices for the drinks and food are great compared to any other place with similar menus and prices: half off a glass of wine, half off appetizers, and $3.00 off specialty martinis. Like a lot of places with fancy martinis, it wasn't quite strong enough for me, but it tasted good and the bartender was cool. The wine list is more substantial then many establishments I've seen in AZ and there are enough selections by the glass and bottle at a mid-range price to make it manageable. The food was great for the price, but at full price I could see a couple things on the menu possibly not being worth it. I definitely recommend the wood-fired flat bread no matter what! The design and decor of the place is very sleek and clean, and the wine cooler adds a nice touch. The one drawback to the place is that the seating is very close inside. It's setup well but it seems more like a big bar then a bar AND restaurant. Take advantage of the patio seating if you want some space. We even had a chance to talk with the Chef a bit since it was still slow and he came off as a great guy... very down to earth and passionate about what he does. Give the Bistro a try sometime. I don't think you will find too many places better in Mesa.
4	Mesa desperately needs places like this! We only went for happy hour, but wine was 1/2 off, certain apps were half off and the gravy covered fries were freaking amazing. So wrong, but amazing. Not really 'gravy' but more of a mushroom broth? Who cares. It was awesome and wrong all at the same time. I have a love/hate relationship with them. We also got a pasta dish that was very good. Great place to meet your friends or significant other for a Friday drink. Would like to go back and try dinner (I've had dinner at the Tempe location, not Mesa yet). Modern decor, a total breath of fresh air in chain-heavy Mesa
4	It's nice to see a place that would seem more at home in CENPHO set up shop in far East Mesa.  While the interior seemed a little too much like a strip mall Spa, the food and service were as good as what you'd see in the more metropolitan locations.I ordered the fried chicken and it was every bit as good, if not better, than the more expensive offering at Chelseas Kitchen.  Each bite got progressively better as the subtle and nuanced spices had a chance to develop.  My wife absolutely loved her SoCal salad.  A great place and a welcome addition to the area.
5	Love, this place. And the Sangria's are to die for. Sunday they have an awesome brunch and Sangria's are half off! The food is great for dinner and the bread they bring out at the begining with the dipping sauces...EVERYTHING IS GOOD!
5	I'm not going to quibble over giving this place 4-1/2 stars instead of 5. It was an all-around excellent dining experience for my wife and I, start to finish. Prior to making reservations, I checked reviews and I'm glad I paid less attention to the negatives as opposed to the positives. Including the service, handled by Chris our waiter, we could hardly find a reason not to love this place. We WILL be going back! We started by splitting the fennel salad which was light and fresh and a nice start. We also split the mussels which arrived swimming in a tasty broth accented with tarragon and lime. Very nice! Entrees: lobster ravioli and the gnocchi. Darn delectable delights and definately doable again. The ravioli was a daily special and when the bill came it smarted a tad when we saw the price but that's the only minus to an otherwise fine meal. Somehow we found room for desserts, great bread pudding, always one of my favorites and the wifes homemade "smores" which she liked as well. Once again, Chris our waiter, made the evening as good as it could be and I'm saying this in response to the few who mentioned shoddy service. On this night the entire place shined.
5	This is by far one of the best restaurants in Mesa! Service is always great. The happy hour drink menu is to die for. My favorite dish is their Gnocchi. Would recommend it to anyone!
5	It was a pleasant surprise to find that they serve local and organic foods.  I ordered the organic grass fed burger and It was great, cooked perfect, and the service was wonderful.  I don't normally order desert but when I saw they had bread pudding I said what the heck.  It was by far the best bread pudding I've ever had and I will definitely be back to have it again.
2	Spotty service, haughty attitude, and mostly food misses has brought this place down. Terrible accompanyments ruin the burrata and mozzarella. The pastas are heavy and after trying them all, there is only 1 I would ever order again. This place tries to be a foodie find but after several disappointing visits, it's time to give up.
3	We came by for lunch on a Saturday, which turned out to be brunch at the time. While I like their style and that they are trying to bring a nicer, sustainable flare to Mesa, I wish they had some more vegetarian friendly options. I was really happy with their bread and accoutrements that came pre-meal. The rustic bread was paired with hummus, olive oil and some basil aioli (my favorite). I went with the egg white scramble with arugula, mushrooms and fresh local ricotta. It came with some roasted fingerling potatoes seasoned perfectly with parsley and sea salt. The dish was small by diner standards but very good tasting and filling. My mom had their bloody mary, a thick but delicious fresh blend of horseradish and veggies. She had some sort of BLT-breakfast sandwich with pancette, a fried egg, some veg topped on an english muffin. She seemed to enjoy it. I'd be interested in coming back when I'm in town for happy hour.
4	Love the food (shrimp adriatico was yum yum)!  But I was oh-so-annoyed that no one knew how to run a Groupon. I may be taking out my frustration on this business in particular but I am growing more and more frustrated with companies that choose to do advertising with Groupon yet don't bother to teach their staff the how-to. First off, the servers didn't know how much my Groupon was worth.  Once they re-ran my total and got me the new bill I showed them my Groupon number. They let me know they are very unhappy about me not having a hard copy. Well, fellas, the coupon says "print out" OR "show on your mobile."  I was made feel like I was the wrong one but in the end i t was not me - SORRY.I am still giving 4 starts because the place is super cute, the atmosphere hip and the food - wonderful.  I will definitely be back next time I am in town.
3	Pricey but the food is very good and unique.  Had the gnocchi and it was yummy however the service was absolutely awful.  I guess maybe i'm a snob but bad service really ruins things for me.  The waiter was not helpful, took forever to get to us and our drinks were weak.  I would probably give this place a second shot but only because the food was so yummy.  Also they have a cute sectioned off room for 6-8 people.
3	I haven't been to many restaurants in east mesa, but I wasn't very impressed with this one. The service was very slow and it seemed like it was a bunch of high school kids working in the front. My server (I don't remember his name) was very blunt. We could also hear all of the employees making dirty jokes and things while we are eating. Now, I am not offended or anything, but it was just unprofessional. The food was alright. We had the short rib flat bread appetizer, which was the best thing all night and I would recommend it. I had the voodoo penne for my main dish and it tasted very strange. It wasn't spicy, it was more smokey. I didn't care for it. We also shared the bread pudding, which was just alright. For the money, I would go to a different restaurant.
5	My husband and I had an absolutely wonderful evening at Caffe Boa on Friday night.  We sat at the bar and had such fabulous service from the bartenders and a truly delicious meal.   My husband had the flatbread with short ribs which was simply a slice of heaven.   Don't miss this app!  We enjoyed it with a great Malbec which was so delicious.  We had a great pasta and finished our meal with a yummy wood fired chocolate chip cookie.Really don't miss this great restaurant - a cool space, locally owned, fresh ingreds and great food and staff.   Perfect!
3	This place is so close to being really good.I stopped in this week for lunch and sat at the bar.  The first thing I noticed was a used bar rag on the bar.  I pushed it off into the well.I ordered the fries and the fettuccini saltimbocca.  The menu said the fries were triple cooked so I thought they would be really crispy.  Not the case.The best part of the meal was the pasta.  It was simply outstanding.  Fresh made pasta, braised rabbit, pancetta in a sage cream sauce.  It was so, so, so good I'd come back again just for this dish.I know that these guys can really cook well.  I just wish they were more consistent in all the ways that make a restaurant special.
2	Groupon - why don't restaurants get that this is their chance to build a following? To get repeat business? We went for Sunday brunch with our 10 & 8 yr olds. No it's not a kids joint but our kids have eaten in some of the finest and divey joints around the country. The first thing I notice is the floor is still dirty from what could only be the night before since we were the first ones there. Then my water had floaties, coffee cup came with a bit of green stuff. The waitress with dirty looking hair really couldn't care less. I ordered the eggs with their name on it. If you put your name on it it better be good right? I could have made it better at home. It was soooooo salty and yet so boring. It came with potatoes that had to have been mass produced and frozen. Blah.My kid ordered the flat bread with short ribs (a dream for him) we asked them to leave off the fried leeks, sure! But added fresh green leeks all over. He is a kid He didn't want leeks! Fried or Fresh. I noticed everyone else was drinking maybe that's what will keep this place going because I can't recommend the food or the cleanliness.
2	Hey, Caffe Boa- thanks for making me look like a fool for recommending this spot after having been to the Tempe location on several occasions. I haven't had service this bad in ages. After sitting at our table, I finally asked someone who our waiter was, only to be told that they didn't know (?!?). Finally a girl comes over and takes our drink order. We saw her once more throughout the night- to bring us our check. We had to flag someone down to take our order, to refill our drinks, to ask for the complimentary bread that other tables seemed to sporadically receive or not receive (the excuse we were given as to why we never got bread until AFTER the entrees had arrived was that the bread was still in the oven. We were there for 40 minutes by the time the entrees had arrived...), and finally we had to flag someone down for the check. An absolute joke of an excuse for service. The food was the only thing keeping me from giving it 1 star.
3	nice small and intimate...but the menu is a bit too small and intimate.  I prefer the original with 1 "f" in tempe.  great service, but the menu just holds it back a little.  just needs a bit more meat on its bones!  good for a pre-dinner drink!
3	I heard great things about this spot, and was really looking forward to my meal here.  Unfortunately, mediocre service and inconsistent food soured my experience.The ambience was lovely, and it was the perfect night for a meal on the patio.  However, our server was so slow and uninvolved.  It took at least fifteen minutes to get my first drink and then over half an hour for the appetizer.  Also, it looked like he had never opened a bottle of wine table-side... nothing I would deduct stars for, but it was still pretty amusing.My food was mediocre at best.  I had the fettucine, which looked interesting because it contained duck, crispy pancetta and a sage cream sauce... however, it was bland and tasteless.  I found myself digging for pancetta to get a little flavor.  The bruscetta was uninteresting, as well.  My dining partner's braised lamb lasagna dish looked and smelled delicious, and I found myself wishing I had selected a different entree.  I can see that Caffe Boa has a nice atmosphere, is located in an environment where there are very few options for more upscale dining, and has potential. I just wish the food and service had been more consistent.
4	Being disappointed with d vine the last few times we decided to give cafe boa a whirl we sat at the bar due to supposedly no tables available when we chose a couple of seats to sit at, the bar tender immediately asked us to take two other seats next to another couple being he had other reservations coming for the bar  which was a little white lye because he said that to all the bar customers ...his way of controlling his domain to me he was a little arrogant and a show off to his new young girl employ we ordered the cheese and meat platter with four different options the big push was that every thing was made in house although he was pushing the prosciutto which I said oh you do that in house he said no they get it out of Idaho :/ oh but then mr cocky was wrong then we finally found out it was from Parma  ok good but i have had this 1000000 times he also was talking  how fab the cheese port salute was and we should try it ......ok kid this is not my first dinner out port salute trader joes yes it is good but I have had it as well as I sucked my martinis he did become more tolerable  we did end up with the in house made chorizo a couple of nice cheeses and yes in house pate which was very good we split a beat salad the mussels  I also ordered the open face lasagna but by the time it got to us I was full so we ended bringing it home I will say by the end of the night we had an enjoyable experience and I got use to mr cocky who all and all was a good  wait/bartender
4	I've been here a couple times and from reading other reviews, I must have come on a good night!  Both times I was here we sat on the patio and really enjoyed the atmosphere.  They have a large rock pit? in the middle that they light when it's cold for heat.  I really love the mussels in the white sauce here and last time I also had the spinach salad.  It was delicious!  Fresh and served with the perfect amount of bacon vinaigrette.The service is good, nothing special - but what is with the waitresses wearing flip flops?  I just don't see how that is sanitary especially if they're walking in the kitchen.  Overall it was good and I'm sure I'll be back.  I keep meaning to come for happy hour when they have 1/2 price appetizers!  A bowl of mussels and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc is all I need for an inexpensive and tasty dinner.
4	Came here last Friday with my parents to use a GroupOn I had gotten recently, but I have been here a couple times before this. I really like this place. It's one of a few great restaurants in Mesa and it has a great atmosphere. The Happy Hour is such an amazing deal for a ton of food. It's not one of those happy hours where they cut the portions in half. The GroupOn I was using didn't work for Happy Hour menu's and I had to make a reservation in advance and let them know I was using it, but that wasn't a hassle. The food was superb. I split the SoCal Love as an appetizer. This salad is so refreshing with the champaigne vinagrette and the chick is nice and light with butter lettuce. The avocado, tomotoes and roasted almonds just add to it's greatness. My dad got the garlic fries - they are great but be prepared for some stinky breath because boy are they garlicy. For dinner I had the Scallops which were cooked perfectly and had an amazing sauce and parsnip puree. My dad got the paella which was pretty spicy but had great flavors and my mother got the chicken which was good. The service was so-so. It took awhile for our water to get our drinks and he was sometimes forgetful, but for the most part the service wasn't bad.
3	Tried this place after buying a groupon-like certificate.  Went on a Sunday night and it was pretty dead...2 other couples on the patio with us, and another couple inside.  We sat for about 5 minutes, and just as my boyfriend was heading inside to see if we were ever going to get a server, our waiter came out with water.  I think he was new because he sat our water down and then asked us "hey, do you guys know what you want to eat?"  in the most un-professional way I've ever heard.  It was very strange.We had the bruschetta, which was good, but I thought it was a bit small.  My boyfriend had the Voodoo Penne, which he said was very tasty.  I had the Scallops which were amazing!All in all, a decent place, but not sure if we'd go back without a coupon.
5	Great Slovenian wines with fabulous appetizers- all at half price from 3-6.  Best happy hour on the planet!
5	Exactly what Mesa needed!  It was a very nice surprise to find this gem in N/E Mesa!  Usually when we were looking for a fine dining experience in a stylish, modern, elegant setting, we...as a lot of people would look to Scottsdale.  I had read about Cafe Boa Bistro in an article "Phoenix's Best New Restaurants", and was interested in trying it, not only for its close proximity to my home, but because they support our local economy by using mostly local ingredients...I love that!  So we decided to try it, and fell in love!  Everything we ordered was done to perfection!  Quality, presentation, quantity, and atmosphere...this place has it all!  We went earlier in the evening with our daughter, then after dinner, we dropped her off at the sitters and returned for drinks at the bar.  Its a great place if you are looking for a modern twist of sophistication, without having to deal with the Scottsdale scene, crowds, and attitude.  The food is amazing and not you typical Mesa chain Italian restaurant!  Again, this is a place with a modern flair, and the food reflects that as well...so come expecting a new experience in Italian cuisine!
