4	Who's not a fan of Bebe?  I know for sure that I am.  I shop at this location several times a year.  In fact, the dress(blue) I'm wearing in my profile picture is a dress that I picked up from this Bebe store.What I like most about shopping here is that I can always find something kinda trendy, kinda sexy and hot in this store.  I've always found that the sales associates were on point with suggesting a dress that suits my curves.   When I think, "uhm no, I dont' think I need a smaller size in that."  They say, "yeah, you do".  And they've been right.  When I think, "uhm no, that color is not right for me," they've been correct and on the money.  All of the sales people that I've worked with in that store have been RIGHT on the money when it comes to suggesting the size, colors and accessories to me.  The only person complaining about my affection for this Bebe location benefits from it.My only issue with that store is, I love Bebe shoes.  I order them online quite often.  This store rarely has a shoe I'd like to at least check out in person at the store.  I suppose their money maker is the clothes, and they just don't carry all the current stock of shoes.Trust me, if you're looking for a date night outfit or just a trendy outfit to wear to the gym, the ladies in this store will help.
3	I went to return a pair of pants and ended up buying a few items in a great sale. Cute clothes that are uually a bit over priced but you can sometimes catch great sales.  The girls were kind of rude. If I didnt get a good deal I wouldnt have bothered dealing with the lack of help
3	The store has come up in there quality of fashion and designs. The clothing is made with much better material. Defiantly runway fashions to night out on the town. There is a small section in the back with some workout wear. Very minimal jewelry rack. A nice variety of shoes.The issue with this store is service. This has been the perfect store for me to find a last minute dress but trying to get any help is impossible. The staff loves to chat with each other verses making customers priority. I have numerous times let myself into the dressing room after helping myself. Today was so bad I had to knock on the employee only door to get help. Since two of the staff members were chatting personal talk while a dressing room of customers helped themselves. There was one employee who was actually working the register who was busy. Great stuff for a night out but don't plan on getting help at this location.
