1	There was an extensive variety of baked goods wrapped in plastic wrap sitting on tables, but there was not way to tell how fresh they were.  We opted for sharing a flan from the dessert case.  It was neither light nor tasty.
3	Fun stuff.  The husband loves the cream buns.  We have a flan bread that was tasty, but a strange texture.  Nice spot to check out for some culinary exploration.
3	The Chinese pastries I bought were good, if unremarkable.  I tried a grean bean bun and a melon bun.  There were some beautiful things in the glass case, but I couldn't figure out how to get them home on the bus without demolishing them.
1	The pastries were horrid and the bitch of an owner was even worse.  We got the raspberry mousse with "mascarpone" cheese, hazelnut & pistachio nougat, and some other mediocre crap.  Mascarpone my ass, more like shitty whipped cream or something.  The mousse also tasted like cough medicine and the nougat tasted like cheap grocery store honey and almonds.  Not to mention that the mousse was $4.50!The owner accused my friend of leaving a used toothpick on one of the display tables during a prior visit.  What the hell kind of a retard would say that to a customer?  This time she rolled out her eyes when I took out some loose change (only about $2.00 worth), we bought $12 worth of pastries.  Not only that, she only took the quarters and returned the pennies.  I had to stop my friend from cussing her out.  Avoid this place like the plague.  If you're looking for good pastries, do yourself a favor and head a little bit west to Lelysee on Decatur and Jones, it's in the 168 shopping center complex.  I think they changed owners there and it's not quite as good as it used to be, but it's still infinitely better than this shithole.
1	An update:The cake inside was surprisingly good, BUT the icing was Horrible. It was like dried up toothpaste hard not the light delicious whip cream I asked for. I thought the big 6 balls of icing had fruit inside of it but no it was a tease... it was just to make the top look more fuller so they didn't have to add more fruits.. Cheap place!!!   I still wouldn't Ever go here.
3	The whole time I was in there (about a good 10-15 minutes), the girl behind the counter was screaming on the phone, threatening whoever on the other end of the line to tell something to someone...very unprofessional to say the least (especially with customers in the store)!!Moving on to the offerings there; I was pleasantly surprised that I found something I haven't been able to find for a long time in other Asian bakery: Mochi Bun, my fav (rubs belly)! And it actually tasted good!  Its soft to the touch, has a delicately sweet outter layer.  The inside of the bun is consist of a layer soft yeast bread wrap around a layer of chewy mochi, and the mochi is wrap around sweet asuki bean paste center. Yum-O!I also tried their Tapioca bun, which is an unsweeten chewy mochi-like bun with black sesame seeds.  Not too bad =)The selection there is smaller than I expected, but the quality they offer is A-OK.  I didnt try any of the fancy cakes behind the glass, and surely will do an update when I do. When I paid for my purchase, the screaming girl rang me up.  Of course she had a stank face =)
1	If I may give this bakery a rating it will be the lowest of the lowest. This bakery do not deserve to have customers for the bad service that we received here. My partner and I went in here to buy some pastries and I noticed they were also selling non fat yogurt smoothie and asked the low life cashier that is supposed to be the owners daughter what kind of flavors they have. She did not answer me and instead turned the sign of the non fat yogurt backwards so no one can see it. She was ringing up the items we bought and was banging the keys of the register. We asked her if there was a problem and she was not responding. We thought she did not know how to speak English. Boy were we wrong. We asked her again then she replied I'm not being rude you are the one that is being rude. We then said we don't want to buy this anymore...she said that's good we don't want your business and then threw us $11 in paper bills. Then said never mind..give me your card and I will credit to you. She was making faces and I said stop making faces then she said to me what your face isn't that nice too. She was mumbling...saying stupid gay...that is when I blew up. I called her a f...ng bitch she called me f..ng bitch as well. I called her a...hole...she called me the same thing..My partner asked her name and she told her to get out of the store if she doesn't leave she will call the cops. We have never been insulted by a business as a paying customer anywhere in our entire life. They should just close their business if they are just going to insult and get personal with their customers. Boycott this place..they don't deserve our hard earned money.
3	4 stars for cake (not sure about drinks) but 1 star to service!!!!!!I think I didn't ask too many questions!I think I paid correct amount!I think I didn't bother her sleep!I think.....I think.....I think she just unhappy to work, or maybe work there!If so.... please don't work at this nice sweet bakery store, cuz you are going to make customer go away. Come on! You are losing ppl = losing money! If you are doing business, especially with services, then please be nice a little, just a little will be fine! However, I like their cakes for my breakfast....
