4	This appears to be one of the better mammogram facilities around.  We got the first basic mammogram at the Chandler Blvd location, and they called to do a "diagnostic" screening follow-up.  Everything was fine.  And this wasn't the first time.In the future we will do our best to come straight here with a diagnostic order.  They seemed to be reasonably efficient, and the staff did their best to minimize her discomfort.  Given the purpose of a visit here this went well, and was a good experience.
3	My visit was not a long one.  Front-of-the-house employees were friendly enough.  BOH employee (my technician) was friendly and efficient.  She made me feel comfortable right away, which made the session go by pretty fast, which was for the best since it was SO COLD in the room- necessary to keep the equipment from overheating. The lobby's decor (nil) and furniture (very outdated!) need a HUGE overhaul, as the waiting room was not an inviting nor comfortable space to find myself in.  Nice ambience will go a long way to help ease the nerves and thoughts of those who are visiting for other reasons besides a baseline mammography...
3	I have been to this location multiple times for biopsies and most recently for a needle localization.   99% of the staff that I've dealt with are professional and caring which is critical when you're "exposed" and dealing with what can be a very frightening time in your life. I was in the office for the needle localization just prior  to surgery which was next door at Banner Desert Hospital.  During a needle localization, a needle is used to insert a wire that marks the area to be removed during surgery.  My appt was late morning and I had no water or food in preparation for surgery.  Halfway through the procedure, I didn't feel well and indicated I felt like I might pass out.  I did pass out and it was a calamity!  The tech in the room tried to recline the chair and the chair broke and I tumbled to the floor while passing out.  The tech fell on top of me and hurt her knee to the point where she had difficulty getting up.  The radiologist, Dr. Suzanne Wong opened a side door and called for help.  A second tech was brought in, her name is Nancirae.  She was wonderful and was extremely calming, reassuring, motherly in fact.  At this point, I'm still on the floor, head spinning, feeling hot, clammy and really disoriented.  Dr. Wong returned to the room some five minutes later and said something similar to, "Let's get this done."  She was irritated and just plain cold.  The woman has the bedside manner of a fish and not an ounce of compassion.  I DO NOT RECCOMEND DR. SUZANNE WONG.  Ever.  I will not see her again.I have brought this to the attention of both the Site Manager and the Medical Director at the facitlity and I was not charged for this procedure.  I will return to this facility in January for a follow-up procedure and subsequet treatments every six months.  I have asked to have Nancirae be my tech on all procedures in the future.
