5	Dr. Tenby has been our twins doctor since they were born. I am very satisfied with the care he gives. He is also understanding to all my "could they have..." and does a great job answering our questions and explaining what is actually going on with our kids both health wise and in development. (When one gets sick... we just wait for it and in a day or two they are both sick). If you're searching for a great pediatrician, then you, in my opinion, will be comfortable in visiting Dr. Tenby.
4	I take my children to this doctor's office, They see Dr. Tenby.  I love him as their doctor. Makes you feel very comfortable and easy to talk to when you have questions or concerns and doesn't look at you like a crazy person. The office and exam rooms are always clean and the nurses are always pleasant & helpful. Especially, when I have to hold down my daughter for her shots. Great prices for office visits. Since I pay cash and have no insurance, it's a great place just in case you don't. Would recommend this office and Dr. Tenby.  And it's always very easy to get an appointment, even last minute.
5	Dr. Tenby has been there for our family for 9 years.  From premature birth, to major car accident recovery, to chronic conditions and typical childhood illness, Dr. Tenby has helped get our kids healthy with compassion and competence.  His sense of humor is also a big plus!
3	Eh... everything about the Doc is great.His nurse practitioner Bonnie, is great as well!Always positive and wanting to help, etc. Love them both!The only reason this doesn't have more stars is because of the office staff.They are always rude on the phone, they obviously don't understand how conversations work and that one-word answers come off as extremely rude.We are having our daughter's teeth worked on, called the office and got our answer. The following day someone from Tenby's office called us back, didn't believe what we said-nor that we had talked to someone from their office the day prior.They are the reason I dread going in there.....god forbid they put down their phones for 5min and be friendly and help people
2	Dr Tenby and Bonnie are great.  They are always helpful and positive. However, it is unfortunate that Centennial Pediatrics have such terrible office staff.  I had an appointment scheduled for months for my daughters 1 year well check.  I confirmed the Friday before by text and phone with the office for a Monday appointment.  When I came in for my scheduled time the office staff stated that I did not have an appointment for that day.  This is unacceptable after I lost an afternoon of work.  I will no longer be going to this pediatricians office due to the incompetence of the office staff.
