5	I have been to a lot of gyms and this one is TOP NOTCH!  Derek & Brian run a great gym and its easy to see why this place is growing so quickly. If you're thinking of joining a CrossFit gym, CrossFit480 is the only place to go!
5	The best gym that I have ever been a part of. I'm not going to spend any time talking about the great space and equipment. The box has everything you need to be a CrossFitter. The reason why I love CF480, is the people. The owners, Derek & Brian are creating a community that is as strong as it is diverse. Every person who walks through the down door is made to feel like they belong. Spend any amount of time in the box and you will never want to leave.The crossfit philosophy is based upon: constant variety, high intensity, and functional mobility.  You can learn a lot more about it online, but it is no secret that people in the military, firefighters, etc. love it.   But don't let that scare you - workouts are scalable.  And importantly (I'll mention this again) that is where the coaches and the rest of the community come into play.  A very welcoming and accepting place where all shapes and sizes of people are made to feel at ease (well, at ease even though you just did some workout that you thought was beyond your means).  I'll say to you what I said to all my friends...  Just try it!  Just go, and give it a try.  If you are reading this, and thinking about it, I am telling you, go and check it out.
5	I am constantly looking to integrate new training principles and ideas into my fitness regimen. I was introduced to crossfit a few months ago and have never looked back. the camaraderie of the people, the environment, the clock ticking, the music blasting creates a motivating and prosperous environment for physical and mental growth. The main trainer Derrick is modest, low key, positive and highly experienced with his military background and training expertise. His co owner Brian G. is a solid businessman and strong athlete as well. There are elite athletes to beginners and everyone feels welcome and at home as we are all competing against our own "clock". Don't let your time tick away any more and take advantage of this amazing workout and change of lifestyle. I look forward to seeing you at the next WOD aka the workout of the day.
5	As I was looking to diversify my workouts, a friend suggested I pick up crossfit a few months back, and specifically recommended Crossfit 480 as the place to start it up. They couldn't have been more right- from the day I started I have been hooked, and appreciated the way that Derek and Brian run their gym. Derek is an excellent instructor, truly defining what a coach is. He is constantly making sure that form is accurate and pushes everyone to a higher level of fitness. They have created a community at Crossfit 480 that is uncommon, even for crossfit. All the members are supportive and hard-working, a reflection of both Derek and Brian. If you're thinking of joining crossfit, DO IT. And if you happen to be doing so in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, try out Crossfit 480!
5	Crossfit 480 is as good as it gets.  Every coach is dedicated to helping you attain personal goals in a fun and very safe environment.  The camaraderie is apparent from the time you walk in the door and I wouldn't ever go back to another gym. This gym, the people who workout there, the coaches have changed my life.
5	Lets face it, not all CrossFit gyms are created equal and not all head coaches are created equal.  The team at CF480 is the best of the best and more importantly they care about their gym members and the community in the gym is a reflection of that.  There are a ton of CrossFit gyms to choose from in North Scottsdale, but CrossFit 480 is the the obvious choice!  Check them out for yourself and you'll see exactly what I am talking about.
5	I was looking for a Crossfit box to take my training to the next level. I searched the web for the options available, visited a few and fortunately chose CF480. That was over 18 months and something like 150+ WODs ago. I keep coming back as I have seen consistent, measurable gains in my performance and appearance. Derek and the other coaches create a welcoming environment for all levels of athletes. They really want to see you improve and reach your goals. They have special events throughout the year that keep things interesting and keep you motivated. I started out with one of their free monthly classes and have been hooked ever since.
5	I like my CrossFit like I like my women; clean, safe, and leaving me flat on my back, out of breath.There are atleast 6 CrossFit boxes within 5 minutes of my home. I drive past all of them on my way to Crossfit 480. I love their commitment to cleanliness and safety.
5	Hands down the best CrossFit gym out there! Great Coaches, fun atmosphere and a hell of a workout!
1	I was in town for the holidays looking for a box to drop in on.  I checked the website, thought this looked like a very nice facility, and saw they had a class on Thursdays at 9am - I show up, Derek, the owner, politely says "I'm sorry, we have a holiday schedule today.  Friday (tomorrow) we will be back to normal hours.  Come 2 minutes prior and fill out the waiver and you're good."  So, I decided to try again the next day, but triple-check the website to make sure there is a class at the time I'm shooting for, 5:30pm (http://crossfit480.com/schedule-pricing/).  I get there at 5:25, Derek says "we don't have a 5:30 today."  I say, "really, that's odd, because your website says you do and you told me you'd be back to the 'normal schedule' on Friday."  He says the website does NOT list that time, I suggest we look at the website, which we do, and it clearly says "Friday 5:30pm" on the Schedule page.  He says those times are not accurate, and you have to click another link below to get to the actual schedule.  So, I calmly say "that is extremely confusing, Derek, I'm here to pay you money and get a work out in -- maybe you should update that section of the website to avoid this situation again in the future."  Instead of saying, "you're right, my bad, I agree that is confusing," Derek instead has the audacity to say "well, if you think you can run a better box, feel free to open one up and give it a shot."  ARE YOU SERIOUS?  I'm trying to pay you money to utilize your gym and you snap back with that line?  DO NOT GO TO THIS GYM - DEREK HAS NO CLUE HOW TO RUN A BUSINESS OR SPEAK WITH CUSTOMERS.  Thanks to your horribly outdated website, I showed up for two separate classes and was turned away both times.
5	If you're looking for a professional, well-run Crossfit gym, Crossfit 480 is the place to go. I've been involved with Crossfit for the past 3 years and have trained at many gyms all over the country as I often travel for work. The gym itself a pretty good size inside with climbing ropes hanging from the ceilings, plus there's a lot of room to train outside with rubber mats and shade, which is cool. What really sets this gym apart is the excellent coaching. They take the time to make sure each member gets the most out of a training session. I've trained with a few of them and found every coach to be highly qualified and helpful. No egos there either, just good people working on their fitness goals. I highly recommend checking this place out.
5	Of all the Crossfit gyms I've been to, this is the cleanest, safest and most fun. The coaching is excellent and the members are friendly and fun. The gym has a great mix of competitors and people looking to improve their lives through fitness.  No judgement, no bull, just a great place to go. If you're just dropping in, or looking for a place to go regularly, I suggest 480.
5	Was in town for Spring Break and looking for a box to get in a few WODs while away from home.  After a few Google searches and checking Yelp, I thought Crossfit 480 was a good choice.  I was a little apprehensive due to a negative review on here - so I wanted to balance it out with this positive one.  I bought a 3 WOD package and enjoyed each workout.  Great programming, the people working out definitely pushed me but it wasn't over competitive - a great balance.  Lastly, Derek was a great coach and despite me just being there for a few days, watched me and even gave me some great pointers.  Thanks - I'll be back next year!
5	Dropped in 2 times while in town for a wedding and I have to say that this place is top notch all the way around. Great staff, friendly people and good programming. I would recommend this place to anyone needing to get their workout fix.
