5	Very happy! Over Christmas I used my Pfaff 2144/70 just a little too much and caused "Main Motor Block". I checked www.pfaffusa.com site and found Sew Little Time and their web address. The 2144/70 is a volatile, yet delicate, little monster, and I was a bit nervous leaving it with someone I didn't know. As soon as I walked into the shop, I could tell anyone and everyone was welcome :) Amelia is very knowledgable of embroidery, quilting, and sewing - and all the components of the machine to make each happen. David has good, solid training with the Pfaff machines. I immediately felt at ease and was A-OK with leaving my little monster. While I was there I even signed up for a sewing class that Sat. David called with updates with my machine - and I picked it up today. Mind you, this machine has been back to Ohio twice and with other "Pfaff qualified" techs before. But David has made it stitch MUCH BETTER! The machine is acting like it should! I am so very, very excited! The fee was very reasonable. The length of time for repair was very reasonable. David's and Amelia's attitudes are fabulous! Check out the shop. You'll be very happy :)
5	David & Amelia are just outstanding. My Pfaff emb machine has never worked better. This is the ONLY place I will ever take my machine.
5	Per my previous reviews of Sew Little Time anyone can tell I am a fan. This time I asked Amelia & David (owners) to professionally embroider my grandson's initials on a stiff/thick nylon duffle bag. I asked that the font and thread color match what was already on the bag -- it is perfect! And it was done lickity-split in time for mailing for Christmas. I have a home-style embroidery machine and was afraid my machine and I just weren't experienced for the nylon fabric. I am very glad I asked them to do it, and I will be back for professional embroidery -- and all the other goodies offered at their store.
5	Awesome mom and pop location for crafts. The store clerk was very helpful in finding me material for a project. I wasn't able to find vinyl but I ended buying chalk paper for my kids. I really appreciate the gentleman answering all my question. I'm not a seamstress but he was more than helpful with my redecorating project of my bar Stool chairs.
5	Sew Little Time is a great place to get you machine repaired.They specialize in Pfaff,  Husqvarna,and Viking but did a great job fixing my Bernina as well.Even though I didn't buy my machine there,they always take time to answer all my questions and show my how to use features on my Pfaff I don't quite understand .The last place I had my machine" repaired "was a joke.I will never take my sewing machines  anywhere but So Little Time.Thanks David and Amelia :)
5	Cute little shop.  The lady behind the counter helped me with my sewing machine. She was very helpful. I was excited to hear that they offer sewing classes as a 4 part series. I will definitely be coming back for the sewing classes!
5	Amelia and David are great representatives for Phaff's sewing machine.  I have been using this store since 2008.  When cleaning or repairs are done they clarify what was needed.  Recently I purchased a Performance 5.0.   I live in Pahrump,Nv which is an hour away.  Amelia has helped me by phone to educate me on my machine.  Not many can do that.  It is appreciated that sew little time will help any time you need them
5	This is the only Pfaff dealer to go to in town that treats you with respect and is super knowledgeable. Thank you for amazing quality service!
