5	I want to say hats off to Jill Oliver, Ivan Goldsmith, and the Trimcare team! I have struggled to find a weight loss solution for a very long time.....currently on the HCG program and I LOVE it!!! Quick results, no hunger, feel great! Harrison is my diet coach and he is always available any time I have a question or just need a little encouragement!
4	Dr. Oliver she's the best.
5	Everyone there is awesome! There's no better place to go from weight loss, hormones, medical and anti aging. Dr. Goldsmith is even board certified in all. I've searched for another clinic like this when they moved and believe me, there is NONE. Worth the drive.
5	No better place to go for weight loss in Las Vegas. Highly recommended if you want to lead a healthier lifestyle. Dr. Goldsmith and staff are great. Trimcare is your go-to jumpstart to overall wellness!
5	Trust Goldsmith, he's a doctor! A REAL one in the midst of all these "health spas" out there. Go to trimcare for safe, medically supervised weight loss. The programs are customized to fit YOU so there's always a better chance of success and they'll change it up if it's not working. They're encouraging but will also keep you in check! Thank you for providing the best care!
5	Trimcare is awesome ... I love this office , the staff is so wonderful .THE doctors are FANTASTIC !!
5	I'm down 20 pounds and loving it!  Adam Luckette takes awesome care of me whether its diet or health. The staff is amazing!  Give them a try!
5	This place is amazing.they do everything from botox to weight loss...great staff.dr. goldsmith is the best very caring and personable.
3	This is a very odd place... They do pretty much everything: diet supplements, allergy shots, B12 injections, even MM evaluations. I came in for an allergy shot. I filled out the paperwork, waited for awhile, went in to get my temperature, weight, and blood pressure. So far, so good. Then I was taken through what looked like a back storage area and into the examination room.  That was very odd, and didn't really add to a sense of security.I waited for quite awhile in the exam room, during which time some EDM music blared loudly outside of the door for a few minutes before someone turned it off. After some time, the medical personnel (I'm not sure of her title) came in to meet with me. She was dressed casually in jeans, a shirt, and stylish boots. Again, another surprise because I'm used to medical personnel wearing scrubs or a lab coat or something!  The consultation was fine, she asked for my symptoms, talked about the shot, asked if I needed anything else, then left.  A few more minutes passed, and a nurse came in to give me the injection.Everyone was friendly enough, it just didn't seem like the most professional type of place. But, I got what I came for, and everything took about an hour from start to finish.*side note- I see some great reviews for Trim Care... odd that they all come from people with fewer than 10 total reviews.... But, I guess you have to start somewhere!
4	I've been here twice now for my allergy shots and I honestly feel much better in a few short days. The doctors are great at assessment and creating a plan that will help you get better.
5	I am now convinced there's not another place like this one! It's a one stop shop so to speak for actual medical and health care. Anyone with a basic understanding and genuine concern for their wellness would know, you've got to have a comprehensive approach to whatever your goal may be. Losing weight can't just be about dropping pounds and looking for a particular number on the scale. Ok, now you're thin but malnourished and what have you done to your liver/kidneys?! Dr. goldsmith is a pioneer and true doctor! Addressing both the cosmetic issues and health concerns, whether it's what you want to hear or not! This place isn't for everyone, do save your time if they're going to be more concerned with your health than you are! Be wary of reviews that quibble over a few bucks...when it comes to your body and medical care....skimping seems like a good idea?! Sure, you may even be able to find a 'cheaper' place to get your pills and pushed out the door but consider certifications, experience maybe even a medical degree...because lots of these health spas out there are dangerously practicing pseudo medicine when in reality, they should probably only be trusted with cutting you hair!  So what's the REAL COST when you go undiagnosed for a condition or do real damage by not being properly medically supervised? That's too high a price for me!!
