4	As a disclaimer I will say that I know the owner and have yet to buy something here yet.  I am not posting this review to gain favor nor have I been asked to post it nor shall I get any sort of kickbacks.  This is an honest and unsolicited review of my experience so far.  Mostly I have had phone contact with the company for questions, verbal evaluations and pricing.  They've been honest, straight forward and nice.  Their warranties appear to match most major manufacturers.  (Dell Direct comes to mind.)  Pricing seems pretty much in the same ball park as well.  While they not have the same name brand power as the big guys, they have the local appeal.  Add to the fact that they can offer a bit more customization and seem largely consistent with both labor and hardware warranties compared to Dell, Compaq and others, I may well plunk down a few bucks for a new computer when I get my refund.A+ customer service and willingness to help.
2	I bought a second-hand computer from this company to use as a home theater PC. I knew that I would not be buying a new computer, or one that would function at lighting speed, but, having explained to the owner exactly what I planned to use the computer for, it should have been sufficient. I will say, that initially, I purchased a computer that did not have the proper connection, this was my error, and Mr. Dragon swapped out it out for one that did, with minimal fuss. The computer I swapped it out for, on the other hand, stutters when it plays video, takes two minutes to load a program and the internet connection runs at a snail's pace, when none of the other computers or devices in the household have that problem. When I called, I spoke to the store's tech, who was less than helpful: "what do you want us to do?", "what do you expect us to do over the phone?" (nothing, of course, just looking for some ideas, here.) When I gave him the computer's specs, he told me that it shouldn't be doing that, and that it must be spyware. I stated that I had the computer for two days, and it had been doing that since I plugged it in, and asked why it hadn't been scanned before purchase, he replied, rather nastily, that it wasn't the store's fault, everything was a clean install. The owner does offer a thirty day warranty, but it's store credit only, so all I could do is trade it in for another piece of junk. I will probably donate the computer to Goodwill, and chalk it up to a $130 mistake. Don't buy from Emerald Computer and make the same mistake I did.Follow up: I brought the computer back to Emerald, and they politely, but reluctantly, allowed me to exchange it for the same amount's worth of other merchandise. Very little fuss, and they were apologetic both about the computer and the rudeness over the phone. I would have preferred a cash refund, but I knew about the credit-only policy, so that is my own fault.
5	I have been a customer of Emerald Computers for over 10 years. Great customer service and knowledge of current technology and trends. They offer complete sales and support as well as used parts for the "Do It Yourself" users.
5	This is a top notch business!  Bought a refurbished desktop box from them - they were wonderful every step of the way! Took the time to explain to the customer ahead of me what RAM was and why he wanted it =) then helped me pick out the computer that best suited MY needs - instead of just trying to upsell me with features I won't use and don't need. I can't say enough positive things about their customer service as well -- they truly took good care of me.  I would recommend them to anyone needing a new computer or help with their existing system.
5	I contacted Dave to help me with my laptop issues. He was very Honest, Knowledgeable, and helpful. I stopped by his location and he immediately helped me and didn't charge me an arm and a leg!!! Thank you Dave my laptop is working great. :) I will continue to do business with you.
1	If I had a choice of ZERO star that's what the experience would be rated.  Unfortunately 1 was the least that could be given.  Warning to all!  Stay away.  This company will scam you if given the chance.  I made the mistake of giving a $1000 down payment to install a security system.  In nearly 3 months literally nothing was done except for trying to use their cheap cables to interface with our high quality HD system.  We had to exchange the DVR three times paying shipping every time.  Finally the manufacturer went step by step to see why it wasn't working and then isolated it to the low quality cables that Emerald computers were trying to be cheap with.  Our company has contacted the owner Jason numerous times to resolve.  He will not take any responsibility of his fault.  He kept our $1000 and there is not one camera up installed.  Furthermore he told us to look elsewhere to finish the job which is pretty much ALL the job.  He kept our money and we will most likely need to take him and his company to court to resolve.  WORD OF ADVISE - STAY AWAY!
5	I bought a used laptop here a few months ago and got a slammin deal on it. The computer was currently retailing for over twice what I paid for it. I am totally stoked at the deal I got and love the computer. The owner Jason was extremely helpful in assisting me with my decision and really knows what he is talking about with computers. I have bought some other stuff from him before and he is always favor and reasonable. I am contemplating having him install a security system on my business because I know he will do a quality job.
1	horrible!!! i gave them my laptop just to diagnose because i dropped it  and i didn't want to keep it running it just in case the fan wasn't working  or whatever. when i gave it to them the screen and everything was working. i then get a call saying oh the computer is fried and the screen don't work...  nothing works. first of all no one called and ask for my permission to take apart my computer. i asked them to just look and call with info. so they DESTROYED my com and expected me to pay. these guys ripped me off and gave me back a messed up laptop not working. don't  trust this company!!!!!!
3	They are very nice and sincere guys. They did more than help me with my problems. The only problems was that is took longer than expected.Update 25 days laterI bought a computer from them to replace my old one and it doesn't charge anymore so I'm not sure if they sold me a bad one just for me to come back???
1	this man the owner called and threaten R and B whole sale had his friend call and death threaten him for giving him a bad review this man IS EVIL!!!!!!! he didnt do the job right had to take him to court and he tells us to f off and said i will never give you your money an keeps sending death threats DO NOT EVER TRUST THIS HORRIBLE person. he has no manners at all always cussing NEVER professional  swear to god he death threaten!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have Used them now 2 times and I can tell you that they are a small shop but they have Had just what I  needed when no one else did I can tell you how happy that makes me
