4	This is a great little wine bar where the owner greets you and Charlie the dog lounges around the wine selection. There's a formal dining area for meals and a charming parlor decorated with chairs, couches and coffee tables for noshing.The amazing wine selection lets you choose from lesser-known vineyards and there's a wine for every budget. The cheese plate includes types not found in stores - and be sure to check out the cheddar, it's amazing. A great side note: if you call ahead of time, you can buy the cheese retail to take home.The menu also includes wines by the glass, 1/2 liter, or bottle and you can open any bottle they have for retail w/ a corking fee. The 1/2 liter is a great way to sample a couple of different wines for more than one person.While Backstreet Wine Salon isn't necessarily a place to dine on the cheap, it offers quality wines and cheeses for a price typical of most wine bars.
1	OK...I LOVE WINE.  And Yes, I would love some cheese with my wine...but NOT at this place.  YUCKY!  I love to try new places and thought that this place was going to be awesome.  The decor was adorable and set up like a parlor with several different rooms and an ADORABLE St. Bernard that hangs out in the "library".As we sit down eager for cheese and wine I revel in the menu so excited for what is to come.  The wine was wonderful but the cheese platter was HORRIBLE.  The cheeses were so strong that we were not able to eat any of them!  (We weren't lucky enough to get something normal like gouda or even machengo).  I then proceeded to order soup and my manfriend ordered an appetizer.  The soup came out with grease pooling at the top of the bowl...not appetizing to me.  And our appetizer (chicken of some sort) was fried and greasy as well.  We cut our losses at that point and snacked on leftovers at home.  For the price, there are LOTS of better wine bars, I would pass on this one...
4	I always like to preface these with my weaknesses...I'm in no way a wine aficionado. But I know what I like.  And I know that I loved Backstreet Wine Salon. We wanted to go somewhere different for dinner on a Friday night. It ended up being a late night cause of work and so we decided to give Backstreet a try. We called ahead to make sure we wouldn't be keeping them, they assured us it was fine and to come in. When we got there, we were super confused, eventually we found the spot tucked behind the mega strip mall in the back with a cute gated entryway. In fact, pulling up it was so much nicer than the typical strip mall, ambience, phoenician style I've become accustomed to, I was kinda worried I wasn't dressed well enough. But we decided to pop in and check it out.The place was adorable. Definitely set up like a home/parlor. The art inside was exquisite and fairly varied. I liked that they stuck with a victorian theme while incorporating some really modern elements. It's not quite victorian, european, or classic, but it's not quite not either. Worth checking out.We split a bottle of Riesling that was biodynamic (this was the first I had heard of such a thing in wine...apparently it's a certification for hyper-organic...that's ironic right?...wine). It was good, not entirely pricey, not dirt cheap either.Then we each had their mixed green salad with shrimp curry on top which I thought was excellent. Followed by the duck entree that we split. The duck was great. The sides were ok. But overall it was a great meal.It was super quiet for a late Friday night, but I loved the feel of this place. The owner came over and checked on us and explained the biodynamic wine situation to us, and just generally tried to make us feel at home, even though we were there up until (and probably through) their closing time.I think this is probably a really under-utilized spot in Phoenix. I'm sure that plenty of wine snobs or food snobs or someone in that pretentious genre would turn those nose up at something, cause that's what they do...but for the rest of you, based on what I experienced there, I'd definitely recommend Backstreet.
5	The. Best. In. Phoenix.Eaten here twice and boths meals were amazing.  Transported us back to France with every bite and every sip from their extensive wine list.  Doesn't get much better than Backstreet!
4	My husband and I had a delightful, romantic date at Backstreet recently...but because we happened to be there on the VERY LAST NIGHT that this fabulous establishment was open for business, I sadly won't go into much detail.  I loved this space - a hidden gem in every regard from it's location to its ambiance and fantastic and affordable wine selection.  As memorabilia from our great date and as a personal bon voyage, I look forward to opening the bottle we purchased from the accompanying shop at a later date.  Until then, if you were a fan of Backstreet Wine Salon, make sure to log on to their website and add your name to their email list so they can keep you updated on any future news.  I don't know about all of you but I'm sick and tired of these wonderful, independently owned places going out of business. :(
