3	When I was needing some photocopying or quality printing I used to pop over to Copycat which was located just opposite from Potterrow. However, over the last year Copycat moved, yes! It had moved from its brilliant location, I was shocked! So after getting over this, I decided to go for a look at the new residence for Copycat.Just a walk across the meadows brings you to Brougham Place, where Copycat is located on the corner of the street. The new shop is bigger but the service on offer pretty much remains the same. It can do large amounts of photocopying, lots and lots of printing (including dissertations and leaflets), and fancy stuff to do with imaging, graphics and even t-shirt design! The staff are, and have been in my experience, very helpful. Costs are more expensive than the university but this is the second place to go I think. However, I just do not understand why they had to move!
3	Copycat is a great place to go to fulfil all of your photocopying needs!Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Copycat is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to get to. Copycat has been a bit of a life saver for me these past few years as I have frequently come here when I needed to urgently photocopy something and the University library was closed. It costs around 10p per sheet of paper to photocopy, so it is quite pricey, but if you are in a panic to photocopy something, this is the place to go. As well as photocopying, Copycat also does printing, designs, labels and Shirt and rubber stamp prints. The staff are really friendly and helpful here as I have had numerous problems trying to work their photocopying machines and a very lovely lady showed me (to my embarrassment!) exactly what to do.Copycat is a bit of a walk from the University so it isn't the handiest of places for students to get to, but if your photocopying or printing need is urgent, it is the ideal place.
5	The guys in the shop are always very obliging and have printed lots menu for me.  While not always the cheapest, they are the perfect place to get printing done at short notice.They print menus, posters and flyers for lots or businesses in Edinburgh and have a great understanding of what is required.Advice is always on hand if you get stuck too.Location wise, maybe not the easiest to get to for some but within 2 mins of my shop its great for me.
