5	WOW!!  They are new but the food is ROCKIN!!!  Home style Sonora Mexican ORGANIC food.high-caliber food -- organic, locally sourced and housemade whenever possibleAfter feeling like a lost sheep in Phoenix to find an organic healthy food choice was a thrill to find it this good was HEAVEN!When in Phoenix and looking for organic and green this is the place!
4	I went by Verde for breakfast this morning and ordered the green chile, eggs, and potato served with a fresh made flour tortilla.The green chile was excellent. Just the right amount a heat and tang.The potatoes were served in a chunky tomato/onion chile sauce. Sort of unexpected good taste but the potatoes seemed a bit soggy. I believe a bit dryer or crispy texture would be beneficial to the dish.From a value standpoint they really have a value menu. Maybe too cheap. Breakfast was $5 plus tax. generous portion. First experience was good and I'm looking forward to trying other menu items. It is nice to have a new restaurant in the neighborhood.
5	I must say that I am super stoked that this place finally pulled down the boards covering up the windows and unleashed their tortilla-awesomeness upon us all. I ate here for dinner the other night and was very impressed. I had the Green Chile Pork, which was soft, tender and spicy - all the things I look for in my Mexican dining experience. The real temptation that lies within this place is it's amazing, homemade tortillas. Right now, they primarily make flour, but don't fret, I have it on good authority that they are expanding to make corn tortillas as well. Literally, and I will try to be as unoffensive as possible, but you could fill that tortilla with solid waste and I would still eat it. Those tortillas are that good. If they were able to made into a blanket, I would consider buying sheets of them to adorn my house and then, obviously, my stomach.If you go here, make sure you take the time to watch them make a few fresh tortillas. And a little bird told me that the most amazing thing on the menu thus far is the Oregano Lime Chicken. Beware - it is apt to induce restlessness because it is so good you will crave it fortnightly. Consider yourself warned.
3	I may revisit this at a later time, as they have only been open a week and my habit of reviewing brand new restaurants is kind of a shady practice.I'll make a few main points, but don't expect a full review until a month later.*Their music makes me want to use that bio-degradable and fully recyclable knife to cut out my ear drums. U2, Sting, Creed, White Stripes? None of that crap is music.*The girl at the counter stood there, like a dunce, waiting for us to order. She didn't say "hi" "how are you" "have you been here before" "do you have any questions" "thank you" etc. She stood there, like a lump. People like you need training, and the owner of the restaurant obviously isn't concerned with that.*Tortillas were garbage. I wouldn't normally bring this up, but they kept bragging that their tortillas will be the best and better than Carolinas. Arrogance is one thing, but being arrogant about something you aren't will just get you in trouble.*On my visit, the beans were bland as could be and the rice tasted like a butter ball. In other words, blech.*$25 for two people to have an order at the counter, entree only, one beverage meal is crazy. Especially considering you do not provide chips, bread, or any other accompaniment.*The flavor and quality of my Green Chile Pork was overall above average, looking solely at the entree itself and not the sides or tortillas. The pork was well cooked, and the chunks of green chiles were a nice surprise.I'm all for this place succeeding, but it's going to have to do it by keeping the hipsters happy, or change it's tune (no pun intended) because what they have is an average to above average concept and execution. There is a lot of competition downtown for quick places, and there is even more competition in this city for Mexican cuisine. good luck.
3	Wavering on what to score I will stick with 3. I want to see this place succeed. It's really too new to provide a fair judgment. I enjoyed my experience there enough to take in a few more visits and provide later updates. High scores for concept and convenience to where I live and Downtown in general. The food flavor, quality and authenticity is there. I will have to say the tortillas were good, I have had better but I have definitely had MUCH worse. On this trip I ordered the guacamole and Pork Chile Verde, which came with rice, beans and 2 kinds of salsa and tortilla. I also chose the fresh limeade to drink. Total came to around $13.The guacamole is superb (as I sit at my desk finishing up the guac and salsa from last night for brunch). The freshness comes right through, from the fresh garlic, jalapenos onions, cilantro, tomatoes...chopped perfectly...about as good as I make at home (which is definitely a compliment). The salsas, tasty...the verde has to be my favorite of the two. The beans were simple and topped with queso fresco and the rice seasoned simply was also quite nice. Now for the chile verde, yum! Well seasoned pork simmered with green chiles was tender and shreaded with just the right amount of heat for the general crowd (maybe even a bit spicy for some but don't change it). I would take a bit of guac and a scoop of pork and add it into a piece of tortilla....mmmmm. The limeade was fresh and very sweet....they could have added a little more water to it and it would have extended their batch and it would be perfect. They went out of their way to make sure everything was just right. The girl at the register was young and new and admitted she was still getting a feel for the place. I am excited about this new addition to the neighborhood.
5	So ran across one of the owners Joseph passing out flyers for this place right before opening and was intrigued by the menus simplicity and price point. This morning (1 pm) after a long night at some local dance and drink spots we made a point to go check this place out. Pleasantly pleased. Home cooked food with a comfortable new and hip feel to it. Break the chain habit and go eat here. I got the chicken and tried the pork and its as good as I make. YUMMM
4	We first visited Verde on their opening day, for dinner and it immediately ended up on our short list of favorite place in our neighborhood.I've been waiting for this place to open since I first heard of it, and I know they were dealing with all sorts of delays thanks to City of Phoenix. So when they finally opened, I think the whole neighborhood rejoiced!The building's exterior makes it easy to find - on 3rd street and Garfield, you can't miss the big grafitti art on the back wall, or the bright green facade at the front. The owners tried very hard to build it out as eco-friendly/green as possible, and if you want to read more about it, you can click this link and read this write up in the Downtown PHX Journal, written just a few weeks before it opened: http://www.downtownphoenixjournal.com/2010/04/21/fast-casual-core-verde/ There are other articles online, but most of them just talk about the food, or nit pick on one or another detail. This one gives a good overview of the building and their story.Now the food... My husband ordered the Green Chile Pork, ($7), which came with a generous portion of rice and beans, and a couple of tortillas. I ordered the Verde salad Bowl, with oregano lime chicken ($7), which also came with rice and beans, but no tortillas. I will say, the one annoying thing was that they charged us $2.00 for an 8 oz. plastic bottle of water. I would have much rather had a glass of tap water and ice. My husband's 12 oz. can of diet soda was $1.50. The only less expensive beverage on the menu is a $1.00 (small) cup of coffee. Note to self, next time I'm bringing my own water, which I carry around all the time anyway. But the beverage pricing was the least of our concerns. The food is so damn good! Everything was DELICIOUS, and the guys running the place were awesome-friendly. We ended up chit-chatting with them for another 30 minutes after we'd finished eating. On our way out, one of them walked back to the kitchen and came out with a huge bag of warm, fresh-made flour tortillas - on the house! Honestly, that was such a nice, and unexpected gesture!Overall, this is a place we plan to visit again and often. I've not yet gone for breakfast, but I'm dying to try their chorizo and egg torta one of these days!
2	Texting with a friend yesterday about a new place to eat, we settled on Verde as a location for our lunch meeting today. G is usually spot on with his recommendations and only occasionally misses. Today, he missed. This quaint little restaurant in Downtown PHX is well decorated and provides exactly the kind of visual atmosphere a metropolitan fast-food crossover should. Unfortunately, the service is lacking personality and overall interest in the customer. While the food was appetizing and provided decent flavor, it was lacking in something special--something that really popped when you took a bite. Overall, Verde is caught in an economic conundrum many new establishments are facing--cheap fast food or moderately priced gourmet food? Based on their space, it seems the cheap fast food route (a la America's Tacos) is the way to go. Add a soda fountain, serve cheap beer, and make a taco/salsa bar. It'll speed up the service and reduce overhead.
4	I heard about this place many a times and today Tanya took me to try it out. I was happy with the thought of being Green or VERDE for lunch, little did i know how green it would be. After reading some of the reviews I had to see it for myself, and i'm glad i did. Seems there is a bigger picture behind the place. The picture is a Greener world! They utilized paper plates, plastic spoons and the like because it is better on our environment. At the moment they are waiting on a back order of forks and spoons made out of corn, much easier on the environment the owners says, and so did my green expert friend Tanya. A quick scan of the menu and i was a little disappointed at the lack of single tacos but quickly settled on the Verde Salad with chicken. Tanya had the pulled pork served with beans and rice. Of course i also had the chips and salsa (which was a green tomatillo and a red salsa served in two tiny dishes) the chips were quite tasty and so were the salsas. However the salsas were quite mild so the need for sour cream was nil. The salad was romain lettuce, radishes (which i tossed out as i ate), tomato, shredded chicked (only problem here was the fat left on the meat-i cannot stand the feel of skin or fat of the chicken in my mouth so i had to pull at the chicken), fried bacon and a tasty dressing-all of it very fresh. Tanya loved her meal and didn't leave a bit left over on her plate, just as I! The place was decorated with all repurposed items. The table and box chairs were such a wonderful idea. The first sturdy setting i've seen in a restaurant around Phoenix in a long time. They also participate in the Art Walk with local art hanging for sale on the walls. This place is crisp and clean. Very affordable = all entrees are $6-8 and come with rice and beans. The chips and salsa was $2.50 and the Guacamole (i will try this next time!) was only $3.00. As i  mentioned there aren't any tacos served a la carte, but you can get a side of rice or beans! I'll definitely be back for the Guac!
4	Tried this place yesterday for lunch and really enjoyed it.  I had the Green Chili Pork with the corn tortillas (just like corn better).  The pork had great flavor and spice.  I did request a small cup of their extra spicy salsa, which actually had a hint of sweetness to it but good.  I liked the beans and rice as well.  The horchata was very tasty and a good balance to my lunch.  For those not into meat I was there with a veggie eater and he enjoyed the no lard black beans with the veggie tacos (again corn tortillas here to avoid animal products).  I will be back to try another dish here for sure.  Also, it is nice that they have free parking in the back instead of filling the meter.
5	This is great Mexican food at an affordable price and a great downtown Phoenix location.  The green chili pork chilaquiles and lime oregano roasted chicken are phenomenal.  Everything else I've had is great too, but that's the best so far!  Also a plus, where else can you get homemade flour tortillas in fast casual setting?  I also appreciate the owner's hospitality. You can tell they put their heart into what they do by just placing your order or having a quick conversation about the food.  This is definitely a must-go location for eating in Phoenix.
2	They gave me cold tortillas. So much for trying to have better tortillas than Carolines ... I'll give them one more try but come on guys!
4	The owners of Verde have converted an old building into something modern and vibrant, a south-of-the-border neighbor for the restaurant row along First Street between Pierce and Garfield in downtown Phoenix.The food here is made from scratch, including mouth-watering flour tortillas made by hand. You can taste the love. The only item on the menu that isn't made in-house is the tortilla chips, and those come from the legendary La Canasta.It's fresh Mexican food with one surprise -- not one burrito is on the regular menu. How can this be? Simple, it's all about down-home plates filled with roasted chicken, red chile or their amazingly killer green chile.Verde is a fast casual restaurant, so you order at the counter, then take a seat while the food is prepared.First to arrive were the Chips and Salsa ($2.50), a large bag with perfectly crunchy chips accompanied by red and green salsas. The tang from the green salsa was bright and made my mouth water for more. While the red was good, I would have enjoyed a little more heat.Weekends at Verde mean a handful of breakfast options, including a few coveted burritos. I couldn't stop eating the Green Chile with Beans and Eggs ($5). The spicy simmered pork was so tender and delightful that it was like green chile butter as I slathered the meat onto a piping hot flour tortilla. If you order only one thing from here, make it the green chile.After the first bite of Red Chile Beef ($7) I was puzzled trying to figure out the exotic flavors. It's not your typical red chile; its flavors of clove reminded me of a cross between curry and mole, if that's even possible. Beans came along side and, with smoky notes from the addition of chorizo, are worthy of eating alone.If chile isn't your thing, the roasted Oregano Lime Chicken ($8) is a great alternative. The meat was practically falling off the bone and right into the awaiting flour tortilla.Beef Tacos ($7) were featured as a special on my last visit. Two corn tortillas are filled with tender stewed beef, then topped with shredded lettuce and chopped tomato. They are simple and satisfying, with the addition of a pinch of salt to bring out the sweetness of the beef.With outstanding green chile, this place is called Verde for a reason. They've got some of the best green chile I've had in a long time, and don't forget the tortillas.
3	No, I can't say that I'll be back here. In all honesty, the service was great but I was not impressed by the food. Perhaps it was the way I was spoiled with coastal Mexican food from Guerrero that makes me stick my nose up at green chile and lime chicken.The bad:- Well, the music is awful. No, I don't want to hear alt-rock from 1999. I'm as bi-cultural as they come what with La Sonora Dinamita sitting right next to Led Zeppelin on my shelf. I don't go to Mexican restaurants to listen to angsty teenage rock., though. - The tortillas were slightly better than Carolina's (which if anyone in Phoenix really knew what a tortilla was, it's not a massive crepe thin pancake) but they aren't great. I'll cut some slack on this.- The chicken was dry. I went and had the lime chicken. It was tasty, yes, but it was dryer than a Mitchum covered armpit. There was no falling off the bone moment for me here.- The arroz might as well be coming from my sister-in-law who cannot cook rice for the life of her. The good:-They have bottled soda from Mexico. No, they don't have Yoli, but that's ok because their horchata is pretty good.- Close to light rail- The prices aren't as expensive as they could be. - I'll give them props on the beans. At least they aren't the same ol' refried beans everyone else gives out. I may go back if someone else buys and I get something different. Maybe for breakfast? Oh, and the recycling bins are pointless. They all say recycling but people don't separate and it all ends up in the same pile. Everyone else might like this place but for those of us from Southern Mexico, we might be waiting awhile for above average food.
4	So far the only thing I have eaten at Verde that was not awesome was breakfast. Don't get me wrong it was yummy, but lunch or dinner is much better here. My favorite dish is the tacos al fresco. Two fresh tortillas loaded with fresh colorful veggies and coated in a delicious vinaigrette. Did I mention everything is super fresh? The rice and beans are also very good. The salsas and guacamole are also awesome. One is smoky while the other has great tang and spice. Nothing, however, outshines their delicious tortillas. I love walking by and seeing someone preparing them in the window. The decor and atmosphere are also great. The owners are super nice too. I really can't complain about this awesome place!
4	The location is nice and clean on the inside, the staff is very friendly and will take time to give u some recommendations.  Verde pork and red chilli chicken are yum, so is their chorizo with eggs burro :)will come back again for sure :)
4	The best lunch stop in the hipster district of downtown Phoenix. I haven't tried any of the carne-phobic choices but Verde definitely packs plenty of protein with their red chili beef, green chili pork and lime chicken.
3	I would like to first say that I'm not really into Mexican.  I have a few staple dishes that I like to stick with...okay, it's limited to quesadillas and tacos, but a girl knows what she likes.  I've been to Verde twice.  I've had their green chili pork and chicken chaquiles.  I like the pork, it was a bit spicy for me.  That really doesn't mean anything because I have no tolerance for spice.  All in all, it was good.  Loved the tortillas with the pork.  The chaquiles were okay.  I like tortilla chips, so I thought I would like this, but unfortunately I didn't.  All in all, Verde was only okay for me.  I'll go back because of it's convenient location and there are plenty of other things on the menu that I would like to try.
3	They were out of the green chili pork, which I went to try, but that's o.k.  The chef wanted to serve the new batch, took a bite, and said it wasn't quite ready.   I respect that he wasn't ready to serve something up to his standards.No worries... I went with the red chili beef. Overall the plate was good and tasty, but didn't leave me longing for more.  The beef was beautiful looking, succulent, well cooked and swimming in sauce.  It simply needed another note...  some more heat?  Some added spices?  A bit of sweet fruit or other twist?  I liked it, but it was overall kinda mellow.  I liked to get kicked in the teeth.  Or at least find a signature.It was served with beans, rice, tortillas and a salsa. The beans were great.  I usually skip the rice.  The salsa was awesome, as were the tortillas.  Which leads me to my other constructive criticism... what goes with what?  I used the tortillas to sop up the beef sauce and dip in the salsa, but I didn't quite get if they all belonged together.  Was I meant to make tacos?  Likewise, they were all soft foods, so a bit of crunch/contrast would have been welcomed.  Chips would have been nice to go with the salsa, for example.  While all the portions were good, I simply didn't feel the harmony nor got much of a contrasting experience. But I'm merely nitpicking.  Overall, this is a very cool place, a nice space, and worth visiting.  I'll be back to try the pork, beef tacos and other dishes.
2	I got 3 strikes at Verde, hence...I'm out! Strike 1: Not very vegetarian friendly. Strike 2: They have all the necessary items to make nachos, but when asked if they would make me nachos I got a very quick and blunt "NO". Strike 3: When forced to order a meat dish and request they not include the meat (the most EXPENSIVE ingredient) not only did they make no attempt to substitute the meat with maybe beans, or guac, or extra cheese, they still charged full price! I don't want to eat meat and I sure don't want to pay for it. And as far as the food, well, they got that part right, for a place that serves fine fast food, when you ask me how my meal was, my response would be "Fine".
4	I was so satisfied with the ease of the experience of Verde that I suggest it to all my downtown colleagues. It's clean and simple from the easy to order menu options to the ladies flattening the dough in the window, it is a great atmosphere and great price. I'm addicted to the green chile with a side drink of horchata. I dream about it...literally. I have went back to Verde with intentions to order something else. Like, the chicken, which I hear is yummy or even get there in the early AM for a breakfast burrito. No, I keep coming back to the green chile and I continue to be satisfied. Warning! It's got a kick to it if you are sensitive to spicy foods but it's delicious.
5	Yummy made to order.  No big sysco distributor dumping off a bunch of premade standard Mexican food at the backdoor here.  They make it!This Saturday morning was dieeeinnggg of hunger, pulled the car over, got out the iPhone and dialed up Yelp - and found Verde - thank you Yelpers!It's an unassuming place with a concrete floor and simple tables and chairs (no big cushiony booths here), and it's fast casual so you order at the window then they bring it to you.  Breakfast was $5!  Five bucks!  And soooo good.  The DH and I split the eggs and chilaquiles  and it was yummy, but I only read the reviews after I started eating - so we'll definitely be back for the green chile!The owner was working his tail off (like usual I think) and he's really nice.  I met him cause I just had to go up and leave a larger tip in the jar.  I don't know why more folks don't go here for breakfast.  I hate a bland American style brekkie.  This was perfect.  yumm!
3	The tortillas were great. It's hard to beat Carolina's, but Verde has the closest I've tasted thus far to doing just that. I got the oregano-lime chicken and got to try the green chile. Both were very good. The chicken reminded me of El Pollo Loco (that's not a bad thing). It was fresh and when combined with rice, beans, salsa and a tortilla, my taste buds were very pleased. The green chile was the real winner though. The pork was flaky, tender, and loaded with flavor. I would have preferred more heat in the chile, but it was tasty nonetheless.From what I keep reading, I need to try breakfast here. The next time I head to Verde it will probably be in the early morning for that.
5	We went there today for lunch because I kept seeing it on tv. I had the verde salad. I must say it was excellent. I was full all day from this salad. It was so fresh and tasty I am looking forward to my next visit.
5	Fresh, melt in your mouth, tortillas are just the beginning of your culinary experience when you visit Verde.  Their Green Chile Pork is Full of rich Mexican flavors with every bite.  The staff was very willing to accommodate the pallet of each person in our party, which is a definite plus.  I highly recommend that you take the time to enjoy a meal at this fun establishment!!
5	Verde/ Vert/ zelenyee doesnt matter how you say it; green carries many connotations in the mind. whether it be envy, nature, ralph nader, or mean joe, "verde" brings to mind many things. All that changed for me when i experienced CenPho's verde on saturday morn. My world was rocked, a sea change had come and with it a paradigm shift in what i associate the word verde with: from now on verde for me will mean delicious. Palo Verde trees now make me hungry...After a long nights revels this last first friday i awoke to a blinding headache and pained back from a restless sleep on concrete with a gnawing hunger that could propel a lesser man to rob a chinese take out at gunpoint. We roamed the streets towards the saturday market, the vendors were just settling in, and the food options- while all nice in their own way, couldn't dispell the ravenous hunger that plagued me. we settled for coffee and cigarettes, but those only distracted us for so long. We espied the token line surrounding Matt's Big and pondered whether we could withstand the wait.And then it hit us, a slight breeze and with it the smell of fresh tortillas and meat cooked in a wood burning stove feuled by mesquite.We headed towards the aroma, our nostrils our guides. We ambled into Verde like refugees.I ordered a $5 breakfast burrito of green chili pork pinto bean and egg.Biting into this plump and delicious burrito was like a first kiss. sparks flew, i was in love; smitten with the savory goodness that radiated happiness and nourishment throughout my body. It seemed criminal to have only paid $5 for something so delictible!
5	Went to @eatverde for my first #smunch with @smunchphoenix.Right off the bat, this is a combined review, as I'm including my experience tasting Verde's red and green pork from the @GetYourPHX event at @CoHootsPHX.The layout, and interior decor of Verde is simple, minimalist, but perfect for the image they seem to want to present; don't get caught up thinking about the seats, or the tables, or the art, just enjoy the incredible food we make.And they do.The green chile pork is simply the best I've had, ever. The red chile pork is fantastic, and I would die a happy man if I never ate anything else.Yes, it is that good.But wait, it gets better; they make their own tortillas, by hand, from scratch ingredients.And how are the tortillas, you ask.Let me just say that I probably ate about 2 dozen, when Joe brought his product to Co+Hoots.This morning, for Smunch, I opted for a chorizo and egg burrito, because morning + Mexican food = chorizo.(I think that's actually what it means in Spanish)Honestly, I was slightly disappointed by the chorizo.I know most people dislike chorizo because it is so greasy. But what they don't understand, and I do, is that the oil is where the flavor is. The spices permeate the oil, not the meat. Sure, the meat has flavor, but when the meat is too dry, it certainly has a decreased presence.Admittedly, I may have had too-high expectations for all things Verde, after experiencing the bliss of their green chile pork.Regardless, the burrito was tasty, and a sizable portion, for a really good price. There was a good amount of egg, as well.I will likely get it again, simply because chorizo is my go-to for breakfast.One more thing; the coffee. I was informed that it was merely a generic coffee brand, but the flavor was considerably better than Denny's or Carrow's, or even the Circle K coffee. I didn't just appreciate the coffee, I enjoyed it.For the burrito alone, I would have only given 4 stars. But the combination of the previous pork experience, the pleasant coffee experience, and the interior that I definitely appreciate, I will give them five.I will, without question, return to Verde, time and again.
3	The food was good, and the staff was friendly.  However, a few minor changes are in order:They serve powder coffee creamer, not cream.  Kinda cheap, guys.The plastic ware is very cheap and breaks, kinda hard to eat your food with a broken fork. ;-(However, the food was very good and the place was clean.  Just a few tweeks and the place wold rock!!
4	I tried Verde on a Tuesday night after reading a review in the paper. Chef recommends! I ordered the green chile pork which I was advised was the spiciest dish on the menu. I love spicy food but don't let that fool you. Just the right amount of heat. Very reasonably priced at about $8 it was served with two homemade tortillas and rice and beans. Perfect size portion too. Hopefully in the next month or so they'll have their liquor license to serve beer. Casual dining...order at the counter and then grab and open table. Plenty of on street parking available, though you have to plug the meter until 8 pm during the week.
4	Verde = good, quick, close-by & cheap = YAY!!!!So...We went for breakfast last week and here is the result: green chili pork: Delish!!! Tortillas: Delish!! Eggs: Yuck!! Guacamole: Good!!The breakfast eggs are the 'fake eggs' - you know the ones that come in a pourable carton...honestly a little disappointing, because 2 sunny-side up eggs wouldve been muy bueno!!but everything else was on-point so i just wont order eggs again! :)we also ordered take-out this week: the whole lime-oregano rotisserie chicken it was MUY DELISH!!! This is not your grocery store rotisserie - the flavor was amazing!! the whole fam luved it and devoured it -Verde will be my new go to when i dont want to cook dinner or when i need a quick lunch!
5	I also tried the beef tacos and chilaquiles and they were fantastic. The chilaquiles can be made to order with your choice of meat and sauce. Since this place opened, I think I've been to La Tolteca or Chico's Grill only once.
5	I have been making two or so trips to Verde a week since they opened. I'm still a huge fan of the green chile. I also enjoy the Verde salad with their chicken. My wife just wants a side of the beans and a tortilla. the food is consistent, excellent, and affordable.The other night we were having some friends over for dinner and I just ran out of time to cook anything myself. I never noticed their family sized takeout menu before. I went ahead and ordered the Green Chile with rice, beans, tortillas and salsa. It was so much food - easily feeding four adults. It was only $14. My wife and I don't need that much food very often but it is an amazing deal.     After dozens of visits I have yet to have a bad experience.
3	This is what they would call new Mexican cuisine if there was not a State and hatch chili laden style that already stole that name.The industrial themed location is situated just off central in down town phoenix. If it were not the the green strip we might have missed it. There is a small lot in rear but it was full so be prepared to park on the street or even splurge at  meter.The limited menu is written on some over head boards, you can get breakfast until 2pm which I will try on my next visit.The menu consists of a few tacos and a dish that is like a enchilada pie.The only veggie option were the tacos frescos $7. two medium tortillas wrapped around fresh jaimica and peppers, with a side of rice and beans. To my surprise the tacos were cold, no sauce, and uncooked. It was like a salad in a tortilla, it was fresh and healthy but I wanted more flavors. It is served with a small thimble of bland salsa.It was a decent meal but for the price I can easily put a few raw veggies in a hand made tortilla.
3	Its ok.  I had the red chili plate. One of those deals where the cook should taste their food before it goes out for the day because the red chili was awful.  The meat was fatty and of low quality.   The seasonings were bland and no red chili flavor stood out.  The beans were ok and the rice was kind of bland also.  The shredded beef taco's however were pretty good and so were the tortillas.  They do not have very hot salsa and they don't carry hot sauce so if you want hot Mexican this isn't it.  The service was ok and the location is pretty good. The prices were good. Food was nothing special.
4	First visit - did take out. I ordered the red chili beef entree plate.Such interesting flavors in the red chili. It wasn't spicy, but it was very tasty and light. Beans were good too. It wasn't the typical Mexican restaurant style of food that you find all around AZ.  Think..... new Mexican style....meets urban architect foodie lover.( And they got married and had a baby.) My next visit, I plan to dine in and try the green chili pork and their chips and salsa.
2	I really really wanted to love this place. Based on the culinary credentials alone, I should. I'll start with the positives then we'll move on, because, that's what Yelp's all about, right? And, you are entitled to completely ignore me anyway. Ok, so we ordered the Beef Red Chile entree & the Green Chile Pork, & Verde Salad. The salad was amazing. Crisp greens, chunks of avocado & healthy vine ripened tomatoes. There is no way you will find that goldmine of organice veggies at Tuli/Juli/Fili Berto's whatever the freak the name is. Cilantro Lime dressing: divine. Red Chile Beef perfect. Flour tortillas - can I just slather these with some butter, add a glass of milk, & call it a day? Ok, here goes with the rest.Green child pork - the texture of the pork literally melted in your mouth. the sauce was good but it reminded me too much of Indian Curry & this is why - you guys Pleeeeez lay off the cumin.  Almost all of the food is just soaking in it. The beans taste like sweet barbecued cumin pods.  I'm guessing fans of truly authentic Mexican will not appreciate this. the rice was ok but, again, sorry, I'm used to my Tia's orange-y chicken broth-y moist Spanish rice & this is just too drastic of a departure. Even the chips; they remind me way too much of Frito Lay, not My Nana's. I suppose if you are looking for Mexican Cuisine or Mexican/Tex Mex, you will love this place. to the chefs; if that's not what you're aiming for, I hope you won't hate this post & instead, make some tweaks because this place has great potential. you are VERY close on the salsa, it could be a little spicier & it would be killer. The location is great, the interior is adorable & the staff extremely friendly.
5	Super affordable. Really tasty. A group of my friends and I had one of everything and it was all good.  Can't wait to go back again.
5	This place is awesome.  Exactly what downtown needs: restaurants that work for people who live downtown and don't want tapas of some kind every time they go out.
2	This place is just ok...there is nothing exceptional about it!  I wanted to love it, but it really didn't give me a reason to.  The menu is limited, the food is just ok, the service was friendly and nice and the atmosphere was low budget.
5	I've only been to Verde once (SO FAR!), so take this with a grain of salt.  But on that visit, Verde impressed me.  A lot.Indoors is clean and decorated in a trendy, urban, utilitarian style. There was some audio equipment on shelves in a corner, and I wondered if they have a karaoke night or something.Their menu isn't huge, but what they do, they seem to do well. The sauces were fresh and full of a ridiculous amount of flavor. I ordered the green chile, thinking it would be excellent, since the place is named after it.  So I shouldn't have been surprised that it was the best I've had in recent memory, but I was. Tender pork, fresh-tasting verde sauce with the right amount of spice. But wait, there's more: even the rice and beans were fantastic. How many places put much thought or effort into a side of rice?My friend had one of the taco dishes, and we noticed that the salsa that came with hers was completely different than the one that came with mine.  Both were fantastic.If I have an experience on a future visit inferior to this one, I'll adjust my rating and edit my review ... but I don't see that happening. This is already one of my favorite downtown restaurants.
1	I only been to Verde only one time and it looks like it will be the only time I walked thru its doors.   The staff was observant and showed patience as I discovered their menu.  I never thought I can take so much time deciding what to get from a limited menu.  I believed there was like 5 combinations to choose from, well of course, with rice and beans.  I got the red chill beef.  This plate was looking good when I got it, until I put it in my mouth.  The burro was like ugh.  The beef was stale and they compromise by over seasoning it.  I couldn't understand they would waste an awesome tortilla on this dish. The rice and beans were just okay.  Their price I would say is slightly over priced (under $10) only because I felt so unsatisfied.  One thing that I really liked is they make their tortillas on site.I Left unimpressed, unsatisfied and frustrated with their "white people's" Mexican food.
4	simple, fresh, and delicious. all important things to consider when picking out a place to grub at after an ass kicking workout at the y.  maybe not the healthiest option, but at least we don't have to tip out a waiter or spend 15 minutes deliberating on what we want.i've tried the red chili beef, green chili pork, oregano lime chicken, tacos al fresco, and one of their breakfast burritos. nothing disappointed.  their tortillas, named best of phoenix new times, are so soft they nearly melt in your mouth.  the oregano lime chicken is my fave, because you literally get half of a chicken, on the bones and all.  makes me feel animalistic. rawr.  portions are generous, they come with a side of rice, beans, and two tortillas. their auga fresca changes daily, and if you catch them serving watermelon be sure to get it.  it's delicious and refreshing.  i don't know if they make their salsa in house, but it's fantastic.the space is interesting with an open-ish kitchen and a lab where they hand craft their tortillas.  there is a tv awkwardly placed in the corner which doesn't seem practical for this place.  their hours are really odd, so i'd call ahead to make sure they're open if you're hungry like a wolf.
4	We have gone here three times now and we all adore this place...which is a huge thing because my 10-year old is very picky about what he eats, but he loves the chicken and we all like the atomosphere.My husband loves spicy food and is a particular fan of the pork. I love the chicken and adore the side dishes of rice and beans, which are seasoned in a unique way and accompanied with the most delicious (and fattening) hand made tortillas!We recommend ths place and hope to try more items on the menu.  It was fun the first time we were there because we were able to see our torillas being made right in front of us! :-)The only thing missing is the ability to make changes...which another diner identified as very frustrating.  It's very hard to get them to accomodate your individual needs.  For the price and the fact that there isn't tableside service, I think it's okay to sub out more beans for no rice.  Don't you?
4	You can't go wrong with fresh tortillas, but Verde does not stop there.  The fillings for the tacos are delicious!  The pork is tender, flavorful and stewed with chilies.  It could be seasoned a bit more, but nevertheless was very good.  The beef was excellent,  with a an interesting mix of spices.
4	Looking for a great Mexican restaurant downtown? Look no further than Verde. Verde has something that other restaurants don't, the relaxed atmosphere of casual dining with high end service. There are no pesky waiters to deal with or over crowded tables.  This was my first time at Verde and naturally as I walked in I asked the Owner , who was working the counter, what he would recommend. Hands down he mentioned the Green Chile was the most popular. Luckily I had a fellow foodie with me who doesn't miss an opportunity to try as many things as he can on a menu so I got to experience all of it. I got the green chili and couldn't have been happier. The meat was tender, the portions were generous and it had just the right amount of heat. In addition to that the homemade tortilla and Mexican cola to wash it down sealed the deal for me. This green chile is a winner! My colleague ordered the green chile, red chile and the chili lime rotisserie chicken.  The red chile was ok but a little over spiced I would go with the green over the red any day. The chicken on the other hand was an awesome rotisserie chicken but lacked the spice or flavor I was looking for to give it that Mexican flavor. All  in all I would go back to Verde in a second. I know they are working on completing the full experience with adding adult beverages....so you can't drink beer there now but when you can you will drink Dos Equis!....
4	Hopefully the reason they were out of everything is because they're doing well. "Fine food fast"...it's a cute little place & smells amazing when you walk in. Very flavorful and generous portions. We will definitely be back!
3	Trusty pal "Mikey" and I found ourselves in a quandary a few days ago.  It was a scorching hot day, we were in Downtown Phoenix and hadn't had a thing to eat.  I recalled the "Foodie faithful' tweeting up a storm on-line about a little Mexican restaurant with tasty food called Verde, so off we went.In a neighborhood in which such notable eateries as Pasta Bar and Matt's Big Breakfast (which I really don't like) reside, you will find an unassuming, sparsely decorated building housing Verde who's motto is "Fine Food Fast."  Upon entering you notice a simple counter and slate boards listing items available.As there are only six reasonably priced items to choose from, each coming with fresh tortillas, rice and beans, ordering really isn't rocket science and since I'm generally willing to put my stomach into the hands of my server when trying a new place, I ordered the recommended Green Chilaquiles, with pork of course. (the house speciality), and "Mikey" ordered the default roast chicken.Off to the dining room with it's bare wooden picnic style tables and benches we went to await our order.  While sitting at the table enjoying an ice cold "Mexican Coke," (no high fructose corn syrup here), I noticed an opening near the front of the room and as I had a few minutes, I arose to investigate.  What I found made my stomach smile, there in a room just big enough for a table and her supplies was a friendly, smiling Mexican woman rolling out scratch made tortillas!Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that our order was ready to be picked up so I waved to the tortilla lady and beat feet to the counter to retrieve our lunch.  One of my biggest complaints about Phoenix is the apparent lack of good, honest Mexican food so I'm always a little bit dubious when taking that first bit but I must say I was pleasantly surprised here.  The tortillas were liberally covered in the house green tomatillo sauce, cotija cheese (which I love), and little bits of pork.The chips had crunch and flavor (thank you tortilla lady ), the green sauce was bright, tangy and most importantly had that "fresh" flavor that so many eateries try to fake.  The pork was tender and flavorful but also the source of my only complaint, there was so little of it to enjoy.  The beans were no better than average and the rice was just okay, a little bit overcooked for my taste and a bit of seasoning would have done it well.Overall I would have to say that "I ate Verde and it was...well, not bad."  Mikey, enjoyed her chicken and the price was right.  If I found myself in the area with a food baby in need of attention, I would probably stop in again and try something else.
2	The space is stylish and the location is convenient, but as others have said the vegetarian options are sorely lacking.  I had the veggie tacos, which were more like a wrap from a sandwich shop than Mexican food.  The tortillas that everyone raves about did not shine when served cold.  I'll be back if they learn to throw the beans and rice in a burrito with some grilled vegetables.
5	The food reminded me of my mom's home cooked meals. The beef with red salsa was super good...and not to mention the warm, handmade tortillas. The prices were decent, the service was excellent and the food was great. ;-)
5	I just read that Verde is closing tonight, I hope to hell that is just bad info.I LOVE this place, it is SOOOOO good. If great food could marry great service, then have a child called great location- this would be it.Simple, tasty food, with AMAZING tortillas and they have the BEST classic guacamole in town. Very large portion which doesn't try and break the bank. Best of all, they are awesome in not loading up the guac with tomatoes and other fillers, so they can use less avocados (yes Baja Fresh, I am looking right at you)Pair your meal with a 500ml bottle of Mexican Coke (think Santa, not Scarface) and you have a great meal.Please let the rumors of Verde closing be terrible lies told my evil people!
4	I loved this place. The chilaquiles were to die for and they provided excellent service. Here's hoping the return with a liquor license.
