3	This was my first encounter with the Hot Dog on a Stick. A co-worker and I decided that today (every Tuesday is $1 hot dog day) is the day we would go. Unfortunately, the Veggie Hot Dog is not a part of the $1/dog promo, but I thought it was still worth it. For a Veggie HDOS, plus large lemonade and fries, it was about $9. I thought this was a bit pricey, but being it was my first time, I was okay with paying it. The veggie dog was good. First veggie dog I've ever eaten. The flavor was similar to a regular hot dog, and the texture was actually pretty firm. The lemonade was freaking amazing, maybe the best I've had that I didn't make myself, and the fries were pretty decent. My co-worker had 3 regular HDOS. He said they were very good, though his stomach hurt a bit after devouring them. The batter is not corn dog batter, so don't just expect a regular corndog. The batter has a different flavor, and is pretty decent. I am sure that the veggie HDOS contains milk or casein and they are fried in the same oil as the meat dogs, so they are definitely not Vegan.
4	I have not been to HDoaS in YEARS! Mainly because I'm never in the Mall. I was at The Galleria getting something fixed at Ben Bridge and I noticed that HDoaS was in my 2011 Entertainment Book. It was around dinner time and I was getting hungry. I pulled out my coupon and thought, why not! Coupon was Buy One Get One menu item free. I ordered a lemonade, one hot dog on a stick and french fries. The lemonade: Yuuuuuuumy. A mall staple from back in my mall rat days :) I forgot how good this stuff was! The hot dog: Moist and crispy breading, perfectly cooked, decent quality dog. Not too shabby, just like I remember. The fries: crispy, thin, perfectly cooked and salted. Again, just like I remember. I gave HDoaS four stars for their quality, consistency and that dang good lemonade. There is something to be said about a product that comes out equally good on each visit, no matter how often or how far apart your visits are.
5	Hello, my name is Victor, and I am an addict. That addiction is called Hot Dog on a Stick. And, you know what? I don't have a problem with that. There are few things in life as simply delicious as HDOS. I mean, all it is is a super delicious corndog, fries, fresh lemonade. There's no culinary fusion magic or haute cuisine deals going on here. Why? Because who needs that when you're in a rush and the food is this good!Every time I come here, I find that I'm at war with myself: part of me wants to be smart and just get one hot dog, and part of me doesn't care and wants one hot + cheese on a stick + large lemonade. The latter choice usually wins out. How can it not?!I'd like to go into detail here about one of my favorite culinary creations: Pepper Jack on a stick. It's the most brilliant idea since the taco, as far as I'm concerned. What they do is take a pepper jack block, dip it in batter, then fry that joker. What you get is a delicious, hot, crispy outer layer of batter and a delicious, hot, melty core of pepper jack. I don't even know the words to describe how good it is. As a sidebar, I'd like to say that this place has the cutest girls working behind the counter. Another reason to love this place!
4	The Las Vegas locations I've visited have veggie dogs on a stick while neither of the Hawaii locations do.  *sigh*  If I want to pretend to eat healthy dogs on a stick, I have to go to the mainland.Anyway, all of the hot dog on a stick locations I've been to have had two things in common.  The food is very consistent and served piping hot.  And the service is always fast and very friendly.  If you're staying across the street at Sunset Station and just can't do another of their buffets, a hot dog on a stick with a freshly squeezed lemonade makes a great and light alternative.
4	For your typical fried-food fare this place is pretty good. My kids constantly ask for either the hot dogs or cheese on a stick every time we are near the mall. The plus side is that it's not as messy as some of the other options, but the downside is that everything is deep-fried.While you won't find gourmet food here, you will find traditional circus food. Corn dogs, cheese on a stick, fries, and several different flavors of lemonade. Compared to some other places, Hot Dog on a Stick is as good as it gets.
4	Drove by and saw this open in my area and I squealed with delight!! I dislike shopping malls but I'm a big fan of Corn Dogs! Sampled their chicken strips! Very light breading flavorful! Need a refreshing beverage? Let the multi colored weird cap wearing employees quench your thirst with Icy cold fresh lemonade! You KNOW you want one!  The only reason I cannot give this location 5 stars, as I left my cup was full of ice , I asked as it was so hot out for water to top it off.  The employee sneered at me as if it was a major inconvenience and like I had asked for something shockingly out of all reason!
