5	I have two pets that require regular grooming - a persian cat and a malti-poo.  A friend recommended Caspers to me about four years ago and I've been taking my pets here ever since.  The staff is friendly and professional.  If I make a request about the style of my dog's or cat's hair, they follow it (within reason).  One time I neglected to take my cat there for too long and despite their best efforts to follow my request not to shave him, they had to because of the mattes.  It happens.  The prices are reasonable.  The staff is very accommodating.  There have been a few times when I've forgotten to schedule an appointment ahead of time and I've called the morning that I want my pets to get groomed and most of the time, they have fit me in that same day.  If you're looking for a nice, locally owned grooming business that will treat you and your pets well, try Casper's.
1	Took my dog here today. Made it clear that the dog needed to be shampooed. Petsmart quoted me $50 to $60. Casper's quoted $60 and then when I got their they said it should really be $120, but they'd go ahead and do it for the $60 they quoted.So, I go to pick up my dog and they say that they used the hair vacuum thing, and I said she really needed to be shampooed. Then the woman claimed that the dog was shampooed. I could see that the dogs white tail was still yellow and its belly was in some spots as well. (The dog was filthy as it was recently rescued from a neglectful home). Anyhow, I didn't want to argue- I could tell I was being lied to. People really should read up on body language. It's no mystery when people are full of shit. Anyhow, I look down and my dogs foot is bleeding. Like dripping blood all over the floor. I'm shocked and they tell me that they clipped her nails too short. I'm thinking, this is why I came in to a professional and paid $60- so that the doggie wouldn't be hurt. The woman exclaims, "She'll live."Obviously, I'm not going back and I strongly recommend that you take your dog elsewhere... They'll live.
1	Finally shampooed the dog myself. FYI Casper's, she does not have any naturally yellow fur- it's as white a new fallen snow and very shiny now. I have told everyone how you lied to me about shampooing my dog,and I will continue to let people know about your dishonest practice.
1	Do not take your pet here.  The owner is careless and incompetent.  She cut my 16 year old Yorkie up so bad she needed 5 staples to her leg and dermabond to a shoulder laceration.  Not only is she careless with the sheers but I got the impression she could have cared less.  Cruelty to animals is immoral, unethical, and illegal.  Beware!!!!  Don't take your pet here.  She knew I was taking my little dog to the vet and her response was for me not to bing my dog back there.  Really???  Why would I?  So she could finish her off??  What an arrogant, irresponsible, careless person.  Don't trust her with your pets!!!
