5	I had a fantastic time today driving my childhood fantasy car, the Lambo (not my Diablo, but the Gallardo)!  Global Exotic hosted this awesome experience (that runs today and tomorrow) at the Firebird Int'l Raceway nearby that was probably one of the most exciting and thrilling opportunities to drive some high-class beauties on a racetrack.  On Groupon, they posted a $500 driving experience for less than a 3rd of the cost - killer deal!.  The deal was: drive 4laps (~4m) of the raceway in either a Gallardo, a 911, a Maserati GT, or a F430 with photos and driving instructions.  I imagined that the F430 would be the most popular, and it sure was.Supposedly, these cars are from their rental lot, so I did have to take out extra insurance for the day (not bad, ~$40)... just in case April got a little too throttle happy and plowed in to barricades.  When I arrived, check-in was seamless, though I did have to wait about 45min longer because they were running behind of schedule.  Once called back, the instructor gave a very quick (~5min) and brief overview of the track and basic rules and whatnot.. then off to the line for Lambo.  Lucky me, I only had to wait for 2 guys (yes, as usual, I was the only girl in our group to pay $200 to drive a high-class beauty)... then it was my turn.  Ahhhhhh, the exhilaration!.. the heart races, the palms grip 3 and 9o'clock .. and the throttle is engaged!  Ah, dare I say it was orgasmic??All the staff was top-notch - clearly there for you to have a good time yet keeping safety in mind.  The instructor in my car was friendly and helpful and definitely let me make the experience about what *I* wanted to get out of it.. he was great!.. a song comes to mind: "If I was rich girl.. nah nah nah nah nan nah nah nah nah nan nah nah nah nah nah..."  If I was a rich girl, this little Gallardo would come home with me tonight ;)  Definitely an 'as good as it gets' experience brought to you by Global Exotic!!
5	What a great experience.  I needed a car for the weekend for my wife and I, and the local rental agencies were crazy expensive for a regular car (i.e., a Impala) so I looked around and for a little bit more, my weekend away with my wife turned into a weekend away in a 911 cabriolet ...and my wife.  It started off with the car being dropped off at baggage claim, WOW, my wife was really excited and so was I.  Within 5 minutes we were on our way.  The car ran awesome all weekend, absolutely a high end well maintained car.  We met Charlie at Departure at 6:15AM on a Monday ,he was there, waiting to take the car back.  One of the best rental experiences I've had and it changed the dynamic of the entire weekend!  Will definitely rent again from GECR!  Thanks!
5	the local car rental places in Phoenix were so expensive that I decided to look at a luxury car. For a few dollars more I was able to rent a 911 cabriolet for the weekend.  Not only was the price right,  Charlie dropped the car off at baggage claim,  which was great as I didn't have to take a can or shuttle.  The car ran great all weekend,  and in addition to having a blast driving it, it's always nice to get a few head turns.  When the weekend was done Charlie was waiting at 6:15 AM on a Monday at Sky Harbor departures to pick up the car. Great great experience, I recommend and will be back.
5	I had a great time at the track today, I was able to do a few laps with a Ferrari.  The instructors and event organizers were very nice. I thought they might not let me drive fast, but we were allowed to drive as fast as we could- fun!
3	As a lifelong car buff, I was looking to fulfill a dream by driving an exotic on a track. Prior to this, the most exotic car I ever drove was a brief spin in my friend's dad's AMG SL63, an amazing car, but couldn't do much driving on the street. With the limits removed on the track I was admittedly nervous. The toughest choice was between the F430 and the Gallardo, however, I chose the F430 as I felt RWD would make for a better track experience than the AWD Lambo.The day started out great. We were warmly greeted at the gate. Registration was easy and the instruction was thorough and brief. I waited my turn and upon finding out that the Green Gallardo was a RWD model I thought of changing my mind, but then looked down at the Ferrari logo on my shirt(which I purchased at the museum in Maranello) and stuck with the Ferrari. Now on to why I chose 3-stars for this review. When the driver returned from the previous ride, he got out and I was in. After taking a couple of brief photos and barely having time to adjust the seat, we were off. The ride itself was fun, however, the guy in the yellow Lambo in front of me was going way too slow! It wasn't until the ride was over when I told the instructor that I ride a 600cc supersport bike that I found out that I could've started ahead of the guy in the Lambo, instead the experience was nearly ruined. The instructor was great at explaining the track during the ride, however, I wish he would've asked me prior to take off what I drive and what my level of experience/comfort is. To top it off, as quick as I got in, I was out. I was hoping for the experience to include spending a little more time with the car to get a feel for the interior, check out the engine and controls, etc. Also, just a side note, as these cars are part of the Global Exotic rental fleet for liability reasons we were required to drive the F1 transmission in auto mode and drive with the top up. Despite the auto mode, the shifts were still very quick and it did not take away from the experience. Having the top-down would've been cool as well as I've owned 2 convertibles(a Firebird and Mustang, neither of which were anything close to as nice as this F430), however, this too did not take away from the experience.Overall the experience was good, but there's still room for improvement. I hope for next time that they can spend just a few minutes surveying us on our level of experience/comfort prior to taking off and to give us a couple of minutes to really soak in the "OMG, I'm in a Ferrari" feeling.
5	This is my 4th auto lease with Global Exotic Car Rentals They have consistently beat all other prices and absolutely go out of their way to make you happy.
