5	You can't beat a 10 dollar men's haircut. Just as good, if not better than any other haircut I've gotten from any other salon like Great Clips, Supercuts, etc. Granted, I have a relatively easy short hairstyle. But that's all the more reason to not pay over 10$ for it. Friendly, good hair stylists and I'm happy to support them with my business. You should too! Also, there's almost never a wait--a huge plus side to this little gem.
5	Got a great haircut from Gina but after going a few times Crystal is my favorite for my short hair. Men's short cuts are only $10, other prices are very affordable as well. Super clean and very friendly, highly recommend!
5	OK...so I'm not a loyal guy with barbers/stylists, etc. Never have been. Spend $10, $15, $40 on a haircut, whatever...when I need one I get one. That said; my recent visit to Sportsclips made me look closer at a new place to try, and came across Ruth's from the reviews and realized I walk by this place all the time. On a recent visit I had Gina, and she was great. $10 for a 10 minute haircut that was great. Simple as that. The outside of the building is nothing to write home about, but it's an old salon that the owners are bringing back to life in a great way! I'm a new regular!
5	$10 for a great men's haircut from Crystal. I was used to paying nearly 3 times that in Atlanta for a haircut of this quality. Can't beat it.
4	I was finishing up several days of work in Charlotte and desperately needed a haircut.  I tweeted @YelpCharlotte and Nicole made this (EXCELLENT) rec...which I so appreciate.  Normally I drop $40 on a haircut in NYC (where I live)...which I understand is criminal. - I made an appt- Ladies here are so incredibly friendly and it's apparent they know all of their clientele and that folks come back again-and-again- Gina cut my hair, taking care but not taking forever. - TEN DOLLARS, y'all.  OMG.  - I almost choked (see above, only $10US)
5	Wow!  I'm new in town and put off getting a haircut for a couple of months -- then went online and found the reviews about Ruth's.  It was an easy walk from the Bland Street Lynx Station.  They were open on a Monday (always a plus for a hair salon) and took me right away without an appointment.  I have short hair and my cut was $10 -- and it was so good they could have charged me double and I wouldn't have complained.   I highly recommend them and will definitely go back on a regular basis.Kathy B.
5	I've been getting my hair cut for a pretty long time, and I am a very loyal guy when I find the right ratio of quality / service / price.... I used the same guy ( Hector) at the WPB super cuts for more than 6 years, so I gave S.C.s 2 chances  when I moved here. Big Mistake.... Bad attitude Bad haircut.  The GF recommended her place, men's cut start at $50 and go up ..  for that price I can buy a Flowbee and do it myself !  I checked Yelp and found Ruth's.... a bit of a throwback in terms of decor, you will miss it if you are not looking for it, I actually drove by it on the first pass. So happy I was persistent.  Small place, only 2 chairs ( I think), no appointment, little to no wait, Fantastic haircut at a spectacular price. During my first cut there was a high school aged girl getting a cut and color in the next chair, who was more excited about the end result than I had ever witnessed in any place I have ever been.  $10 hair cut, 50% tip makes me feel like a big spender ... and I walk out with a smile on my face.
5	Okay, first of all, ten dollars. Ten dollars! TEN DOLLARS! Holy fuck!If that's not enough to motivate you to get your rear end into one of Ruth's Hair Styling Salon's seats when it's time to trim your mangy scruff, then let me elaborate:The place is super-conveniently located in the South End right off of South Boulevard, where there is plenty of street parking. From the moment I walked in, my hairstylist was friendly and casual; within two minutes we were talking like we were old friends. She gave me a great haircut that was stylish, but not too unusual and I got to take as many Dum-Dum lollipops on my way out as the fat kid inside of me could handle. I gave her a 100% tip because ten dollars.Couldn't recommend this place more as a place to get your haircut done well, on the cheap, by awesome people at a locally-owned place.
5	I don't have much to say other than what everyone else has said. The stylist at Ruth's cut my hair for $10-freaking-dollars and did a great job. There's not much more to it than that! I'll miss my old stylist, but I can't justify spending twice what my haircut at Ruth's cost when the quality is so similar.
5	Those who know me know how much I don't believe in overpriced hair salons. It's hair, it will grow. And for the past years I have been happily serving as guinea pig for several schools around town. But I think I have found a permanent home for my mop.I discovered Ruth's from the infamous $10 haircut pitch I heard from a guy friend. I just needed a trim for my newly cut short hair (by the way, short hair takes so much more work and maintenance!) and I didn't have time to wait for an opening at the school or the 3 hours they would take up from my day. So Ruth's I went.It's in South End, behind Beijing, so I went at my lunch break. No appointment, no wait. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes. No, there wasn't any head massage or even a shampoo service. Crystal simply spray bottled my hair wet and got the job done. And yup, it was $10!  So happy they didn't charge more because I am a girl. I even had enough cash left over to eat lunch next door and got back to work within my hour break. I went back the other day, 3 weeks after my 1st visit, because I was spotting a faux mullet again. This time I even showed Crystal a pic of what I would like my hair to resemble. I can tell from her movement that she is very skilled. It is nice to not have to be at edge of seat wondering what on earth will my hair look like. $10 (plus tips) and 15 minutes later I was thrilled with my updated do. Crystal, you rock!
2	This was the first place in Charlotte my guy went to get his hair cut. With all the glowing 5-star reviews, we figured this would be an awesome place. I guess you get what you pay for... $10 is definitely VERY cheap but the cut wasn't good. The neckline was crooked (my biggest pet peeve!) and the lady, while very talkative and nice, was really rough when cutting. Maybe it was a fluke but we won't going back.
4	Was looking for a shampoo/ dry/style for my 85 year old cousin who was visiting that  was not $40.  Ruth's was the perfect place.  Tracy was wonderful and my cousin's hair looked fabulous for $15.  I saw them do cuts men, apply color or just style--they are very quick and so reasonable.  Highly recommend them.  Two women stylists who seem to know what they are doing.
4	I usually get really nervous when I see hair cuts for under $10, but the girls here are great, asked for a trim and they took just the right amount off, no complaints!
4	This place is a gem.  Prior to coming here I was going to a place that had great stylists but they didn't allow for appointments and that was a major issue for me because I like to have an assigned time to come in and get my haircut.  Ruth's allows for walkins and for appointments which is a better fit for me.The stylists here are nice and friendly and the price of the cut really can't be beat.  My haircut was only $10 (without tip).  That's borderline free these days.  I would highly suggest this place to anyone looking for a cut.The interior isn't anything fancy but it has a little character for sure.
5	Great haircut for an UNREAL price! Quick too. Highly recommend this place!
5	I've been here many times, and were never disappointed with my hair cut.  Ask for Tracy, she takes her time and knows exactly how you'd like your hair.
5	This place is amazing.  The women who work there are fun and very friendly and they do amazing work.  They talk to you before you sit down to make sure you are on the same page before they start cutting.I was super hesitant the first time I came here because of the price (what's a $20 haircut really going to look like?) but I've been here 3 times and so long as I'm in Charlotte, this is the only place I'm going to get my hair cut.  Absolutely come to Ruth's.
5	This is the best place by far to get a mens haircut in Charlotte. I struggled fora y years trying to find a consist and good stylist, and then I found Sheila. She does a great job and she's awesome. If you want a great, quality, affordable haircut in the QC, go to Ruth's. Also don't forget to tip well, these girls are giving away haircuts for only 10 bucks!!!
5	Can't go wrong at Ruth's.  Quick service, and you're going to get a damn solid haircut.  Great prices, too!
2	So I think this place is good if you're a man. They cut your hair, it's cheap, blah blah. But if you're a woman...the word lacking comes to mind. They don't wash your hair before cutting it. They don't even wet it. They just sit you down, adorn you with a disgusting cape, raise their sharp talon scissors and whack! there go half of your raggedy ends. The other half you get to keep. Like that annoying demi-friend who follows you around, those ends are there to stay. They're definitely not dropping you at Ruth's.
2	I used to love Ruth's, $10 haircut! And out the door in less than 30 minutes! I am a simple gal with simple needs. A $10 haircut is perfect.But they have raised the price to a shocking $18, almost double and then an added tip? Eek.I still got a $10 haircut that took less than 30 minutes, but it cost me $25. I'll be going to the salon schools now. I would prefer Ruth's $10 haircut.
5	Yeah, Ruth's is good if you're a man. A manly man who has no time for any fru apricot-pineapple hair treatments. I don't want a fruit salad in my hair.The three women who work there are all personable, efficient and they know their stuff. And they'll let you know that they know it. They remember their customers and it's laid back. My girl is Sheila and she don't take no shit. Great personality and knows her Boston sports.IT'S NOT CORPORATE.Thank God for that. Some days I think about printing up some tee shirts that read "Keep Charlotte Corporate." So not only do I get my hair did, but I get to support a local business. Win-win.I saw some reviews grousing about how the haircut is now $12. Really? That's still less than SuperCuts, where you have a different person every time cutting your hair differently every time. It's a surprise! Or the other place, Great Clips. Last time I went there, a transvestite cut my hair. Call me old fashioned and small minded, but that ain't my bag. Overall, for quality, price, experience & service, I haven't found a hair cuttery that can top Ruth's.
5	I've finally found a great men's haircut in Charlotte. I bounced around between Sports Clips and a few other local barbers, but never found a cut I was consistently happy with until Ruth's.  I've had my ears lowered by all 3 ladies and each did a great job.  Sheila is my favorite, the kind of quick talking, quick clippin' broad that gets you in and out in less than 15.  Also only costs $15 after tip.  Tracy and Crystal are great too, it really doesn't matter.  Simply love this place.  Friendly, fast, cheap, quality men's haircut.
5	Dont expect fru fru or anything fancy.  These girls have personality and they show it.  If you have been looking for a fun place to get your hair cut this is the place.
