1	I know for $20 what should I expect - I expect them to cut my hair how I ask.   Nothing fancy just a good mans cut. I got the one cheap hair cut they teach in barber school.  The one no one has asked for in the history of hair.  I am 47 and I'm stuck with an 8 yr olds hair cut till it grows out cuz the " stylist " can't listen or follow instructions. Not everyone in this location is bad but I won't take the chance again    I won't be back.  Too many choices to have to put up with service this bad.   Amy the manager was very nice and accommodating  and professional.  Thank you Amy and good luck with u know who !
4	These salons have a dozen or more stylists working on any one week, it's totally unfair to trash the salon  because of one stylist, especially since "the manager was very nice and accommodating  and professional"I'm an old fart with a lots of unruly hair, to boot I want scissor cuts not razor which makes their work harder. All three stylists I've had so far  - I'm seeing Brittany these days - were fully competent at giving a man's haircut.  which is a lot more than I can say for the years of hit and miss I've suffered with Supercuts. Plus I like the little extras like the hot towels, I only wish they had news instead of sports on the TVs, that's all.
3	Came in here on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed so there was a bit of a wait.  The stylist made sure to tell everyone that and her times (estimated) were pretty spot on.  I was not a fan of the waiting area though since they were sports bleacher seats oriented in front of the TV.  All the seats were taken and people basically had to cross in front of the tv as they came to sign in.  Just a weird set up.All in all, I got called up, got my MVP and done in less time that I was actually waiting for a haircut.  My stylist Katrina (?) was super nice a thanked me for waiting for so long.The other issue was that I guess they were having some maintenance issues so the guy coming to fix the plumbing was in and out.  He was going to shut the water off in the middle of my haircut, but my stylist asked for 10 min to finish me up and let me get on my way.
2	Down to 2 1/2 starsThe turnover is high, I went through half a dozen stylists in less that 2 yrs -with mixed results of course.  Also there's always a long wait these days. I tried putting my name down and returning later, no joy still: ended up waiting another 30 minutes and left without  a haircut, waste of time.
1	As I'm sitting in the chair, the nice stylists are all chatting back and forth with some friendly banter.  "We're so much better than the other location because we have fun!""Yea, they're all trying to win awards and stuff, but we're better because we like to talk with each other...."Don't get me wrong, I like a friendly conversation as much as the next chap, but maybe they should spend less time chatting and more time working on winning awards. My hair cut is about 2 snips away from being a "flock of seagulls"-do.  It's awful, it's like she only knows one way to cut a guys hair, I asked for something else, so she tried to blend the two and I wound up with a haircut Hellen Keller (god rest her soul) could have done in her sleep.Realistically speaking, there is another hair cut place, LITERALLY across the parking lot.  While this isn't the location the girls were discussing, it has to be a better alternative than this one.
1	Zero stars!!!!!! They skipped my son admitted they did then proceeded to take another customer BEFORE him! I am trying to keep it together in front of him but this is ridiculous!!!! We are still sitting here waiting,  patiently!!!!! We will NOT return.
