4	A friend of mine came from New Orleans, and she was very excited when this place opened.  She dragged me along to try it out, and I have been back a few times since.  This place is just great.Normally, I am not a fan of shaved ice, Italian ice, slushies, or even snow.  I admit, I was very cynical about trying it at first.  However, I noticed that they really do have a plethora of flavors, including fruit flavors, different desserts, and even a dill pickle - literally, they have over 100 flavors.  Then I had to make the decision to narrow it down to just one, and on the first visit I chose the wedding cake flavor.  Oh wow, it was really good.  The flavor was very close to the taste of that treat, and they added enough of the flavor that it permeated the whole snoball.  To make things even better, you can choose to add sweetened condensed milk for a small price more.  I think that managed to create something magical there, and I greatly enjoyed it.  My friend got the blue raspberry with the sweetened condensed milk, which was also wonderful.  The second visit, I tried the caramel, which was also good (although not as much as the wedding cake), and my partner had the bubble gum. One of my friends just raved about the candy apple flavor as well.And truly, you just can't beat the prices.  Their junior size is $1.50, and even that is a pretty decent size.  For $2, you get their medium, and it is more than enough to fill you up (and give you a brain freeze, if you're into that sort of thing).  Their largest one is only $4, and it is gigantic.  For a mere $.50 more, you can add the sweetened condensed milk.  The prices all include tax, which is pretty awesome.  So, for $10, four adults were able to have a very satisfying dessert.The staff is also incredibly friendly and helpful.  They have a nice location next to the Walmart shopping center, and it is convenient to get in and out of.  They have a few tables you can sit at out and about, and a decent parking lot.  My only complaint is that the lot has no painted lines, and so people have some difficulty figuring out the parking situation.  Still, that isn't about to drive me away.If you're looking for a cheap place to get a tasty shaved ice dessert, I highly highly recommend Pelican's SnoBalls.  However, this place is only open seasonally.
5	Finally made it to check out the SnoBalls.  This was a late evening visit and although there was no one in line, it took a bit for the SnoBalls to be prepared.  In any case, the SnoBalls were quite tasty; better than a Snow Cone.  The number of flavors is unreal.  You can have just about anything that suits your fancy.  When you get to the bottom of the cone (mango), the combination of the extra flavoring and ice is soft and sweet.  Very good and good for you, I think.  After all, it's just ice, right?!  The cost is less than ice cream and you definitely won't get as many calories!  For that, I say cheers!
3	Nice little treat on a hot day. Would be even better if they were able to use real fruit. They have clear flavors (Screaming ARTIFICIAL!), which i'm sure keeps some little kids from having messy clothes. Pelican's closes at the end of October.
5	I love icy stuff.  Slushes, Italian ice, Slurpees, etc. are all good to me (in varying degrees).  While I have been meaning to try this place since it opened, I somehow never got around to it.  Well, today I was moseying on by with a little bit of a sore throat and it suddenly became a NEED.  They are located in what I am positive used to be some sort of automotive-y shop or something similar.  I remember driving by the building and wondering why it hadn't been demolished.  Such an eyesore.  Now Pelican's is in there, and they have painted it (BRIGHTLY), and revitalized this little building that otherwise would have been razed.Anyway, the most difficult part was trying to decide on a flavor, since they have over 100!  I went with peach and it really fit the bill.  I really love how small the crystals are.  The prices are outstanding, as well.  I intend to bring the kids often this summer!
5	BEST PLACE FOR DESSERT IN CHARLOTTE, hands down. Just go there, you won't be dissapointed. With hundreds of flavors, there is something for everyone. I hope this place never shuts down because it's one of the best undiscovered gems. While I like how it's never busy, they deserve to have lots of business!!!
4	It's exactly what it sounds like -- snow balls. Headline: Brightly painted shack serves up an obscene amount of flavored syrups over shaved ice. That's some key terminology, friends. Shaved. Ice. Not chipped or crushed or mashed or cubed or whatever. It's shaved ice and it's glorious. Perfect texture, consistency, and delivery for your palate. Choose pretty much any flavor on their board and you're bound for a unique experience. Flavors range from bubblegum, sour apple, cola, mai thai, and even toothpaste. Good:Grenade - sour, sour, sour, and delicious.Mai Thai - Just like the cocktailGross:Cream soda - WRONGThat's as far as we've gotten. The summer will prove to allow more of Pelicans' fare.Also, it's so utterly cheap. Medium is only $2. They take cards. In the meantime, ponder why you didn't know this joint existed (unless you already did), get in your car, and go for a snowball on a summer evening after a rainstorm. Or....just go whenever you feel good and ready.
5	Am I in Hawaii??When I think of how good this shaved ice taste.I'm reminded of the shaved ice in Hawaii with the cream on top! AHHHMAZZZING!I truly enjoy coming to Pelican's because its very reasonably priced (2.00 will get you enough here) ...they have gazillion flavors and the staff is great for making recommendations and giving you all the insight needed to pick the right choice for your taste buds! I enjoy cream soda with cream with a hint of fruit flavor added like mango or passion fruit! yummmmmm! Anyway they are closed for the winter months but that seems when I crave it the most! but anyway enjoy it! its on north tryon next to walmart! It is a cute blue and pink shack...I love this place!
4	I love this place reason for 4 and not 5 is that I would like if they had more sugar free flavors. That would make them a 5 out of 5. I like also that there is always parking and the prices are reasonable.
5	One of my favorite summer spots!  Just like the Snow Balls I grew up eating in New Orleans...sometimes even better!  The prices are perfect and the flavors are authentic.  Their chocolate, praline, and nectar are exactly as they should be.  Top them with some condensed milk to make them even more delicious!  You NEED to stop here!
5	There are so many flavors to choose from, it took me forever to decide! I got the Wedding Cake flavor and it was amazing. It had a hint of amaretto flavor- SO GOOD!! The ice was shaved so smooth, it actually resembled snow, unlike the typical crunchy, gritty, overly sweet sno cone.I was really intrigued by the dill pickle and the toothpaste flavors that they offer...maybe I'll be brave next time!
5	Pelicans is the stuff! First off, its a cute little pastel colored shack that makes you feel like you are at the beach even though in reality you are next to a busy road and a Golden Corral. The variety of flavors is so extensive that they literally have something for everyone (even those of you who want Dill Pickle flavored). My personal fave as the native Marylander than I am is Egg Custard with marshmallow... the medium a whopping 2.50 and its more than big enough. Way more afforable than ice cream places and more health conscious as well ( at least I like to tell myself it is). I can't wait to be back! HeAvEn oN EaRtH!
3	Awesome treat when made correctly sometimes they skimp on flavor and plan ahead the long or short lines move very slow!!!!!!
5	Year to year, this is my summer time favorite. Their quality is perfect for a snowball. Just like the ones from New Orleans. If you are looking for some great authentic flavors, try the chocolate or the praline topped with condensed milk. My favorite is wedding cake. And the prices are great for a cheap treat when you are leaving Ikea!
5	What a great find in Charlotte....having had shave ice many times in Kauai, HI & New Orleans...this is the real deal!The texture is great, very smooth & fluffy, no weird tasting syrup, I choose the passion fruit/coconut with the condensed milk topping ( adding a snow cap is a must ) & sitting on the rainbow colored picnic bench, enjoying this treat on a sunny summer evening was pure bliss!I hope this quaint place never shuts down, it creates sweet, simple memories in today's hectic world...
5	This place is amaze"balls"! The employees are very friendly, and the product is unlike any other I have had. The shaved ice really holds the flavor and Meeks in your mouth! They are always up for new creations, if you can think it, they will make it. The wild strawberry and kiwi is divine, as well as the coffee flavored. Everything I have tried tastes just like the actual food or drink. It's truly amazing. The price is beyond reasonable as well. Go on a night they have live music, and bring the kids. Very family oriented with games and tables. A great way to end any night!
5	The service is always great! Pelicans is one of my favorite places to find a cold treat!
