4	Decided to give this place a try after I found out they had Four Peaks Kiltlifters on draft. That's always a big positive to carry the local beers instead of the normal Bud Light, Coors, etc collections. When we walked in the door the band that was playing greeted us, which was cool. Almost no wait time to sit down very nice for a Friday night. We ordered the Buffalo Gold Fries and some wings(Buffalo Garlic Parmesan and Buffalo Gold). The fries were pretty amazing and very filling and the amount is quite generous. The wings were also very good i'm a big fan of the Buffalo Garlic Parmesan. It's a very interesting flavor and not something i've found around Phoenix. Our server was friendly and kept our drinks full which is all I can really ask for. The only constructive thing I might suggest is for them to check out the Soda machine, I think the mixture of syrup to carbonation is off. This isn't enough to scare me off as a customer and Ill be returning in the future as long as this place keeps everything up.
1	Decided to check out the new spot for us locals of buckeye and was very impressed w the live band, I love live music, sat at the bar, our favorite spot but it took over 10 min for a bartender to greet us much less ask us for our order, then we were asked if we would like a menu, yes, and they never came back to ask if we wanted to order - an hour later. So we took our tab paid and left to the next spot. Please work on your customer service much attention is needed. HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
4	Finally!  A fantastic bar and grill on the far west side!  Service is awesome and food is fantastic!  Fresh wings, not frozen and you can taste the difference!     Four Peaks Kiltlifter on draft is a home run, and they have a great IPA on tap too. Great Happy Hour menu.  Megan, our waitress was great!  Plenty of TVs so you will catch every game.  Only suggestion - get BuzzTime Trivia for some added entertainment.  Overall - great food, clean place, friendly staff.  We will be back - often!
3	We decided to try this new bar in Buckeye. We had appetizers and beer since it was the afternoon on a Saturday. We had two signature appetizers,  mac and cheese bites and bootylicious dip. They were both good but really rich. The atmosphere was upbeat and they played a lot of country music on the jukebox. The bar was pretty full with bikers and older people. It would be a good place to come to watch the game or hang out with friends.
4	Nice option for Buckeye residents with good food and good local beers on tap. LOVE KILTLIFTER on tap. Plenty of tvs to watch games on and good atmosphere.  I would love to see something unique like food competition or challenge with a winners wall just to be unique and fun to watch people try to win. Only recommendation is a bit more attention from the wait staff as they were a bit slow.
5	Great place!!! Fantastic atmosphere!!! Food is also very good! Very nice job during lunch hours as well if you need to get in and out!
4	We were out and about and decided to stop in for a beer and some wings. We were greeted promptly and sat right away. There were a fair amount of people in the restaurant for the time of day. There is a nice bar some high top tables and an area with short tables and booths for those with kids. We were happy to see Shock Top available and we were especially happy when we found out it was only $2.75! We shared an order of 20 wings which were quite large and meaty. We ordered garlic Parmesan buffalo sauce in medium, but next time we would definitely get hot as medium was not too spicy. They had several other sauces to choose from. We are definitely planning to return to try some of the other foods or appetizers. This would be a fun place to watch a game or hang out with a group of friends. The food was great, the beer was COLD, the service was quick and friendly and the prices were awesome!
1	We were seated pretty quick but it went down hill from there. waited for 30 min for the food. The waiter brought us a water and it tasted awful like it came out of a fracking operation or something. The burger was cold and didn't look like other burgers, like it was a kids burger or something. The wings were way over cooked dry and chewy with sauce poured over the top of them not tossed like they're supposed to. This food was downright terrible, no need to return to eat here..
3	My Best Friend was in town from Illinois, thought we would try out the new Bootys.  We were able to seat ourselves, the atmosphere was nice.. The food took a long time before served.  The wings were really good, I was not impressed with the over cooked fries.  The one thing that aggravated me the most was that we were still eating when they brought us our check..  Then a few min later came back asked if we were ready to pay.. No!This happened 3 more times, I'm eating my friggen chicken wings, I have sauce on my fingers, what the heck were they expecting me to do, drop my wing, dig in my purse to pay right away? Let me finish first!!She says I just don't want you to feel rushed. Well what the hell did she think she was doing? Rushing us out the door! The waitress was fine, but it was the greeter who rushed us and she's lucky she didn't ruin the tip for the waitress ...  Let's see how long this bar lasts in that location..
2	The music being played is awful. I'm one of three customers at 11:35 AM on a Wednesday. I'm scared to see what awaits me. There are lots of flies. Lots of TV screens and nice staff so far. No way can they afford being open with no customers at this time of day. I didn't want fast food. Now I'm regretting not going to Taco Bell for lunch.Okay, my food came. I ordered the Cali-Burger. I didn't like the bun. The meat lacked good flavor and the fries were terrible (really just sopping with grease).I asked for the WiFi password and was told "because of the credit card machine even I don't know that!"  Um, okay? I give this pace 5 months unless they make serious changes. Bottom line, my lunch sucked. I would not come back here.
4	Snuck into this hidden gem this past Friday.. All I have to say is that this place is far better than Native. They give you VERY generous portions and the beer is ice cold. Many, many wing sauces to choose from; it's ridiculous. TVs everywhere, but at the same time it is not annoyingly loud. Servers are friendly and know what they're doing. The only thing that keeps it from receiving five stars is the fact the restroom is for only one patron at a time which can be annoying if your trying to take the browns to Super Bowl but someone keeps interrupting the game; if you know what I mean...
4	They have good food good service! My favorite is the bootys patatoe wedges, they are delicious also the wings crispy! Just how I like them. They have a big variety of flavors to choose from. Friendly staff. Give it a try! Been here more than twice and have not been disappointed!
4	My husband and I have been here twice, the atmosphere is fun and energetic. The food is ok my husband gets burgers and wings he says they're great. I've had the Asian salad and that was yummy but tonight I had the fish fry and it was greasy and really dark like the oil was old. The band however was wonderful! Also our waitress was very friendly and knew the menu very well. We will be back :)
2	Been here a couple of times now.  Now the food is only average.  The macaroni salad is gross!! There are plenty of TVs around with sports on them.  The service is actually weak.  We had a cool waiter once, but today the waiter was non existent and the girl that brought us our beers was spilling them everywhere.  The bands that have been there the 2 times we were there.....sucked and were too loud.  The booty brew on tap is pretty tasty.  The only reason I would return here is if someone from out of town wanted to try here.
2	Let me start by saying that we were really excited to try this place ever since the place that was there before (Halftime Bar & Grill) closed down.  I heard through word of mouth that Booty's was off to a good start and that the owners were very good people.We decided to give it a try on a Tuesday night about 6:30 PM.  We were greeted right away and told to sit wherever we wanted (I like it when places do that).  The decor is basic sports bar stuff -- nothing special, just normal stuff, lots of TVs.  The menu was pretty interesting.  There's lots of choices, from various sandwiches and burgers to wings and fries.  We decided to try the wings because we heard they were great.  We ordered the boneless wings -- 10 piece Sweet Honey BBQ and a 10 piece Garlic Parmesan -- and each got a side of fries as well.  I ordered a Coke and a water, and that was my first mistake.  Our drinks came and... I can't really describe in words how terrible they were.  I am NOT a picky person (especially when it comes to basic stuff like SODA...) but these were completely undrinkable.  I hate complaining, but I told our server I thought something was wrong with it, so she brought me another Coke.  It tasted the same, with this really terrible aftertaste.  The water had a similar taste but wasn't nearly as bad.  Our server told us that it was because of the Buckeye water.  I don't understand how that could be.  I live in Buckeye and have tried almost every restaurant in town, and all of their sodas taste normal.  This wasn't a "bad water" taste, though.  It was so horrible, like something crawled in their soda fountain and died and we were drinking the remains.Our food came, and the disappointment continued.  We were given forks but no knives, and they forgot the celery.  The ranch dressing was watered down and tasted like something from a high school cafeteria at best.  The blue cheese was okay.  The fries were pretty terrible.  They were dry and lukewarm.  We had to ask for ketchup because they were so bad.They said they had award winning chicken wings, and I'm assuming they were the traditional bone-in wings because our boneless wings were not very good.  They were dry and overcooked.  The sauce on the honey BBQ was just poured on top of the center so I had to toss them myself to mix it around.  The garlic parmesan was the best.  We liked the shredded parm on top, it was a very interesting touch.  The sauces were both good, but the chicken itself was pretty bad.The reason I gave this place 2 stars and not fewer is because the service was so good.  Our server (Lindsay?) was really great.  She was very friendly and attentive, and quickly resolved a couple of issues that came up.  Also, someone (the manager I think) came by our table a few times to make sure things were going well.  We appreciated that.  I didn't complain about the food because even though it was subpar, we ate everything in its entirety, and I hate complaining.I really hope they fix the issues with the soda and water, because I would love to come back to this place to try a bunch of things they had on their menu.  The sandwiches and burgers sound good. I'm also willing to give the traditional wings a shot.  I hope this place makes it because, from our experience as well as from what my friends and coworkers have told me, they have great owners and a fantastic staff.
4	I think this place is pretty good! The hot wings are my favorite. I've had bone in and out and bone in are waaaay better as boneless are dry(ordered them twice). I used to go to Palermo's in the same plaza for wings but Booty's wings are way better.I've only had excellent service here. I've worked as a server and bartender for years, previously at at popular restaurant in downtown Phoenix so I feel like I can be a good judge of this. I went in on a Wednesday, ordered 2 draft beers and 5 wings and my tab was under $10.  I drive 50 miles to go to restaurants I like on a frequent basis so having a place here in Buckeye that is actually good and not just OK is awesome. Glad I decided to give it a try.Oh and to the reviewer below: The water in Buckeye is AWFUL, at least if Valencia is your water company. I ordered water on my last visit and thought to myself,"Yup, Buckeye water." It's not Booty's fault. I don't even cook with my tap water, that's how much I hate it!
1	This isn't the best place. As I walked in there is an EXTREMELY loud band that was terrible! We ordered our drinks and I got water. The water tasted really really dirty. I was already  disappointed and was expecting the food to be better. After waiting over 30 minutes we got out food. Our wings were pretty good, but not worth the price. Our french fries came out cold. I won't be eating here again that's for sure !
4	Nice music, the burger was tasty, cooked just right. The crown and diet coke was priced very reasonably and made with ample supply of alcohol. I will definitely go back...soon.
4	Took the family here for dinner. We loved the wings! Best wings in the area!! Hamburgers were huge and delicious.  French fries got thumbs up from the kids.  Blue Cheese burger had too much blue cheese but was still delicious. Definitely will come again.
3	This place is smelly! And where are the sexy  waiters??!! But the smell is so...delightful....and the music...seriously, backstreet boys?!
5	What a great place awesome friendly staff.  Live musicians on Fri and Sat cheapest drinks ive found 1.75 booty brew  ( tastes like coors)..  stick to the wings as they are very good buffalo chipotle garlic won first in national buffalo wing festival.   Also take a minute to talk to the staff very funny people (Also how i learned a out the first place medal).  Previous reviews where when bootys just started out.  Definetly evolved since then...  Why judge off of teething issues.
2	Some of the worse wings I've had, doesn't finish them, left and went next door to order a pizza and they gave me free wings after hearing how bad of a taste I still had. Only thing I could day was at less the server tried to help.
3	Prices seem pretty good, we ordered the wings which were good as well as variety of sauces.  Did not care for the fried mushrooms which had a layer of oil at the bottom of the basket.
