3	Halfpenny's is a soda / ice cream / quick-bite-to-eat shop in the bottom of Two Wachovia Center.  Hours are 7 a.m. to 4 p.m.  This is a popular spot to grab coffee, bagels and muffins in the morning but don't look for a lot of menu variety at lunch.   It's fine for your morning coffee and afternoon ice cream cravings, but I'd say get lunch somewhere else.
5	Halfpenny just served me the creamiest, chocolaty-iest chocolate ice cream I've had in like, forever!Working out of our Charlotte location this week, I missed my office's Cookie Wednesday.....but not to cry b/c this location has Ice Cream WednesdaysStopped by the previous morning to stock up on water & the lady was super-friendly.  She chatted up my coworker (he was a local) and there were yummy looking bagels & pastries - prepackaged but still looked yummySo when this super-decadent, ultra-creamy ice cream is given to me, one bite was all it took for me to be in luv.  Others got Strawberry & Vanilla & I gotta say that Strawberry looked homemade w/ its huge hunks of fresh berriesThen I'm told it came from the very same place I'd been to, just the day before??My coworker also said they make a mean milkshake!  Will totally be back!!
5	I love a place where you can get a sandwich on a toasted "everything" bagel.  Halfpenny's is my jam when I just want a bagel sandwich and some chips, and maybe a yogurt.  The staff is super duper awesome, and I always seem to catch myself in the elevator with the owners and their family, they are so cute.  This is a great "quick fix" lunch place, and I've heard from co-workers that the breakfast stuff is pretty good too.  All around solid choice for me!
5	Cheap, delicious, fresh coffee.  I'm not talking about the stale cup of plain joe you get at ANY other regular coffee shop that tastes like dirty burned coffee beans.  If your office doesn't have a coffee maker, I highly suggest making a trip down here.  If you're concerned about the preparation - it's regular old drip coffee, not percolator, so do with that information what you will.A medium java sets you back only $1.70, and they have a ton of flavored coffees if you're into that.  Normally I'm not, but I tried the "Hawaiian Macadamia Nut" today, and ALOHAAAAA... delicious.  You can't really beat it for a cheap and good quality cuppa.  (*side note* there is a $3 minimum for credit cards, so bring cash if you're coming down for just coffee)
5	This is my spot for coffee and bagels each day. Ice cream is also fantastic... They remember what I order and I get my bagel and coffee in about 3 minutes. Service doesn't get any better than here!!
5	Halfpennys has been my go-to spot for lunch for years. Frankly, dollar-for-dollar, it is the best value in Charlotte for that quick, inexpensive, grab-and-go lunch, especially for those who eat out on a regular basis and just need FOOD. I have tried to find other places to get sandwiches (often more expensive), but the value isn't there. I'd rather pay $5 at halfpennys than $8 at some other flashy joint or chain. Just a better deal, better quality, better service. Try the egg salad sandwich. I haven't found it's equal. Moreover, it has been consistently good since i found this place 10 years ago. And if you have room, get yourself a chocolate malt. By far the best malt I've ever had.
4	Halfpenny's has been in this spot for FOREVER, and even with changes of ownership through the decades, the food and service remain consistent.Good food, good prices, friendly service.  The owner remembers my preferences, ALWAYS!   And remembers my name, as well as the names of other regulars.   Love this place!One time a colleague was kind enough to get my lunch, but did not remember my preferences.  When my colleague mentioned my name, the owner told her how I like my sandwiches!This is a very popular spot for fast breakfasts, good-value lunch specials, and ICE CREAM!  Love those mid-afternoon pick-me-up milk shakes.Not a coffee drinker, but this is a very popular coffee place, offering many different flavors.The Mrs. recommends Halfpenny's..
5	Good, honest food, at a fair price, made by cheerful folk. I've been going there for years, and am rarely disappointed.
1	Yuck!  I was on my way to Johnny Burritos when I saw their sign of "specials".  I stopped in and ordered the cream of potato soup and a grilled cheese sandwich.  Both were awful.  The soup had the consistency of milk, and not much flavor.  It's no where close to "cream of" anything.   The cheese on the sandwich was so thin that I pried it open just to ensure myself that they hadn't only given me 2 pieces of plain bread.  I like to support small mom and pop businesses, so I really wanted to like this place.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but it was so off-putting that I don't plan to ever return.  Next time, I'll keep walking to Johnny Burritos.
