5	I haven't been here yet but after reading about the Bikes Before Christmas project here http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/08311/925595-94.stm I just want to go here and buy some bike stuff.More about Bikes Before Christmas here - http://iheartpgh.com/2008/11/06/donate-bikes-for-kids/
5	Easily the best bike shop in Pittsburgh.Let me qualify that by saying if you are looking for a $12,000 Carbon Triathlon bike this probably isn't the shop...It is, however, THE SHOP if you are looking to work on your bike for free.  Gerry has 6 fully equipped stations in the back where he will let you work on your bike for free.Any part is available, at less than full list prices.  It really doesn't get any better than this.
5	If you're not racing your bicycle, this is the shop to go to.  $75-150 gets you out the door with a bike, if you're willing to do some of the tinkering yourself, in the shop.  Really a one-of-a-kind place, and a place I'm really, really glad exists.  Go visit.
5	yeah. it's true alright. though it is cramped and messy and the old dude is grumpy, he has a heart of gold and this place is one of the very best. like best on earth. I always seem to go in frustrated and leave happy. this is likely a combination of the fact that I go with a broken bike that leaves fixed and the fact that the cost of fixing is so..reasonable. I recently replaced my brakes and the ones the old guy gave me were missing a screw so he upgraded me to the next nicer ones for free. this guy is really a treasure. and this place is too. I look forward to the next bike repair because this place is so unabashedly wonderful.
5	Haven't been in a while (not really a bike nut, or even a regular rider) but I have to relate a story to tell you what kind of a place this is... I inherited a bike my dad had purchased in college, and hard a part break, I knew that Kraynick's would be the only place able to help, even though at the time there were still Schwinn "authorized" dealers in the area. Here's the exchange: Me: "I have an old Schwinn three-speed, probably from 1969 or '70, and it has this little washer with a raised part that fits in the groove between the fork and the rear axle. That part broke." Him: "A Collegiate or a Speedster?" Me (amazed): "Speedster." At which point he turned around to a wall of tiny drawers that seemed to stretch from floor to ceiling and appeared to have no intelligible labeling, pull open a single drawer, and produce the part I needed. It cost something like 30 cents... Places like this pretty much do not exist anymore, the shop is like a museum of bicycle parts (and the upper stories of the building are reportedly just as full). If the recurring rumors of its closing / Mr. Kraynick's retirement are any indication, it may not be here forever. FIND ANY EXCUSE to get here while it's still around!
5	Kraynick's Bike Shop is a diamond in the rough... even if the diamond itself seems rough. It's messy sometimes and definitely cramped. But if you can deal with that, it is a great resource for Pittsburgh cyclists. There are six racks in the back where patrons can work on their bikes, and Gerry will sell you the necessary parts at discount rates.Many times I've gone in to fix "just one quick thing" and then three hours later I finally leave. It can be intimidating if you don't know much about bike mechanics, but other people there are usually helpful and friendly, and though he doesn't always radiate warmth, Gerry has helped me with a number of issues.In short, a great resource and way to learn a lot and save money if you have the time.
5	Some drunk asshole fell into my back tire and completely ruined it. Rather then go to Trek and spend a good $100 for a new tire and the labor I headed to Kraynicks.I spent around 3 hours fixing not just my back tire, but my shoes, shifters, and I even cleaned up my chain and gears. I love that you go in to fix a simple issue but end up spending hours there. You can't help it. Gerry and John are great people and their willing to help you because they just love what they do rather than to just make a profit. I already want to go back. And yes best bike shop in existence is a pretty accurate statement.
5	Great spot for weird or obscure parts, general maintenance items, and to  borrow a wrench or two.  Gerry is like a wise eccentric uncle.   I remember going there for my first time in the early 90's and it hasn't changed in almost 20 years.
5	Kraynick's is a real gem for Pittsburgh.  This isn't the place to take your high-end carbon frame bike, but Jerry will help you get your commuter, beater, or frame you found trashed in a ditch in the woods back on the road.  (Seriously, there was a guy in there salvaging an old MTB frame he found in a ditch in the woods.)  Be forewarned: he's pretty typical of a lot of old school Pittsburghers: very gruff at first, but actually a nice guy when he warms up to you.I haven't had a bike in ten years and decided out of nowhere to build one around an old frame and a new internal gear hub.  I bought a few high-end components online and the rest from Jerry.  Despite bringing in outside parts, Jerry was still gushing with help, and, after several weeks and 3-4 visits, I'm riding a bike that I built from scratch after going in with no mechanical knowledge of bikes at all.  He doesn't carry new super-high-end components, but the stuff he does carry is solid, and he has every weird bracket or screw or cable guide you can imagine from decades of scrounging parts.  He can help you with any weird setup you want.  (Mine's definitely out-of-the-ordinary.)One warning: this is your standard old Pittsburgh small business, so he doesn't take credit cards.  It's a little annoying considering that you might be spending over $100 on parts and service, but there's an ATM down the block.
4	Jerry is so nice and you can come in and work for a long as you want (until he closes), and he is very helpful but the place is a bit messy and you can't always find what you need.
5	While I was a little skeptical walking into the place, I loved the experience in the end.  EVERYTHING you need, or could possibly ever think of needing is there in the shop, in multiples.  If you don't know what you're looking for, or how to fix it, Gerry will help you.  As will the 6 other bike fanatics who are in the shop working on their own bikes.  The prices can't be beat.  And, while you have to do the work yourself, it's really rewarding to walk out of there with a bike you fixed yourself.  Same repairs at REI or Dick's would have been two to three times as much.  Would definitely go back for more!
4	This is a very interesting bike shop. You walk into the storefront into a cavern of bike things and bike parts. Literally things stacked everywhere... with a narrow aisle that you can just barely walk with your bike through. The back of the store is a mechanic room that has several stations/stands where you can work on your bike - it's a bit more open, but also lined with shelfs and stacks of parts, and tools and scrap. There always seems to be people there who are willing to help or offer their opinion on how to do things. Gerry is also willing to help you with any other things you don't know or can't figure out by yourself. This is an awesome shop if you need anything special, if you lost a bolt or a nut or any other little piece that you can think of and need a replacement, this is the place to go. I love that you can spend an afternoon fixing up your bike your self, and having any of the tools or parts that you would need available and also at the cheapest possible price (for the parts). First time I was ever there, Gerry greeted me nicely, and invited me back into the shop to do the the work myself. I consulted him a couple of times - it was a busy afternoon at the shop, but he told me what i needed to do... and left me to play with it myself. I'm sure if you know nothing about bikes, or are working on a more complicated issue, he would have just as much insight, though I still get the feeling that he expects you to learn and pull your own weight in the repair/maintenance of your bike. I like that do-it-yourself attitude, but if you are looking for a place to drop off your bike and have the shop do all the work, this is probably not the place. As far as Gerry being gruff... i didn't have that experience, really, but I see what people mean. I think he is not that outgoing and personable in a superficial way, but is willing to help or talk to anyone who wants to learn about their bike or needs help. Supported by the theory that he is not running this business to make a ton of money, he is not going to kiss anyones ass or go out of his way to make you feel welcome.
5	What a gem. Kraynicks' Bike Shop is now my favorite one in the city. It's cheap, they sell used and new items, and they have a free bike repair room in the back with all the tools you'll ever need to fix your bike. The owner was SO helpful and knowledgeable. He helped me pick the right chainring for me, and it was only $10 new (or at least like-new condition). Needless to say, I will be hitting up Kraynick's for all my biking needs, and you should too!
4	This place feels like home - a home built of tires and bolts and lots of unidentifiable bicycle parts.  My first visit to Kraynick's was during a panic situation, otherwise known as a tire blow-out.  Having commuted to work daily by bike for 3+ years, I've been strangely immune to things like flats, blowouts, or really anything of the sort.  So when it happened, I had no clue what to do.  I thought about visiting Performance Bike in East Liberty, where I purchased my current ride, but the lure of Kraynick's was too much.  Plus, I was able to leave work 10 minutes early and actually get there before their 6pm closing time.  With busted tire in one hand, I pushed the door open and was greeted with - well, I'm not really sure how to describe it.  An avalanche perhaps, of bicycle parts EVERYWHERE.  Seriously, hanging in every nook and cranny; taking up every inch of counter space; even occupying each step of the stairs near the front door (at least I think they were stairs...).  I'm pretty sure I just stood there in awe for a minute before taking a few more hesitant steps inside.  I'd read enough reviews to know that the white-haired man was Jerry.  I waited for a few minutes while Jerry finished up with his customer and then just sort of presented my tire to him with a smile and a look that said "please don't judge me for not knowing what to do about this."  No judgement.  Jerry told me that it was a dangerous blowout and he hoped that I hadn't been going too fast.  Then he plucked an identical tire from the ceiling rack above his head and asked me if I needed anything else.  I rocked back and forth on my heels a few times before sheepishly asking if he could tell me how to change the tire once I returned home.  In, I swear, no less than 10 words, he explained the process and wished me luck.  For $20 I bought a tire, tube and the, um, the things you use to take the tire off...tire irons?  I'll take a class someday. Seriously.  Aaaanyway.  I returned to the shop earlier this week with the other tire, which had been experiencing an annoying slow leak.  Jerry told me it was just the tube and offered his tools in "the back" so I could do a quick change.  Well, if the front room was filled to the brim with every part under the cycle sun, the back room was equally bursting with every tool imaginable; none of which I knew how to use.  With the kind help of a few of the guys who were working on their own bikes, I managed to change out the tube in no time, leaving the shop with a kind of silly sense of accomplishment and some incredibly black hands.
