1	Hum, If you are expecting an AMAZING sandwich...try some place else. Potbelly is just another quiznos-esk sandwich shop. Nothing unique, nothing special other then live music.
5	If you want an awesome toasted sandwich this is the place!
5	I have to disagree with the bad review.  We have been here several times and it is a great step up from the big chain sub shops.  Their sandwiches are delicious and the service is friendly. Great addition to the neighborhood.
3	Not bad for a chain sandwich shop. I had the Italian with hot peppers. I will admit that without the hot peppers it probably would not have gotten as good of a review.
3	I would actually go with a 3.5 on this one... leading to a 4 star.  My friend was way excited to see this chain pop up in the valley, so we added it to the pre-class dinner rotation and I have to say there are a few things I really like.The staff has always been super nice. I'm a little confused about some of the negative ordering comments. Maybe if you called something in for pick up there could be an issue, but you are standing right there (subwayesque), so if it's not to your liking, say something.From what I have been told, the menu is not "full" yet. They do offer a big version and a skinny version which we were told should be coming early 2013.I personally like the wreck. It's a pretty perfect sandwich. And I love that they clearly post the calories. Having spent most of 2012 significantly reducing my body size, I want to know what I'm putting in it and that's not always easy to do when dining out.The space is clean and open. The menu selection offers a little bit of everything. And I agree with Kate O, the dream bar is pretty much just that.
2	So I love the location of this place but will I be coming back, probably not. I dropped in at 5 o'clock on Friday and there were three people in the restaurant, one behind the counter. He was friendly and gave me the rundown on their offerings since I've never been into a Potbelly Sandwich shop before. He suggested the Italian sub and it was tasty but pretty expensive, for what you get and nothing out of the ordinary.  You have so many choices at this intersection... You really have to stand out.
5	This place is delicious and they have a good drink selection.
3	Stopped into this nice place for lunch today.  It offers indoor & out front patio dining here in the "Lunch Village" around 7th Av. & McDowell.  For this first visit I went with their main featured sandwich, called "A Wreck", on Multigrain Wheat Bread.  It comes with salami, roast beef, turkey, ham & Swiss cheese, & I had them garnish it with mustard, hot peppers, lettuce, tomato, onion & pickle.  I also ordered a Chocolate Malt.*  Given all those ingredients this sandwich sounds like a feast, but it wasn't.  Although tasty, it was rather small.*  The Chocolate Malt was thick, delicious, & big enough for the money (16oz.).  It's 5 Stars for the malt but 3 overall, as you won't get a pot belly on these little sandwiches!     :-)A Wreck Sandwich $5, Chocolate Malt $2.90
3	this is a basic deli with sandwiches, soup, salad. nothing particularly amazing food-wise, but it is good enough that I'd go again if I was in the mood for a sandwich. I would've given it 4 stars except for the horrible parking situation. don't come during the lunch rush unless you want to circle the small and very thight parking lot several times looking for a spot.one plus is that they sometimes have live music at lunch, which is fun.
2	Meh.. that about sums up my thoughts on this place. I am not really a huge fan of sandwich restaurants, so maybe that influences my feelings. It is pretty much another Quiznos ... sandwich, chips, drink... My sandwich was good, but it was not amazing. I prefer Subway honestly. With Chipotle and The Habit right next to it, I probably will not be back.
5	First tried Potbelly in Chicago and was excited when I saw them in this cool area off 7th ave. I got "The Wreck", my wife had "The Italian" and our friend got the "Pizza Sandwich". All were top notch, definitely a step up from Subway and Quiznos. Cool atmosphere and an even cooler coffee/Oreo milkshake for the warm weather.
1	This place gave me an undersized sandwich and food poisoning that kept me consistently on the toilet for the next 48 hours.I'd definitely avoid and so should you.
3	I didn't realize this was a franchise. The sandwich was okay. The live musician in the corner was unexpected. Parking is horrible. There's only a little lot, but they offer valet (which I always don't have cash for). Probably won't be back.
4	These are pretty tasty sandwiches-they could be a bit more generous with the meat but extra meat is only .75 cents more.  The bread is excellent which makes these sandwiches much better than your average sandwich shop.  If you think Subway is better, you're nuts- go and stay there please.
4	A Little Sweet Home Chicago at the McDowell Eatery CrossroadsSummer's on the way.  This is the place for a strawberry shake.  Hand dipped ice cream, stainless steel cup mixed, unstrawably thick and delicious.    At first I was thinking "American Picker Meets Subway," but this acoustic and visual nostalgia show is no Subway.  Sweet D had The Wreck, Sweet Me had Chicken Salad.  Both on multi grain, both with baked Lays chips and fountain ice tea.    To this omnivore, The Wreck was an excellent sandwich, all it's deli mustard spiced fixins' enhanced by the chewy, grainy sandwich roll.  The chicken sandwich salad could have used a bit more salt, but this is a season to taste place.  Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix are on the walls, the music is Top Charts of the 60's and 70's.  There are some nice Phoenix graphics of the day on the walls.   For you mural fans, new ones going up in the vicinity.
3	When did the corner of 7th and McDowell become such a food Mecca? Wow! Stopped by for a sandwich after an Easleys run. Had to decide where to eat because of all the choices around there. Decided on the new place ( for me at least) so in I went. It is a Cute Ex-Antique shop, the staff were very nice, the sandwich was decent. Small for the price though. For me that works well, maybe for others, not so much.    My sandwich tasted exactly like a chicken salad sub from Firehouse Subs. They opt for the entire toasted and heated sub trend. I enjoyed the sandwich but I like Firehouse subs better. Firehouse donates to charity and to be honest their sandwich is larger.(Maybe even cheaper) Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with this place. I would go back. It just did not, "Wow" me. I am on the search for the perfect NY sandwich without the long drive to, "Cassellas." The search continues.
4	Two of my friends and I took a drive during the lunch hour specifically to visit Potbelly Sandwich Shop in Phoenix.  Having once enjoyed Potbelly in Columbus, Ohio, I was looking forward to once again tasting a memorable sandwich.  While my friends got sandwiches, salads, and milkshakes, I enjoyed an Original Italian and added a BIG PICKLE (yum!!!).  It was so big, I shared it with both my friends.  Those working there were very attentive and the food was ready in a very timely manner.  The food itself was tasty and lived up to the wait that I had since I had last enjoyed Potbelly about three years ago.  The only challenge that I experienced was the parking, which was one outside parking lot shared by several restaurants and stores.  I made the mistake of driving during the noon hour, so I had plenty of competition for a small number of spaces.  There is valet parking available, but there was a short line that barely moved.  We got lucky and saw a car leaving from the lot and followed it to take its spot when leaving.  Other than parking, it was a great experience!
2	I ordered the Wreck salad for lunch...95% iceberg lettuce, the blue cheese was non-existent and a sprinkle of egg and meat were on top.  Substandard at best.  They charge a $3.50 delivery fee and the parking is terrible.  Not a convenient or worthwhile place to eat with so many other options in the area.
3	It was fine, but nothing special.  The food was good, the staff was nice.  I was just hoping for a little more pizzazz or something special to set them apart from all the other sandwich shops.I won't seek this place out, but if someone else wants to meet there I won't say no.
3	Decent subs, all made better with hot peppers.Nothing spectacular - but not bad at all.The place itself is inoffensive, plenty of seating and is always clean.The staff is all friendly and well trained, the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are downright addictive - and the New Orleans fiend that I am is always happy to buy at least two bags of Zapp's chips. (Today was original and BBQ ranch.)I'm not in a sub mood very often, but today it sounded better than any of the other nearby quick service places. It hit the spot - so no complaints from me.
2	I liked the decor and its location but for the price you should go to Quiznos. The sandwich was okay, nothing special. Place was dead on a Sunday for sure! Perhaps if the food wasn't so small for the price it would be better.
2	I don,t know about this place.  Last time we had sanitation issues where the person building sandwiches iched his face and continued to make sandwiches.  This time, we ordered and got to the registers and all the trays were wet and the top one was oily and dirty.  The cashier said that they probably brought them out that way...??  really, I guess so.We got our food and they put jalapenos on Johns sandwich.  He took it up and the girl told him that he ordered it that way.  She told him never mind she would make another one.  Tables dirty floor dirty.  Im thinkin I will try Jersey Mikes next time.
4	I have to leave a review as The negatives here are certainly not warranted. Expensive? Under $5.00 for a great sandwich is cheap in my books. If you are used to the cheapest quality mass produced $5.00 foot long you know where to go, please don't compare that to this. Please don't listen to anyone saying subway is better. This is massively superior in every way. This place has a great funky vibe, excellent staff (when I was there), and something I really like... Both Coke and Pepsi fountain pop. It was very clean, had plenty of parking (maybe not so during lunch?) Is this the best I've ever had? No but it's certainly in the top 10, and probably second best from a chain. Best would be earl of sandwich but there aren't many around here. Check this place out. Just remember you are eating a sandwich!
4	My reaction to Potbelly is always "so small," followed swiftly by "so good!" If you're looking for a direct Subway substitute, Potbelly will come across as pricey. If you're looking for an alternative to chi-chi $8-$10 sandwiches, Potbelly uses highly respectable ingredients and has a wheat roll that toasts up delicious.The Wreck is a truly fine sandwich, nicely filled and tasting like cold cuts I would not be embarrassed to buy at the supermarket.The environment is also a bit more soothing than many sub shops: it's all earth-tones and wooden chairs, so there's a sense of relaxing.The clerks are cheerful even under the pressures of customers with truly peculiar orders.
4	Disclaimer: I am a vegetarian. And, my first experience with Potbelly's was in Washington D.C.. I am a HUGE huge fan but most people not so much.I've always been a fan of the mushroom melt. Something about fresh mushrooms loaded on a toasted bun with melted cheese that just sceams.. Yummy. Add peppers, and I am there. But lately, I haven't been a fan of sandwiches. Nothing against this chain , I just haven't been in the sandwich mood... so TODAY I had the roasted tomato and black bean soup.  I have also  had the roasted corn chowder, vegetable soup, and broccoli cheddar and I must say... Their soup, is actually far better than any of the soups I have had at any other Potbelly... they taste a little like Au Bon Pain soups... (delicious) and cheap. I walked away with a bowl of soup, chips and a cookie (lol) for 6 dollars and some change... and BTW.. the sugar cookie is too good for me to pass up.Sometimes I just come to this place just for a sugar cookie.
3	Mediocre.  We have been a total of three times.  I've tried the meatball sub  and a couple of their salads.  The sandwiches are small (and pricey).  The salads I ordered were made with iceburg lettuce (not called out on the menu), which diminishes any nutritional value for the salad.   I dunno, honestly I can't say much more....the ordering process was quick (but there weren't many people there at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon).  They have an outdoor patio - that was nice.
5	Went in last weekend and tried the club. It was pretty cheap and for such a small sandwich, they packed on the meat and toppings. I honestly felt more full than I do when I get a footlong at a place like Subway. Also, the food is way better here and the staff was very nice and helpful since I didn't know what I was doing. I've been wanting to go back but unfortunately, there aren't any locations near my apartment. Will definitely go back here again.
5	I used to work just a ways down the street on 16th St and McDowell and a coworker and I would frequently place pick up orders here. I've tried a few different sandwiches, and they were all good, but my all-time favorite sandwich is their peanut butter & jelly sandwich. I know it's hard to go wrong with a PB&J, but seriously... it is heavenly. The bread is always nice and warm (and toasted) and with the PB&J on warm and toasted bread it just creates this great flavor combination that is to die for. I sadly don't work near them anymore, so I will definitely come down here just for the PB&J!! :)
5	This was our first time here and we loved it! First and foremost the service was exceptional.  The young gentleman who helped us choose our meal and made the sandwiches was so nice and just had the best personality.  The sandwiches are warmed and come out toasty.  I had the turkey and what set it apart from an ordinary sandwich was the giardina mix (spicy pickled veggies).  We also got the cookie ice cream sandwich.  Two fresh baked cookies with your choice of ice cream in the middle.  So sinfully good.  This is a very affordable, different take on your average sandwich shop.  We will definitely be back.
4	First time here! Ordered the grilled chicken and cheddar sandwich and decided to add onions and tomatoes to the mix. Tasted great, friendly staff, and good prices! Can't wait to go back and try their "secret menu".
2	I dislike their ordering system.  It is redundant and illogical.You order a sandwich and then have to answer questions from three different people: 1.  "What kind of bread do you want?"2.  "What sandwich did you order?"3.  "What do you want on your sandwich?"4.  "Is that all?  Your order comes to $x.xx"JUST GIVE ME A F**KING SANDWICH!!!I should not be forced to jump through all of these hoops in order to buy a simple sandwich!This is not a specialty or gourmet meal.  Slap some meat and cheese between two slices of bread and give it to me.I walked out of Potbelly with a strange sense of deja vu.  Oh, that's right.  I have already been here when it was called Quiznos!One more thing:  your Zapp's potato chips suck."Hotter 'N Hot Jalapeno" my ass.  These are the worst potato chips I have ever had.In sum, Pobelly serves mediocre sandwiches, bad chips, and has a stupid ordering system. Most businesses want to stand out, whereas Potbelly just wants to be like Quiznos. This was my first and last time in a Potbelly restaurant.
2	First let me say, if you have an big appetite this is not the place to go hungry. I was hopeful that it would be a good sub by how busy they are at lunch time. The gentleman making the sandwiches was great, made some recommendations and was helpful. When he pulled out the bread I asked him for a large. One size on all the sandwiches (small)... I will say that the quality was great and far better than a subway or even Quiznos. Price wise, I couldn't justify ordering 2 sandwiches to fill me up more.
3	Hmm, this one is tough because I really would like to love this place. It's not bad, however it's very Quizno'esq... Not a real word... I know... but if you ever ate at Quiznos you would see the resemblance. The sandwich was good, I had the chicken sandwich add bacon and a cup of broccoli cheddar. Neither was spectacular but it was good enough. This places biggest problem is that there are amazing sandwich shops in the down town area, what this place perceives as... others achieves as. If that makes sense. Long story short, good enough but I'll hit the other local fresh shops.
4	Yummy toasted sandwiches. Had turkey and chedder on whole wheat. They were out of the broccoli cheddar soup which I was super bummed about. Maybe next time. The great thing is they deliver! I live right in the neighborhood so its nice for a change.
4	Yum yum!! Great price for great food! The service is very friendly. The sandwiches are appropriate size, not for those with bottomless stomachs. The peppers are AMAZING. Wish I didn't have to drive so far to get them but they are worth the trip. Simple menu makes ordering easy and everything is delicious! Only thing making it miss 5 stars is that there's no x-factor.. Just missing that little extra oomph
5	The employee workimng tonight shift absolutely great customer service Your customer service is consistent at the 2 locations I've been
