4	Been here one too many times now. It's a nice new Best Buy let's just hope you never have to do a price adjustment or have any returns for their  customer service department. It's run by pimply twits that you just may want to strangle or tell them how to do their job. If you do anything computer related ask for the business person he knows a thing or two. Everything else I think you are pretty much on your own I have not used their Geek Squad here yet.
2	Good selection and lots of toys but the mark-up on some items is insane... and borderline criminal.Prices on cables are insane.I needed a Firewire 800 cable.  The only one they carry is a Belkin.  $49.99.  Amazon sells the EXACT SAME THING with shipping for $15.  Even Belkin themselves have the list price at $39.99.They know most people will buy things like Blu-Ray players and then will pay jacked up prices for the accessories to go with it.  Very insulting and 1990s-ish.  Now any idiot like me can price-check on a cell phone.(Worth noting: my issue isn't with this particular location, which seems just as nice and exactly the same as 8 bajillion other Best Buys)
3	I'll never forget one experience I had at the store. I was browsing the Apple computers and there was another customer next to me who was asking the Best Buy employee about Apple computers. I had to jump into the conversation because the staff member couldn't answer the questions and didn't really know what they were talking about. The customer ended up talking to me since I was able to answer their questions and help them out. Word to the wise: if you're looking to buy an Apple computer, go to your local Apple store and NOT Best Buy. Apple employees are highly educated on their products.On a different trip to Best Buy I overheard a conversation between a customer and a staff member, yet again in the Apple section. The customer was buying a MacBook & the employee was trying to sell them an extended warranty via Best Buy's extended warranty. I didn't say anything, but wanted SO bad to tell them not to buy Best Buy's warranty: Apple Care is Apple's warranty and is much better and can be purchased from Apple. It was annoying and I felt bad for the customer.They are super pushy about warranty on pretty much any product in the store. I was checking out once when they tired to sell me a $30 warranty on my $100 printer. When I say no, don't keep trying to sell it! Be leery of their warranties: I would research warranties from the actual company or warranties that come with the product before purchasing Best Buy's warranty.Another reason why this isn't getting a great review is that this particular store is very small and doesn't have a great selection. Their CD selection is practically non-existent. I understand that CDs are "going out" now that digital downloads are very popular, but the CD selection at WalMart is better than this Best Buy and I just feel like the selection at this store is much less than other stores, which is disappointing considering it's an electronic store.
4	Every time going to this Best Buy I've had a good experience. The staff is extremely helpful, but not overbearing (constantly asking and asking to help like other Best Buys). They ask once, then give you your space. When you have a question, they're always nice and prompt to answer. Perfect customer service.It gets better though. The most recent visit to this location I had bought a camera, and even with good reviews online, and the help of the BestBuy staff, I found out the audio on the camera was terrible. Just a problem with that model camera. We didn't know.The next day I returned the camera with its plan, and had the easiest transition with customer service too get a different camera. Within 10 minutes I was in and out with a new and better camera, and didn't spend an extra dime. It was perfect, and the new camera is great! Just one of the many great experiences at this Best Buy. I would give this 5 stars, but the store itself is super tiny, so selection can be limited (the only drawback).
3	Still overpriced and still featuring clueless employees, but less crowded and more convenient than the others.  I remember when I was a lad and Best Buy seemed like such a great place...y'know, back when they actually were a good buy and still carried music outside of the Top 40.
4	Typical Best Buy.
2	Store is really small and never seem to have anything instock. Customer service is horrible. Store is clean but it feels like the employees are just brainless zombies walking around knowing best buys days are numbered!!
5	Went there for a sound bar for our TV, and even though they didn't have the one we wanted in stock, we received excellent customer service, and ended up with a different sound bar that we are happy with.They even price matched based of my quick google search on my phone, no questions asked.  We saved $70!
1	Damn, I know why Best Buy is closing stores left and right! Their return and warranty policy sucks! I just bought a laptop from them a month ago. The screen started getting squiggly lines. I took it back and they said since I didn't purchase the manufacturers warranty and it was 15 days after my purchase they wouldn't exchange. Best Buy sucks. I'm sticking with Costco from now on into forever!
1	No wonder these stores are in serious trouble. Tried to buy a cable for HDMI to connect to VGA. One 'associate' kept trying to sell us the wrong cable. His so-called manager or expert was so condescending that they do not have to worry about servicing any of our electronic requests again. The expert told us the only connection available would cost $179. We found it on-line at WalMart for $12.99 and Radio Shack for $18.99.  Buyer beware.
1	Horrible took me 3.5 hours to buy a laptop. I was ignored for a hour then they kept handing my off to different people. Austin was way to pushy and kept pushing me to buy extra stuff that I dont need he kept you need this. Then Derrick had horrible breath and took him 20min to spell last name. I even gave him my I.D and he still spelt it wrong.
5	Great service and extremely helpful near closing time. I had looked up 3 appliances online that I wanted to purchase, and I needed help straightening out my BB credit card situation. The customer service representatives were very helpful with getting my credit line approved, and they let me use their phone to call & be on hold for 45 minutes to address this. As for the actual purchase, the sales rep helped me order exactly what I needed, was very thorough with documenting the clearance (ding & dent) washer that I bought. The first customer service rep followed up with me at the end of the sale to make sure I was taken care of. The couple of times that I have been to this Best Buy location in the past year, they have been extremely helpful, proactively asking me if I needed help, and that appliances visit was no exception.
4	WRONG STORE HOURS ON YELPI would give a five but your yelp add says you open at 9 but the real store hours are 10am. Now I have to rearrange my schedule and sit in the lot for 1 hour. Fail on someone's part... Nice store though.
3	Prices are higher than most places and the quality of the product may be less than perfect but the great customer service makes me want to go back for the next few items i need.The workers had a great attitude but at times did not know what i was asking.
1	I have been always a costco buyer because of the product reliability and return policy. This time i wanted to buy a laptop and apple wi-fi router from best buy, so i ended up here. First both of the things had a fault in it. Apple router was powering off by itself and Laptop had hardware issue. I took the router to apple store no question asked and i was provided a replacement. For Laptop which i actually bought for my mom, she was having trouble with many hardware issue that we were not able to trouble shoot at all. I called best buy 1888 number they have asked me return the laptop at the store this was a hardware issue. Now i went to the store they told me that they can't return it because it is past 15 days ( mine was 18 days old). I had argue so hard and talk to store manager to return it, which finally he agreed (thank god) then the told me that will only provide me store credit instead of returning the money, i had argue again to get my money back.Honestly i would not recommend anyone to go through this hassle, so i wanted to share with all the others.
1	Piss-poor customer service. Came here to buy some ink for my printer and upgrade my cell phone. Went to the back of the store to grab my ink cartridges then proceeded to the "Samsung Experience" area because I wanted to get a new Samsung S5. The employee in that area was helping someone else and no other employees seemed to notice I was there waiting. So when the employee who was helping a customer was finally free , that employee just casually walked away, knowing that was standing less than 10 feet away, waiting for help. Out of all the cities and states I've lived in, this Best Buy was and continues to be the worst in customer service, these employees are just as bad as the ones at majority of the Home Depots. I come to this location out of convenience and I generally know what I need and know where to find it. Here's a tip to all the yelpers reading this review. Use your smart phone, get the Amazon app, price scan the item you're about to but and most times, Amazon will have it for a cheaper price. Show that price to the cashier and they will price match it for you. The only catch is that the item must be sold by Amazon and not a 3rd party seller. But most times, the Best Buy cashier and manager won't bother to check if it is sold directly from Amazon.
1	If it were possible to give ZERO stars I would!!!This store has the WORST customer service!I bought a computer from best buy a little less than a month ago and went back to the store and they would not help because it had been more than 15 days. Seriously I spent $1000 at the store and the manager would not even look up from what he was doing to acknowledge me. Geek squad was just as rude. The only way they would be helpful if if I purchased yet another plan from best buy. No thank you it your not willing to help customers after 15 days I'd rather spend my money elsewhere. My best advice is to stay as far away from this store as you can...the employees at this location clearly don't like their jobs and DON'T  know how to deal with customers.
1	Geek squad is the worst to deal with and NEVER shows for appointments..When you call they can't find work order and when you provide the number that was given for service call they tell you it is someone else and where did you get the number.Never again!!!!
3	Smaller BB.  Signage is great, gets you where you need to go quick.  They pack a good selection into the stores size.  I'm NOT a fan of the checkout area, it feels wrong!  Overall experience was normal.
5	This is more or less a review of the company in general but this location was pleasant as well.  I was given a Sharp TV for Christmas last year.  The picture failed after a few months. Since the TV was a Best Buy exclusive they were in position to honor the manufacture's warranty.  When they explained to me that the part to fix the TV was no longer available they apologized for the inconvenience and put the original payment amount on a store credit card.  I took the card into the the store and a quick ten minutes later I was outta there with a new TV.  Employees were nice and it was a pleasant experience considering the original reason I was there.
1	Poor customer service.  Couldn't get any help when attempting to purchase a TV. Almost walked out after the last person we asked for help said no because they were on break.
5	Had a problem with my college daughter's computer and needed immediate service.   Walked in and w/in 10 minutes we were all smiles.  Problem fixed and now she can get back to her homework!
