1	SCAMMERS AND A CRIME AREA!!!! After being shown a couple units my roommate and I decided we might want to live at Shelter Cove. We came back the following day to apply but were not 100% prepared with paperwork and could not finish the application process. In that same visit we were given, after a lot of questioning, the website to the local Police Department where we were able to look up the crime rate for this place and it was horrible. They had robberies and all other types of crime so I decided as a single female it wasn't safe for me to live here. I call the office and spoke with their book keeper thinking she would understand and said there is no way they could give our application fee back for an application that was not processed nor finished. This place is not only shady, has a lot of crime, but also has horrible business practices. If you're smart you will NOT live here.
5	I'm coming up on living here a month now and I am a huge fan. Since one review doesn't even live here and the other gave a bad review based on just an air conditioner, I wanted to give a different perspective: a plain old resident.I had to move quickly because of a job and started looking on the internet. I don't remember how I came across Shelter Cove, but from the moment I called them, I felt like I was making a good choice. The people I dealt with in the office are quick responders, efficient in their jobs, clear in their meanings and actually honest. They admitted that the neighborhood isn't as swanky as other places, but that their complex was a hidden gem.They made things very easy. After I got all the information from them and told them I wanted to sign the lease, we started the process. They did the $99 deposit with me and then did the background check. They responded to all of my emails within an hour or so when I emailed them while they were open; first thing the next morning if after they closed. By the way, they warned me that the deposit was nonrefundable more than once. I was moving to Las Vegas having lived in LA for the past three years, so first of all, getting a pretty decent sized one bedroom for less than $700 a month was a huge shock to me. Second, not having to pay for parking and having a covered space without having to pay extra per month -- GREAT deal that they don't really advertise on their website.Another thing their website doesn't do, is tell you really how nice this complex is. It is situated on a busy corner but set off the street so you don't have much road noise at all. There's a long driveway with a security office in the center monitoring who goes in and out (I don't see them there every night, but I've seen them a few times). More often than not, when I'm getting home (which is as early as 6:00pm or as late as 2am) I run into a security guard walking around, who is very friendly.Guest parking is a BREEZE as there are tons of spaces. Friends from LA came to visit and had no problem finding parking right in front of my apartment - closer than my assigned parking space (under a car port) and without having to pay for a guest space reservation. Yeah, they do that in LA.Having moved friends into apartments a ton of times and seen some pretty disgusting places, this place was spotless when we first came in for a walk-through. My only complaint is the carpet is a little cheap and brillow-pad-esque. Luckily I always wear slippers, but putting friends on the floor here is very uncomfortable.Washer & dryer in-unit, stocked kitchen with stove, fridge, dishwasher, garbage disposal and a TON of storage space (no microwave, which I missed). ROMAN TUB. I don't think they show a photo of it but it is HUGE. I'm about six feet tall and don't have to fold myself in half to fit in the tub - a first for me.Another thing I wish they supplied off the bat was the safety specs for my renter's insurance - unfortunately the office staff didn't know much about the buildings but they said they would get the information for me (they did).I have a lot of packages sent to me, which they receive at the office, and often they'll see me get out of my car and meet me at the door with the box. They're friendly and helpful and remember who you are.I LOVE my apartment, my neighbors are quiet and considerate, and the grounds are 10x as beautiful as you see in the photos. If I get time, I'll upload some photos on here for people to see what residents see.Maintenance has been quick for me, usually the day-of if I report it in the morning. A few days after I got here my pilot light went out, so I called the emergency number outside of service hours to leave a message in case they were around. They came over within 30 minutes and fixed it even though it wasn't an emergency. I felt bad that there wasn't a great review for this place on here - it's actually a really nice option and easily accessible to the Strip, Spring Valley, Summerlin, etc - don't know about North Vegas, I haven't been up there at all.If you have any questions about the complex, feel free to contact them - if you want a third party perspective, feel free to message me and I'll see if I can help you.
5	Just moved out two years later after purchasing a home and I'm almost sad to leave. The maintenance was always quick and considerate, the front office staff is very nice and helpful, and the community itself is fairly calm and quiet. Sure, the ice cream truck EVERY DAY at the same time is annoying. And yes, the fact that there are some dog owners here that leave massive poops in the middle of the sidewalk. But in general, this was a great place to live, especially for the price I paid.
1	Weve been here for almost two years now.. At first they are nice to you, but few months later they are gonna treat you like crap. The service is very poor, the people in the office, like sonia, elizabeth are rude. All important is the money the rent.. When you are calling because there something wrong in your apartment they will arrive 2-3days later worst is 1wk.  The manager michelle, youll always see her smoking outside even when she is riding the golf cart with the maintanance guy she'e smoking. How many breaks does this people have? And i dont think shes managing her staff right.. They dont know how to make you feel important. I dont reccomend this apartment. Do not live here.
