5	I'm very impressed with Better Homes Cabinets and Granite. I had a two week period to remodel a home and they delivered!The birch shaker cabinets I selected look great and the construction is solid. The doors are solid wood and the boxes are plywood. A lot of the other companies I checked out used MDF for the construction - at a higher price.The kitchen looks fantastic. They made some great suggestions about making minor adjustments to improve the layout and functionality of the kitchen. From sales to installation, I was very pleased with the entire process.  Highly recommended!
5	This is the best place in Phoenix to buy pre-fab slabs of granite/stone for countertops. They have a great selection and great prices. When you buy pre-fab granite it comes with a finished edge so it makes fabrication a lot less expensive. They have a good stock on hand so if you need something quick, there is a good chance that they've got it!I've never used them for cabinets, but the quality definitely seems to be nice and their work speaks for itself. Check out their showroom - You'll be glad you did!
1	Used this company twice.  Once to redo our entire kitchen.  Some problems, but not bad and would have recommended them.  The 2nd time we used them, it was for two bath vanities and a linen closet.  The sales guy measured a built-in linen closet cabinet TWICE on 2 different visits (7 feet tall and 3 feet wide)When the cabinets arrived the linen closet cabinet was only 30 INCHES WIDE!  We called him and said we wanted a 'replacement' not a shrunk cabinet with spacers on each side which reduces the storage by tons of cubic feet.  He said they don't make 'custom' cabinets as we thought...they only came in certain widths.  We insisted on the proper size and he got angry and said "OK, I'LL HAVE THEM MAKE A SPECIAL ONE FOR YOU" and basically hung up.  We will not recommend this company.
5	Steve Lee (owner) is incredible!  One of my VA clients was duing the final walk through and there was a flood in the kitchen and all the cabinets were damaged!Steve pulled out all the stops, created incredible cabinets in 4 days and we were able to fund and get the Vetern in his home and the Seller in his new home on time as well!  If you need cabinets, Steve and Better Homes Cabinets and & Granite are the only ones to call!!!!
1	The guy is a condescending jerk and thinks he owns the world he thinks he's the best at what he does and I think he is probably the worst in fact I don't think I've been treated so bad by anybody in my life
