4	For a retirement community restaurant, it's pretty decent.  But I've only gone because our prom happened to be right next door.The Goods:1. Eat dinner whilst watching geese waddling to and fro and families of bunnies hopping across the green...sometimes you might even spot a heron trying to catch fish in the lake (last night a baby bunny sat so close to me with only a thin pane of glass separating us.  CUTE!)2. Free half order of their specialty onion rings (coupon in the paper)3. $2 Manhattans4. No screaming babies and kids running around (since it's in Sun City Grand)5. Addictively tasty green beansThe only negative that happened to us was one order of burnt ends that were neither yummily burnt nor ends.  It just seemed like old cuts of beef with bbq sauce.  My dinner was good though.  I could only eat half, the portion was huge!
4	Alright just to warn you up front.. this place in the smack dab in the middle of Sun City West.. the parking lot is full of golf carts and bunny rabbits as well as quail and other forms of Arizona wildlife. In any case this place is pretty darn good! If you want a heart attack on a plate be sure to order the Chicken Club.. HUGE fried chicken breast covered in ham, bacon and cheddar cheese.. all served on a potato bun. Good stuff! Excellent onion rings as well! Its like eating with 50 pairs of grandma and grandpa's! Nice and comfortable!!
4	"PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHEN EATING AS THESE ARE BLISTERING HOT" is the warning printed under the fried pickles in the menu.Ever wanted to try fried pickles?  How about cheesy beer soup?  Well, look no further because you can order both at Dillon's.  In fact, I've tried both.  The pickles were cut into bite-sized pieces, lightly battered and served with ranch & a 2nd spicy sauce.  As for the cheesy beer soup, it's viscosity was better suited for a plate of warm nachos.  In fact, the waitress provided soup samples a few times to aid in my decision making process.  Brisket is tasty but a little on the dry side.  I can definitely vouch for the beef stew, chicken tortilla soup, & diet Pepsi.  They also offer catering services and I suppose if you're 'starvin' like Marvin', you can order a gallon of potato salad.  However, you might have to call it in, before you get there...This little gem is tucked inside the Sun City Grand.  Whether you sit inside or out, you have a great view of the golf course and water.  The scene provides a low key atmosphere where you can enjoy a meal.  Since I've only been there during lunch time, I can't comment on the happy hour environment, which runs from 2-7PM.  Yes, that's 5 whole hours of happy fun time, instead of the usual 3 hours at most places.  Drink deals are usually on a white board near the entrance and the best deal I read offered 10 oz drafts for $1.  I always forget they have HHs and need to check out the $1 drafts...
4	Dillon's Grand is one of those staple restaurants for our family. My parents and grandmother live in Sun City Grand, and at one point my husband and I lived in Surprise - this was back when there were not many food options in Surprise. We had Dillon's and Jack in the Box. I took my grandma to Dillon's today for her birthday lunch. She loves the onion rings, and they give dessert for free on birthdays.My children have been to Dillon's so many times - the first time they were less than a month old - so they walk in like they own the place (in fact, my son "Dylan" thinks it's named after him).  The waitstaff there was really young, which amuses me at a place that is packed with senior citizens. My dad (who joined us as well) ordered an Amber Bock ($2 draft beers at lunchtime) and it took FOREVER to arrive because our waitress was not old enough to serve it. One of my kids had chicken strips and the other had ribs, and those came out very quickly because we ordered them with our appetizer (onion rings - they are delicious, and not just because you can get a coupon for a free 1/2 order in the newspaper right outside the front door). Then, it was as if the waitress forgot that we were going to order. I started to think maybe she thought the adults weren't planning on eating. Eventually, she came on over. My dad and I ordered the burnt ends with the mild BBQ sauce, though I had mashed potatoes and asparagus while he had the BBQ beans and asparagus. I saw another review knocking the burnt ends - I like this dish. I like ribs, but I hate the mess. With the burnt ends, it's like someone has cut the meat off of the rib for you, so there's no work - only yum!Grandma got chicken fingers as well. :-)Then the waitress brought out a gigantic brownie sundae that we all shared.
3	Good Barbecue, as well as a variety of other items, lots of fried choices, the batter is quite tasty, recommend trying the fried mushrooms or onion rings, portions are large,wait staff are attentive. kind of hidden away in sun city, if you order togo make sure you bring your cellphone, they offer curbside togo, but you need to call the restaurant when you get there to get them to come out.  parking can be a little weird but I believe the parking is shared by another establishment.good barbeque but kind of hard to find. unless you're a retiree then you can't miss it.
4	Simply fantastic food with a pleasant view!
2	Not sure what happened to this place.. used to be really good though last night it was on the verge of inedible. Everything from the normally light and delicious onion rings to the crispy chicken club were greasy as all get out. Dillons used to do fried so well keeping it light, crispy and not greasy at all. The waitress while sort of nice was so slow! On top of this kitchen and service issues the old people in there were so trashed and so loud. I literally watched this old woman with a huge fanny pack stagger out the door with her keys in hand. Gawd I hope I dont suck that much when I become an old codger!  Still very disappointed about my last visit, not sure if Id go back.
3	Delicious BBQ! They also have great onion rings with their special sauce. They make ordering to go very easy and ready to be picked up within 15 minutes. They have friendly service. This location is nice because it is open and overlooking the Desert Springs Golf Course.I've also ordered just the brisket (5 lbs.) with BBQ sauce on the side for a holiday event. It was good, but they charged me $10 extra for a pint of the sauce. It reminded me that this could be a "Curb Your Enthusiasm" episode...you usually get sauce with brisket, I ask for it on the side so I can transport it easily, and you charge me?! I shouldn't have been charged, but to bring it up would have been awkward and I was in a hurry. Overall, I've had good experiences every time I have eaten at this location.
5	I am extremely surprised that this place doesn't have more great reviews. I love "great" bbq.  I do not care for dried out, flavorless, under-smoked, fast food, or only so-so BBQ.  Dillon's Grand has the very best BBQ baby back pork ribs.  I love food, and they have, in all seriousness, THE BEST, baby back ribs I have ever tasted.  Slow-Smoked Baby Back Pork Rib Plate, is what you must order.  They have three locations in Phoenix.  I've been to the Dillons Grand which is a little out of Phoenix, but they have two other locations.  It is well worth the drive to which ever one is closest.  The onion rings are also killer!  You won't be disappointed.  I don't live in AZ, but this place sure makes me wish I did.
4	Outstanding BBQ!!  Slow smoked baby back ribs that just fall off the bone!!  The onion rings are flaky and crispy at the same time, and the sauce they come with, I wish I could bathe in it!!  I don't live in AZ, but after eating here a few times, I've got my real estate agent on the phone right now...
4	I have been here twice now and I have steadily enjoyed the good service.  The burnt ends are AWESOME... and it's even better to get a HUGE 24oz beer for $4... AND... even better to get onion rings for a $1 during their happy hour!Their onion rings are GREAT.  Get those.So... get burnt ends, with some loaded mashed potatoes.  Watch for the huge chunk of butter in there... mash it around to mix it in.Drink a couple beers, enjoy the outdoor patio!
3	The service and the constancy of the meat is hit or miss.  Sometimes you may get great service and a dried out rack of ribs.  Other times you'll get bad service and the best steak ever.  The seating is really close too.  Not as big a fan as I used to be, but I'll be back.
2	Visited Dillon's Grand last night for the first time.  It's located in Sun City Grand on the golf course.  Nice views of the course and lake.  Older crowd.  The onion rings were very good.  The food is average and seemed a little pricy for what you get.  I had the pulled pork . . . they served it with a hard hamburger bun on the side (which I didn't even bother with).  All in all . . . it's OK.  We ordered the nachos and I must say they were pretty good.Not sure I'd go back . . . I'll wait until I get a little older.
3	The wife & I went there last week because we bought a $35 coupon for $15 from Groupon. This was the first coupon we purchased from them and it was worth it.Although we were seated immediately in a beautiful dinning room, overlooking ponds and manicured, grassy areas loaded with water birds and rabbits, we were not seen by a waitress for a good 10 minutes. Then after ordering drinks prior to the meal, they didn't arrive until 2 minutes before the food arrived - this was a long period of 'dryly' watching the ducks and rabbits.After the waitress took our order, the manager stopped by our table to apologize for the late service. He suggested we should try the onion rings as an appetizer - on the house. We thought that was very kind but requested they only bring a half order.  Trouble is, we didn't get the onion rings until after the main course arrived. I ordered ribs, the wife had fish. The ribs were a bit dry and the mediocre coleslaw was chunky. The wife's fish was pretty good.The best thing of the evening was the coupon. Our bill would have been over $45 but that dinner only cost us $25.Dillon's earned only three stars from us that night.
5	Finally found a decent BBQ restaurant! Since I have moved here, it has been really hard to find a place I would like to come back over and over again. Dillon's the place, so what if there are older people here! This place is in Sun City Grand, what do you expect!! So what if it's loud! The family and I tried this place and I am already to go back and try something else. Of course we started with their onions rings, and yes they are as good as advertised. Momma had the pulled pork sandwich which was great. Daughter had the hamburger, and that was really good. And I had the brisket with mash potatoes! As you could tell I tried everything! Very happy this place is close to our home, and no we do not live in Sun City!
5	Dillons Grand is a BBQ join in the west valley that caters to residents of Sun City Grand and those brave enough to go beyond the wall that says Young People Stay Out.  Yes, I am exaggerating, and there is no sign that says that, but the looks on the residents faces when they see young people says it all.Anyways, Dillons is always delicious and my visit went well.  I was particularly alert because I always respect reviews from Alexander and Matt who both gave them only three stars or less so I was leery at first.  My conclusion is that they must have improved because this is the Dillons BBQ I expected.  Tasty meats, good sauce, and great sides.  I had a small BBQ sandwich and the side of mac & cheese.  Good all around!Service was ok, and they did come to check and see how the meal was in a timely fashion.  So as far as BBQ on my side of town goes, this is an easy five stars!!Enjoy!
4	There was a time when Carson's in Chicago served the best ribs in the country. Now I have discovered Dillons Grand. The ribs are tender, meaty and tasty. The St. Louis style sauce has just enough bite to be interesting. The beans are out of this world as is the mac and cheese. Keep in mind it is loud but if you were expecting fine dining and white table cloths you wouldn't be going for ribs. Beautiful window views of the golf course and pond. All this being said, the service today was not good. Unchilled beer glasses, not taking the time with the elderly people at the table, and impersonal. I was able to forget all that with the first bite of ribs. but still they get a 4-star because of the service.
3	While visiting a friend in surprise we decided to check out Dillion's after hearing it's praises. We got there about 7:15 and there was a wait for a table. We asked if there was a bar and we were directed around the corner. We finished our beers, and I began to wonder if they had been calling us. I sent my husband to check it out. Sure enough, our table was ready, they completely ignored the fact we said we'd be at the bar. We ordered, everyone got ribs, but me, I ordered burnt ends since I never had it, it's basically leftover pieces of smoked brisket. We also ordered onion rings and toasted ravioli stuffed with jalapeno cheese. The starters were tasty! Then, confusion ensued. We were told they only had enough ribs for 2 orders, but after much back-n-forth then said they had enough. During this, we were told it was our fault for seating at 8:00, if we want ribs we should come earlier. Wow, grr-eat customer service... Note the heavy sarcasm.Everyone eventually got what they ordered. I did not like my burnt ends, because of an odd musty flavor I could not place. I did think the Mac-n-cheese was great, though. Once we finally got them, the ribs were nicely smoked and tasty.The food was pretty good, it was a shame that the service was horrendous.
5	AMAZING FOOD! AMAZING SERVICE! AMAZING FOOD!We were so lucky to get a window table overlooking the AMAZING lake. Ou daughter loved being able to watch the rabbits play in the bushes and grass and the Wife and I loved watching the sunset! Carl the manager is super friendly. Kim our waitress was fun and super upbeat with great reccomendations!!!! Between them both we felt like VIP the entire time! We will become regulars!!!!!!!!!KEEP UP THE AWESOME JOB DILLONS GRAND!!!!
4	I find myself visiting this restaurant frequently, and I have yet to decide whether it is due to the exquisite view or the yummy food.  The appetizers are delicious...I'm not usually a fan of onion rings, but their $1 onion rings are outstanding!  The fried pickles are also delicious, and this is another dish I would typically shy away from.  I usually order nachos which are covered in chili (not your typical chili as it has huge chunks of beef!), cheese, jalapenos, etc.  I usually ask for BBQ sauce/ranch on the side and their homemade wing sauce too!  Delicious.  I've never had anything bad here, and the floor to ceiling window with golf course view is second to none.  Not necessarily b/c of the course itself, but because of the hundreds of bunnys that come right up to the window and play/sleep/eat.  Love it!  There's also a variety of birds and you can usually see fish in the lake.  The place does tend to get busy, so I usually try to make it in on off-peak hours and usually request a window seat.  It's funny, I live in Peoria and drive past the T-bird/101 Dillons to visit this Dillons, but to me it's worth the drive.
4	First off, I have eaten at 3 different Dillon's now since I moved here a year ago--and I love Dillon's food.  It seems so "clean" and American really.Anyway, went there for lunch with a friend. Beautiful setting when you look out, but...listen, I'm old myself, but there is something creepy about eating with a bunch of 80-something year olds around you.  Even I can't get into that...and, like I said, I'm a retired geezer myself.However, the food was so good as ever.  And excellent service as per usual...in fact, probably even better than normal cause, well, we're geezers.
5	Have came back a few times and I found my ultimate plate! The burnt ends!!! This will be my favorite plate for now on!!
4	Dillons at Grand really has it right. This is a smoked meats restaurant that is as good as any place of its type around. OK, Ricks Club American in Nyack NY has better ribs. So what?  The burgers, the ribs, brisket and the side dishes are way way good. The onion rings are great not just because they're a buck . The atmosphere is good, the golf course view is nice, the karaoke DJs are pleasant enough what more could I add?      The service is excellent. This a very well managed restaurant. A place this big and busy has to be. Every time I've been here with friends  we have had a really nice time. I honestly have to add that I might be a little prejudiced in Dillons favor. This past spring, we went boating with ten other friends on Lake Pleasant. We  docked at about 5pm. That Dillons had just closed for the day. The manager asked us if we would consider Dillons at Grand. He reserved a table there for us. When we got there, in a packed restaurant, was a table for 12, with some side dishes (on the house), waiting for our starving group. How  much more good will can you buy? I never got the chance to say thank you so I'll say it here.
4	Love the good value for your money. The pulled pork with spicy sauce is very tasty. The meat is tender and there is ample. The onion rings are light and you can get a half order for a buck! Sweet! Service is fine. Just went to the Dillons on lake pleasant. Same food which is good. Service is eh. But I get it. Really this is here for partying boaters. If I was on a boat, I would stop here for lunch.
3	I went here because my grandmother lives in the complex where the restaurant is.  Nice views of the golf course but the rest of the atmosphere is older folks.  I got the 2 combo meat with beef ribs and pulled pork with baked beans and Mac & cheese.  The pulled pork was good and the ribs were all right.  I've had better.   The beans were good but the Mac and cheese was a little strange.  However the 2 other people that I went with didn't like their food.  Their ribs were cold and the asparagus was soft and limp.   Sounds strange I know but it should be crisp.  However the mgr comped the meal so that was cool.  Overall the my food was ok and if I was in the neighborhood I'd go back again.
