4	Great deal and atmosphere.  The bar area could be a little bigger and overlook the restaurant but now I'm being picky.  For the price of premium items on the menu, like coconut crusted shrimp and fillet tips, this place is a great low key date spot or a steak night with carnivorous friends.  Of course vegetarians might not be too happy but everyone else will.
3	Great portions, affordable and large selection are the 3 things that come to  ind when describing Carolina Prime Steakhouse.  Although the steaks are not much to write home about, the selections and pairings are plentyful.  You will not leave this place hungry that is for sure.    Their lunch specials are the best!
3	I had to drop BillyB. off at the airport 630a Tuesday, (gads) so I decided to try Carolina Prime, never have I eaten there, just curious of the large sign that reads: "breakfast, lunch & dinner! hmmmm, really nothing to lose, I often wonder why we take food so seriously. I walk in and it's dark, with booths of red vinyl. Seems like the kind of restaurant that would have a buffet. It was cozy and quiet upon entering, but then the organ music kicked in, it would have been very pleasant if they weren't rockin' the house with freakin' organ music Jingle Bells, I Saw Mama Kissing Santa Claus, there should be rules about holiday music and stricter rules if the sun isn't up. I ordered breakfast and coffee, very reasonably priced. Typical fare of waffles, pancakes, french toast, eggs, bacon, steaks and hashbrowns. I will go back, maybe I will wait till January, when this madness is over. Suck it, Jingle Bells.
3	We went here for dinner last night.  The service was excellent and very prompt. The meals were fine and delivered in a timely fashion. The prices were on the low to moderate side for a steak house. The atmosphere was a like an old school steak house with the red booths but clean and kind of homey.The reason I did not give this place 4 stars is really more of competition thing in Charlotte with so many steak houses to choose from it is a little harder to separate your self from the rest. This place is better than the chains (Outback) and similar to the Texas Road house.
5	I work nearby and within the last year my job has ordered lunch for us at least 5 or 6 times from Carolina Prime. It has never dissapointed. I have had Cheeseburgers, Chicken Sandwiches, 1/4 Chicken platter with stuffing and Potatoes. And a Prime Rib. Everything is fantastic. Nothing bad I can say about the food.
3	Good quality food.  Reasonable prices.Attentive staff.  Place was not very busy when I visited, but definitely worth a repeat or making a regular if you live in the area.
4	I have read the reviews on Carolina Prime and am a little surprised at how stupid some of these folks are.  This is a Mom and Pop steakhouse on a busy road off the interstate in a building that used to be a fast food or Mexican place.  Do NOT go here expecting Morton's.  Our steak was inexpensive and lived exactly up to expectations... well cooked and delicious... but not amazing.  The servers were really nice and the hostess and manager (obviously the owners) were great.  The dressings are homemade and to die for.  The baked potato was "old school"... creamy and perfectly done.  These are nice folks doing their best.  I hear the breakfast is top notch.  We will definitely be back.
4	Had dinner here while in town for a Panthers game and was not disappointed.  Friendly and attentive staff and the food was quite good. I had the ribeye which was topped with shrimp stuffed with blue cheese and wrapped in bacon. The shrimp was great and my steak was cooked just as I had ordered. Great dinner at the expected prices for a steakhouse.
4	I am not sure why the reviews are so bad for this restaurant! We absolutely love coming here. The prices are really comparable, and the food is wonderful! My boyfriend and I enjoy coming here for our date nights. It has nice ambiance, good service and food. Comparing this to Texas Road House, I would always choose Carolina Prime. It's not too loud, when I ask for a medium rare steak, that is exactly what I get...never have had to send it back. My boyfriend likes RARE steaks, and that is exactly what he gets. The appetizers are wonderful...the desserts are good too. This is one of the most inexpensive steakhouses I have seen, and the value is way past what you pay!! OH...and last time we went, we both had burgers. Their burgers were hot and juicy...definitely a must try!!
4	Carolina Prime is good for a lunch-hour meal and is relatively consistent.  While the food is a solid 3.5.  The friendly wait staff, who are mindful of potential time constraints during the lunch rush, push it to a 4 in my book for the type of establishment that it is.  Located on Woodlawn near the Old Pineville intersection, Prime has been here for many years serving breakfast (which I have never had here), lunch (which I have had every couple of months for years) and dinner (which I have never had here).  I typically have the chopped sirloin special with onions and gravy (hold the mushrooms) along with a salad and another side (mac and cheese special, fried squash, potatoes, rice, etc.) for $9 + drink.  The london broil special, served over rice with 2 sides for $12, is also quite good.  I love that they put their salads in chilled bowls, which keeps them cold and crunchy.  The sides always taste homemade and fresh.  While you are waiting for your meal, a sliced loaf of warm bread is a nice treat.  The tea is southern sweet.  If you still have room for dessert without taking off your pants, their sweet treats are also quite good.  (Pepsi products are served - bleh).
1	Stopped in for dinner. Steak was over cooked, the vegetables were clearly from a frozen bag and over cooked so they were soggy. The side of rice was horrible and tasted like it came out of a box. I would not recommend going here.
5	I don't understand the bad reviews or even average reviews. We just moved from out of town and took a chance on the Weekend special. Prime rib for 12.95. 10oz. That's crazy talk. And it's dang delicious. I'm a serious food critic and this place rocked my palate. Other yelpers are calling it  "mom and pop," but I do not agree. It is classic western style with a charming steakhouse feel. Ask for Benita! She's amazing!!!
4	decent pork chops and great tea, is what I had there recently.
1	Just had the filet pepper jack special. Awful. Filet wasn't a filet. Whole dish was awash in pepperjackish soup. I was offered another filet. Fine. They took mine away, washed it off and brought it back to me. Less than fine. Almost no bourbon in the bar. Waitress snatched the menu away like she was trying to start a lawn mower. I have now been to Carolina Prime. Can't say I'll be coming back.
4	Very nice independent steakhouse.   Food was excellent (we had filets).  Staff was friendly and very attentive.  We will go again.
5	I am new to Charlotte and have been searching for an affordable steakhouse. We definitely found it here! The food is excellent, the prices are very reasonable and the service is fantastic. My only ultra minor complaint is that I ordered a classic martini and it was a little warm, so next time I will make sure to ask for a chilled one. If I lived closer, I would come here on a weekly basis.
3	Great service. But sub par steak. Not the highest quality of beef. Steak also had a cut in it to check doneness. Which is unacceptable.
5	Great service and great food at decent prices! Lovely local restaurant, we enjoyed the menu options but ended up getting a surf and turf special. We will be back!!!!
5	First visit and we were suprisingly pleased!  Our server could not have been more attentive in any way even with two large parties!  The Primerib was very well prepared the side dishes so-so.  Very pleasant overall!
3	I live nearby and go here a few times a month. The service is good the place is clean. My fav is the steak salad or the shrimp dinner. I give three stars because the steaks are nothing to rave about. If that is what they want to be known for, they are not doing a good job!
2	I was disappointed.  They have a decent $12 steak. But it costs $22.  The 14 oz. ribeye was thin, over cooked and not flavorful.  The broccoli was undercooked and bland.  The server was great, fast and friendly, so there was that.  But at the end of the day, when you go to a steakhouse you want a  great steak.   CP didn't have it.
2	When you have the word "prime" in your name, out of everything else on your menu, you should do steak well. If you don't know the difference between medium, medium well, and well done, then maybe you should stick to some other type of item. My server was nice enough and very pleasant to deal with. If I understand it however, the owner is the also cook... Not pleasant to deal with. I ordered a 12 ounce ribeye medium well. After being brought one that was medium rare with a cool bloody center, I was then brought a skinny cut that was completely brown all through, overcooked for even well done. I did not ask for the cook and I was content enough to just eat my meal and go about my business. But the server insisted that she get him for me. But when he came out he seemed incredulous that someone would call into question the quality,  and at that point I was resigned to the fact that my burnt piece of beef was punishment for questioning the first one.  I'm content to just not ever return.  I do wish them the best and I hope that other customers have had better experiences.
1	I hate to do this but this "meal" has my blood boiling. We ordered five medium rare steaks of varying cuts and the meat was completely raw. The steaks, I'm sure, have been frozen for months before being served. Inedible would've been a compliment for this meat. Overpriced and terrible. The song Hurt by Johnny Cash is requisite listening after visiting this establishment. The service, however, was wonderful. The waitress was charming and quick.
1	The only reason I am giving one star is I can't go any lower. I ordered a medium rare New York Strip. My first bite was over done and by the time I got to the halfway mark it was raw. Add to that this looked nothing like a New York strip but more like a old piece of shoe leather.  I can eat and enjoy some not so good food but this steak would have been bad if it came off of a lunch truck yet alone a Steakhouse. First time in my life I left half a steak on my plate.Note: The staff are very nice.
4	As usual I agree with Amy C, this place is a solid lunch spot. The food is definitely a solid 3.5 but the great service bumps them up to a very respectable 4 stars. My co-workers and I arrived a little before noon and were seated immediate. Our waitress was fantastic, I can't remember her name but she was so kind and accommodating it was like we were in her home eating. She checked on us and served us with such ease. It was awesome. I liked the amount of options that this restaurant offered and the fact a there are quite a few lunch specials daily. After a quick review of the menu, I decided to go with their special which was a chicken taco salad in a tortilla shell, with corn, black beans, pico and cheese with your choice of dressing. The salad was huge and there was plenty of chicken to keep me full! My co-workers all ordered something different and everything on the table looked so good.We were in and out in no time, so I'd definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a good meal, you have a hungry group of people that all want something different and you want to pay a very reasonable price.
