5	I love getting my hair colored and cut at Dolce!  I always go to Katie and she's great!  Super nice and always does exactly what I ask!  This is a type of salon where there are different price points depending on the experience of the stylist you are going to.  So I understand the last reviewer being upset about the price but she should have asked about the cost before getting her hair styled.  When I made my first appointment here, the girl taking my appointment asked me what I was looking for and asked what price point I wanted to be in.  I don't pay anywhere close to $200 and I love how my hair looks!I've also had my eyebrows waxed here (I don't remember who did it) and they did an awesome job!  Very gentle and hardly no redness afterwards, and I'm always red after!I believe Dolce's customer service is amazing and I will continue to get my hair done here as long as I live nearby!
4	I've been going to Dolce Lusso since I arrived in the area in 2006, and have yet to be disappointed.  I've had coloring, cuts, perms, eyebrow waxing, massages - and have not had a bad experience.  I've even taken my grandmother there for a weekly "wash and set" a couple times.  The only thing I haven't done is the mani-pedi, but they are always busy in that area when I am there, so they must be good.I don't have a regular stylist since I only get my hair cut sporadically.  Pricing is definitely based on experience, and the appointment setter always tells me the skill level of the person available so I can say yes or no.  I have been with all skill levels and the cut/price fits appropriately with that skill level.Everyone is courteous, the place is clean, and I have no complaints.  It's not five star simply because a place would have to have a true "wow" factor to get a five star rating.  But it's definitely above-average.
5	Denise did my eyebrows and she did a great job! She takes her time and makes them look awesome.
1	Worth the drive into Charlotte for your hair. I'm the 3rd one of my friends to leave Dulce Lusso of Baxter for Fresh Salon in Ballantyne. I gave Dulce Lusso 5 tries and stayed the longest of all my friends. My last hair cut actually put me in tears and its taken another salon 3 appointments to fix the mess. The ladies at Dulce Lusso always seem to be in a rush when I'm there. Not enough time between appointments. I honestly think they do well because of the neighborhood. If they were located somewhere else in Fort Mill the business wouldn't be that great. Highly recommend Fresh Salon Ballantyne. No I'm not a friend or a family member...just a very happy customer who made the switch with my friends!
5	Maria cut my hair and my sister's hair. She did an amazing job! The customer service there is great and they have massage chairs while you get your hair washed. A little hand massage was a bonus to the scalp massage! We are really happy with our cuts.
5	Concierge service from the front desk. The spa is a hidden gem in Baxter Village, Fort Mill. They have an incredible set of extras that they add on to every service, like hot towels and hot packs, special Aveda products that are custom prepared for your individual needs, and from what I hear , they give back a lot to the community, which means a lot to me.Massage is my favorite service here, (of course, if you know me, that's no surprise.)They have amazing facials, and I have changed my personal face product line up I use to the Tourmaline line. I love it. It's all natural, and cruelty free, something else important to me.Marcy, who does manicure & pedicure services won Best of Fort Mill for four years in a row. While I am not a big name in getting those services, I went to her once for a foot massage pedicure because I was getting plantar fasciitis. The one massage did more than three pairs of new shoes.
5	A few years ago, I went to Dolce Lusso for a special updo for a friend's wedding, and they did an awful job.  I thought I'd never go back.  That is, until I ran into a woman who had the exact, elusive color of red that I'd been striving for for years.  She said, go see Richie Childers at Dolce Lusso.  So I did.  And, boy am I glad I did!I met Richie one afternoon for a consultation, during which I lamented my many failed attempts to achieve the vibrant, cherry coke red I desired for my baby fine, ashy-brown hair.  Every stylist before had said they'd gotten it as red as possible without bleaching my hair out first (something I did not want to do).  Each time, it looked great the day I was colored, but each day after that, it quickly faded to blah.  And you could never see the red unless I was in sunlight.  Richie explained to me why my desired color could not work at salons that carried such products as Redkin and such, and explained why the Aveda colors, and his techniques, would get me the results I wanted.  No problem.So, I put myself in his hands.  I was not disappointed.  My color was absolutely gorgeous, and exactly what I had wanted all those years.  So vibrant and shiny, too!  My color stayed that way until about week five, when it ever-so-slightly began to fade a little bit. Richie had warned me that would happen this time because he had had to lift a little of my color and apply a particular technique this first time I saw him, but that subsequent applications would result in longer-lasting color.  So, no problem.  Week six, I saw Richie again.  This time, he adjusted the color application, only laying on color.  I could not believe the results!  Even more red, rich, vibrant, shiny--just gorgeous!  No fewer than four total strangers stopped me during that day, commenting on my gorgeous red hair.  I love it!FYI, for all of you who say Dolce Lusso charges too much, considering they aren't a Charlotte salon--I've been to many Charlotte salons, and I never escape without forking over at least $200.  Richie is one of their top stylists, and each of my visits was under $200.  Considering it's the best service with the best results, I'd have happily paid more.Richie, I'm all yours now.  And I'm hooked on the Aveda color and your techniques.Bonus: They have these incredibly comfortable reclining seats at the hair washing stations.  You're fully reclined, and there's even a built-in massage.  Heaven!
5	I have been going to this salon for 2 1/2 years now and absolutely love it. Leisl is AMAZING and I love her to pieces. She takes her time with consultations and I love how meticulous she is with her cuts. I'm heavy-set  (rounder face) and have fine straight hair and get full highlights and whenever I bring a picture of what I want, she will make suggestions based on my hair type and such. I just braved a short pixie and it is SOOOO awesome. I showed her a picture from the internet and she recommended a few things with the length in the back and for my hair type. She was right on. That trust to me is so important. I've had so many compliments in the last few days. I have gone to 2 other stylists there. One of whom, I was not happy with the color. Cut was great but the color was not done well. I regret not contacting the manager because the next time when I came in I told her and she said to call right away if I'm not happy and they will do whatever they can to correct it. That's a good salon. They are always busy too - another sign of a great salon. I also see a lot of the same stylists and not a revolving door of many stylists. Be sure you determine your budget and what level of stylist you want. My full highlights and cut is $128.00 which is a STEAL compared to Charlotte up-scale salons.Also nice they offer you beverages like pop, coffee, even a Mimosa if you like! Always very clean. I've never had to wait for my stylists who are always on time... can't really think of anything else.
