5	Don has become so much more than my Realtor.  I cannot put into words what his expertise, grace, judgement, and enthusiasm means to me and my family.  We are and have been DOWNTOWNERS for 6+ years.  Don opened our eyes to so many more properties than we ever imagined.Don helped us find "THE PERFECT HOME" .....and he stuck with us for over 15 months!! You will be impressed with his knowledge of historic homes...his flawless taste and "good eye" for detail.....his honesty buttered with tact and graciousness.  Did I mention how much FUN he made the house hunting???  His enthusiasm is infectious and honestly....he knows what he is talking about (more crudely put..."he knows his s***t!).  You will be in good hands AND you will learn SOOOO much along the way.Happy house hunting and selling!!!  Don will take good care of you!
1	I am in the market for a 2nd home in Phoenix and contacted Don only to find that he is arrogant and didn't pay attention to my needs.  I found to him to very unprofessional.  I felt like he was trying to push me into a house that I didn't even like because it was his listing and it was more than I wanted to pay.I do not recommend him as an agent.
2	We were looking to buy a historic home and found Don through the Historic Phoenix website.  We had a great time looking at homes with him.  He was very honest about most things, and would point out flaws with the homes before we even noticed them.  He did keep pressuring me to use "his guy" for financing, even though I already had solid financing lined up elsewhere, so that was a little annoying.  He also fed us a couple pieces of wrong information.  However, we never felt at any point he was pushing us into buying something.  Quite the opposite -- he actually talked us out of a couple homes.  He was very helpful... until we actually moved into our home and had a major problem with it.We had a plumbing problem that turned into a nightmare.  Our home warranty plan that Don chose for us (without asking us if it was what we really wanted...) would not cover the repair, and we called Don desperately seeking help.  Right away he seemed hesitant to help us, but he did end up calling the home warranty people and upgraded our plan and got the repair covered.The nature of the plumbing problem clearly implied that the previous owner of the home knew of this issue and did not disclose it to us.  Don agreed with us, and said he would call his "broker" and see what kind of legal action we could take.  Suddenly he stopped returning my calls, and my emails were being ignored.  I finally got him back on the phone and he told me suddenly my emails ended up in his "spam folder," and he never got them, but he told me he "safelisted" my address. He again told me he'd contact his "broker" and we didn't hear from him again.  Emails continued to be ignored as well.  He clearly did not want to deal with this and was just brushing us off.  He already got his commission, so why bother, right?We have since emailed Don with guidance on a couple things over the past year, and have had no response.  Guess it's that pesky "spam folder" again.He did help us get the repair covered in the end, so he gets 2 stars instead of 1, but I would not recommend Don to anyone seeking to buy a home in Phoenix.
