3	Came in for lunch today...just the lunch special soup and salad...The new Spicy Southwest Chicken & Sausage Soup was delicious! It had huge pieces of chicken and sausage with a creamy base and just the right amount of kick...I loved the spicy after taste each bite left the tortilla strips on top were a nice crunchy kick to top it off!And just a regular house salad, lettuce, cheese tomatoes,cucumbers, onions and cruotons...it came in a small bowl and for the lunch portion I considered it a lot of food.The only reason I didn't give more stars is because it took forever to get our lunch...we only had an hour for lunch and 40 minutes later we were still without our food...But for a quick bite, its a good deal....depending on what you get its either $6, $7, or $8...and that's not too bad!
1	It was an overall bad experience here.  The tables were sticky.  The glasses were dirty. The service was slow and the food was tasteless.  I would probably not return here.
3	Let me start by saying, I am a frequent Chilis eater. There food is delicious and the restaurant has a great family environment. If it wasnt for the bad service, I would have given this specific location a 5 Star. The hostess was rude, did not smile, and as I walked through the doors holding a baby carrier she just watched. Our server was extremely slow, and the restaurant was not busy enough to make up for her lack of attentiveness. I was disappointed to say the least.
1	The wait was over 30 minutes and the waiter was next to the worst. Even the mgr offer us a free dessert, but then the waiter said it was only for one.Smh!rIf I wanted to I could buy this place.
2	I frequent this location often as a great place to get a quick lunch that is not "fast food".  Today however I think was not a gear experience.  The food was ok, but the service was lacking.  Placed our order for express lunch promptly along with order for water to drink.  Had to ask another server after 10 minutes if we could get our water and chips and salsa. She bright them to us.  After another 10 minutes our lunch arrived I wondered if our waiter thought out drunks had magically appeared.  Unfortunately this the set the pace for the remainder of lunch, wait and ask for the check, ask for the waiter to cash out, etc.
1	I can't tell you how the food was because after waiting 10 minutes (with no line) to get a table, placing our order, and 20 minutes later with no chips and salsa, we left. I should've known to leave when the person sitting beside of us complained that his food had taken so long.  Terrible!!!
3	Robert is our waiter. He made some really good table side guacamole for us. We had no wait to get a table and we're seated immediately. I ordered a lemonade and a mushroom swiss burger. My wife ordered sweet tea and chicken crispers. The guacamole was very filling. Now to see what the burger tastes like. It's average,  what a shame.
