5	Dr. De Andrade is a good guy and I trust him.  The office is beautiful and his staff are friendly.
5	lI am a guy who doesn't like going to the Dentist.  I avoid it and hope it won't be necessary. It works until, oops!  I needed periodontal work and after meeting Dr. De Andrade at a meeting, I asked him if he would take a look at me. (This was a Thursday night, I told him a quick overview of what I thought I needed and he arranged to see me the next Tuesday.)It all started before I even got there. Nathan (Office Coordinator) emailed me the forms I would need to complete so I could do them comfortably at my desk.When I walked in the door of the Office, things start to get even easier.  Nathan is friendly, approachable and will put his full attention on you.  He checks to see how you are and learn what you need. He doesn't waste your time and he is as patient as you need him to be.The atmosphere in the whole office is like this. The waiting area is comfortable and you can see Carolyn or Dolores focused on screens and keyboards - busily making things happen, but available for a question. Everyone in this Office knows about helping people feel "welcome and comfortable".  (I love that about this place.)This Doctor is a guy who "Listens".  He wants to know what is important to me about my teeth and what's going on. He is personable without being over-solicitous or phony.  He genuinely cares and believes that he is in the business of "Care-Giving".  He lives it and it's obvious. He also has that wonderful mindset that no problem is too much. No problem!  That, by itself is amazing and he's a guy you can count on and he won't BS you and he won't take advantage of you.  (To me, these things are hard to find these days.)He has Dental Assistants both seasoned and new.  Barbara has a delightfully energetic presence and worked to immediately make me comfortable in the chair. She has been there for a while and knows the Doc well.  (The dental chair has a massager for the back! - Every little bit helps.)  Katherine is competent, attentive and gently reassuring.  Both Assistants move with practiced ease.Here is a first; there is a special hanger for women to place their purse within easy reach and still have it not get in the way. (I didn't need it, but my wife would love it.)I am talking about an exceptional Periodontal Office.  Yes!  A Dentist!  It is called Anthem Periodontics and Dental Implants. They are in the Henderson and Las Vegas areas - write me and I will pass along their contact info bobsmith@mysuccess.com if you have any trouble finding it.I had a tooth with a hole in it (under the gum, eeeee-UUU) and it was getting painful.  I had put it off as long as I thought I could get away with it. Did I mention that I don't like going to the Dentist.  I also found that I had a failed Root Canal.I met with the Doc and we agreed that the teeth involved were best to turn into implants. Did I mention that I am a "Chicken" in the chair when it comes to pain?I told the Doc about this and when he started to numb me, he said that he had the "Chicken" numbing protocol.  (It made me laugh out loud with relief.) He gave me the "local" in little steps so I didn't have to climb the walls from getting stuck.  He kept me informed the whole way and he checked on my comfort throughout the process.  No pain, no discomfort. (Yes, I was stressed - but it was out of habit - not reality, if that makes sense).He removed both teeth and they had different degrees of challenge.  He was exceptional.  He made me comfortable the whole time and was attentive to detail as well as my experience.It was pretty traumatic for me to think about implants and he made it infinitely easier on me than I expected.He called me the next evening and checked on me.  He asked about very specific things I was doing or feeling and reviewed what was coming up next.  I did follow instructions.  I iced my face the way he and Barbara said - viola, no swelling today.Post procedure pain was very easy to manage (nothing that the Ibuprofen couldn't handle). The details are the important part.  This guy and his staff are delightful.  They don't take their patients or their jobs for granted and they make it easy to do what is necessary to get my mouth back on track.I am grateful to the people that work in this Office as much as I am the good Doctor.  It all matters and they really helped me.This man knows what he is doing, he won't steer you wrong, he won't make you feel wrong or stupid (too many Dentist's wag their fingers with "shoulds").  Dr. De Andrade is someone you can count on.  I would trust this Doctor with my Wife, Son or Daughter. And I am actually comfortable thinking about my next appointment with him.ThanksBob
5	I was the guy born with a lucky set of teeth.  No cavities till my 20s, no braces, even all of my wisdom teeth fit without need for removal.  My gums however were getting plagued by gum recession and I needed some grafting done to protect my teeth. Never having much ever done in my mouth I of course was very concerned and probably not a good patient.  However, everyone at Anthem made me feel great from the front office, to the assistants, and mostly by Dr. DeAndrade himself.  He went out of his way to make me comfortable, ask me my concerns, and do the procedure in a fashion that was compassionate and caring while at the same time delivering a great result.  He made multiple calls for follow up due to my apprehensive nature and that put me at further ease.  It helps to have something done so professionally and with such a high level of caring and understanding.  A fantastic experience all around. Thanks.
