5	As soon as you walk in this particular Del Taco, you notice how well maintained it is. Since this location is new, so is the interior design. Fun lighting and seating arrangements. The most exciting thing you'll notice are the very large sauce dispenser bottles. They are internally lit and have bright colors. I had to immediately take a photo. Service was nice and I even got a smile, which is rare in fast food restaurants. I know I'll be coming back for sure!
4	I've eaten here a number of times since they opened, both in the restaurant and take-out.  Have never had a bad meal (even fast food can be over or under cooked, just ask my son).  Service is always good and they keep the dining area clean.  Having the sauces in the large dispensers is one item I love since you don't have to deal with the little plastic bags and more often, take more than one needs.
3	Taco Bell's cousin just doesn't do it for me.
3	If your on the run and need a super quick bite and feel like Mexican fare the chicken soft tacos are a great choice.  The churro dessert is also a great quick sweet treat and for a dollar a piece, grab 2 of them.
5	Seriously, how do you rate a 24 hour place?! It's either 5 stars cuz you're drunk and everything is amazing or 0 stars cuz it's fast food. C'mon people catch up! Quit trying to be professional critics!
2	This place is way better then taco bell but they will screw your order up more then taco bell when you go thru the drive thru so just check your food and it tastes good nothing horrible its fast food what can you expect.
4	For fast food its pretty decent and doesn't make my belly hurt. Better tacos and better hot sauce than Taco Bell, thats why I go. Oh and its cheap, convenient and always open for me. The Pepper Jack quesadillas aren't bad either.
5	Throughoughly delighted! We asked for fries well done, and they arrived as asked and delish. The fish tacos, which were abslutely tasty, were piping hot in our togo bag with lime slices for squeezing on the tacos. They took the time to toast the tortillas for the burritos in our order. And our coke was a perfect mix of syrup and carbonation (this is kind of a big deal to me, I love soda, and if its bad it can ruin my meal).Note: parking lot is a pain to get in and out of, not recommended for large trucks!!
1	I went here the night of Oct 28 at like 2am. Now granted, this is not prime evaluation time for any business, but not much is open. A couple of things you might take into consideration before judgement is rendered:1) In general, my reviews are overwhelmingly positive.2) I really like Del Taco3) I am fine with indifferent service/minororde r issues4) I eat a lot of fast food because 'Merica.The guy in the drive through exuded "f*ck you" from the moment the speaker came on. He said everything he was supposed to, but it came loaded with battling quantities of creepy and douchey. Real simple order with a no ice drink. Clarified specifically no ice (in a very nice way). Got drink with tons of ice less than 10 seconds later. Food came out shortly after and the body language/tone coming off that dude was nothing short of a master's class in hostile and condescending body language. He ended with the worst "have a wonderful night" I've ever experienced.I went home, inspected the food for spit and fed it to the dog. It might just be one terrible employee, but I wouldn't come here late at night when management isn't around.
1	I love Del taco. the night guy working is the worst human I've ever seen at this location. he is the rudest person and I am a please and thank you could a person. he shouldn't work there...
1	Anyone looking for a job who has a complete lack of customer service skills should apply here.  I'm pretty sure you're in.  Considering the fact that they make nothing per hour I would normally give them a little lee-way and not expect too much.Stopped by late night to order something quick on the way home and went through the drive-up.  Had to repeat my order because the kid just wasn't getting what I wanted.  Apparently he thought he was and said "I heard you the first time".  Well, you didn't because it was wrong.  Glad I checked the bag before leaving and getting all the way home.Next time, I'll get Taco Bell.  Idiots.
1	Why is it that every time I go here I fool myself thinking it's going to get better. It doesn't.  A one-star rating is super generous for this location.Went through the drive-up about 7:30pm Friday night, they were holding all the cars back from ordering by announcing "we'll be with you in a few minutes" over the speaker.  Well, a few minutes turned into about 15 considering there were a couple of cars in front of me.  After I ordered and rounded the corner to the window, I realized what the hold up was.  They are timed at how long cars sit at the window and didn't want a line of people waiting and messing up their numbers.So, I was extremely specific on what I wanted, and again like an idiot I got all the way home to find out it was wrong.  So back in my car I get and drive all the way back to have it corrected (knowing that by the time I get home everyone else will have finished their meal and I will be eating alone).I walk in and immediately the night manager Sergio gives me a bad attitude.  I showed him the receipt and asked him to remake the item and to give me a refund for my time, gas, trouble...whatever.  He cops a total attitude with me and says I can have a refund or item re-made but I'm not going to get both.You know, for a couple of two dollar tacos (that probably cost them a nickel each to make) you would think they would do what they could to keep a pretty regular customer coming back a couple of times a month.There are way too many other options out there for me to ever go back to this Del Taco.  Thanks to Sergio and his lack of customer service skills.
3	I can get a burger, a taco, and some fries with chili on it in one shot.  Seriously, who doesn't love that?  Their burgers aren't bad, either.  I have to say, my favorite thing at Del Taco isn't their tacos, although they're good, but the chili cheese fries.  I am totally addicted.
