5	Barracuda has been my preferred Pool Company for our Property Management business for quite some time, and I have nothing but positive things to say about their company. Barracuda has always been reliable/ dependable for ALL my pool & spa needs. I can count on them addressing issues in a timely manner and offering competitive prices to repair whatever the issue may be. It has been a "breathe of fresh air" to have a Pool Company I can rely on! Thanks Barracuda and keep up the good work!
1	Barracuda came highly recommended to us, but we have been extremely disappointed with what customer service we have received. Not only has the weekly pool service been shoddy at best, but the company is completely unresponsive to its customers. The first week of service, the pool tech left our hose on in our pool, and we didn't discover this until we came home later in the evening, with the pool almost overflowing. The second week, we noticed that our pool vacuum was no longer working, and when I mentioned it to the tech, he said he'd bring the parts to our house the following week. The next week came, and the tech (who was a different person than the week before) said he didn't know about the broken vacuum, but that he'd call it in and we could get it fixed. We heard nothing after that. When I finally called the office to see when we could get the vacuum fixed, I had to call three times over the course of a week before the owner left me a voicemail to tell me the price of the repair. When I tried to schedule service thereafter, it took two more phone calls over the course of 4 days to schedule the repair person to come. In the interim, our pool turned green, was covered in algae, and frankly looked worse than when the pool went unattended for a month while our house was vacant. During the next visit, the pool tech left the backflow hose out across the yard, draped over some plants in the backyard. The water from the backflow caused rocks from our landscaping to scatter over the patio and caused water damage to some boxes we had stored in the area. I have attempted to cancel our service and request a refund for the remainder of the month, but have heard no response. A one star rating is too much for this company. You'd be better off taking care of the pool yourself.
