2	The only full service car wash near my house.  Same price as all the others.  Little slow but there was great attention to detail.  Nice job.
4	I like going to this car wash because of it's proximity to Mimi's restaurant & my gym (24 hour fitness), this way I can walk over to eat or work out while my car gets washed.  The place looks a little run down but they do great work, the prices on full details are great.  I brought over one of my landscape company trucks to do a full detail inside and out and they only charged me $140.  They buffed, waxed, detailed inside, power washed and detailed engine and under-carriage for this price.  Considering the truck was so filthy because we get these trucks pretty darn dirty while mowing grass, I was very impressed with all the work.
4	I like going to this place because it is close to work and rarely busy.  The people are nice and they do a decent job!
4	very convenient to my work .... great prices, quick and they do a REALLY good job
5	This is the ONLY car wash I will go to! Every time I leave my car is extremely clean and shiny. First your car is taken through an automatic wash (you can watch from inside the waiting area) and then it is hand dryed by one or two employees. They take their time to make sure it's completely dry and spotless. They will even blow the water out from areas such as between the doors and under the trunk.I have never had a problem with this place and recommend it to everyone. The prices are not bad either! For $6.99 you get the exterior wash (I usually get this one) and for $12.99 you get the basic, where they clean your car's exterior and interior (dusting, etc.). They offer other options too, such as waxing, tire dress, etc, etc.The owner is very polite and I usually see him there, so you can tell he really cares about the work his business does. This place is a little out my way but I will go to this car wash any day over dozens that are closer to my house.
4	this place is great!  I recommend them to anyone who needs their car washed!  they do a great job and are very friendly!
2	Probably the second worst detail I've had on my xterra. The left some spray  that they used n my dash on my windows that didn't come with cleaner.  Unfortunately it was darker out when I picked my car back up so didn't inspect it very good.  They are ok for cleaning the outside, but they rushed the interior detail.
4	It's hard to find a good car wash place, but I thought this one was great! I was very impressed by the amount of detail they had on my truck I brought in. I only bought a basic interior and exterior wash, yet they still spent plenty of time on it to make sure it looked great by the time they were done. After the car goes through the automated washer, one of the guys even goes around shooting air into all the crevices around the vehicle to make sure a bunch of hidden water doesn't come leaking out right when you drive off. They switch their towels out a ton while they're wiping the car down vs. reusing nasty towels the whole time like a lot of other places I've used. Most places just spend about 1 or 2 minutes wiping the car down, but these guys spent a good 5+ minutes, and that's with 2 people doing it!The owner, Nabeel is a very helpful guy as well. I'll use these guys a lot in the future!!
4	I love this place!  They treat my car if it were their own.  They are family owned and VERY concentious and pay attemtion to detail.  I do not have to babysit them like other car washes.  I was most imoressed by the fact that a manager is out with the detailers when finishing a car and looks over their work.  THEN askes you if all is satisfactory?   Michael M should have taken a proactive approach and brought his concerns to the management so they could be addressed and thus he would ahve been satisfied.  These are the type of people that if he had called them the next day I am very sure they would have comped him another wash at no charge.  But to trash them here is just rediciulious.   I've been pleased every time I've gone and now do not feel comfortable taking my car anywhere else. Ahem,  BTW,  I have an XTerra too and they do a fabulious job on it.
5	slow but meticulously clean. i would rather wait for something awesome than get something crappy quickly. also great that you can get upto 5 bucks cash back when you pay with your debit card  so you can tip the worker.
1	The owner was incredibly rude to me. My daughter had an issue with his place so I called to complain and not only did he did not seem to care, he was actually dismissive. When I said that my last resort was writing an online review of my experience, he started screaming "YOU DON'T THREATEN ME!! DON'T YOU EVER THREATEN ME!!!!"  I won't ever be back of course, and I make it a point to let others know of his outrageous behavior.
4	They take their time, and do a good job.  Prices are reasonable and staff has always been friendly.
1	This is a horrible car wash.  The manager / owner is extremely rude and the quality of the work is terrible.   I would never waste the money to return here.  They only are concerned with up selling detail packages and not with the quality of car washes done.
5	Been here a couple of times and they do a great job. My car sparkles when I leave here!!Excellent customer services and staff was very friendly
