5	Not only does this place have all the stuff a single person or couple would be looking for to feel sexy, the staff is amazingly friendly and knowledgeable. They make something that's usually represented as seedy and make it truly fun!I know where I'll be going for all my fun times supplies!
5	Customer service was phenomenal! The staff made me feel very comfortable about asking questions about the products. They made the experience a lot of fun. I was really surprised about the reasonable prices as well.
5	This store has everything you could want from an adult store and more! They have great adult merchandise, they also have tons of lingerie and great clothing and handbags. The staff are very helpful and never pushy and it's an over-all great experience. Whether you are a Vegas local or just visiting, I highly recommend stopping by this store to check it out!
1	Yeah! This place is so great it's staff has to write bogus reviews. Lmao! There are so many adult boutiques in Vegas. Shop elsewhere people!  This place is a joke! Wish I could give it zero stars!
4	Flashy! This is what I expect from a store on the strip.  Except that it's not. It's near by, to be sure, and it's a winner when it comes to adult stores! It's worth the visit if you're looking for lingerie or even costume bits.  If you're looking for a selection of toys? They have some, but there are places with better selections. I was mildly upset they didn't have the vampire paddle (A hustler item) that I was looking for!  Ah well, next time. Right now, (Nov 2013) they had a sale that all Hustler branded merchandise was 50% off. I don't know if it was just for that location or not, but hey, I got a shot glass for $2.50.  :)
5	Stopped here to grab some Bachelorette favors, games and decorations.  This store is pretty cool.  They have all kinds of adult stuff.  Clothing, costumes, toys, everything!!  The guy that helped us was really cool (I wish I remembered his name) and knowledgeable.  He talked to us girls for a long time about all the different sex toys.  It was informative to say the least.
5	Great products and staff. Everyone was very helpful and knowledgeable about their adult toys. They have some of the coolest, most innovated and best products on the market. Some of the toys I had never seen before. We went in just to browse and ended up with a bag full of goodies.
5	I come here everytime I visit Vegas. I shop here with my daughter :) We just like to stroll around and look for whatever catches our eyes, or whatever we are in the mood for. Sometimes they have great clearance items which I am always on the lookout for. Some things can be a bit pricy and the employes are always pleasant. They are well stocked on most items and the store is always clean and organized :)
1	The guy at the door was rude and tried to charge us for drinks even though the package said it was included, then when wetted to leave there limo drivers were talking shit about our group while we were standing there, when I said I can hear you, and it was unacceptable, he said fine you can take a cab then, and walked away. Unbelievable service here from the staff, completely ruins the experience and wasn't cheap
5	Great prices and even better staff. They were so helpful. I'll definitely be returning to the store- huge selection of clothes
1	Nasty. Point blank, people were rude.  Just girls trying to make a living off a pole. Just trash.
