4	This new Original Pancake House is a really cool addition to the brand new Aliante Casino. On the day after Christmas, we were actually looking for Krispy Kreme which we found out recently closed.  So here we were wanting some carbs with  the Original Pancake House open.  It was an excellent choice.At 7:30 AM, there was no line but by 8:15 when we left, it was getting full and lively. Lots of families spent Christmas day in the hotel for a reunion and descended into OPH before heading back home - probably with fewer dollars less in their pockets. The place was brand spanking new, very clean, bright, and overall comfortable.  We had a terrific waitress; cheerful, well spoken, and polite saying sorry when she interrupted our conversation to take our order, if all was well, to ask if we wanted coffee refills, to take dirty plates, etc. What I've found is that overall, the northern North Las Vegas employees are a little more polite and cheerful that their Southern California counterparts. Either NLV workers are the better actors or they're smarter knowing how service can break a fragile economy.I ordered the apple pancake ($10), a huge mound of hyper gooey sweetness and buttery-cinnamon yellow delicious apples. It arrived in exactly 18 minutes like she said. My brother ordered the ham steak and eggs ($8) which came with either sour dough toast or regular pancakes. We also ordered hash browns which are more like home fries. Everything tasted good, and came to our table warm.  The total bill with coffee was $25 plus tax and tip.  One complaint I have is that this chain requires you to pay the cashier instead of your wait person. There is no way an average person can finish this apple pancake in one sitting. It measures 12 inches in diameter and 3 inches tall and probably contains a cup of sliced apples in a custard-like pancake. It probably contains a half cup of sugar. Those with too much sugar in their diet, like me, really shouldn't order this hyper calorie dish. But it was too yummy to resist. So I just ate half and saved the rest for the next day.  Like the words of my overweight college track coach years ago  - do as I say, not as I do.
2	To be fair, I ordered a sandwich instead of pancakes - BIG MISTAKE. I have visited the location in Aliso Viejo and thoroughly enjoyed chocolate chip & banana pancakes. Anyway, I ordered the Chicken Melt and added avocado (so not enough to be worth the extra $1.89). The chicken was okay but not as moist as it should have been and there was something off about the seasoning. It comes on a french roll - that was a bit too much bread - with tomato (which still had that top part that attaches to the vine on it) and a lot of lettuce (which was mostly brown). The french fries were adequate although some were more salted than others and the portion was amazingly small.My husband had the Cinnamon Raisin Pancakes that he said were "quite nice". If we return - which is possible since Aliante keeps sending me coupons (wonder why that is???) - I will definitely stick with the pancakes.
4	The BF has been on a bit of a breakfast kick lately so we came to Aliante to check out the casino, the poker room and get some pancakes.We settled on some Corned Beef Hash which comes with 4 thin potato pancakes and 2 eggs which we ordered "basted" (it's basically over easy but they just don't flip it over they pour hot oil on it to cook the top) and some Hawaiian pancakes which has pineapple cooked into the pancakes with tropical syrup. Pancakes are made small and come with 6 in an order and most items can be ordered as a half an order as well. I like that the hash wasn't the finely minced corned beef but chunky pieces. The potato pancakes are good, goes well with the apple sauce they give you which I originally was apprehensive about. The surprise for me is the pancakes. I am not a pancake person, but the BF was feeling it so I told him to order it. It was light and fluffy and had good flavor...I pleasantly was surprised that I was reaching for a 2nd pancake when normally a handful of bites is my usual. I know pancake is in their name, but I didn't think I was going to like them this much. Going to come back for pancakes- from me this is saying A LOT. Service was attentive, my glass was filled twice when it was barely reaching to 1/3 of it left. She checked on us often to make sure we were doing okay and looked that we were done and came straight away to see if we wanted our check. Aahh, it's nice not to be held "hostage" for a check. I normally like the OG spots of chains since they have character, but last time I went to the Charleston, my booth was broken and not comfy at all. I rather come here where it's clean, attentive and it's closer to home.
4	The Original Pancake House Make Everything from scratch. The Omelette's are excellent. Pancakes are good. Excellent Customer Service. BIG Plus!  Definitely worth your time and Money.
3	Potato pancakes are delightful! I am only deducting stars because of the service, or lack therein. Our waitress was very busy as there was a line of people waiting in the casino to eat here. I can understand busy times, but I cannot accept having to wait 15 minutes once seated for my order to be taken. I would have flagged her down, but she was nowhere to be found. Once we put in our order, it didn't take long to get our food, but then started the long wait for our check. So annoying!!! I ordered the eggs Benedict which came with 4 potato pancakes which were out of this world. The eggs Benedict was eh okay, the hollandaise sauce was very thick and heavy which I'm not a fan of. I might just order the potato pancakes next time.
2	Another "great" restaurant inside Aliante Station.I gave them an extra star for the perky staff. But that's it. I tried the potato pancakes. You get a ton of them! Too bad they tasted like lemon and vinegar. I took  two bites out of a plate that was LITERALLY overflowing with pancakes. I tried telling the server that something was wrong because they tasted terrible and she insisted that the vinegar-lemon taste was the German recipe.Now, I've never waited tables before. But it's common sense to me that if a fat lady orders a giant platter of potatoes and takes literally two small bites, she didn't like it and it should have been removed from the bill. But that's just me. Those who can't do, teach. Right?Won't be back. Nope.
3	We were so hungry...I think anything would've tasted good!  LOL!  But everything was good.  My favorite is their baked omelets...we were in a hurry so I didn't have time to wait 18 minutes while it baked.As expected...pancakes, eggs and bacon were all good.  Coffee was average.  I was a little disappointed to see they were getting rid of the military discount.  I would be curious to know why they aren't going to have that anymore.  A 20% discount is minimal considering the service they provide to our country.  Also, every time I've ever been at Aliante, it is crawling with service people.  It would seem to me, it'd be a better marketing strategy to get those large groups of people in, rather than not.  I'm sure it was an incentive to have them come in...without it, Aliante will just be another casino and the Original Pancake House is just another place to have breakfast.  There's plenty of places to choose from.  Ie:  The Cannery.....very service person friendly, and pretty sure it's closer to Nellis.
4	This Original Pancake House easily had the best service of any I've ever been to.  Our waitress was so sweet, I almost wanted to ask her to sit down and join us!All of the Pancake House specialties are enormous portions and could easily be shared by two people. I don't usually feel like sharing though, but it's always nice to have some to take home.If you want a filling Breakfast experience, OPH is a great place to go.Admittedly, as others have mentioned, the downside is the wait.  Since the food is "made to order" it can take considerable time for your meal to arrive.  If you are hungry to eat NOW, beware.
3	I had the omelet. It is cooked French style. It was alright...I like mine cooked American style!!! It was just to fluffy. I also had a side of their bacon. It was very very good. Service was ok. I went at 7:30 in the morning and it was dead. I expected better service
4	Really great service along with some great breakfast.  I kinda wished they would be open in evening especially with my late night pancake craving.
4	Original Pancake house is one of my favorite place to go to for breakfast. The place is clean, the staff is nice, and the food is so amazing. Located at Aliante Station off the 215 and Aliante. The Original Pancake house is one of the dining choices you have at Aliante Station Casinos. Even though it is inside the casino, its built to look like a house. The entrance way has a gated door and greeted with one of the staff members. Inside the Pancake House, its well lit, and the tables are laid out very nicely. A bit tight in a sense, but just enough to move around easily. As for the staff, they were really nice and it seems like they really enjoy their job. After being seated, the waitress was quick to ask what I would like to drink. Since I already knew what I wanted, I gave her my order of Strawberry Crepes and soda. Of course one of my favorites would be the strawberry crepes. But from previous visit, I had many other orders. One of my other favorites is their Oven Baked Omelette's. The Omelette's itself is like eating a football. Its actually that big of an omelet. Even though it was good, I like the Strawberry Crepes more than the omelet. Of course they were quick on the order, 10-15 minutes is enough time to make sure the food is cooked properly and served in a decent amount of time. The food was great, and the service was excellent. This is one of those restaurants I would highly recommend. The only thing I don't like about it, is that its only for lunch and breakfast. It tends to close their doors around 3pm. But if you do go,  go when they open their doors, or go during their down time. Once they get busy, waiting time tend to be longer. I prefer to go when its not to busy. Mainly after the breakfast rush and before the lunch rush. But do keep in mind on the time you plan to go and expect service to slow down, when it does get busy.
3	Not to die for, but definitely good stuff.
3	Breakfast was fine until I saw a waiter step behind a booth to pick his nose before continuing his food delivery. Call me old fashioned, but I prefer to think a good pick should be followed by a good hand wash.
