5	I made my way out to the 509 last weekend and was pleasantly surprised. Restaurants in this area typically follow a more traditional meat and potatoes trend, but The 509 offered up lots of variety in a small menu. Even better: the presentation was beautiful.I tried one of their salads and wrote up the experience in my blog:http://www.foodburgh.com/2009/11/509-cafe/I also heard back from an employee that they can substitute black bean burger for any meat-based item on the menu. Very vegetarian friendly.
3	I really want to like The 509 Cafe since it's in my neighborhood and we need more good restaurant but currently it's just okay. It replaced Elena's which was homey even if somewhat odd and quirky. The 509 looks just blah, from yellow paint on the walls to plastic plates (please get rid of plastic plates!)I had breakfast burrito... I LOVE breakfast burritos. This one was a little weird - it consisted of two small tortillas wrapped around the works. It was not wrapped like a burrito, it did not look like a burrito. I make something like this at home because I can't do any better. Past it's odd appearance, it did taste pretty good, although I didn't see any advertised sausage in there. I didn't try the salsa served with it but sour cream was very solid in it's plastic cup, probably from the fridge. My lunch companion loved his sandwich, so maybe the "burrito" was just a miss? The drink selection was good but tiny bottles of everything barely seems like enough to go with your meal (tiny gatorade, apple juice, etc)
3	Cafe 509, I really want to love you.  I want you to be my neighborhood coffee hangout.  I want you to be the Cafe 61C of Greenfield.  I want to wake up on Sunday and look forward to coffee and web browsing in your great coffee house atmosphere.On the plus side, your waitstaff is super friendly.  Your eggs are perfect.  There's hot sauce on all of the tables, and you're not afraid to use cilantro.  The coffee is bottomless.But, right now I just like you.  There's a possibility we might end up being "just friends".  Your food is ok.  You are reasonably priced, but I wish you had a veggie burger (Update: apparently there is a veggie burger, but I saw no mention of it on the menu) and a veggie sausage substitute for the breakfast dishes.  An espresso machine and better drip coffee would be good.  And how about some real maple syrup?I wish you played hip music instead of easy rock.  The TV in the dining area makes me cringe.I wish your atmosphere was more homey and inviting.  Can you take down that giant wall that separates the kitchen from the dining area?  Can you turn that big window into a garage door like Coffee Tree on Walnut?  Can you have outdoor seating?  Can you have rotating local artwork for sale?Greenfield's population is changing.  We're getting younger and hipper (and not just because I showed up 8 months ago - ha ha).  You're in a great position to win this crowd with a fun hang-out cafe - especially if you managed to be hip and kid-friendly at the same time (lots of young families in the neighborhood!).Please help me love you.  I do so desperately want to be in love.
4	I'll rate Cafe 509 somewhere between 3-1/2 and 4 stars.My husband and I ventured down here on Sunday morning to check it out.  We hadn't been here since they took over from Elena's.Everything about this place is modest.  It's a modest little place in a modest neighborhood with a modest menu.  In fact, there are no real surprises on the menu at all.  The breakfast menu is pancakes, french toast, and variations on egg dishes.  Breakfast sandwiches are $3.99 and breakfast plates are $4.99.  You can add coffee and a side for an additional 2 bucks.  So while the menu here is not as extensive as Eat-n-Park's, what they have is pretty good.  I did try the breakfast BLT on Croissant (which I admit was different and I do so loves me some BLT) which was quite good.  My husband tried the french toast with 2 eggs which looked really good.  As others have mentioned, the staff is friendly and the presentation is good.  They're open for breakfast & lunch only.Cafe 509 won't knock your socks off, but it's a nice change from Eat-n-Park or Denny's and it's certainly worth a visit.
2	The 509 Cafe no longer serves lunch or breakfast
