4	open late? check. close to home? check. beer? check. in and out in 5 minutes? check. ok I'm a fan.
1	The pharmacy is soooo slow!! Please hire more techs!
1	Other than a couple of the pharmacist who really try and care- the service here is awful.You can wait up to 20 minutes to pick up a perscription even if you the only one in line.They have lost my perscriptions countless times and show a general lack of concern.why management does not staff them correctly is beyond me.The growth in the area has been a major boom for all. Walgrens is one of the most expensive pharmacys in the valley- at least they could provide decent customer service.To the few techs that are good-and pleasant and try my hat is off to you
1	This review is direct to Walgreens customer service as it relates to help with photo projects.  The store staff  is EXCELLENT including Nicole, who has always been my 'go to gal' for photo projects.  Currently I am working on a complex issue and twice had to call customer service.  Both times I was given incorrect i formation by people who obviously know nothing about photo projects and answer general questions. I found the answer to both questions on my own thru trial and error.  Now, however, I have a question that should be easily answered by a tech person with the online photo staff but it is not possible to get hold of them. I have left two messages at  847-964-8352 and 847-914-2500 with no response.  I have wasted three weeks and hundreds of hours on this project which now I will need to take to Shutterfly or Costco and Walgreens has lost a previously loyal customer
5	I was contacted by someone in Walgreens Corporate office who supplied me the name and Phone number of their web photo specilist.  Jacob was wondetful and vety, very helpful.   Thank you Walgreens. Although it shoudn't have been so difficukt for me to get help with your photo web area, I am glad you responded to my need for help
1	This is the slowest pharmacy ever. And untrained techs. They do not know what they are doing.
