4	We had our 1st Quarter All-Hands meeting in the Smith Center (which was just lovely) then had a gorgeous happy hour in Symphony Park. I had never been to this area and was so pleasantly surprised to see such lush green beauty inside of this wonderful desert city. I loved the space, the gorgeous artwork and statues and how food trucks will pull up to provide you with delicious nourishment. :)
5	beautiful spot for a picnic.  They also have music playing and its a great well groomed space.  If the weather is right I can only imagine how much fun could be had here!  They do concerts here and it seems like a perfect spot for an outdoor concert.  Everything associated with the smith center always stuns me, and Symphony park is no different!
3	Came here for the 4th of July Philharmonic fireworks. While we loved the fireworks display, it happened 30-35 later than the advertised time. Too hot to be waiting outside. Hopefully they work out the kinks for next year's show.
5	SOOOO DARN PRETTY!!! I wish I lived closer to here to just walk, bring the nephew/niece or just take the dogs. I love Vegas and Vegas life but, lets be honest and say that all the casinos and Strip madness can get old and played out.Being here at Symphony Park makes me feel like I'm in LA or SF just enjoying the outdoors and culture of the city. Especially when it's next to the beautiful architecture of The Smith's Center. Ugh, I'm so in love with that building and it's Great Gatsby feel. The park alone is strewn with lite lightbulbs on lines that go from palm tree to palm tree and it's sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo profile picture worthy!Along with the various art lying across the grounds.Came here during sunset and it was perfect. No filter needed. Can't wait to have a picnic here!
5	Such a wonderful gem in the middle of downtown Vegas!  It's a beautiful park with bright sculptures and green grass.  I was visiting Vegas and staying downtown on Fremont Street.  Symphony Park was a great escape for a morning run destination.  If you live in Vegas, definitely check out this up and coming area.  It's so wonderful to see the city taking the resources to create pleasant little pockets of loveliness!
4	A real park in Downtown Vegas? Pretty much.Just imagine this is the east coast and you could be in Central Park. Just without the people! Great spot for photos too, with the green grass and unique art (that mutilcolored pipe thingy is pretty cool). Culture has arrived Downtown, surprise your visitors with a trip here and they will thank you.
