4	Stopped here yesterday for ceiling fans. I wanted to shop local and these guys are about the only game left in town. But don't think they rest on the laurels because of this. Definitely worth a visit.
1	Beyond horrible service.  Would have rated as negative stars if possible.  Selection of lights is decent but when coupled with hard-to-find, rude staff completely not worth your time or money.  Strongly suggest you go to another store
1	I' i process of doing the whole house remodel - 3 bedrooms/3 bath. My electrician suggested I go there to pick up all lights. He did mention that I need to set an appointment but I was on west side and decided to stop by to quickly look at bathroom fans/lights.There were only one other car on parking lot when I arrived. I walked in and found my way to kitchen/bathroom lights area. Spent there 10 min. No one came up to offer help. I wondered by their help desk(back of the store,not front), where I saw 3 people. One on a phone, one on a computer and one with a customer. No one even looked at me. No hello, no eye contact, like I was a ghost. I went back to the same department. Played for another 30 min. Turned all of their fans, all kitchen under/above cabinets lights. Found a stick that turns on recessed lights... One associate was walking around me with her customer and once again pretended I wasn't there. I was in the middle of isle and blocking her way so she pushed me with her body rather then say do you think we can go thru. It was hilarious.I left thinking I'm a ghost. Also took a picture of parking lot. Besides my car there were only one other. :)Since biz is so great for them then I'll go elsewhere even if it means homedepot
1	Stopped in to get help replacing a pendant and sconce that we had bought years ago.  The lady who helped me was not very helpful and seemed bothered to even give me minimum information.  I had a bad experience a year or so ago with customer service here but hoped they might have improved in this area...nope!
5	Looking to replace the chandelier over our dining room table - there were many selections. We liked one in particular but some of the lamps were a bit crooked. We asked about it and the man who helped us dove right in to make them straight, getting tools and making it right. We bought the fixture but when installing found it needed to be a foot longer with longer rods from the ceiling. We went back to the store and another person spent a half hour with us pulling spare parts from the back to make the light work for us. Very pleased with the nice service, and of course, our new chandelier.
1	This place is a joke.  I don't know who is so dumb that they pay these prices.  Even with a builder discount, you can do much better elsewhere.Their in store selections are pretty much limited to brown and bronze.  Stay at home.  Use the web.  Buy online at a lower price.  If you want to see a light in person, call first because they probably won't have it in the store.
