5	Excellent and you can bring your own wine.
5	Got the steak frites which was from the shoulder but much more tender and flavorful than filet. You get a full meal for the menu price; salad,  green beans,  and fries come with it. No alcohol on menu so plan ahead and bring your own. Classy atmosphere without breaking the bank.
4	Steak Frites is a steakhouse where you're encouraged to bring your own wine. The ambiance of the place is very nice and can be used for fancy get togethers with friends/family and even in a romantic setting.I warn you to not come here without a reservation because you'll be turned away from the door, it has happened to me... with most of the resto being empty. Reserving the same day requires you to call in and hope they call you back before your plans come into fruition. In my case, call them at noon and get a call back nearly at 4 for a 5:30 reservation. This can be very inconvenient unless you really plan ahead. Reserving online is an option as well, as long as you do it beforehand.Ordering is a little bit different as well, the online website has no menu per say, just pictures of various plates. When you're seated, they don't give you a menu that's just a simple table d'hote with a few options. Anything else, they encourage you to look at the various types of chalkboards in the resto (sometimes forced to leave your seat to actually read them...) to find something you want. The description is pretty bland with with the item and the price-tag beside it. For example "Steak Frites = $26" or "Ribs = $24". To find out what exactly it is you ask your waiter what it consists of and hope for the best.I went with their Steak Frites option which consisted of a few greens with a acceptable cut of meat (I believe it was frank steak) that I choose to be cooked medium-rare. The fries are free refills and are quite excellent! For the price, I would have liked the cut of meat to be a bit bigger, considering the price-tag. However, it was succulent and flavorful albeit cooked a little too raw for it to be perfection. The pepper side-sauce this meal came with wasn't for me.For dessert, I went with the creme brulee which was very good and a cappuccino which was very well prepared.The service was good and we weren't rushed while we ate.The price-tag for what I ate was quite high. While I truly enjoyed the fries and creme brulee, the main meal was only decent and I didn't feel that it was worth over $50 for a single person with no drinks other than the cappuccino. I feel their profit margins for their menu can be reduced to be far more competitive to other Steakhouses that are located very closely to this place.... but hey... that's just me.I'd recommend to try it out at least once.
