4	Great complex overall.  We lived there for close to three years and would have stayed if they hadn't hiked the rent up with a new management team.Very good location very close to freeways and although they do attract ASU students and there is an occasional party things were very peaceful and a pretty ideal clean community where we knew all of our neighbors, and most of the management knew us by name.Would have gotten five stars except a few issues to be aware of;If available get an upstairs unit.  Maybe our upstairs friends were just minotaurs but the ceilings don't seem well insulated and often we could hear their children getting rambunctious during the evening.  Never loud enough that it was too bothersome just slightly annoying after a while.In the three years we were there the hot tub seemed to only have worked for about 2 weeks.....in July.  Everything else was taken care of an fixed very quickly but maybe that was just their Achilles heel....we barely used it but still would have been super nice during the cold winter months.Overall this place is very good but priced slightly higher than some other comparable communities.....maybe its because of the proximity of the villagio, or maybe it is because they can get away with charging a bit more.... either way we were not unhappy paying that type of rent because everything was safe and issues got taken care of. There are better communities and there are much worse overall we wish we could have justified staying....wait for the good move in deals we ended up with a great one which made the price difference well worth it.
1	DO NOT lease from here. Sent me to collections before even coming to me about the issue. Received the large collections notice four months later and the day before my wedding. I sent multiple emails and never heard back from management after I moved out. BEWARE of scumbags
4	Overall, this place has been great. I am reluctantly moving after three years, simply because I cannot afford the rent any longer. I have been living in a 1bd on the 3rd floor and it is very quiet and nice - try to get a top floor if possible, because I'm sure the bottom floors have more noise. The grounds are clean, green, and the entire complex was recently freshly painted. The maintenance responds immediately to anything that needs to be repaired, and are friendly and wave hello when driving around in their carts. I haven't had any problems with management. Nice enough and helpful.  Now that the new Cubs Stadium and Riverview Park are across the street, I'm sure the rent will continue to go up, but I guess that is understandable.I felt pretty safe walking from my car to my apartment at night. Overall, a nice quiet place to live, but a bit more expensive than I hoped.
4	I have am on my third lease. I remember looking to rent here with an ex boyfriend and this was our dream place. I ended up later moving into a one bedroom by myself. I love the complex. Its quiet, clean, and safe. Though my friend left her car one night and it got broken in to because she has a radar detector in her window. Kinda a freak incident. Other then the stoners that live above and over from me I have no issues. I can hear occasionally the people above me walking but its normal for apt living. I recommend this complex to my friends.
