5	This is my favorite "hero" place of all time.  Some like Subway's better, but the combination of bread, with their trademark sweet peppers make this the place for me.  Try their Blimpie Best or Blimpie Super if you like cold cut subs, but their hot subs are just as good...  I go here at least twice a month for lunch...
3	The food is great but the couple who own the place are unhappy all the time and project that on to the customer.
4	It's a Blimpie.  What can you say?Well, for one thing, you can say that the meat is sliced fresh - unlike other places named for underground trains and whose meat was sliced and packaged in a factory somewhere.The staff is friendly, the place is clean and the food is good.  They have some good $5 specials now for either a footlong sandwich or a 6" sandwich meal.Get yo' Blimpie on!  Oh, and don't forget the sweet peppers.  Those bad boys rock!
3	Blimpie's makes a good sandwich.This was the first sub chain I ever ate in back when I was in college.  Then, it was either Blimpie or Subways.  I will not give in to temptation to list all the choices available today and within driving distance of this location, but obviously times have changed.I come here twice a month, usually when I have coupons which might tell you something.  The Blimpie's Best is their tastiest and includes: ham, salami, cappacola, prosciuttini, provolone along with veggies.  Other Blimpie subs are: Roast Beef and Provolone, Ham and Swiss, and The Club.  I've tried them all over the years, but continue to come back to their BB.Now the question you've been waiting for, are they better then Subways.  Well, at times yes.  Are they better then Jimmy Johns, Jersey Mile's, Capriotti's or Quiznos, etc.  No!
4	This is a solid location.  Restaurant was clean, service was good, and the sandwich was tasty.
1	Blimpies still exist? I was looking for something different from my usual work lunch stops so landed here. The place is kind of depressing (as are the owners), the ingredients for my veggie sub (I didn't trust the processed meat) were minimal and didn't look super fresh. The bread is very thick and takes away from what there is to enjoy of the sub. A poor man's Subway for sure, that will teach me to stray from the standards.
1	Not a great lunch. Yeah, they slice the meats, but they must be the poorest quality meat in all the land by the looks of the turkey that was being sliced for the overweight woman in front of me. They were also slapping fresh microwaved bacon on her sandwich and the young sandwich maker had trouble handling the stuff because it was nuked too much. Staying away from the crappy meats saved me a bunch of heartburn, but the safe veggie choice was equally a failure. I guess the zesty parmesan bread was good enough, but all the cheese was processed slices and the lettuce was wet and all the other veggies just didn't have any excitement. Not even "The Blimpie Way" of a an oil and vinegar bath helped. The dirty rag that was used to clean the prep area was also kind of unappetizing. Only positive factory was the price of 5 bucks for a 12 inch sub. Probably should have bailed, but hadn't been to a Blimpie in decades and now I won't ever feel the urge to go back again.
4	If you want the best BLT ever, come to Blimpie! The bacon is AMAZING...crispy, not chewy, and LOTS of it! I always get it on the parmesan bread...it's fantastic. I don't get other sandwiches there because the BLT is so darn good, but I've seen them make other kinds and they always slice the meats and cheeses fresh.This particular store is not the closest to my house, but I drive the extra couple of miles because the one on Tatum and Shea isn't dependable. This one on 64th and Greenway never opens late or closes early. They are quick, polite, and affordable. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is that frankly, I understand the opinions of the previous Yelpers about the owners' personalities. (Forgive me if I butcher the spellings, but Prasad and Sailu are the owners. They are Indian and they do have accents as such so you'll know if that's who you're talking to. At least one of them is there at all times. I have only ever seen 1 other person on shift at a time with them. Personally, I am always relieved when Sailu is working as she is much friendlier to me than her husband is and she has great customer service skills. She always remembers what I want...even down to asking if I'm going to get "regular mayo or chipotle mayo this time". I love it. It makes me feel like she really cares about her customers. I love that she wraps my foot long as 2-6 inch sandwiches. This makes it easy for me to eat half right away and save the other half for later if I wish. Prasad...well...I think maybe it's a cultural thing about women that causes him to come across as kind of unfriendly to me. My ex bf and I used to go in a lot and those two men got along famously...but I see a completely different side of  Prasad if I go in now on my own. He makes my sandwich well enough, but he doesn't really speak to me and it's slightly uncomfortable. I'll still go in either way though because the BLT is THAT good.PS: They have Pepsi products so I'm an even bigger fan. I don't normally get a soda, but if I do, I want it to be Pepsi. :)
