4	I like this place, especially to get some work done. Coffee is good enough, although the pastries were definitely nothing special - my indicators were a croissant (not flakey) and a scone (kinda dry). Also, they're kinda slow in the morning if you're grabbing something on the way to the bus, despite there being no line -- their employees might want to drink some more coffee in the am =)But if you want to get some work done and you've got a laptop, it's great - nice big place and employees who could care less if you're hanging out. In this respect, the only downside is that it's kinda dark inside - lots of grey decor for some reason, but hey, that makes me feel like I'm in the office or something. Plus, they have real chairs, which makes it more comfortable to hang out. All in all, if I want a cup of "the best" coffee and/or an awesome pastry, I'd go somewhere else, but space-wise, this is a much better space to study or do some work. Wifi too I think, but haven't tested it myself.(Oh, but -2 for the company's stupid, slow to load flash website.)
2	Bleh! I only come here to get out the house when I want to use the computer. The internet speed is pretty fast and the ambiance is nice.The morning server has yet to even smile at me, and has said as little as possible every time I come here. I've seen her be friendly with other customers.I don't drink coffee so I order tea. I've tested 4 different teas and it just does not steep well. I'm better off ordering hot water.The small selection of food that they do sell does not appease my eyes or taste buds. I just wish they sold fruit too like apples and bananas, how hard is that?If I could walk to a Starbucks, I would go there instead.
2	Dear Crazy Mocha: this is a Dear John letter.Enough! with the attitude. Over the course of four years of visiting this particular shop, I feel pretty confident that the likelihood of being hired to work here is strongly correlated to how poorly suited you are for customer service. Curly haired lady, you totally confirmed my suspicions. Your coffee is good, and your iced-tea is very good. Oh, and chai! Lovely. But that's not enough. And, CM, now that you're not the only kid on the block coffee-shop-wise, I don't have to suck it up and deal with it anymore. So. I'm breaking up with you. Love,Jess
4	Pretty good coffee spot! Amazing biscotti's !! Everything is fresh and ambiance is relaxing !
2	The coffee is ok. The space is cozy and interesting. They have a nice patio to sip on coffee and chat on nice days. I wish today was a nice day, I can't stand the cherry chapstick signature stench of Crazy Mochas. I thought it was an issue of the Shadyside store and one that's masked better in Bloomfield. In Lawrenceville it's 10X more potent. Ken, no one wants to drink their coffee in a place that smells like a restroom. Time to switch air fresheners.
5	I love the atmosphere of this place. Colorful walls, friendly service, free internet. They are a great local coffee shop to support. I encourage anyone to try them out.
4	Great coffee. Sybil makes it perfect every morning. Can't eat a lot of the food there but there is a deli is next door. You can eat your sandwich in this crazy mocha and get a good coffee.
1	So no ice for iced beverages. I asked for a blackberry vanilla iced latte, as I have ordered in other crazy mochas and various coffee shops that carry Monin syrups .  She stared at me as if I had 2 heads and indignantly stated that there's no such thing as blackberry syrup.  I stated that this mystery syrup does indeed exist, and she then tossed the syrup menu at me and said "oh, well different shops have different syrups"My husband also ordered almond syrup and he received caramel.  Crazy Mocha's identity in Pittsburgh is average coffee with consistently poor service from hipsters that could care less that you're there.
