4	I might rate higher or lower had I completed their process. I visited Charlotte with the purpose of finding a house to rent in the $800/month range. MECA had a few quality properties in this range. Their office was very clean and had a customer computer room where I could browse all of their possibilities before heading out to view them. They were well staffed and knowledgeable, eager to help. In the end they didn't have an ideal property available, but I will look their again next year when I consider moving from the house that I did find.
1	I called a couple of weeks ago to inquired on a rental property that they had listed. The direct selection when you call just kept replaying the same automated message. So I finally press a different option and got a hold of someone. When I talk to that person about the rental property she told me that before I can go take a look at the rental property I must first apply online and pay the application fee; which is non-refundable btw.. I verify with her a few times in clear English "So I need to pay for an application fee on a property that I have not even seen yet; that I don't even know if I want to rent before I can see the property?" And she said yes with no hesitation. On their site it states that you would pay $20 and can look up to three properties and then get the money back, but the representative had a different story and honestly I've never heard of anyone who would be stupid enough to pay a non-refundable application fee to go look at a property they don't even know they are going to rent.It is sad how money hungry some of these property management places can be!
1	These people are ridiculous. They have several rental properties listed on zillow and hotpads but when I call to ask about it nobody answers or calls me back. I will then email the Property Manager asking about the property and he responds a week later and then tells me the property has been rented. Do not rent through this company, if I can't get ahold of anyone to inquire about a house why would i rent through them?
1	We tried renting a condo through MECA and despite all of OUR efforts, we opted not to work with MECA.  Every single staff member we spoke to seemed peeved we were interrupting their day.  Sorry, do people normally just hand you over $20,000/yr without having a few questions answered first??  The man who supposedly "handled" our account wanted nothing to do with us.We had already paid a $100.00 application fee for the two of us, $50/each, only to find out that they would only name ONE person on the lease.  So, please tell me, MECA, why did we both have to pay an application fee?  Nickel & Dime, Nickel & Dime..This is one shady crew, alright.  And I don't have a better management company to even offer you.  So far, they've all been dreadful.  MECA was our first impression of Charlotte.  Don't let them ruin this town for you, too.
