2	One of my biggest pet peeves is stupidity - and fewer things frequently showcase the talent of stupidity better than a drive thru window. The only thing I can combat stupidity with is being a smart ass. The menu board indicates #8 to be a "Jumbo Jack with Cheese"...I approached the speaker box and ordered a number 8. The voice returns "Do you want cheese on that?"...I replied "would I like cheese on my jumbo jack with cheese? Yes, I think I will enjoy cheese on my jumbo jack with cheese tonight..."Trying to order the number with lettuce, tomatoe and pickle only proved challening as the voice kept interrupting with what size? what to drink? Fries?...before I could give the specifics. Despite the challenges, the food arrived accurrately and I don't think they did anything unusual to it in the back...
3	Suggestion.  Rather than being a smart ass, why not try being nice and help them do a better job.  These people usually work for minimum wage and not a little training.  Do you want cheese on that.  You could help train them by saying, I think that comes with cheese, doesn't it?  You'd help train them not to make the mistake again?  I think these people need all the help they can get.
4	I hate JITB, but my wife loves it, so we go often. Always fast service here, never have had an issue. The mini cookies are fantastic, but watch your fingers. They come out hot, leaving you with chocolate covered fingertips touching your steering wheel.
3	Well since this was my first and only Jack in the Box experience, I don't have a lot to compare this visit to but I enjoyed JITB. The food was decent for what it was but the best part about this place was the service. There was a woman there that was so nice and helpful. She was nice and proided suggestions when we were ordering. Then she worked hard to clean the tables as people left.
4	As in all of my fast food reviews - I can not give 5 stars to fst food chain.Haven't been to this restaurant in a long time due to very slow service, luke warm food, and bad attitude from the work staff . . . but I thought I would give it anouther try today . . . and guess what something changed.With that said, todays quick breakfast on the go was very nice.  The order at the drive through was taken promptly, and I was greeted with a smile at the window . . . after a short wait my food arrived hot and fresh.Extreme Sausage Sandwich . . . Hot and TastyHash Browns . . . Hot and CrispyNeedless to say . . . for what ever reason . . . This Jack in the Box has stepped up it's game . . . at least for breakfast.
1	Well if you like a burger with too much mayonnaise and ketchup you have found the right Jack In The Box.  They also make the Oreo shake without a cherry. Have had better experiences at all other Jack In The Box restaurants in the past.
