3	Supporting our neighborhood pizza joints, the BF and I grabbed a slice or two at Tri-State Pizza.  We each ordered a slice of cheese pizza ($1.75) with sausage topping (50 cents per topping).  To complete our order, we had the Sampler ($7.95), which included mozzarella sticks, zucchini sticks, and chicken wings.  Fountain sodas ($1.25/each) completed our quick bite.  Our slices came out pretty quickly.  I liked the thin crust they have here, but they use a different kind of sausage.  It's the kind that's cut from a roll rather than broken off with your hands in chunks like other pizza places.  But the thin crust was definitely enjoyable.Our sampler was a lot bigger than we expected.  We were surprised with the amount of our order and had to take the rest home.Overall, our pizza was good.  It wasn't fabulous or anything, but I was pleasantly surprised with it all.  They also serve up Sicilian-style pizza, baked ziti pies, various appetizers like fried raviolis and garlic knots, salads, subs, calzones, strombolis, chicken parmesan, and desserts.
5	Tri-State Pizza has the greatest food ever!  This pizzeria stays close to its name and brings great pizza, just like back in Philly! The owners are from Jersey/Philly so they know what they are doing! This is the closest we found in Vegas to true Philadelphia pizza--nice doughy thin crust (but not crunchy or too thin) and great sauce (it's all in the water). In fact, I usually like topings on my pizza, but this plain pizza is so delicious that it's all we ever get. Their eggplant parm dish is out of the world as well as are their salads and their wings hold their own as well. But, Pizza is what you need to come here for! Shun pizza chains, support some good ol' pizza places! This one is the best in Vegas. Want to taste true Philly pizza? Come to this place. We love Tri-State Pizza so much we order at least once a week from them. Great service and super quick delivery too! Highly Recommended.
3	This place was totally decent. Nothing mind-blowing but good. Had a cheese pizza with side Caesar salad which was good. Garlic bread was ok, probably wouldn't order it again. It would be great if they had a menu online.
4	Used to be known as Tri-State Pizza but now FAMILIA PIZZERIA.  They have all of the usual Italian dishes of pastas, hot and cold subs, but seem to focus on their pies.  As some of you may know, I'm from the outskirts of Philly and feel I know when a pizza shop makes good pie.  So, when I go to a mom & pop pizza shop, the way I judge their pies is by tasting either a plain cheese or pepperoni pie.  Familia Pizzeria makes a good (North) East Coast pie.  I had their large  (18") plain pie for $13.96 (including tax).  The ratio of cheese/sauce was perfect.  To describe the sauce, it wasn't chunky (marinara style), nor was it runny (sauce from a can) but, it had the traditional herbs with good taste and texture.  Each slice was foldable and thin.  I would've given this place five stars had there been more grease on top of the pie and if the bottom of the crust was less brown (a bit too crispy) but, this place certainly beats Metro Pizza.  Metro is good but not as authentic.  Perhaps the owners have lived in Vegas too long that they forget what pie should taste/be like?I called my order in for carryout.  My pie was ready when I got there with NO wait.  I added a two liter bottle of coke ($2.75 + tax).  The ambiance was what you would expect of a small pizza shop.  As you walk in, there's a small display of pies available by the slice.  They did look a bit old but I got there at 4:15pm--way after the lunch rush and a little too early for the dinner crowd.  It had about six tables which were clean and decorated with red/white plaid table cloths.  At the register, there was a white board with daily specials.  Today (Wednesday), one of the specials was Italian Wedding Soup--that's the only thing I can remember.  Of course, there's a Coca-Cola refrigerator with two liter bottles, 12 oz. bottles, and bottles of Yoo Hoo.  Beside it, there's a self serve Coca-Cola soda fountain.  The fountain is a big "PLUS" in my book because sometimes I like to mix sodas to get unique flavors.  For instance, did you ever notice at SUBWAYS they always have self serve fountains...well, try mixing half Minute Maid Lemonade with half Nestea Raspberry Iced Tea...WOW, it'll be the bomb'est Arnold Palmer you'll ever have!!!!!!!!  Okay, back to Famila Pizzeria...it's in a strip mall on the far left.  Depending on what direction you are coming from on Durango, it's kind of hard to see because it sits almost directly behind Bomas Bar & Grill.  And when you do drive there, the roadside sign doesn't say Familia Pizzeria OR Tri-State, it just says PIZZA (or maybe PIZZERIA).Hours:Monday-Thursday 11am-10pmFriday-Saturday     11am-11pmSunday                    11am-9pmFamilia Pizzeria does do delivery so you don't have to do DiGiorno tonight.
3	[Note: As other Yelpers have mentioned sign says FAMILIA PIZZA AND SUBS out front, NOT Tri-State.)Solid.  If this place were in New York, it would be the best pizza in the neighborhood in most neighborhoods. Went with cheese pie and it hit the spot.  Good crust, not brick oven but lighter and with a little chew.  Cheese ok.   The pizza sauce was very good and fresh.  Solid pizza but not mind-blowing.  Also ordered 6 garlic knots.  I've never seen them literally covered in minced garlic.  Seriously I thought it was a heavy layer of grated parmesan cheese.  Nope.  Delicious raw garlic and olive oil which is great if you're a garlic-head like me but if not, be warned.  Surplus garlicy olive oil got poured on the pizza.  Oh and also the knots come with a good-sized side of marinara (and there was extra of that for dumping on pizza too!)Finally, surprise-surprise, the canolli's were great.   I really didn't expect much as even in at a good pizza place in NY the canollis are 50/50 at best.  But here the shell was crisp, crunchy, and almost light.  Instead of delivery I picked it up after reading yelper warnings about possible long wait, but next time I'll prob have it delivered.Haven't priced out pizza in a while but was like $20 for pizza, 6 knots, and canolli.
