5	Third location for Empire pizza! Still the same great hand-tossed pizza, excellent wings, fresh pasta dishes, and HOT sandwiches like phillys, Reubens, NY pastrami, Italian subs, Gyros, Tuna melts. Great place for family outings! Kids eat free on Mondays. If you are kid-free, there are daily drink specials, $1 drafts on Wednesdays. Happy Hour features 50 cent wings, $5.95 10-inch one topping pizzas, and house drink specials. They have the NFL package so every game is always on!Trivia on Monday nights, Karaoke during the week, also.-- just check Facebook for weekly events.And..... they deliver! :)
4	The original Empire (formerly Empire State) Pizza in Rock Hill served consistent, decent pizza and other food.  The pie is on par with other NY style places in the area.  The wings are always big and hot.  I was glad to see they opened a location in Fort Mill as every other pizza place I've tried in the township sent me back to ordering from franchises which is pretty sad.  I picked up a pizza and wings one day on the way home from work.  The places is large, open, and clean.  The pickup area is at the back of the restaurant so you have to wade through the dining area to pay for and get your food which is a little weird.  The food is consistent with their original location.  The pizza is better than average and the wings are very good.  This is also the only restaurant in Fort Mill that stays open and serves a full menu until 2:30 am.  They are also the only non-chain pizza place that delivers.  It is a nice addition to the area and they are doing some things right.  They also have a few decent craft beers on tap at that bar.
4	Pizza was great and I love the atmosphere inside the bar area. Fun place to come for lunch after church too.
5	Great pizza every time we go. Descent priced lunch specials are also available. Service can be hit and miss at times, but generally we are never dissapointed.
4	Overall a pleasant experience. Atmosphere was nice, beer selection (and happy hour specials) were good but the pizza was just fair. Crust was kind of bland and there was very little cheese on our cheese-only pizza and very little sauce. They definitely skimped out on ingredients. The taste was ok but because the ingredients lacked, all you could taste was the not-so-good dough. The was service was also very good and the pizza arrived quickly. Overall a good place but if you want better pizza, try Danny's.
4	Good pizza, great atmosphere and tasty wings.  Beer selection is good, and wait staff is usually attentive.  Pasta dishes are good, as well as calzones.  A good addition to Fort Mill.I'd prefer the pizza cooked on the deck of the oven rather than a screen - it doesn't get quite as crisp as I like, but otherwise I have no complaints.
5	Good place to watch a ball game. Big TV's everywhere. Cheap beer and good food. Pizza by the slice good wings. America is great.
5	This is a great place to bring the family. I must admit they do have the best wings around. the pizza was fresh and top notch. And don't forget to finish the meal with a cannoli
5	Oh how my family loves Empire Pizza!  My born-in-NYC husband has been dying for good pizza in the Fort Mill area for the past seven years, and when we finally discovered the new Empire Pizza in Fort Mill, he declared it good!  When the kids want pizza, this is what they ask for.We've been several times over the past few months and each time we order a different kind of pizza - we have yet to be disappointed.  They are all amazingly good.  The last time I went, with my son, I opted to get a sandwich instead, and it was just as good as the pizzas are.  We have tried most of the appetizers (the onion rings are awesome and their pita chips with dip are excellent).  The only thing that we felt was so-so was the zeppoli dessert.  I thought it was good, but my husband didn't think they were as good as "real" NYC zeppolis.  I think he's just a food snob. *lol*We love playing the TV trivia whenever we go, and there are TVs aplenty to watch the games.  The atmosphere is great.  Service staff are diligent if not overly friendly (which we don't mind - when a place is that busy all the time, the staff doesn't have time for chit-chat).All in all, the best pizza joint in Fort Mill!
5	Fantastic pizza and the non-pizza items like the burgers and wigs are just as good. Great place to go to if you get tired of the typical fast food pizza. Will definitely be going back again soon!
5	Pizza is very good! It's hard to find a good pizza in this area but this place does not disappoint one bit. I can't speak for anything else because i have only had pizza from here, i'm sure it's probably good as well
4	I almost had a bad experience here.  Back in December I called to make sure they accepted the coupons from the Citipass books which we sell for fundraising.  I wanted to make sure because this location opened after the books were published and as such was not listed on the coupon.  They informed me that they did accept the coupons and I had no issues.Fast forward two months.  I call and placed an order intending to use the other coupon in the book (most businesses have two in there). I get there and they inform me that they don't accept the coupon.  After making a stink due to the inconsistency (I would have been fine had they told me the first time they don't take them), the manager accepted it.  It may have been because the additional pizza was already made, but he gave it to me and apologized.  I would have been on here writing a one star review if he had not, so he was smart in that regard.Anyway, I have since returned and ordered the "Siciilan" deep dish pizza (fwiw, pizza in Sicily is not this style; I have a good friend who was born and spent most of here life there) and it was very good.
1	Food just terrible.  Pizza dough had no flavor. Salad was just iceberg lettuce and tasteless dressing. Just horrible. Long wait and crowd on Friday night. Even went so far as to tell some friends I saw standing in line to go home and order dominos.
1	Been here several times, kids love the pizza, but the service is HORRIBLE. On our last visit we waited 20 mins to be greeted...with 2 small kids and weren't given any kid menus or crayons. Gave server drink and food order all at once thinking it would speed things up...NOT. From when we walked in the door it was 45 mins before our 8" kid pizza and 2 side salads with grilled chicken came?!??? Ridiculous, I've been a server for many years, been swamped, but to not apologize or send a manager or discount is a horrible way to get repeat business and customer recommendations as a newer restaurant. Would rather get dominos in half the time and price.
1	Another HORRIBLE experience...after a long week it was pizza Friday (supposed to be followed by a !! but tonight is was :(  ) Instead we were delivered the wrong pizza. Called to let them know they got it wrong, but couldn't wait another hour for delivery for our children's pizza...their response "well what do you want me to do about it?" Really?!?!?! 1) I want the managers to know how bad they are screwing up, 2) someone to take responsibility for the screw up and 3) do something about it to make the customer feel reassured that the next time (there won't be a next time for us) will definitely be a better experience. Sorry guys, but been in the industry (even pizza) and this is unacceptable...no more business from us and DEFINITELY no recommendations to friends...hard to gain business if you treat customers (especially repeat ones) as badly as you have.
3	I've eaten here several times......and lately I have had bad experiences with the wings. The last 2 times I called in my orders and the wings were hairy all over. I mean, how could you serve that! There is absolutely no care for your customers to serve chicken like that. The pizza is usually good...but there is always a long wait to get just a slice.......I hope things improve fast. I will give them another chance. ..
3	Solid pizza place - bar seating on one side and restaurant seating on the other. TVs all around the place show sports, news, and trivia. The fella and I visited early on a Sunday evening for dinner, and service was spot on. Unfortunately, they couldn't show us a draft or bottle beer list, so we sorta had to wing our choice.We started with the pepperoni rolls, which were better than I expected. Then we moved onto spliting a 10" Maui pizza (which was 6 slices) with bacon, ham, and pineapple. Somehow the marinara sauce that came with the pepperoni rolls tasted a lot better to me than the sauce on the pizza, which sorted tasted like tomato sauce out of a can, but even just okay pizza is pretty good.
2	Pizza was ok but not hot, slow and unfriendly service with an attitude... Hostess looked like she was miserable. Won't go back.
5	update:I would go here for the ranch dressing alone
3	I'm back and forth on if I like this place or not.  I think I will settle on, if you are looking for sublime pizza, it's not the place.  However, if you are looking for good pizza and good deals in the Fort Mill, SC area, then this is a great destination.
4	Call a head for quick pick up. $1 draft beer on Wednesday.Look on the website for coupons. We ordered the 18" monster Pizza with one topping and 12 wings for $18.95. It was plenty to feed 2 hungry kids and 2 hungry adults. I was able to order half the wings naked and half with Hot Buffalo sauce and extra crispy. The Hot is not super hot and has good flavor. The naked wings are perfect for the kids and got eaten up before the pizza. Love the fact they actually came extra crispy!! Pizza was huge and had tons of black olives and cheese. This is our 3rd time doing take out and we will be back for more.
3	Pizza is okay. I much prefer the plain cheese over their other options. Salads and salad dressings are very good. On three spaced-apart visits, service has been mediocre at best. We even had to send our pizza back on one occasion because it was completely wrong. Lunch visit and just ordering by the slice was impossibly slow!
3	We liked the general vibe and the food at this place .We tried a couple of the burgers and also the raviolis they were both good ..we also had some wings ..will try there pizza next time !!
1	Every time I come here they change the channel without regard to who's watching what......clueless
5	Awesome!  I was here early in the week for a meetup group event and had a calzone.  It was easily the best one I've ever had anywhere.  The service was pretty good too.  They have good business here but it's still easy to get in and out.I went back last night to have a pizza.. it was equally as good and now I'm in love.  I don't live near here but will certainly make an effort to stop by when I'm in Fort Mill visiting family.
4	Been several dozen times since they opened and finally reviewing.  It's a good sports bar and pizza place.  Prices are very good and their happy hour specials are great.  Generally the food is quite good for the money.  I like their wings and sandwiches, only had a few of the pasta dishes and enjoyed.  Their marinara sauce is very good and a big fan of their calzones.  Service is usually pretty quick, can get busy on Friday and Saturday nights and, so you can expect to wait a little bit.My only complaint is that the small pizzas have a much thicker crust than the the medium or large.  I'm prefer a thin crust.
1	We had a coupon from a moving-in mailer for a free one topping  16" pizza. Fine print read not valid on weekends. They would not honor this coupon on a FRIDAY night. They said the owners consider it a weekend. Needless to say, this restaurant will never earn our business and I will ensure others know about this negative experience.
4	Excellent pizza!  We used to visit the one in Rock Hill every once in a while but since this one opened up we have loved having it right across the street!  They are always busy and the bar is a fun place to hang out.  This is definitely the go to spot in Fort Mill for pizza.
