3	This Subway is located in a food court near the Imperial Palace Hotel. Once in a while in Vegas, you are just craving something "healthy." Luckily, you can grab a healthy-ish sandwich at Subway and eat it by the pool at the Imperial Palace that you would not dare to enter because of the layer of grease along the top... your sando and diet coke can provide good refreshment though!
2	This food court is actually inside the Casino Royale.  2 stars only because it's your standard Subway but you have to pay almost 3x as much to get the same thing.  I guess that's what happens in Vegas.  But still.
1	Worst Subway ever! Came here for breakfast and had an egg & cheese omelet in a 6" flatbread = $6. the price aside, it took 15 minutes to make, the egg was undercooked, I didn't get a chance to ask for any veggies in it or even salt & pepper! My wife got the same and boldly asked for veggies which the sandwich assembler reluctantly threw in (literally 1 slice tomato and 2 shreds of lettuce) and charged her extra for them!This franchise should be held to better standards!
3	This subway is located in the very back of the Casino Royale Hotel on the strip. We wanted to try something a little healthy but quick while in Vegas so we decided on this Subway since it was next to our hotel. Two footlongs cost $10 a piece but they were good. Quick service nice staff !
3	This is your typical Subway.  However, its inside Casino Royale as part of their food court.  As a result, it costs about twice as much as a normal subway.Outside of the cost and the hours, 24/7, it is your normal Subway.  I was watching what I ate when I was last in Vegas for work and actually ate here four times.  Every time was solid.
1	Horrible service. Her name is Jamie. Very very rude. Asked for a cup of water which made her mad ! She said I have to buy a empty cup for $3 !!! Truly what she was thinking ??? Never has this rude subway employee. Management should do something about it. But I guess you have to judge other reviews as well.
1	Ordered an egg & omelet foot-long, right on the menu. Couldn't make it, she said....only during breakfast hours. I pointed out it is on their all-day menu, as in every Subway on earth. She summoned the manager, who agreed with the help. I pointed it out on the all-day menu, in bold letters. She turned and stared the menu for a full minute.. That was a long wait. Finally she turned and  explained it's not a foot-long, bur only an omelet...no bread. This was the manager! I should've called her bluff & asked to go ahead and make me an omelet....I'm sure it would have been comical. Instead I told her to forget it, and got myself something at the Chipotle Grill nearby. I think this Subway has a training problem!.
2	ConsExpensive by 33%, untrained& rude workers, and no water cups available. You have to buy water bottle.ProsBig dining area.Slot machines very near.
