1	As a former manager for Big O Tires and a faithful customer since leaving the company I hate to write a bad review, but I am left no choice. The company in general and this location in particular have completely gone away from the fast service and customer care that at one time made them the dominant force in the Vegas tire business.   I went into the West Charleston location two days ago to get a flat repair on one of my Big O brand tires. I arrived early as I know later in the day they get fairly busy. When I arrived there was one vehicle being worked on and nobody else waiting in the showroom. My problems started when the guy inside began to search for me in the computer system. He found me in the system but couldn't find my vehicle. He then began to question me as if I hadn't purchased the tires. I informed him that this set had been purchased in St. George and I would gladly produce the receipt if he wanted. He declined and wrote the invoice up. Let me stop for one second and explain that it was always company policy to repair any Big O brand tire free. We never asked for paperwork because we saw it as a chance to inspect vehicles for bad tires, shocks, brakes, etc. If you're going to question if I made the purchase and then tell me you don't need to see my paperwork why bother asking in the first place?   The next rub came when I was asked if they could do an alignment inspection on my truck. I declined because I didn't feel like sitting in a tire store for an extra hour. I then had to initial a paper saying that I declined this inspection as if I was obligated to have my vehicle inspected merely because I was doing business with Big O. My work order was taken to the service bay and now my wait began.  The truck that was being worked on when I arrived remained on the alignment rack for about 20 minutes after my work order was written and my truck didn't move. The rest of the bays were empty, but for some reason my truck wasn't being worked on. When the other vehicle was pulled out and that customer was gone my truck sat outside for another 15-20 minutes. I overheard a conversation between the sales person and the tire buster that lead me to believe the invoice had been overlooked by the service people and it was finally pulled in. And guess where it was pulled in to? You guessed it, the alignment rack. I was getting an inspection whether I wanted it or not. At this point I was going on an hour wait at a store with absolutely no other customers.   I now watched through the window and saw the inspection that I asked not to be done being done. I do most of my own maintenance and know my vehicle well. Big O has never been a rip-off joint so I wasn't worried about some crazy estimate for work, but my patience was more than growing thin at the wait I was enduring.   After roughly an hour and forty five minutes my truck was pulled out of the bay. The sales person informed me that I would be due for a couple new tires soon (true), had me sign another paper saying I declined the inspection and abruptly walked away. The tire buster gave me my keys and I was finally on my way.   Big O Tires used to take pride in their Express Lane Service which meant that when a car hit the bay for tire service it was in and out in 5 minutes or less, even when getting a set of 4 tires. No customer ever waited for any tire service for more than an hour no matter how long the line and we kept our promise. We also prided ourselves on friendly no-hassle customer service. I guess those days are gone. In the years since I left Big O Tires as a very successful store manager I have referred a countless number of people to them for tires and service. Unfortunately I can no longer refer people I know to this company and I truly think I am riding on my last set of Big O's. I can get bad service anywhere and spend less money getting it.
3	Soon after my initial review of Big O tires on West Charleston I received a call from John, the store manager. He was apologetic for the incident that had occurred during my visit earlier that week and assured me that if I had any future issues with service at his store he would gladly take care of it. When I asked about some of the specific issues from my visit such as my truck being put on the alignment rack when I asked that it not be checked, he had answers that were satisfactory in my eyes. I told John that because he took the time to call me that I would return to his store and give them another opportunity to earn my business. I don't anticipate any tire problems in the near future, but when I do go back to Big O I'll let you all know how it goes.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE I just went in to get an oil change and I also purchased 2 tires which my back tires needed to be replaced, when both services were rendered, I paid and drove off. While I was driving up Charleston I heard this huge pop and my car skidded to the right luckily avoiding crashing in the car to my right. I pulled in a parking lot and to my dismay the back new right tire which was just replaced by Big O Tires was completely loose and wobbling. I was able to drive back with a wobbling wheel to Big O Tires where Phil Lampkin the service manager did not care at all about what had happened. It is an absolute lack of skill and disregard that these mechanics did not properly bolt and secure my tire. Are these people even skilled mechanics???? What happened is soooo bad that they are putting people at risk, they should be ashamed, I did not even get an apology from Phil Lampkin and his team. NEVER EVER go to Big O Tires  TERRIBLE COMPANY
4	I unfortunately pulled out a nail out of my front tire and it started to leak,, ooh no, had to get the flat fixed.. Drove by Discount Tire, but it is Sunday and they were closed. Headed over to Big O Tires on Charleston, mine you I prefer the one in Henderson (on Boulder HWY).. No problem, fixed within 1/2 hr and for free, what did I hear you correct.. yes my car is in the computer system and yes I am a customer, but not at this one in Las Vegas?? You rock, got me back on the road and the staff was great...
5	Wow, just got my car back after having an alignment done, and could not believe how courteous Gerry (the store manager) was.  Also very professional.  With the warranty I got, I can go back any time within a year to have the alignment done any time or as many times as I want.  Great prices too.  This will have to be my new go-to spot from now on.
1	Without being over the top here, I have a feeling the corporate culture of this company is corrupt. What they tell you and when they tell you appears to be dictated by what they can make, not what you need. I am not much of a review poster, but between my own experience, friends experience, and people I know who have worked there.......stay away!!!No, seriously, doing business with these people might just be taking your life for granted.  My experience is related to tire and alignment issues. Over the course of 10 months and over the course of 3 weeks, the story, the recommendations and the warranty changed like the wind. At Your Own Risk!!!   Not even sure they perform the services you contract for while sitting in the waiting Area.  Bad news. Again, at your own risk.
1	Went in for a flat tire. It couldn't be repaired, so I had to get a new tire. No big deal there. I didn't check the damage to the tire, but after the rest of my trip, I really wish I had done so to verify that they didn't slice it open just to sell me a new tire! However, I had a slightly leaky Oil Seal on my right rear axle. It had let some differential oil seep out into the brakes and had coated them. They quoted $150 labor to replace it (not bad, but wait, there's more!) and over $90 for the parts they listed as "Inner Grease Seal" and "Outer Grease Seal". First, there is NO SUCH THING AS AN INNER GREASE SEAL ON AN XTERRA. It's an Oil Seal.Second, there is NO SUCH THING AS AN OUTER GREASE SEAL ON AN XTERRA. It's the Bearing Grease Seal. Third, there was nothing wrong with the Bearing Grease Seal. A leaking Oil Seal does not necessitate replacing both of them. Two different beasts.They found a few drips under the Water Pump. The total quote to replace everything including the water pump, rear brakes, and the mythical inner and outer grease seals was over $1,200. Here's the part that confirmed my suspicions that these guys are as crooked as the Snake River: The "Service Advisor" told me over the phone that the differential oil was very low, but he would cover the the cost of replacing it during the service.  When I got back to the shop, I spoke with the technician who was doing the actual work. HE HAD NOT YET CHECKED THE DIFFERENTIAL. "Sure, I can check it for you." He put the wrench to it, opened it, breaking away the caked on dirt, and said "Yeah, you're good. We don't need to add anything. If you're not low, then you have a very slow leak. I'd be more concerned about the water pump." I will put this very simply: the Service Advisor is a lying jackass.There is no other explanation. There wasn't another vehicle in the shop for which he could have confused the "magical" information about the gear oil being low.  By the way, the actual cost of mythical "Inner Grease Seal" was $9.98 from Desert Nissan. Less than $10 from a dealership, but they were going to mark it up to almost $50!I really, really, really wish I had stayed with the car to see the damage caused to the tire because after the attempted scamming, I wouldn't put it past them to have created the damage to the tire just to sell me a new one.
5	Well deserved 5 Star rating. I've been getting excellent service from crew at this shop for years now. Mostly quick tire replacements. They saved my day numerous times with their fast and quality work. Every time used them I was provided with superior service. Highly recommending.
5	I went in for a oil change and was pleasantly surprised with a great customer service!  I did not have good experiences with the other location but this location on Buffalo/Charleston is awesome.  Definitely go back there again!!
5	When you have to spend $700 on your car, wait a bit for it to be fixed, you want to be in good company. I was very entertained with the guys here at this location. I used to go up the street towards red rock to their Sahara location, but stopped going after issues with forgetting what I asked for in services, but always EXCEPTIONAL customer service, so I didn't want to rag on them too hard. So I came here and 3 of the employees from this location moved here. So happy. They recognized me, got me in fast, remembered by mom who also visited the other location. I will continue coming here based on that fact alone. But they also called for an extended credit line for me, and gave me coffee and chocolate treats while waiting. Jay was great at helping me with coupons online and Miguel and Justin showed me exactly what was wrong underneath my car! I can trust them, when they are clearly showing me what needs repair underneath my car with a flashlight. What service. Glad I came to this location and tried Big O Tires again. THANKS GUYS-- I'll be back for sure.
