5	This place always has great fresh Tex-Mex! It even beats the fancy sit down upper end type restaurants hands down. Every meal I have ever had there has always been identical to any other location.I can not recommend them highly enough and commend Baja' Fresh for their well run franchise type restaurant.
2	Went there for lunch today. This is my second time visiting and the second time my order was messed up. I had ordered a chicken ceaser salad burrito. It was my mistake I guess, from what I remember a ceaser salad doesn't have tomatoes in it. Well it does here. I don't like tomatoes. Love ketchup but not regular tomatoes soggin up my meal. I had them make another burrito. The menu clearly states what's in a ceaser salad, and tomato is not one of the ingredients. The replacement burrito tastes slightly better than the first but not by much. Maybe they had a surplus of tomatoes and were trying to get rid of em I don't know. Should've went to Costa Vida but as we all know they are almost always crowded. Ugh F me and my burrito cravings.
2	Went there for an early dinner today.  I had a baja steak burrito and my daughter had steak nachos, along with two diet cokes.  My burrito was ok.  Megan's nachos were ok.  Neither one was anything special.   The salsa bar was a mess.  They say there are no tomatoes, so all the salsa they had was the green stuff and something else that was black and didn't taste very good.  There were no limes in the salsa bar, and I love limes, so told them.  I was almost done with my meal by the time they finally got them out.  Garbage was completely full, almost spilled stuff on the ground when I was trying to put my stuff away.  Tables were a mess.  But the employees had time to play grabass in the back.  I had a groupon, so got a good deal.  I won't be going back.  I like Fili Bs much better.
5	The best food and service ever at baja fresh. Big thanks to our server Mousa! He did a fantastic job. We will come back because of him.
5	Fresh ingredients, no lard, no freezers, no MSG. Clean store with an enthusiastic staff. Calorie counts on menu boards detours me from eating more fresh fair.Great inviting energy from Store Manager Rami. There seems to be a lot of regulars here. We will definitely come back.
4	One of the few chains I can get behind.  Baja Fresh already makes it a company policy to serve fresh food, no MSG, and tasty salsas made on the daily - that stuff you can find at every location.  The thing that sets this particular location apart from the rest is the staff.  The manager there, Rami, totally KICKS ASS!!! Super energy + inviting, he makes every visit a treat and not a chore.
4	I have mixed feelings on Baja Fresh in general. Sometimes I love it to death, other times I'm like, "I just payed $11 for a chicken quesadilla and a drink?"
3	I like the food here but it seems as though it's hit or miss on getting it fresh. On one visit, I ordered a Baja salad and when I got home the salad looked like it was a few days old. I've also noticed with all the new restaurants opening around them they are a lot less busy and as a result don't have as many staff on hand so it takes longer to get your food. Dinner time there was one person running the register and serving and one person cooking.Not a bad place if you don't mind waiting a while for the food if there are a few people in line.
1	Me and my husband decided to try Baja Fresh because we had a coupon for a free meal. When we got to the restaurant we were told that they were no longer honoring the coupon despite it being in a coupon book for 2012 and it was 1-2-12. The lady behind the counter instead gave us $5 off so we ordered out food. We waited and waited and watched people that ordered after us get their food. The lady behind the counter kept asking the cooks where our food was. I then watched the lady behind the counter get food and put it on a tray. She the walked the food out to a gentleman sitting at a table and told him she have him the wrong food and traded the meals. The meal she brought back was them put on a tray and given to us.  Needless to say, we asked for our money back and left.
4	Yum. Baja fresh is the place to go if you want something a step up from Chipotle in variety and warmth as far as the food goes. It's not finger licking if I don't have this I"m gonna die good, but the food is made fresh, and the customer service is always excellentHighlight: the plethora of salsa choices as well as fresh cut limes for your meal & if you so choose your coke like beverage. :)
2	The food is fresh and edible, but very forgettable.  I had the mango chipotle chicken salad without the shell.  Overall it was okay, but the chicken portion was very small - maybe 2.5 ounces.  The menu choices overall are hard to choose from and unless you get a salad without the shell or a single taco, the remaining choices are 700 calories plus.  A veggie burrito for example is 800 calories.  It has been awhile since I have been to Baja Fresh and I suddenly remember why. I will not be returning.
2	Okay Baja Fresh, I like you.But, I like Chipotle better.I usually get some kind of salad bowl thingy from Chipotle, so I tried Baja's grilled chicken bowl, but it didn't really stand up.It was just okay, but not great.The grilled chicken was fresh, but I can't figure out what they put on it so that it came chargrilled orange. (?)  Strange, but the taste was okay.The chips that come with every meal are pretty bland and seemed a bit stale.There were some okay sauces on the salsa bar.  I did like that part, but the ones behind the counter at Chipotle are better.And just in case you want Chipotle now, there is one in the same shopping center as this one. Ha.
1	First off I love Baja Fresh but not after this last experience...  I went to Baja Fresh with my family (wife and  two year old daughter) they had to use the ladies room so they waited 7 minutes for someone to come come out so they could use it.  The person in the bath room was a hispanic Baja Fresh worker.  He told us he was cleaning but we could go in after after was done.  He then left and we went in" it was disgusting.  Nothing was cleaned and we knew he was in their on his cell phone pretending to clean.  Then I went in the mens bathroom  and the bathroom floor was completely covered in urine.  The guy who was cleaning the bathroom also went stright from the bath room to cooking on the grill without ever washing his hands.  We were completely grossed out.  I got my girls back in the car and went in to talk to the manager.  The cook we had the run in with heard that I was waiting to talk to the manager and tried to maddog(stair me down) from behind the counter.  I told the manager what had happened and how disgusted we were.  I told the manager who also looked like he was probably intemidated by the workers himself.  Never eating there again after this...GROSS!!!!!
