4	A welcome addition to the N Phx "Black Hole" As many of you know there really are not too many unique places to eat up this way. That is changing little by little. Rinaldis is now open and serving the eager crowds. The line was out the door today and the food was flowing as fast as possible. The deli is a little small but has 12 or so 4 top tables. The problem is the chairs are a little big for the tables, therefore only comfortably allowing 2 to a table. The staff was excellent right on top of each order. No one came back with wrong togo orders or anything. The boss mentioned to the staff in a rare slow spot, "make sure the sandwiches don't look sloppy" That is cool to hear they care what goes out. it is your typical Boars Head cold cuts, with some great bread and some homemade dishes too. I had the chicken Parm sandwich. It was a full size hoagie loaded with chicken parm, sauce and cheese toasted. It was good, the bread was fresh, the chicken was good but it lacked a little flavor. The sauce needed a little more. Served with a pickle and chips. They had a whole beef brisket, just out of the oven, that looked amazing...
3	I was stoked to hear about a new deli/sandwich shop in the area, so we popped in on the weekend for lunch. I ordered up a small egg-salad sandwich and Tera went with a small turkey sandwich. The deli proudly proclaims Boar's head meats with signage plastered all over.Neither of us were particularly impressed. Tera's whole wheat roll was a bit firm, but my white roll was just fine. I enjoyed my sandwich, but it just didn't seem like that great of a value: $5.79 for my lil sandy, $5.79 for Tera's sandy, a bottle of Arizona iced tea, a small side of pasta salad and our total was about $20.I dig that each sammich comes with a small bag of Wise potato chips (hailing from PA, where I grew up). I'll probably go back to try their veggie sandwich at some point, but I'm in no hurry. For many of the folks who work up in this area, I'm sure Rinaldi's is a welcome addition to the dining options in this locale.
3	I decided to check this place out today for lunch with a friend and it was pretty good.  They have only Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  I was hoping for a bit more of a New York style deli.  I had the Pastrami and Corned Beef combo sandwich.  The meats weren't hot or fresh like at Miracle Mile so that's why I can't give it 4 or 5 stars.  It was a nice clean place though and seemed to have a decent size crowd from neighboring Honeywell.  The prices were a bit high over $10 for a sandwich chips and drink.  Overall 3/5
5	I love Rinaldi's deli. I feel at home here! Great place and great food. I recommend the max burro with sausage. The sausage and peppers is great as well! Can't go wrong with this place!
5	Love it.I've always complained that you can't get a good deli sandwich in Phoenix then I found Rinaldis.  Great food, classy atmosphere, and old school attitude make this one of my favorite stops.
4	Staff is great. Everyone knows what to do and when to do it. I had the corned beef on a hoagie roll toasted with Swiss and 1000 dressing. The meat was shaved like a porn star and had good flavor. The roll was fresh and tasty but not toasted enough. The Swiss was plentiful and not melted at all. Overall the sandwich was a 3.85. Nothing screams 5 stars yet.
3	Yesterday I needed to meet a client from North of the valley and I had other customers to visit in Deer Valley.  There are not many places in the area open for breakfast that are not chains so I picked here.  Getting there at 8 I probably missed most of the folks getting breakfast or picking up a sandwich to take with them for lunch. The guy who runs the place has almost an attitude but you warm up to him pretty quick.  I ordered the Max burrito which comes with egg, potato, cheese and your choice of bacon, sausage or ham ($4.29). It was pretty tasty.  It is moderate sized.  Price per ounce is easily twice that of a similar burrito at most of the local Mexican fast food places.  Part of that cost is location (Deer Valley is not cheap) and employee cost.While I was there there was a steady stream of folks coming in but never really busy.  It is hard sometimes to get in the parking area because of the backup for the Dunkin Donut located at the other end of the building.I am sure I will go back again because it isn't a chain, the food was OK and the service was pleasant.
4	Finally found my lunch spot!I recently started a new job in the area, and after spending some time trying out the local lunch spots, I have found my home.I've only been here twice, but I was sold the first day. Their Chicken Parmesan Sandwich is probably one of the best in the business. They use almost like pulled jerk chicken rather than the whole breast, that has been marinated in a marinara sauce, tender and delicious. The price is decent, usually under $10 for a meal and drink.My only complaint is the breads could be hotter and better quality, otherwise a great spot for lunch!
2	There are better lunch spots in the area. I had their roast beef sandwhich with chips and a drink for about $11. The sandwhich consisted of meat piled on fresh bread (the bread was actually really good), but still relatively mediocre. It's just too expensive to eat here, you could get the same lunch at any of the other sandwhich shops in the area for half as much.
2	I'll eat here for lunch if I need sustenance.  I'm generally not a big fan of deli shops, but when you need food - you need food!  There's really nothing fancy about their sandwiches - either that or I ordered the wrong meal (CK Parm Sandwich).  Does Boar's Head own this joint...talk about loyalty to the brand.  Granted Boar's Head does make some yummy deli meats, but man where's your own identity!?  Aside from the picture frames of old New York and some sports memorabilia; there's nothing New York about this place.  The price like all deli joints around - I feel is over priced.  Again, I come for lunch not for fine dining.  Service, well they were pretty quick I might add, but I hope it doesn't take much time to make a sandwich anyways.... - Enjoy!
3	Rinaldi's Italian Deli is a very good place for lunch if your in this area and looking for something a little lighter than a burger and fries.  They are conveniently located near the corner on Deer Valley and 19th ave, next to Dunkin Donuts.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and an early dinner.  I recommend going during breakfast or lunch if your interested in their "Specials of the Day" that are on their hot plates. These items don't look too appetizing if you go by in the late afternoon or evening. They offer homemade soups and fresh cut salads loaded with just about anything you could imagine.  They have a small selection of homemade pasta salads as well.  I had their pastrami on rye with their spicey, nazzle opening, and horse radishy dressing.  The pastrami was very good but had to be heated in a micro-wave. My sandwich was assembled very well so props to the girl behind the counter!  Their Italian pasta salad was excellent. Their Cob salad was also very good, nothing fancy but a good balance of veggies, bacon, egg, tomato, blue cheese, avocado with grilled chicken.Not one of the better deli's in Phoenix but loads better than any chain deli!  It's a nice alternative to burgers and fries.
3	Not particularly memorable, not particularly cheap, but everything tastes good.
4	Great little place to grab breakfast or a sandwich. It has a nice NYC feel with the owner greeting you like family. I've been here a few times and have left happy and full. Yep, you will pay a bit more for boars head meats but, overall it is deli prices. Good place for food and conversation...
2	If ya wanna win me ova, then ya gotta gimme more meat in my deli sandwich, especially when ya chargin' the prices ya chargin'!  There should be double da meat in there!  The sandwiches at Rinaldi's are nothin' dat I can't make at home, as long as I keep shoppin' at Fry's.  Nothin' special 'bout the bread, which is arguably the most important part of the deli sandwich/hoagie.  The only reason I'm givin' this place two stars instead of one is because they use Boar's Head.  Great meat, use more of it!
3	I'd give it 2.5 stars overall. Boar's Head meats are a plus, but I'd prefer some imported stuff when it comes to soppresatas, mortadellas and capicollas capice?Its clean, the selection is good. Staff seemed a bit lackadaisacal - but it was a slow Friday afternoon. The TV was not tuned in to a station - was on the menu of DirecTV. If the staff has nothing to do, since nobody is there - don't you think they would have picked SOMETHING to tune in on the big flat-panel? They did, after we were 1/2 done with our sandwiches.Almost all the sandwiches here are the same price - and I think of that as the lazy businessman's answer to menu planning. Tuna and bologna just shouldn't be priced the same as mortadella!The pickles that came with the sandwiches were cold and crisp, but not the best pickle ever. Still, cold and crisp is more than many places offer. The vinaigrette on the subs could have used more vinegar if you ask me. Perhaps a higher acid red wine vinegar, or a nice champagne vinegar...something to kick it up just a bit.It's a nice place, probably worthy of 3 stars - but it just didn't "feel" like 3 stars - so I'm standing firm at 2.5.
3	Good sandwiches and quick service.
3	No "hello, welcome to..." when I walked in.There was nobody else in the place.Stood there about a minute while employees did other things and then "C' I take your order?"Sausage and peppers sandwhich was ok.  The sausages looked re-heated.  Probably ordered wrong.  The Eggplant Parm looked better.A cheesy bag of chips which are made back East.  Walked out the door and was waiting for a "Thank you for..."Nada.
4	This deli is right next to Honeywell on 19th Ave & Deer Valley so it really gets busy at lunch! However, I have never had a bad meal here! And the Cobb salads are AWESOME! the only thing I would warn you about is during the week after the lunch rush they do run out of some items. I look at it as the food is definately fresh every day!
5	Yummy sandwiches, good salads, quick service. Awesome croissant breakfast sandwiches! Love this place!
4	I think I'll be kind and round up to 4, though I believe 3.5 is fair. This is a fine place - the prices are decent for the amount of food you get, it tastes pretty good, and the menu is quite vast for a deli. The lunch rush here can be absolutely crazy, largely because of the large Honeywell facility that it practically shares a parking lot with. The earlier the better, lest you have a long wait...I recommend pre-11:15am for lunch. I've had the sausage and peppers, as well as the Italian sub. Both were good...the bread left a bit to be desired though. The sausage and other meats were tasty, minus them obviously forgetting to remove the "skin" or wrapping from the pepperoni, which isn't something fun to discover mid-bite. The people here do seem quite authentic New York - they're OK, they get the job done, but are not overly friendly. Oh well...
3	I so wanted to like this place.  When we went there was no one there.  That is never a good sign for a foodie.  Then the person at the counter acted like we bothered them.  our food was being made and someone took down some regular bread for one of the sandwiches ???  That's why you go to a deli for the bread.  When the food came it was pretty okay but nothing that really sent it over the edge.  I really hope they desire to fix some things cause it has potential but you are in Phoenix the eating out capital of the US.  You have to bring your A game and they did not.
4	They do put alot of meat in their regular size sandwiches.  I like that... :)
4	Great little lunch place I love that southwest wrap and the fact they have sprouts. great place to eat and I definitely will be going back. Boars head meat is the best we bring it home all the time.
3	Sub Par - For a samich shop. Bread was decent prolly from Sysco ? Boars Head meats is why a 3 Star not 2.Very Clean interior (hope Kitchen just as clean)They didnt Skimp on the Meat, but when i said, No tomatoes, but everyhting else... so I guess Everything else means Provolone, Lettuce and Mayo...... and 8 bucks plus some change..I will give it one more try, and maybe order better,, didnt know that was my part to make sure onions, pickle, olives, jalepeno, peppers, salt, spinach etc etc need to be called out... 1 more chance Rinaldi's ... Will see what you got... !
4	Maybe the best chicken Parmesan sandwich in the valley. That's literally all you need to know. You can get very good sandwiches here, for certain, and their breakfast burritos are awesome...but if you're here for lunch just get the chicken parm, then come back and get it again.
5	Great Chicken Parmesan sandwich. The lady was real friendly even though it was busy!
3	The Italian combo is awesome!
3	Eh is was good but really expensive for the portion. My husband and ordered a large to split and paid $12 for the sandwich and two canned sodas. The sandwich was on a French roll that was maybe 8" long... It was a meatball sandwich with 3 meatballs and some sauce. I would have expected a little more for a $10 sandwich.
4	Delicious sandwiches, friendly staff! VERY Fresh meats & cheeses.
4	This place has now become one of my favorite lunch spots. Awesome sandwiches! The pastrami with everything is my usual!
3	This is a clean place with a few TV's around. You order your food and they call your number when it's ready. They have a pretty diverse menu, so there's probably something for everyone.I had a late lunch and ordered one of the specials, Chicken Parmesan sandwich. It was okay, but nothing to write home about. I've been in there for breakfast as well. The breakfast sandwiches are good but can be a little pricey.
3	Went to Rinaldi's for lunch mid-week with a few co-workers. The turkey ham and cheese was nothing special other than the fact that they use Boar's Head meats which is a bonus to any sandwich. After purchasing a drink and getting a generic bag of chips, the total came out to $10. I will definitely be making a trip back for one of the pastrami sandwiches that I should have chosen in the first place.Overall: A good find if your looking for something other than Subway, Jimmy John's, or Port-O-Subs...
1	The place itself is nice. Subs are ok, all the pre-cooked food is dry and salty..the owner is  Rude ..! After about three visits no more.
1	I went to grub hub to place my order. Since I run an at home daycare I wanted some good breakfast food. I had a $20.00 order. I submitted it then almost instantly my phone rang. The owner was very rude and told me the ONLY reason he was delivering my food is because I pre-paid thru the site. That he only delivers to commercial businesses. For one grub hub doesn't say that and when I called them they were as shocked as I was since he has never stated this. I will not lie, I will never walk foot into his deli. I do have a business n since my name isn't pet smart or something he doesn't want my business. Your loss I use grub hub a lot!! Anyway food was good, but I lost ALL respect for you sir! Remember your a small business owner as well n karma is a b!
4	I will definitely go back. My husband loved the pastrami, I liked the meatball sandwich, the meatballs are good, it could use a bit more sauce. friendly and quick.
5	Great sammichez!  We also grab a few rice balls when they are available with some extra sauce.  Boom.
4	Love the places breakfast, order from here at least once a week #breakfast burro or the croissants.
5	Delicious premium sandwiches. Meatball extra cheese and the Italian combo are the best! Don't forget to try the canoli as well!
2	It was ok. Not great and not bad. Over priced, no lemons for ice tea, no homemade pasta or potato salads. There are so many other great delis.
1	The past three times I've come through to renaldi's deli I've ordered a chicken cesar salad with bacon, and it USED to be fantastic. Well, the salad has been pitiful at best compared to the last times i've been here. Either quality control, or staffing has gone down hill. I'm not expecting much going out for a salad for lunch, but at least hook it up with some protein, I paid $10 for the following: http://imgur.com/LWpnFyo So I paid $10 for some over-priced wilted lettuce, 2 strips of bacon, and 1/8th of a chicken breast. WTF Rinaldi's !? You used to be quality, now you just outright price gouge and not offer a satisfying meal. For shame.Edit: It get's worse, how hard is it to make a cesar salad ? My dressing was ranch :\
1	False advertising, they say they deliver & they do, but they do no tell you they only deliver to companies not residences!  THAT REALLY, REALLY SUCKS, EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!!
3	2.7/5 Average deli. Better than Subway for sure but nothing out of the ordinary, could have got the same ingrediants from the deli at Albertsons and made my own.
1	The prices are very high for deli sandwiches.  You do not get much value for the cost. Customer service here reminds me of the Seinfeld Soup episode where the owners/workers are not very friendly, seem to not care if you return as a loyal customer, and I felt that my patronizing went unappreciated.  I like to be appreciated as a customer, and valued. It would be nice to be greeted with a friendly hello, and a thank you when you leave, but that is not the case here on my experience.I won't be visiting again. There are far less pricey sandwich shops and delis around with much friendlier customer service.
4	Great for breakfast and lunch, I order and the food was delivered in about 20min. My sandwich was piled high with delicious maple turkey on a fresh Kaiser roll. I think the price is fair for what you are receiving.
4	The quality of ingredients makes the difference here. Love their bacon egg and cheese croissant. I love that they sell Martinelli's Apple juice, which is one of the best unless you are making your own fresh Apple juice. I took off one star because they don't consistently open on time. They are supposed to open at 7am and one day at 7:15 it still was not open. This was not a fluke. Happened several times. I stopped going for a while because of this. However the sandwiches are so good that I have returned, just not as frequently. My review is based on breakfast. Never been for lunch.
