5	There's nothing not to love about about this location.  The employees are all friendly and helpful, and the smoothies I've had there (which are many) have always been excellent!
4	All the other places are just rip-offs. Jamba Juice is the real deal.
4	Okay, here's what I did on my summer vacation, class...Helena watched 'Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead' a few months ago, and before I could say Australian douchebag, I had a state of the art juicer and a bunch of parsley in my fridge. We did a 15 day juice fast and considering I gave up food, wine and coffee for raw juices and a vegan raw hippie lifestyle for more than two weeks, I am surprised everyone involved is still alive. Seriously it was a lot more pleasurable and cathartic an experience than I thought it would be going into it. One bright shining light in the whole situation was this Jamba Juice. Sadly a lot of the independent juice outfits just haven't made it in this economy, but this chain did a nice job of filling the gap in my mid-day fix. Carrot juice with wheatgrass was my little slice of heaven every day. The staff is friendly and obliging. Only loss of a point for less than superior cleanliness behind the lines, because if I can see into your kitchen I want it to be immaculate. And I was starving daily, so my standards were probably a little harsh.
4	This one is always packed. I have been here more than my check-ins would inidcate, and they make a good smoothie. But it's what they do so...
2	My best friend and I came here one evening, It's the closest near my apartment and we were ordering our drinks as well as my roommates and my boyfriend..So that's a total of 5 drinks. However my best friend wanted to pay, she refused in letting me do it, now this is the BAD part...she forgot her wallet at her house in Queen Creek :/ we canceled the order and left....Now a week goes by and just as my best friend and I were walking in laughing about how embarrassing the last visit was it was the same girl who took out order before, she seen us and immediately looked over at her co-worker and whispered something. Now I'm not the one to be judging, but I HATE when there is no confrontation..we walked to the cash register and she didn't even smile or greet us, we just had to say our order without being asked!!! Lack of customer service, and a little bit snobby I would say! I mean we made a simple mistake of forgetting out wallet, which I know we are not the only ones who have done it before. Overall great drinks as always but I won't be doing service with that particular girl anymore!!!
4	Still good stuff. If not so pricy, I'd be there more often.
5	First time at this location. Went there after my orthodontist appointment, wanting something soft for my sore mouth after having my braces tightened and new bands and wires put on. Great, fast service and a new feature they offer, the digital punch card. After 8 visits you get a free smoothie. Great idea! But then you don't have to twist my arm twice to get me to go here. I love their smoothies! I have to be careful though, being I am allergic to citrus I have to avoid certain flavors and types of their smoothies.
5	Love the fun fruity flavors, and happy they have 16 size, which is perfect for me! Been a fan since HS, so glad there's one close to home! :) Try the razzmatazz it's so yummy in your tummy! Lol
4	I've been going to Jamba Juice for years. I absolutely love their products! Went to this location today to take advantage of the buy one get one promotion. Cornelius, training store manager, took our order. I asked if he needed to see the coupon I had on my phone for the Bogo deal and he said yes. He was thorough and read us back our order to ensure accuracy. There were two ladies behind us waiting to order and I told them about the Bogo deal, love helping others save money. I let them us my phone to show Cornelius but he said they couldn't use it. They did not bring their phones in so they couldn't download the app I was using for the coupon. I was very disappointed at first and unsure why he wouldn't let them, it wasn't a coupon that needed to be scanned. Most companies I've dealt with in the past with similar coupons have allowed me to share it. I was sure I was going to have to write a bad review about him until the ladies thank me after ordering and informed me that he ended up giving them the Bogo deal. THANKS CORNELIUS!! This review only gets four stars because we waited a while before getting our drinks. Because of Cornelius's change of heart I will definitely return to this location.
4	I had a coupon here for buy one get one free. It's a small location and was next door to a starbucks. I ordered a strawberry surf rider and I forgot the other drink, but both were still good. Also, ordered a couple of wheat grass shots and it wasn't so bad. Service was great, They were all very polite and friendly.
2	Very slow service with only one employee working. The second was on break.  I get it... breaks are warrented, deserved,  and required. That said, it's tacky as an employee to take up the only table in the dining room to eat a huge pancake breakfast while occasionally looking up at the long line.
4	I'm aware we all pretty much know what jamba jucie is all about so my review is more about their new( to me at least) and delicious fresh squeezed juice options. IM OBSESSED. yes, on the pricy side compared to other juice bars but very good drinks overall. I have tried several and they are all great.  From carrot cayenne to ginger apple aid.. etc they are super refreshing, filling and most of all tasty!
1	I am astonished this place has a four star rating. It must've received a majority of it's reviews prior to hiring their employee Garrett. Let me just preface this: I am a former employee of the Jamba Juice company. I am extremely familiar with the nature of the job. A couple days prior to walking through the doors of this specific store, I was hospitalized and hadn't eaten anything for a few days. When I finally was receiving some sort of appetite, I was craving jamba.. But a very specific smoothie. So imagine my disappointment when I walk into the store around 8pm, an hour before close, and both their orange juicer and carrot juicer had already been cleaned for the night. The smoothie I wanted required both fresh squeezed carrot and orange juice. I was pretty pissed. In the store I had worked in previously, we couldn't even think about cleaning the juicers until about 20 minutes before close. Yes cleaning the juicers sucks major ass. You have to stay later and it adds to your long list of closing duties at the end of the night. However, you avoid pissed off reviews such as these. Now here is where Garrett comes into play. I asked for my smoothie and with zero amount of empathy he tells me, "Our juicers are clean for the night. You'll have to pick something else." Fine. I scour the menu for something else, but with my hardly there appetite, it took everything in me not to just storm out of that store. But I sucked it up and picked something else, and my boyfriend who was with me also ordered. Lastly I ordered something for my roommate, who was at home. All the while Garrett is looking annoyed and bored with the fact that I'm indecisive about what now to order now that my first option has been squashed. The final order was: strawberry surf rider for my boyfriend, a c booster for my roommate, and a c booster no sherbet sub Greek yogurt for me. While we begin waiting for our smoothies, a second employee approaches me named Michael who profusely apologizes for not being able to provide me the smoothie I wanted and offered me a free smoothie card. I liked him. He was very polite. When our smoothies are finally ready, there are only two cups on the counter instead of three. I let Garrett know we are missing a smoothie and he tells me I didn't order a third one. Indeed, I did, and now I'm over annoyed and just plain mad. He doesn't apologize for getting my order wrong. He makes the third smoothie and afterwards I ask for his name because conveniently neither employee are wearing name tags. With a smirk he says his name, and nothing else. I ask for Michael's name and he apologizes again and wishes me a good night. The single star is for Michael's service, although he was mainly in the background. I assume he was the team lead. I will NEVER return to this store. I will drive my happy ass out of my way to a different location.
4	I have to admit I'm in love with Jamba juice great drink after the gym especially after a hard chest workout
