4	One of my new favorite thrift stores! I dropped a bunch of stuff off today and took a look around. They get some really nice stuff donated to them and there were a lot of name brand items like Kennith Cole, The Limited, etc...the shoe selection is pretty nice as well.The store is smallish, clean, and has a friendly staff. The proceeds go to help women who are victims of domestic violence so it's putting your money to good use. They're hours are limited...something like 10-4 on weekdays and 10-? on Saturday, so plan accordingly.
5	Great place to donate your gently used items to help out those that need it.Everyone is always so friendly and grateful.  Maybe one day I can give more than just items.
1	This review is solely about volunteering here. They do not return phone calls or emails. They treat people that want to volunteer their time horribly! On facebook former volunteers/vanguards are always complaining. Sojourner Center should start treating better those willing to work for free! This is a disgrace. The horror stories that i heard and my personal experience of not even treated as a person that should have emails returned is just unbelievable. Want to volunteer? Look elsewhere.
5	I've been volunteering at Sojourner Center for the past eight years at increasing levels of involvement. This place is one of the finest examples of community I can imagine. Thousands of people across Maricopa county provide many of the day to day items women and children need ... from diapers (lots needed) to clothing, to toiletries, to alarm clocks. When people leave an abuser with nothing but what they can carry there are many needs. The greatest needs are for in-kind gently used or new items brought to the beautiful donation center on Fillmore (off 24th St) and monetary donations through the web site. But there are many other opportunities to make a difference; can you read to a child? how about teaching someone to write a resume? are you a tradesperson who can pull a team together to refresh rooms lived in by the women and children? I've seen some reviews of people who are upset from prior years but please check out the web site as I think you will find it very helpful: http://www.sojournercenter.org/
