4	This theater is nice.  You pay for your tickets outside, so if it's hotter than Hades you might not appreciate standing in a long line.  Once inside you give your ticket to the employee (the one on duty that day kept asking me if I was having a "blessed day" and seemed hard pressed to let me in until I answered yes with a big cheesy grin.) Once inside you can buy your outrageously priced concessions and go find your cinema.  There is plenty of stadium seating inside, and it would take a pretty tall person or a really big hat or afro to block your view of the screen, I think.I'm not the world's skinniest person so I like comfortable theater seats. The seats are very ample and comfortable, and you can choose to put the arm up or down as an armrest/drinkholder.  The movie screen is wide- wider than you expect it to be because they leave the curtains only partially open until it's time for the feature. Nice surprise.  I could do without the nauseating advertising, the repetitious movie quizzes and the new-band music, but I guess you can't escape that at any theater nowadays.  It was nice to take the kid to see a movie without walking through a casino to do it.
5	Nice Clean & not to cold, It always seems I get cold in the movies but not this time.... As Allison P. Stated you purchase tickets outside & the weather was quite nice so that added to a more pleasant experiance....  once inside we were greated by a Phyically challange employee who was helpful, I think highly of a place where the equal oppertunity is valued.Of course the movies ain't the movies unless you get a large soda popcorn & candy....40 bucks quickly went (matinee)....  but we will return...Oh yeah... The bathrooms were clean. This alone is worth 5 ;-)
3	We were bored one day and wanted to go to a movie, but the movie the young man wanted to watch was only showing here so we drove out. It is in the middle of some weird area and the movie theater is a free standing one not attached to anything -- no mall, nothing.The movie theater is like your regular ones, not one of those megapexes, just a regular one. Popcorn and soda were ripoffs! WOW I didn't expect a smaller theater to charge so much! We only got popcorn.... and I couldn't understand how a combo costs the same (in fact, a few cents more) than getting the soda and popcorn separately! Mindboggling that one!They were a Regal so I got to use my card for extra points. Other than that, it wasn't anything to write home about!And oh, the seats don't 'recline' back at all -- boo!
3	The Colonnade is a nice theatre in the heart of the southeast side of Vegas on Pebble and Eastern.The place first came about almost a decade ago and has remained a staple in the countless places I've gone to watch movies.  I've always loved the fact it's so close to my house and always consistent in quality and service.
2	Okay - I see alot of movies and although its very close to home I avoid this place and would rather drive to Rave or even South Point...on more than one occation i've experienced poor quality sound, unconfortable seats, dirty everthing, concessions not well maintained...if I'm paying $10+ for a ticket then it may as well be worth it...I'll drive to Town Square everytime.
3	Typical movie theater. Clean.  Nice that it's stand alone and you don't have to spend half an hour winding through a smoky casino to get to it.
5	cant find a better location 4 a movie theather...sourraund by so manny good restaurants....bery clean place nice seats and screens......once u r done watching the movie u got a nice varietty of places u cant like cuban food,chinesse,arabic and american food.....just bring your family and wont regreat it....
2	This movie theater satisfies the need , but most of the theater rooms are a bit small. The volume on our movie was not loud enough, especially when you have a bunch of whispering kids next to you.;(It really needed to be bumped up ! A movie usher came in and told us there was a problem with our projector and there would be a delay on our movie by about 10 minutes. We didn't have to wait too long, but based on these things I had to rate at 2 stars. There are a few other movie theaters that are more comfortable and spacious with more kick-ass sound systems, I'd much rather visit those spots!
1	I haven't been to the movie theaters in about six years for a number of reasons. Rude people that do not turn off their cell phones, teenagers hanging out and acting like it's recess, and people who continuously get up during the movie.  My boyfriend and I went when we were bored one night pretty late...it was the last show of the evening.  Regal Cinemas have always been known to have a pretty clean establishment, but I was actually shocked to see mice running around the floors and underneath our feet throughout the movie.  I don't know about you, but I normally put my purse on the floor but chose not to that night because the theater was not crowded at all.  I can't imagine if it was on the floor. I guess a dark, quiet area with tidbits of food all over the place is the perfect breeding ground for mice. From this point forward, I'll be watching movies when they come out on Netflix or Blu-Ray.
2	So this is one of those situations where there just isn't a lot of options. Theater is average. Always understaffed at the concession stand. The most annoying thing is the gentleman who takes your ticket. This person is mentally handicapped which I think is great that they hired. Problem is this guy is very aggressive and very overpowering. He scares my young daughter every time we go and he refuses to let us in unless she aknowdleges him. I have hesitated to complain about him to management but do find myself skipping the "on the fence" movies because of him. Overall, I would recommend driving to Town Square and enjoying a new, premium theater for the same money.
1	Went here for the HP7 midnight premier. Not sure why.. The ticket ripper thingy guy's a jerk. To everyone. HP7 premier or not, no jerks allowed! - 1 star.Concession stand was poppin' that night. They were nice. + 1 star :]I'm not sure why, but that place felt filthy. - 2 Star.The theatre's are horribly designed to UNMAXMIZE seating capacity in the room. There's so much walking space for no reason - 3 Star.This place just isn't the place to watch movies unless the parking lot's too packed to escape away to another theatre. - 4 star.
4	With my high school just a stone skip away, this was the happening place to be on the weekends. Stepping in here retells a lot about my young adult life, or lack there of one. With Rave, GVR, or Brendan Theaters around; Colonnade is easily forgotten. I like it because it is less crowded than the others. For the most part, it has been kept up with and does not look dilapidated. Maybe it is the rose tinted glasses of $5 movie Tuesdays, but I had watched another movie earlier in the day at GVR and felt more comfortable at Colonnade.
3	Hadn't been here in a long time but went for the $6 Tuesday special.  Was surprised the place was empty.  Our theater was small and it does seem like they went out of their way to have the least amount of seats they could fit.  Our theater had stadium seats but they didn't recline.I didn't buy any concessions so I can't comment on them.The ticket girl was friendly and the guy taking tickets inside was also friendly so as far as I can tell, the staff is very nice.One big plus for me - twice during our movie an employee came in to check out the theater.  I think the first time he was doing a head count to make sure people weren't sneaking in, the second time he just seemed to be making his rounds.  If you've ever sat through loud mouth teens talking through and entire movie at Rave you'll know why this was much appreciated.  A theater that actually makes sure everyone can enjoy the show?  What a novelty ...It may not be the biggest or most advanced theater but it was definately a good experience.Tip:  If you look at Regal's website I believe they also have concession discounts on certain days.
4	good place to go catch a flick if you just want no frills and no lines. Seats are older and don't recline but never have I had to even wait in line to get ticket (maybe a person or two in front of me) Same at snack bar.
3	I quite like Regal Colonnade. Sure, it's not as snazzy as Rave at Town Square, but on a Friday or Saturday night it doesn't tend to be as crazy as some of the trendier locations and you can catch a movie without being overrun by a gaggle of teenagers.I enjoy the jumbo blue raspberry slushies from the snack bar, although the popcorn isn't the best that I have tasted. Theatres are clean, but the one I was in had bare concrete floor along the rows of seats which takes away a little of the feeling of comfort. It's a bit like you're sitting in someone's garage.Overall, a decent enough theatre complex. Not a place that I would seek out on a week night, but it's so far below the radar of the Friday night date set that it's a nice option if you want to avoid the crowds.
3	My kids & I went to go see Madea - but the power went out because of the heat. They were nice enough to let us stay and see any other movie we wanted plus they gave us free passes for another movie. They have special prices of $5-$6 movies on Tuesdays. The staff was very nice and apologetic about what happened even though it was out of their hands.
1	Stay away, the staff can never be wrong, only the customer is wrong at this place.  Spend your $11  ++++at a place where you are appreciated and won't be forced to engage or respond to the annoying ticket guy.  Yes I understand he is mentally challenged but he crosses the line over and over again, scaring kids and pissing off adults.  His managers insist on him being the first person you talk to and boy you better respond because he won't let you pass until you say something.  We are never going back!
3	This is a pretty run of the mill Regal and if I had to choose between this one and GVR, I'd probably pick GVR. But. This regal usually gets limited or not-so-wide release films (think Moonrise Kingdom, Midnight in Paris) and that's why I end up here more often than I care to. This theater also gets the GVR leftovers-it's kind of the place where blockbusters go to die before getting the Blu-Ray treatment, so if you miss it in the theater it was first released in, it will likely end up at this Regal.The complex is small-only about 10 theaters and most of the theaters are pretty small and outdated. And by outdated, I mean that the chairs don't lean back. It's not the worst thing in the world, but it could use a spruce.The staff has always been nice and the facilities clean. I can credit them for having a substantially better bathroom than GVR for the simple fact that they have paper towels. I get the whole "green" movement, but did GVR buy those things refurbished? Get the Dyson dryers like everyone else! I digress.All in all, this is a decent movie theater- not the best or the worst-pretty average with some movie gems here and there.
3	Lots of places to eat in this complex! That said, the theatre itself is so-so. My bad for going to see The Campaign on a Sunday afternoon at the end of its run: cue a group of seven 13-year-old boys who only got in on the whim of their parents' liberal parenting methodologies. If there's nothing I love more than gay/butt jokes, it's having them occur for a constant one-and-a-half hour stream, in a dark theatre, where it would be socially inappropriate to leverage physical disruption of their ability to speak. Managers, check in on your theaters every now and then. Spare your patrons the hypertension, or at least equip mature-looking audience members with tasers.
3	Lets be honest, it is 2012 and this theater is totally outdated .There are lots of better theaters in town but for some weird and inexplicable reason; sometimes  I keep going back to this one.I want to think it's the convenience of not having to walk either through a casino nor a mall to get to the theater. Sometimes that walk feels like forever .You park you walk 15 steps and you are there. Its very easy to get in and out  ..At some places where better theaters are you either cant breath because of the cigarrate smell or theintense douchebag or douchette cologne.Do I go because I want to support the fact that they hire special need people as employees? Im serious there guys. I believe in supporting equal employment and take my hat off to regal for giving them the chance to work and interact with others. I hapyly pay for my admission knowing this great people is getting paid and keeping their job because of it.I made some friends specially a fella we call "WE" because he always asks you : "how are WE doing" regardless of the amount of people you are. A tip: if you are alone still say WE are doing good . That way you will put a smile on his face.I can tell you its definetly not the popcorn and the price it carries. It has that "premade" feeling and it's a little stail. Worst part is that it's the same price as other places but with way less occupancy and awful flavor. They should adjust the price of at least the popcorn because that might stop me from sneaking 90 calories bar in my pockets.I can also tell you that its not the ticket price what attracts me. Fellas at Regal. If you are reading this please understand that the competition around town is big and you are outdated.and face it..Vegas is small and people rather drive 3 more minutes than sit on a 1980 orthopedic feeling seat . Unless you invest a lot of money thenplease lower the ticket price. It will fill your place like when you were doing 5 dollar Tuesdays.All in all it's a fun theater.Because it is usually empty it gives you that feeling that you own the theater.It has that vintage feel that makes you think you are in a 1980s movie scene. Does it worth the cost? Absolutely not .I rather go to Rave , but then again , I still end up coming back and end up buying the crappy popcorn once in a while and still don't understand why.Maybe its my buddy "WE" maybe its because im a popcorn Junkie , who knows. Time for another drink.
4	We really like this theater. We go here often, cause it's convenient to go to (don't have to go through a casino!) and I love Regal!They have a wide movie selection, may be smaller than some other theaters but they  show both newer movies and some older movies that are already out of older theaters. The only negative about this place is there is always this 1 guy who takes your ticket when you come into the theater and he is so odd! He is there everytime we go and ALWAYS asks "How are we doing?" and if you don't answer exactly how he wants you to (which I am still unsure how to do) he keeps asking it and wont give you your tickets back. Its very awkward. But the theater is clean, has good concessions, good staff (except that odd guy) and good movies!
4	I actually really liked this theater. You feel like you're going to a real, old school theater... not just another source of entertainment found in yet another dingy, smelly casino. I found it to be very comfortable and surprisingly very clean, with friendly service...I was also impressed with how attentive the employees were. There was someone checking in the theater every half hour or so. I'm sure they had their own reasons for doing so, but I have had my movie disturbed many a time by rowdy customers, so I appreciated the effort. I went for a Rifftrax event and had an excellent time. I'll be returning here.
4	Why is this theater so cold? I swear it is 50 degrees in here no matter what time of year it is. Boo on needing to bundle up to go to the movies.But other than that I like it. I like that it's not in a casino or mall and you just waltz right up to the theater (feels very normal to non-Vegas native like me). I like that it's Regal and that that company has joined the ranks of many other companies by having a spy program disguised as a "loyalty card." I see your tricks, Regal, and as long as you give me a $2 small popcorn on Tuesdays, I don't care.I also think that this theater has movies for longer than most in the area. I have been able to catch movies that came out months prior at this place when other theaters give up on the not-so-well-received. (Review within a review: Anna Karenina stunk. Leo Tolstoy is rolling in his grave. I would like my $9 back, Keira Knightly, or actually better yet, why don't you take my $9 and enroll in an acting class or maybe read the novel your character is based upon. Whew; I'm glad that's off my chest.)It is a pretty clean theater and you can't beat its parking and its neighbor to the right, Body Heat Yoga.
3	Good theater for your basic movie watching needs.
4	There are so many times when movies come out and they aren't being shown at some of the more popular theaters, but The Colonnade usually always has it playing. I love it here because it takes me back to when I was growing up in Vegas, as this was the cool theater to hang out at. Now i love it because its more low key. When i don't feel  well or feel in the mood to put make up. Its a nice laid back, old school theater. I like it.
4	The theater is outdated, yes.The best part about this theater is that it's not crowded. The theater is always AT LEAST HALF EMPTY. So you have plenty of seats to choose from.The screens are big enough, the parking is ample, the concessions work.It's a very convenient theater to go to.I've been here multiple times and I would come back here.
4	I believe this theatre came along before rivals South Point, Rave, and Green Valley Ranch but this is your nice little hometown theater that may be older, but it still gets the job done.Much like any other theater, the concessions are pricey but there are definitely some other advantages.1. Digital Audio and Visual - I only watch at theater that only have Digital picture and why I refuse to watch movies at Sunset Station. 2. There is hardly ever a crowd.  Go on a weeknight and arrive a few minutes before the movie is scheduled to start and you are still guaranteed to have GREAT seats.3. Staff is always friendly.If I prefer to stay away from the casinos for a movie experience.  Colonnade is always one of my top choices.
3	This place is so close, I come here for last minute, however, this is about the movie and not the "experience" when I come here...a.  Location -  5 Star - If you live in this area, it is great. Huge parking spaces, great restaurants like Jun's Korean and Lemongrass Pho Noodles!  Oddly, the Roundtable here closed. Easy access to freeway and all streets!  Never too crowded.b.  Service - 2 Star - I would say based on the results of the service, I would say that their goal is to have great service, but management does not set a quality standard.  For a weekday matinee, what possible reason is there to have only one line open when about 10 people are waiting in the 100+ weather to buy tickets?  Then, the air/con inside the ticket room is so powerful that it pushes money and tickets around at the little hole they use to interact with the clients?  At the concessions, why are there about at least 6-7 cashier/ordering spots and only 1-2 open? What would cause you to have a line of 12-15 and not open another cashier???c.  Stuff - 4 Star - OK, like all places all the normal food. I do like the fact that the large popcorn is in a tub and not a bag. Free refils on large popcorn and soda.  That is a pretty good deal.d.  Theater - 3 Star - If you are lucky to have a movie in one of their large auditoriums, you get a great cinematic experience. Unfortunately if you get one of the small auditoriums, you get a rinky dink theater screen and it is a just average experience.  The facility is old and getting wornout. It is due for some kind of basic upgrade. Why not let you roam through the lobby and order food while someone else is ordering the tickets? Here you have to use your tickets before you get to the food area. Not efficiente.  Prices - 4 Star - Now I don't remember, but on Tuesdays they have a great deal on movies and their other prices are similar to everywhere.Overall , 3 Star - this is a tired place and if you want to full experience, I would say that AMC 16 (rave) is the place to go and perhaps Brendan Theaters.  I like coming here for a quick movie, but otherwise, I like AMC 16.
3	This is a good theater and the best thing is you don't have to walk thru a casino to get here. Its usually not that crowded so getting good seats is easy. Both are big deals when you go with kids! The people are quite friendly and nice at the ticket stand and concessions.  The big thing is this is the closest Regal to us that has a wide selection of movies and with Regal passes if you don't go the week it opens, its not expensive any time of day! This theater actually gets extra kudos as every time we have gone there have been people with disabilities as employees! In this society thats good to see them being part of the community and having the opportunity.  The reason only 3 stars is the chairs are all worn in and don't look very clean, and compared to other movie theaters around now its average.  Its in a nice shopping center but the shopping center used to have more in it. The nice part about that though is there is tons of parking and never too far away!
3	This movie theatre is mediocre in every aspect. Nothing about this theatre makes it one of the best places in town to catch a movie, but it is certainly not the worst place either.From the seats to the concession stand, Colonnade does most things correctly, but doesn't go above and beyond. This is one of the older movie theatres in Henderson, so don't expect all the bells and whistles like that of the Galaxy. The screens are nice and showings typically don't fill up as much as other places, so there is usually space to spread out.The best part about Colonnade is that they are one of the few locations around Las Vegas that participate in the Regal Value Days program, making movies only $6 on Tuesdays. The worst part about the Colonnade is the movies they show. I have found on multiple occasions that a new movie will be showing at almost every theatre in town except Colonnade.All in all, this is a nice Henderson spot to watch a movie. Just don't expect to be wowed by your surroundings.
4	Clean theater located in a shopping center that seemed dead on a Sunday afternoon. The theater seemed quiet while I was there and it didn't get too packed to my surprise for a weekend day. This might be because they weren't showing any "new" movies...instead the movies that were shown probably came out 3-4 weeks ago. Nevertheless, this was a nice theater and I would come back if I were in the area.
5	So, I haven't stepped foot in a movie theater since 2001 or so... Last movie I saw was STAR WARS: PHANTOM MENACE.  I know, I know, don't judge me.  So, what was the first movie that we decided to see? Horror for a good scare? Romantic? Comedy for the laughs? Action with gratuitous violence?  Nope on all accounts!  My first movie back was TURBO! about a snail that becomes a race car...Anyhow, we walked into the theater and it was barren.  Got some goodies at the counter and looked for a seat.  It was awesome, we were the only people in the theater.  The movie is what it is.  Cute and fun... I can see why kids would like it.Here is the review of the theater itself:Friendly service all around... from ticket sales to concessions.  The theater was clean and well kept.  Signage kept you wanting to come back and see new flicks.  The only thing I didn't like was the "HELLO KITTY" claw game that draws every little girl (and Cathy's) to beg for money to try and get one.I have been here one other time since... I saw Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 as well.
3	The theater was absolutely tiny inside! It was ok but I certainly wouldn't drive to the other end of town to see a flick here. If you are going to a movie premier here, be prepared to wait. The staff was completely unfamiliar with the process....
3	This is not one of the nicest theaters in town. The location is so weird, it's in this mostly abandoned shopping center tucked away from the hustle and bustle of town. While the theaters technically have stadium seating, the seats are old school and very uncomfortable. The screen size is good and the projection and sound systems are good. I see movies here mostly because they like to play some obscure, foreign and indie titles that you can't see anywhere else in town, and they always have the special RiffTrax / Fathom Events screenings (one of the only theaters in town that consistently has these shows; ticket prices for the special events run a bit more at $12.50 per ticket). The Colonnade also has movies around for a lot longer than other theaters (so if you've been wanting to catch a film that was released 2 months ago, there's a good chance it's still playing here). You can avoid the skeevy-ness of the $1 theater by going here instead.There's a huge parking lot and since the shopping center is always empty, parking is never an issue. The lot is pretty dark so try to park close if you are a woman going alone. In fact, the parking lot is so dark that I wouldn't want to go see a movie here alone at night (management, are you listening?). The theater is set back from the main lot so there's a bit of a walk to get from your car to the lobby (not fun if it's a blustery or rainy day).The snack bar is just okay. I have had old and stale popcorn 3 out of the last 5 times I purchased snacks here so I've stopped wasting my money. A little patience goes a long way here. This location likes to hire special needs employees (which I wholeheartedly applaud), but be aware that sometimes their people skills aren't the greatest and sometimes they aren't as speedy as you'd like them to be. No matter, the positives of giving people a job far outweigh the negatives!
4	Dude.Jensen = Salesmanship!I watched homeboy upsell the popcorn to 5 people. His pitch was on point and he almost got me, but he already got everybody else so I had no need.Promote this man because he's going far.
1	I won't complain about $11 ticket price, but when your theater has a broken chair and arm rests then we have an issue. I must have seen 3 broken chairs in 4 seat changes. and popcorn littered everywhere. I only go to Galaxy theaters to watch my movies, but Galaxy does not show some of the limited run movies. Regal usually has more of the foreign flicks. However its really unfair for big corporate movie theaters to get away with these types of services for charging way more than their competitors.I would highly recommend that you skip out on the movie theater and just wait for it on DVD or iTunes. Do not overpay for sub-par services.
5	Best day to come to watch movies. Cheap movie night. $6.00 what a deal at what movies cost regular days. cheap popcorn too, if you have a regal card you can get a small popcorn for $2.00 and you can earn rewards with that card on every purchase.I think they also have $2.00 hot dog or Nachos for the same price.Now days y I u have to find deals that offer you more for your money especially ent
4	This location is ideal for the wife and I to catch a movie, we can literally leave our house at the movie start time, buy tickets, concessions, take our seats and not miss any action.I will echo some of the frustration with the lines, but not nearly as much.  We have arrived for a 9 pm show with only 1 line open to buy tickets or concessions but there were 2 parties in front of us max....so if the theater was packed and the line was 3 deep across 7 stations, or empty and 3 deep across 1, isn't a big deal to us.  I'd take the latter because when we enter the theater we have plenty of room and aren't rubbing elbows with strangers.I will say that the customer service has been on point in the past.  We came to see a movie and the A/C wasn't up and running and everyone got a free movie pass upon exiting the theater.In my experience, the theaters, concession areas, and bathrooms have all been clean...and no issues with noisy or broken chairs.  One thing that is annoying is that the options at the concession stand aren't clearly laid out.  The screens are changing and flashing different options and it isn' always easy to compare the combo options.
2	I was really disappointed with my experience here at Regal Colonnade 14. I cannot complain about the price of tickets at this theater because it's about the same as anywhere else, however, when I pay $11 to watch a movie I want to watch the movie! My friend and I bought tickets to see Neighbors which was rated R so we had to present our IDs to prove that we were in fact old enough to view this movie. That's fine. We go inside to buy our concessions and present our tickets to a staff member and, again, must show our IDs.  That's fine. Then, halfway through our movie a member of staff comes to my friend and I and makes us search for IDs AGAIN in the dark theater during the showing. It seems a little excessive and unnecessary to interrupt the movie that we payed to watch so you can TRIPLE check our IDs. What's the deal? It was unprofessional and distracting to us and others in the theaters who had you obscure their view. I can't give this theater a good review because that was just ridiculous. I hope it doesn't happen to anyone else!
5	My favorite movie theater hands down! Never packed, great employees, good snacks and don't forget $6 Tuesday's with $2 hot dogs and $2 small popcorn. We try to get to this theater as often as we can.
3	I came here for the first time yesterday to see The Hundred-Foot Journey.  Our group was going to go elsewhere but we came here because of an earlier screening time than we had planned.The line became a bit long for buying tickets and they opened a second window which moved things along.  The staff were competent and friendly and we were told which direction to go to get to the correct theatre.The group of 7 or so found good seats together and they were comfortable.  I'd have liked a little more leg room, but I think the distances were pretty standard.  This is a could to Regal Village Square where I normally go.The sound and video quality were good.It was a good suggestion to come here and make an earlier screening time.
5	Love coming here because it's not too far from the bf's house AND its not in a casino or in some huge shopping complex where you have to park super far (Town Square).
3	Not bad at all, besides the prices. Theater appeared to be clean, staff was friendly, and we really enjoyed watching a movie with our kids. Prices are high, but that's typical.
5	What I love about this place is that it isn't attached to a big mall or casino.  It's tiny so it doesn't get very busy.  My husband and I go here all the time.  A little secret....this is the best place for new movies because not a lot of people come here so it doesn't get very crowded.
1	They have employees walk to the front of the theater, directly under the screen, while the film is playing, and turn on their flashlight. They did this twice during the showing of Calvary on 8/26/2014 during the 7:30 pm showing.Unsat.
4	One of my favorite theaters in town. I love the fact that I don't have to walk through a casino to see a movie. My favorite thing about the theatre is the ticket taker he is friendly and personable.
5	We went to see the Jason Bateman movie and the pop corn was fresh and soda was cold.  We really like the previews there was only four and quick.    We had a good time .
4	I realized I have a special fondness for this movie theater.  The Little Guy has only seen movies here - Superman, Planes, Planes: Fire & Rescue, and most recently, Big Hero 6.  The Little Gal saw her first two movies here too!During the summer, we actually went to the theater at South Point first to catch Planes: Fire & Rescue, but it was completely sold out.  We took a chance and came here and it was empty!  Less than 10 people at that showing and we loved it!  We didn't have to worry about the boys jumping around in their seats because they were so excited.Tuesdays are a great day to go as well for Regan Crown Club members because it's only $6!  They also have small popcorn for $2 (you can pay to upgrade) and $2 hotdogs on those days too!  Candy is $2 on Mondays for members as well.It's an older theater, but the seating is stadium-style, so there's no one ever blocking your view.  And the best part...you don't have to walk through a stinky casino to get to the theater! Yay!  Perfect for families!  Parking is a breeze and the ticket window is right there (not through the casino and up the escalator).  There is usually only one person working the ticket window, but it's a minimal wait.  And there are a few restaurants all in the same parking lot, so it makes it easier to grab food before or after the show.We don't go out to the movies very often these days, but when we do...Regal Colonnade 14 would probably be among our first choice!
3	Low marks because of its location, quite depressing but other than that it is ok.
