4	I had a good experience at this dental office, Dr Moon was great and her help staff are very understanding , caring and helpful, I had a long and painful procedure done and they were nothing but supportive, I feel like I made friends with Dr Moon and Victor.  They are a great team. I only gave them 4 stars because the reception staff didn't seem as friendly as the doctor staff, even though they do most of the customer service at that office , they need more improvement at making patients feel at ease.
5	When I went to Visit the dentist for the 1st time in 3 years, I was very reluctant as the previous dentist made me feel uncomfortable and it was painful. The whole experience left me with a feeling that I was not treated in the best possible manner;  Almost like one feels when they go to an auto mechanic. So when I saw the outside of the dentist office on a friend's referral I was very hesitant. This however all dissipated immediately when Dr. Moon treated me and my yuck mouth. She was very professional, nice and very comforting towards me. She explained everything she was doing and what she was going to do next. The best part of the experience I was in and out of there in no time. Dr Moon was very quick and efficient with my procedure. The staff all seem to work in unison with Dr. Moon. I will have to say it was one of the more pleasant experiences I have ever had with a dentist and it was largely due to Dr Moon and staff's professionalism.
4	Dr. Moon and Dr. Chambers are wonderful dentists. They listen and care about their patients. I had numerous crowns I needed and they educated me on the entire process and gave me their recommendation for the crown material that was the best (Z-Mac crowns, look it up.)  Also, Ian, one of the dental assistants was very patient and careful when he took my x-Rays and placed my temporary crowns. I also have to compliment Elsie, the Office Manager. When I was having problems with my dental insurance company, she called them to straighten it out. She was a sweetheart and without her help I would have paid much more for my crowns.I'm very happy with Discount Dental. They are REAL and they CARE. They are not like most of the other dentists in the Valley that give you attitude or rush you out the door and just want your money.  The only con is their location isn't in the best part of town but if you can get over that and you need a reasonably priced and caring dentist, I highly recommend Dr Moon and Dr Chambers!
