3	Went here with an unusal mix, 4 people over 60 and four kids 18, 16 12 &8.  The other couple was taking care and cooking for the 4 kids while parents were away.   The kids knew exactly what to order shrimp and ribs with a side.    The older ones like myself ordered steak, fish etc.   Frankly the food we ordered was mediocre but kids food looked great and they enjoyed it.Huge portions for ribs, shrimps, and sides.  Not so much for fish,steak pasta.Bottom line,  kids ordered so much food they had to take 1/2 of it home which may be a reflection of the cooking abilities of the couple we were with.
3	Warning: Do not order appetizers if you don't plan on bringing home a doggie bag.  The portions (ridiculously huge) are true-to-form for a restaurant from the deep south, where if you are not obese or overweight, you are the minority.I'm actually glad the food was only decent - this allowed me to control the urge to finish everything on my plate.  I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich - it took me a while to find it under the mountain of fries, but it was enjoyable.
3	Excellent ribs!  Very good for a chain resto.  Also get sweet potato fries instead of regular fries.
4	My husband and I go here often. The service is good and the food is always cooked properly. It is never outstanding but you can always assure you will have a well cooked meal with flavor.
3	I'm over it. I'm sick of people recommending this place just because it's one of the few reasonably priced steakhouses in Montreal that has a variety of foods on their menu. The service sucks. The wait sucks. The food is mediocre. The ambiance is lacking. The noise level is aggravating loud. Prices aren't even worth it! Extra star for the awesome fries, the only perk to this place.
4	Went for an early dinner in a party of 6 including one toddler. All of the adult meals were cooked well and served properly. The children's chicken fingers meal was bizarre - way too much dough and very greasy. My daughter didn't like it and frankly I didn't want her to eat it. That said, I eat the seared tuna dish at Baton Rouge restaurants regularly around the country, and this experience was as good as any.Server was not a very good communicator but it wasn't the end of the world. I will return, no problem.
4	Good food for a good price. The ribs are highly recommended.
3	I came here for adult beverages.   Service at the bar was amazing as was the atmosphere. Selection of alcohol was limited for a full bar, they could've had better selection of spirits and beer. The bar food was mediocre. Was hoping for better food in this type of establishment. My review is purely based on the bar experience and the bar food. I did not get a chance to eat from the full menu.
5	Baton Rouge is easily my favorite restaurant in Montreal! The food and the atmosphere are always great.
1	Baton Rouge, went for a lunch party with family. We were placed at the big table and arrived fairly early. Our table was the first to have our order taken. While waiting for the food we watched all of the tables around us getting their soups, followed by their meal. We received our soups and then more waiting.  The potato soup with cheese and bacon was good. Looking around it seems everyone else is working on their last bites. While the waitress was going around refilling water she didn't refill my side of the table, I guess because we were out of reach and couldn't be bothered to ask if we would like more.My mother was going to go talk to someone but I opted to go for her instead, she is way too intense. Told a waiter that we didn't get our food yet. He replies: "perfect, I'll let them know."I didn't like his response, I didn't think it was perfect that we had to wait 2 hours before we got our meal.I went to speak with the floor manager, let him know that we've been waiting. "Listen, we have 122 people to serve and we're trying to convenience everybody."I understand that but we did arrive early but waiting 2 hours is ridiculous. Your foods coming out now. It better be after 2 hours.My cousin who organized the event got his food just before us. Blows my mind how this place works.Received our Rib Sandwich, mine was alright but my gf kept picking out bones from hers.The waiter came over to apologize for the long wait, explaining how there's 120 people and all the chefs are freaking out. I was in the middle of writing all of this when he came over to apologize. He was cool and i dont blame him. No matter, I'm still angry it took that long and the manager would rather give an excuse then apologize. After everyone finished eating we got coffee. My mom went to put the milk in her coffee and it was a big lump. Expired milk with their coffee.
3	Decent food for a decent price. Won't hesitate when invited for a meal here. Or when choosing somewhere to eat with a group. It will usually satisfy most palettes within a group of people. Had the prime rib au jus. Did not disappoint.
1	It's not what it used to be. You're getting ripped off at Baton Rouge now. You're paying more money for less food (quality and quantity)! They try to fool you by putting less food in bigger dishes. They also go rid of the cheese bread. The ribs are smaller and have way less meat on those bones. Prices went up and i'm getting less. I don't think so....I'm done with them.
4	Great service! Busy Saturday and we were seated quickly. Food was delicious and drinks as well. Definately recommend !
4	I recommend the ribs!!!My favourite is the chicken and ribs combo with baked potato ... Yummy!!Very cozy atmosphere
