5	My absolute favorite taco shop. My brother and his high school friends got me hooked. It is a weird location, totally unexpected for good Mexican food. Filiberto's is a mile north, but this is definitely the place to go. New and definitely does not look authentic, but anything with steak is delicious! The only con is that it is not open 24/7.In short: Great Mexican food at a cheap price. Best taco shop in town.
5	Love this place.  I go once a week. It is the best of the "fast" Mexican food restaurants.  You will never go to X-bertos again. And to comment on the other reviewer, I have been here well over 20 times.  Never once had cold beans.
4	Good mexican fast food, filaberto's doesn't even compare
5	I seriously love Los Fav's- I eat there at least three times a week, usually at the Ellsworth and Main location but I've been to McQueen. Their beans are exceptional, especially when compared to Filiberto's. Another positive is that they ALWAYS get my order right, unlike the Filiberto's just down the road. My mom and I always get sides of guac and it always impresses. We usually call in and pick up so I don't have much to say about the "dining in" experience, but it's clean (but not in that "smells-like-Pine-Sol-and-ammonia" way) and pretty much looks like your standard taco shop.
3	I have found that this little taco shop has the best fish tacos and burritos in the area. Would recommend for those who enjoy tacos and breakfast burritos!
5	The best breakfast burrito period, this is the best Los favs in phx.
4	California carne asada burro! Nom nom nom nom. I eat here at least once/wk and the people are nice, the prices are fantastic and if they delivered to local businesses they'd get 5/5. They seem to have a staff that operates on a higher level than most fast food places & I haven't gone wrong w/ tacos and other burritos here either.
4	Los Favoritos has been my GO-TO place for breakfast burritos for years, but this new location has made it a lunch favorite too.The restaurant itself is simple inside. A dozen tables and an ordering counter make-up the dining area. The staff is super friendly. As for the food, it is consistently good. My group usually gets some combination of the rolled tacos, carne asada fries, California carne burrito, and beef taco w/ enchilada combo. They always come out fast, with your choice of red or green sauce (both are super tasty).Like I said before, the star of the show has to be the breakfast burrito. Nothing can beat the warm tortilla loaded with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and cheese. For the money, there is not a better value in town.
5	If there was an award for best breakfast burritos in the world, these guys win!
4	Pretty darn good! I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was spotless. I was promptly greeted by the cashier behind the counter. They have a picture menu to make the ordering process easier. I had the machaca plate for about $7 it was freshly made and served with a warm tortilla. The beans and rice were okay but were easily elevated with salsa. I'll be back here soon to sample the rest of the menu.
3	Order off the menu, its amazing if you do. If you ask for ANYTHING out of the ordinary, like no cheese (because your allergic) or guacamole CHECK CHECK CHECK before you leave, I hate sending things back, but with allergies it can't be helped.  I went back several dozen times (various times for dinner (My guy loves it), everything if ordered exactly as the menu was always good and everyone was always really happy, except those with special requests. I wouldnt have returned after the second time if my guy and his friends didnt love it, it was almost always my food they messed up or something that one of our friends was okay with having messed up. I think that the fact that there was always a language barrier (YES, always) makes it harder. So, great food. But I no longer go, and havent in more than a year because my guy had the same bad experience that I did, repeatedly. (They did get my order right, 3 times out of approximately 28-30 visits. Also the cashier would check and on 4 other occasions made the cook fix the screw up, but the other food got cold while I waited at their insistance because it wasnt done correctly to begin with.)~~~EDIT~~~Went last week after ages of not having been. everything I GOT was right, I had her check before I left. Though I was shorted 2 chicken tacos. I would have noticed but there were two wrapped tortillas for other meals and I thought they were the tacos. Its a disappointment. The food is so good, why can't they EVER get my food right.
5	Awesome little place! Been searching for a great place to get a breakfast burrito. Stopped in a got a ham burrito and was not disappointed. Great Prices and good food. Will go back to try California Carne Asada.
5	Found out about this place recently from Yelp and decided to check ti out. So far i've tried 6 items on the menu and the best so far is the Carne Asada Tacos and Chicken  Enchilada they are the bomb! . The salsa is so fresh you can taste everything.
4	I stated eating at the Los Favoritos in Chandler about 7 years ago. Since that time, I have visited just about every restaurant in the valley and have found them to be consistently good. As with any chain, every once and a while you will get a bad meal but overall I cannot recommend a better place to get a breakfast burrito anytime of the day! Yes, they do serve other food but I have limited myself to the rolled tacos and breakfast burritos which, by the way, are big enough to squelch my hunger most of the day. I recommend the chorizzo, but your tastes may vary.
2	The best shrimp cocktail I've ever had. Prices are very affordable. The rolled tacos were not good at all. My husband had a california burrito and was not impressed, it didn't even have french fries in it. I probably would not eat from here again.
4	I have eaten at this place just about every other week!  It is consistently great!  Fresh and ready to go when you get there to pick it up.  They are friendly and very efficient.  Love this place!!!!  Thank you!
4	Local run taco shop, fantastic food, clean restaurant and the employees are always so nice and friendly. Its also conveniently located for me so I love it. I try not to have Mexican food too often but when I crave it I love coming here.
4	The burritos are amazing.  I especially like the breakfast burritos, they never disappoint. The only thing that is stopping me from giving them a 5 star rating is how long it takes for you to get your food.
5	I absolutely love the breakfast burritos. Especially the ham egg and cheese with potato it never disappoints. The only drawback is the three sauce maximum on to go orders. I love me some red sauce!!
1	Normally I have a good experience, but today I got two sausages breakfast burritos with wheat tortillas. Upon getting home I realized both tortillas were covered with mold. When I confronted the "manager" he mentioned that he had seen some with mold on them but continued to use them anyway. I was disgusted beyond belief.
3	I didn't have a life changing experience like most people claim with my burro (rice, bean, & cheese) but I appreciate the fact that the hot carrots I ordered were actually hot and not watered down. I also ordered an horchata and the cashier handed me an empty cup and apparently I had to fill up my own ice then hand it back to her so she can fill it up? Thought that was a little weird.
5	I've been here more than 20 times and the experience is always good.  If you want breakfast burritos for dinner - no problem.  Just ask.  If you want the stuff in the tortilla on a plate and have them HOLD the tortilla - just ask.  It will be done.  All beans and no rice - done.   All rice and no beans - done.  Whatever - they just roll with it - "yeah we can do that".  Stand back and watch the family working with big pots of food and a flattop sizzling with seasoned meats and you know you're getting real food - freshly prepared - from recipes that have been around for a long time.  I've never had a bad meal here.  It's priced right, fresh, quick, and the people running the place smile, say hello and genuinely seem like they want you to have a good experience.  That's not always the case these days.  So I will keep going back.
5	Best California Carne Asada burrito in town! I used to go to Burrito Express, now I go to both lol. Mostly here though. Came here for the first time, only got a carne asada burrito, came back a few weeks later to try the California Carne Asada, AMAZING. Also the Carne Asada Fries, wayyyy better than Filibertos or Amados. Once a week type place!
4	I was in the area this afternoon and wanted a quick nibble...I knew there wouldn't be much around to eat so I hopped on Yelp to find something Los Fav and Subway were the only two things around... I wasn't sure if this was the same business as the Los Favs on Broadway near ASU main so I decided to check it out The lady that helped me with my order was very nice and knowledgable of the menu... Great enthusiasm! I walked in a looked at the menu, same business, so I ordered the daily special which consisted of (3) rolled tacos and a side of rice and beansI like how they have the red and green sauce in the squeezy tubes... For $4 it was a good amount of food and it was yummy If I am ever in the area again, which I highly doubt, I will stop by... :)
5	Hot sauce is amazing. The cashiers have always been nice and the food is great. I've been to a few of their other locations and while the food is consistently good between locations, the service here is excellent. It's also really clean, which I think everyone appreciates! They seem to be cleaning every time I come by....
5	The food is delicious here! Its one of the better Mexican fast/sit down places. The burritos are to die for and the staff does their job efficiently. It seems like every time I go in there there's always someone cleaning too. The price is not bad for the food you get. It's great take out. Its a place suitable for a family.
5	This place is great! I got the carne asada California and added bean and sour cream. It was a great burrito! Filibertos does not compare to this place. Go and find out for yourself. I dare you!
5	Living in Seattle makes me live this place so much more. It's my first stop when I get off the plane and almost every meal in between!
3	First time at Los Favritos for lunch today. Arrived at 3:00 PM on a Saturday and had the place to ourselves. There was WWF on tv, not exactly a digestive fit but whatever. My wife and I each ordered the #5 combo: two shredded beef tacos. They come with beans and rice. The beans were awful, right out of a can with zero flavor. I'll skip those next time. The rice was okay. My wife enjoyed her tacos but mine were very, very oily. It wasn't beef juice, it was oil from frying the shells. I had a size able pool of oil on my plate which killed my appetite. I also wish they had better liquid offerings. These guys are trying to upstage Filiberto's but will need to try a lot harder. Not even close. I had the burrito at another Favritos years ago and it was very good so I'll go that route next time I visit.
5	This place is awesome!  Go here all the time and carry as well. Love the tacos and churros.
5	Good food, good people! My whole family has been coming here for weekend breakfast burritos for years. Definitely better then some other places and you don't have to feel guilty eating here because it's not open 24hrs lol. (College logic) idk why I keep moving so far away from them but I come in almost every time I visit Gilbert!
1	Burritos are getting smaller and smaller. So sad because we've been going to los favs around town the past few years. One of the tackiest things now is they limit the hot sauce to 3 per burrito.  How cheap can you guys be? Wife and I laughed so hard that you are trying to limit the sauces. Its simply the cost of doing business.  If people abuse then make it a limit of 8 per item so u don't have to dump a bunch for no reason. Next thing you will do is take all the spoons napkins and salt/pepper and place them behind the counter....can I have some napkins?  Umm no sir those are 20cents each....next thing will be 75 cents for each debit card transaction.....our family will not return.  Thanks so much!
4	Best torta sandwich I've ever had!!Staff isn't very friendly, but the food is really good.Been back multiple times......YUM
2	Food is pretty good. Its kind of a late night teen hang out spot. This one chick that works there is really rude. She never smiles, never even says hello when you walk in, and I kind of think shes a bit racist? I am white.. never once is has she been nice to me. But my bff is of Mexican decent.. and shes always supper sweet to her. if you come in often, you know exactly who I'm talking. She should not be working in a place where you have to be face to face with people. Rude person.
4	Yummy enchiladas. I like this restaurant. I prefer to take out though because the dining room doesnt have a comfortable ambience. Delicious, quick, Mexican food though.
5	Can't say enough good stuff about this place. Clean, delicious, awesome people, always quality food. It's not really a sit down place but for to go mex food it's the best I've had.  We call this place the Taco Palace. Carne asada burritos and rolled tacos are amazing.
4	They are down the street from my place of employment; Eat here often. Great service and great food!
