4	Finally got to try the long-awaited Fuku goodness tonight! I wasn't all that hungry, so I just got a Tamago. My favorite Red Robin burger is the Royal because of the egg, so the Tamago fits my style. The meat was cooked perfectly and it had just the right amount of sauce to be juicy but not unmanageable. If this burger is any indication of Fuku's potential, then I cannot wait to try every item on their menu.Tonight was just one of a series of soft openings for this brand new burger truck. I'll be there on the 4th of July when they have their official debut.
2	After the success of Slider Trucks, its no surprise that more food trucks popped up. The Japanese inspired food truck delivers in creativity, but needs to work on execution. I went with the #1 Fuku Burger that costs $5. Its your traditional burger of tomatoes, lettuce, and onions, but with pickled garlic and their Fuku sauce. My first bite, I knew I wouldn't be a fan of it. First, the sauce drowned the entire burger, so you really couldn't taste anything else. The burger patty also had something in it, possibly the garlic that just obliterates the pallet where you can't even taste anything anymore. Lastly, they used a lot of salt, and I mean a lot of it. I'm not one to usually ding a place for using MSG or anything else that makes you thirsty, but I never EVER had to drink so much water after eating a meal. 4 full glasses of water last night and as I'm writing this review, drinking even more water. Ridiculous. For mentioning Yelp, I got the free flavored ice mountain. Mine was really a mountain, I think it was taller than the Stratosphere. Regular price is $3, which is pricey for literally shaved ice and artificial food flavorings. There wasn't anything special about this, but anything cold in the hot Vegas summer would be good. I didn't get a chance to try the garlic fries because they ran out. Forgivable? Yes. However, its not a good sign especially for a grand opening.The wait time for the food is similar to Slider Truck, but I would say Fuku is slightly faster. For a decent size line, expect a 5 minute wait. Then expect another 10 - 15 minutes for your food. Definitely not a place to grab a quick bite.Again, I'll say the same thing as I did for Slider Truck as a suggestion for this place. Be considerate about how you communicate with your customers, whether its food shortages, locations, or any important information. Remember that not everyone has access to internet all the time. I give this place credit for being creative, but at the end of the day the food just didn't work. There is a lot of room for improvement and I'm willing to try this place again in the future if its around my area. Otherwise, its not worth driving and hunting for this place with so many other venerable burger places in town.
3	I believe Fukuburger has a lot of potential.  Like many others I attended the grand opening of the Fukuburger Truck on July 4th.  I love the creativity that went into creating a menu that put together Japanese ingredients and the American burger.  I like how each burger has one unique ingredient that makes me want to try the entire menu.  Fukuburger is on the right track, they just have some fine tuning to do.  I had myself the #5 Karai (burger with cucumber, lettuce, avocado cream, spicy mayo) while my friend had the #2 Tamago (burger with fried egg, onion strings, teriyaki and furikake).  We also shared a side of macaroni salad topped with furikake.  The Karai had some good flavors going for it; when you got lots of sauce in that bite.  Take one bite of the burger alone and you have yourself a mouthful of salty beef.  I'm not sure what seasoning was used but it certainly felt full of sodium.  The Tamago also had some saltiness issues, but had a great flavor mix going on with the yolk of the fried egg.  The mac salad was...mac salad.  It didn't disappoint but didn't make my taste buds explode either.Two burgers, a mac salad, and a bottle of water came out to $15; which would normally be fine, as there are other burger places in town where you can expect to spend at least $10 per person.  The thing with Fukuburger, though, is that $15 and a couple burgers later, my friend and I were still ready to eat more.  Larger than a slider, but smaller than a Kilroy's burger, a Fukuburger sits in the weight class where you want to have a side of fries to leave your stomach satisfied.As is, I might could see myself stopping by Fukuburger again if it's nearby and I really want a burger.  And I'll probably be doing just that, with the hopes that the recipes are fine tuned and the pricing is adjusted (either lower by a dollar or so, or maybe serve larger burgers).  I'm hopeful that Fukuburger will improve as time goes on.
3	The Skinny: fusion Asian burgers that are interesting but need some work, kakigori was really nice in the oppressive Vegas heat (get Lime flavour by the way) (3) Service - pretty friendly staff who are eager to show you how to open up Ramune bottles (3.5), Value - not too shabby given the quality for a food truck (3).My hubby and I joined the line of Yelperazzi for their grand opening July 4th. The kakigori (snowcone) was welcome while we waited for the truck to warm up the grill. I haven't had a snowcone in years but it certainly brought back childhood memories.Although we weren't able to sample the fries from a deep-frier malfunction, we were able to taste the tamago (egg) burger and the kinoko (mushroom) burger.The burgers themselves were a tasty mouthful however I did have some complaints. Although I really like the flavouring of the patties (reminescent of korean bbq), it did suffer from overseasoning. The patties had a mite too much char on it for my taste. The Kinoko burger could have used some more mushroom on it as well.Overall, a pretty nice experience - will try it again if it's in the area. However, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to grab another burger.
4	I'm not ready to upgrade my star rating to 11 yet, but I wanted to add to my review. I eventually made it out to the 4th of July grand opening, but not until about 11pm. By that time, they finally figured out the fryer issue. Somehow, Colin recognized me from Yelp, so he offered me a complimentary Katsu burger (made possible by the now working fryer). To be honest, I don't like Katsu. I usually find it to be dry and lacking flavor. Fortunately, Fuku's Katsu burger is the exact opposite - juicy and tender, and none of that oily yucky after effect. It also has their wasabi mayo, which adds an extra dimension to the sandwich.Full disclosure: I am friends with the wife of one of the owners. However, I only met him for the first time tonight. In any case, my opinions are based on what I really think of the food. I truly enjoy it, but as others have said, they are brand new to the scene and can only improve. (I saw today on Twitter that they are dropping the prices of all the burgers to $5 even).On a final note, I really like their concept. Both of them are soon-to-be former Tao employees. They aim to cater to industry workers and that late night on-my-way-to-being-hung-over crowd. In that sense, they're not really competing with Slider Truck. There's definitely room in this town for two good mobile burger options.
4	Fuk U!  Exactly!  Because that's my reaction after my first bite of this delectable greasy morsel of deliciousness.  The burger had a teriyaki sweetness to it.  I would classify it as a "tweener" burger not even a normal-size burger.  With that said, I'm getting half a bang for my buck but that's why you pay for hamburger meat that's grinded fresh everyday.  With my last bite about to be devoured....the echo of me yelling NOOOOOOOO in slow motion because I unfortunately made the HUGE mistake of eating my Tamago Burger standing up as the runny egg yolk was dripping down on my new pairs of kicks!  Grrrrrr!!!  Anyhoo....creative menu with an occasional special and it just works.  So keep it going Mr. Colin Fuku and the crew.  Pick up your FukUBurger up in Chinatown next to BofA for now.  Otherwise if you don't than your Fuk'd!
5	Did I just get FUKUd Up???What can I say that hasn't been said, this place is amazing, the Burgers are INSANE, the fries are hella good, and if you mention Yelp you get some free shaved ice!!!I had the Tamago (egg burger) and Buta Burger (bacon burger), both were amazing, but my nod goes to the Buta Burger...everything is better with BACON!!!The fries were great, and the shaved ice was a nice final touch.A friend I went with had the Naga Dog, and needless to say I will be having one of there next time, it looked amazing.The guys who run the truck are hella friendly, and they are getting settled into their location, it's kind of nice to have them in the same spot most nights so you don't have to hunt them down like you do the slider truck.$5 a burger seems like a pretty solid price and after 2 burgers and fries I was stuffed, (well there's always room for shaved ice).I have already made 2 of my friends Fukuheads, and I will be stopping in a few more times!!!Let's get Fukud Up!!!
5	Finally got a chance to try Fukuburger tonight, and boy am I glad.  This guy has a huge passion for his burgers and gave me his story without me even asking.  In this economy, if you can get out there and meet your customers and they can get a better feeling what you're all about, they'll tip more and return more often.  That's my case, at least.  I got a burger and the fries for $7 and gave him more than that.  I got a free "jelly" or something for the tip, which I'm scared to try.The burger was delicious.  Reminder me of Unami in LA.  I downed my burger in 2 seconds flat.  The fries were good, but not great, but the dipping sauces make up for it.  On top of that, this place does the late night hours, so I came out at like 2am and they were going strong.  Awesome party vibe going on out front the truck.  It's a trip.
4	I  kept hearing about this Fuku burger truck.  Finally decided to try it tonight.  So glad I did.  The burger was DELICIOUS! I'm not much of a burger eater, but THIS burger was awesome.  One of the owners Colin Fukunaga came over to our car shook our hands and started talking to us, telling us the story of why they do what they do and how they do it.  When he finally walked away we all dug into our food.  OMG the flavor in this burger was insane.  Definitely nothing I've tried before.  Thing I hate most is eating outside and in the heat, but this burger was worth eating outside out of the back of my friend's car and in the heat.  I had the Tamago Burger which is the burger with a fried egg, crispy onion strings, topped with teriyaki & something else I can't read it off the menu. One of my friends had the Naga dog which is a spicy link topped with home-made pickled daikon relish and grilled kim chee. Drizzled with wasabi mayo and kabayaki sauces then finished with hari nori.  Colin said it's like the Jap dog in Vancouver.  Makes me miss Vancouver lol.  My other friend Jas had Buta-burger.  Apple wood smoked bacon, american cheese, pickled ginger, + Japanese bbq sauce. All of it was mouthwatering.  For a girl that can't sit in a dirty restaurant and eat (cuz we all know the dirtier the restaurant the better the food) , questioning whether these trucks are clean enough to not give me tummy rumbles...this truck gets two thumbs up from me.
5	I stopped by Fuku tonight on my way home and invented a new delicacy.It's the Hakujin, it's the Buta Burger(miso bacon cheese burger) with a fried egg on top, actually is should be ordered as the Fat Hakujin which is a Buta Burger with 2 patties, and a fried egg, it's what I ordered tonight, and will without a doubt be ordering again...trust me it's amazing!!!If you check out Fuku please order a Fat Hakujin, or atleast a Hakujin, you won't be disappointed, because it's FUKUing AMAZING!!!
4	To top my burger raging frenzy, i had to try fuku burger and it turned out BOMB DIGITY.  Came here with my cousins late night and ordered the Tamago, Kinoki? i think(mushroom), and the fukuburger.  All 3 were pretty amazing but if i had to rank them itd be 1.) Tamago2.) Fuku3.) Mushroom oneThe fries were also very tasty and comes with a garlic togarashi seasoning, ketchup and some other white dipping sauce (dont be perverted now).The strawberry lemonade was also delicious and hits the spot in this heat.For my negatives, itd prolly be the size of the fries, the burgers were good but my tomago was a little messy and the egg yolk broke before i even bit into it.  Even though itd break anyways, just saying that it'd be nice for the yolk not to get all soaked up in my bun right away.  Other than that, the price was decent and service was friendly.Will definitely come back...many many many times.
5	Living in Las Vegas, we are blessed to have some magnificent weather.  Sure it may get hot during the day in the summer but when night rolls around, being outside is simply majestic.  Why not then, combine the social aspects of dining with the wonderful atmosphere that a desert summer night can provide?  Well the guys behind the Fukuburger truck have done just that.  Not only have they created a social atmosphere unlike anything else in Vegas, they have created a menu that doesn't suffer one iota from the limitations that a mobile kitchen can create.Setting up shop in a non-descript parking lot in Chinatown on Spring Mountain, the truck may be small but packs a hell of a culinary punch.  After meeting one of the owners Colin, he walked me through the menu and explained all the ingredients are made from scratch and sourced from local Asian markets.  Everything he showed me looked and sounded great so I asked him what his favorite was and he said the Tamago Burger.  Never one to shy from a good recommendation, I ordered that with some of their garlic fries that come with an Asian inspired aioli sauce.  As I waited for my food to be prepared, the stream of people coming and ordering their dinner was non-stop.  Patrons were also pulling up their cars, playing music, drinking beers they brought and the whole atmosphere reminded me of a tailgate if it was hipsters running the show and not jocks.  It then donned on me that Fukuburger had really captured something awesome.  Food at the end of the day is food, some is better than others.  What truly makes a place special is if they pair their food with an atmosphere that does the food justice.  For some spots that mine mean white table clothes and an ocean view.  For others, that might mean nothing more than the American look of greasy spoon and for Funkuburger, it was the energy of Chinatown and Las Vegas and the desert warmth.  I devoured my food as soon as it was prepared and enjoyed the complex flavors that the Asian/burger fusion provided.  The guys behind Fukuburger have really explored their Asian roots and let their imaginations run wild with their creations.  The Tamago Burger I got had an egg, onion straws and the meat was marinated in Teriyaki and other spices of the Orient.  A nice treat for this Jewish boy.  The fries were good too, nothing that will set the world on fire but they certainly complemented the burger nicely.  The prices are very reasonable (think 7-8 bucks a person) and the service very friendly and accommodating.  In the end, I came for the food and stayed for the atmosphere.  I cant wait to come back and visit the Asian-inspired tailgate party that captures the true essence of social dining.I hate gushing but they had me at Fuku....
5	Caught the Fukuburger truck tonight in Chinatown.  I was tweeting the location (behind Bank of America and across the street from Pho Kim Long) to a friend and this is the response I got "fuku burger and pho kim long... love to say those names fast. play on words and sounds like porn stores! good food though".The staff is personable and friendly.  I received several un-necessary apologies for the wait (they were maybe a dozen or so customers hanging out) and for not having my food wrapped to go (that was entirely my fault because I didnt know they could wrap stuff up to go).The menu is short (6 different burgers and a hot dog, strawberry lemonade, shave ice, french fries and mac salad... i think thats it).I ordered the Tamago (Fuku patty with a fried egg, crispy onion strings and a nice sprinkling of furikake) and my boyfriend ordered 2 Karais (spicy burger with yummy seasoned cucumbers) thinking (for some reason) they were spicy chicken sandwiches. Maybe because it was next to the Chicken Katsu burger? I don't know. I also ordered fries and a strawberry lemonade.OMG.The burgers were hot, juicy and delicious. The lemonade refreshing but not overly sweet.  The french fries had a yummy seasoning and were served with 2 different dipping sauces (some kind of creamy one and another sweet and sour type sauce).My boyfriend is an unofficial burger snob and he was impressed by the flavors and by the fact that this "fast-food" truck didnt overcook his patty...they weren't even taking temperatures...just cooking them a yummy medium/medium-well.Bottom Line:Hot, juicy burgers with a Japanese twist from a trendy food truck. Bring your own seating or do what we did and take it home.  At $5 a pop we are definitely finding this truck again. Oh... AND they're open 8pm until Late... a definite plus plus for us (since we usually don't get out of work until 12 or 1 am).
4	I've been here with my bf about 4 times already and we've tried 4 different burgers so far, just 3 more things to try. I guess my only complaint would be that their last westside wednesday sucked. First of all, they said they were gonna be their at 6, so we got there at about 6:30, but they weren't there. We asked the Red Handed Tattoo people when they'd be there and they said 7, so we waited and they still weren't there at 7! We ended up calling the truck and they said they were running late and would be there at 8. That STILL didn't happen. They ended up coming at almost 9. We waited for almost 3 hours. They could've at least twittered something about being late... It was our first time ever going to the truck and it wasn't making that great of an impression on us. That was...until we tried the burgers ;) The burgers turned out frowns upside down cuz it was definitely worth the wait. Since it was already 10pm when we finished our burgers we decided to drive around and come back at like midnight since they were suppose to have people break dancing. We came back and people were barely breaking; They'd kinda just keep going and doing random tricks. The music was horrible too; I wish I would've just gone up and plugged in my mp3. They would keep changing the volume of the music and keep changing songs because there was nothing good on their ipod. We kept staying longer cuz we thought something good was going to happen, but it was already 1am and no one was really breaking, so we just left. I'm sure Wednesdays will get better for them once they start getting more popular though. They're pretty quick with the output of their orders for the most part. We've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for our food, but I've seen some people that have. Just the other day we went here with a few friends and they ordered about 10 minutes before us, but we ended up getting our food like 30 minutes before they got theirs! I didn't really understand what happened, but they were given FREE strawberry lemonade and FREE shaved ice for waiting so long. I think that was a pretty good recovery. I really love the Tamago burger, it has egg in it which I LOVE in my burgers. The fries and mac salad are bomb as well. Sometime they put too much seasoning on their mac salad though, so you gotta make sure to really mix it in. We're pretty fond of this truck because it's a pretty laid back place to eat and they're open late! After eating the same ol' graveyard specials all the time, of course you're gonna love something new like this.
4	i love how this place reminds me of cali or PI, just chillin with good food and good company with good conversation on a stoop or lawn chairs. the food here is really good. i got the "mushroom burger", it was yummy. but it was really plain compared to what my boyfriend got. i ordered him the "egg burger". holy shiz, that was delicious. but you know what would be even better?? if they combined the egg burger WITH the mushroom burger. yumms. also you need to order the fries, i like the way their seasoned. it comes with banana ketchup and this amazing sauce, its like yumyum sauce or something like that. but i think they mix some crack in it or something, because it is delicious. it is a food truck, so you need to bring your own chair or park your car close tot he truck so you can chill there with some music, or just come with a lot of friends so you can conversate because the wait for the food is a while... just because there are SO many people there. but they try their hardest to get the food out asap. make sure to tip them too, because the "tip jelly" is yummy.
5	Katsu burger and tamago burger.. Hands down the best.. They are open late and service is great.. $5 burgers can't be beat..
5	I was able to try the FUKU truck on the night of 8/14/10. I was leaving club XS and my friends who live in Vegas told me about this truck and told me I had to try it. So they picked me and my friends up and we went down Spring Mountain right across the street from Pho Kim Long (Loan?) right next to the BofA. It was about 430am and the guys were closing up for the night but they stayed open to make my order. I ordered the #3 with an extra patty and an egg on top. Some customer guy there recommended it and referred to it as the Hakujin but the guys that worked there called it the "fat whiteboy". It was so damn good. It was soaked in the sauce and got everywhere and the burger was so tall I couldnt fit it in my mouth and I'm a big boy. Honestly, I needed a fork and knife to eat it properly. The guys that worked there were pleasant, the food was good and YOU GOTTA TRY THEIR GARLIC FRIES with "Crack sauce"! It was the ideal addition to the burger. A definite must have! I think I'm gonna make it a routine stop each time I go to Vegas. Try it, you wont regret it BUT you gotta be able to get down and dirty cause if it dont get all over the place it dont belong in your face!
5	OK. I said I would provide a final review update once I've gone through the entire FUKU menu. That occurred last Friday, but I've been slacking. So here it is in all its anticlimactic glory.I must say that I've really become a FUKU fan over the past few weeks. They seem to have really hit their stride. Some of their burgers aren't quite as good as others. But that's not because they're bad. They're all bloody good! They're just not as super fuku awesome as my two faves: the Tamago and the Katsu.And now they're doing secret menus?!? Just tonight, they posted on Twitter that they are doing Fuku-Moco, for one night only. I'm missing out! Last week, someone messaged me on Twitter that I need to try the "Fat Hakujin." It's apparently a double Buta (bacon) burger with egg. I had a double Buta once and it kicked my butt. In any case, I think I'd rather get a single Buta with egg. I want to be able to savor all of the ingredients and not be overwhelmed with their beef patties (as good as they are).Seriously. Whenever someone suggests or even hints at going to Fukuburger, I get totally psyched. It's become pretty much a weekly thing.GET LUCKY!
4	I finally tried my first food truck in Vegas!  After hopping around food carts in Portland for half a week, this was still on the brain.  I knew Fukuburger would be near where I was, so I made the trip over and told them I was a first timer :)  I got the karai (spicy) with "extra spicy" and mentioned I am a Texan.  I also gave a lil YEEHAW!  So when my burger was ready, they called out YEEHAW!!!!  Strawberry lemonade was soooo good.  I am not usually one to order sweet drinks, but I enjoyed this a lot, savoring it til I got home after a 15 min drive.The burger itself was tasty, a nice size.  Loved the fresh cucumbers, and it had a zing, but I never found or tasted the avocado.  The guy behind me had just arrived in moving truck to Vegas from my hometown Houston, so we started chatting.  He ordered the tamago burger, my next choice when I get to Fukuburger again, and scarfed it down and his side of fries faster than me.  It is probably because I talked more than I ate though.  I tend to do that!  Anyway, the guy taking orders overheard me say I Yelped to my new line-friend, and said Yelpers are hard to please.  I told him if he had napkins, then I am easy to please.  Anyway, they had some special burgers for $1 more to check out too.*Note: While I came prepared with cash, they surprisingly take credit cards.  The people who did pay that way got called out though - they yell CREDIT CARD!!!!! when the request to pay that way is made :)
4	Tried it for the first time last night and was impressed with the food and the atosphere. Music pumping, people hanging out it was a great time. I had the Kinoko and loved all of the flavors in it. I will travel to spring mtn. again just for a FUKUBURGER!!
5	So, between FB, Twitter, Yelp & friends I had heard a LOT of buzz about the Fuku Burger truck, and the Slider Truck. Slider Truck was off on Sunday, and I was more interested in the sake kobe burgers from Fuku anyway. We found the truck by B of A in Chinatown. Nice little group formed around it, sitting on misc. outdoor furniture & upside down 5 gallon buckets. Between the 3 of us we got the Spicy Burger, Lucky Burger & Egg Burger, fries & a Naga Dog to share. All the burgers were delicious, my favorite being the Spicy. The fries were good, and came with an interesting sauce, possibly a ginger miso type thing? But the Naga Dog was B
5	Who hunted down the FUKUburger truck 3 times in one week (back to back to back nights)? ME. That's who.A couple weeks later we popped a couple or our friends' FUKUcherries when I ordered food to go to enjoy while watching UFC118 at their home...Review Time:Since my first FUKU experience I have discovered that the mystery sauces with the french fries were banana ketchup and sweet chili mayo. For the record, I'm an American-born Filipino.  Banana ketchup isn't new to me, however I never touched the stuff growing up (I hated all things ketchup...long story).  Funny how sometimes its better not to ask.... I digress.I tried a few new things.NAGA DOG: my new favorite. Serious.  Its a hot link (that I think is deep-fried...but its probably cooked on a flat top) with grilled kim chee, daikon relish, wasabi mayo (?) and some kind of habanero teriyaki-type sauce. OMG. delicious.FUKU MOCO: not bad for $5. Heap of rice topped with a FUKU patty, a fried egg and smothered in garlicky brown gravy.  I think I remember reading it coming with some kind of bonito flake but since I took mine to go it probably melted into my food.  Anywho, kind of heavy so itd be a good hangover preventer ;)CHICKEN KATSU SANDWICH: Oh my.  This sandwich is simple yet delicious.  Perfectly breaded with a nice crunch, juicy, and perfectly seasoned chicken breast.  Shredded cabbage and a little of the not-so-secret-anymore chili mayo. YUM. There may be a little katsu sauce also, but with the food from this truck you kind of dont have time to stop and think... you just eat bite after bite and think, "damn. why is this SO good?!"I have yet to try the Buta Burger, the Kinoko and the original Fuku burger.Until next time!!! (Don't forget to TIP JELLY!)PS**i got a free bumper sticker :)) so excited. no joke.
3	Fuk dat!  Unfortunately for right now I'm going with a No-No-No Naga *finger wagging* on the Naga Dog until the Fuku crew STOP over cooking the link on the flat top.  All the toppings work very well especially the daikon relish!  But, this sad looking hot link forgot to apply its sunscreen and has got major sunburn everywhere and is peeling.  Yikes!  On a positive note, the miso glazey Butaburger with an over easy fried egg (which I requested since it's usually fried over medium) AKA The Hakujin is a perfect combination that works really well.  If your eating this standing up, get in the patented Philly hunch or you could get Fuk'd.  Your stain free fresh kicks and designer jeans will thank ya later!  My suggestion is to order your burger medium or you could get Fuk'd with a well doner!I can mos definitely appreciate the quality of the ingredients that are used but the execution of overcooking needs some improvement to be a consistent product!  2 stars for the burnt Naga Dog!4 stars for the tasty Hakujin Burger!Next on my to-do list is the Chicken Katsu Burger.  Sounds so plain jane...doesn't it need a new name or what?
4	Had the Buta Burger, Chicken Katsu Sammie, Naga Dog, fries and the Mac Salad!  EVERYTHING WAS YUMMY!  Hubster's fav was the Chicken Katsu Sammie and mine was the Naga Dog and Mac Salad!  I got Tip Jelly, too!
4	Fukuburger lives up to all the buzz.  The experience brings me back to Asia: lining up outside for food in the heat, people eating on pavement sitting on makeshift seating out of pails, etc.  It's like one big tailgate.My favorite is the Pig Burger though the Mushroom Burger was waaayyyyy too salty. The Naga dog was an experience...a little kick, a little stink (probably from the daikon and kimchee).These guys work hard so hope they make it!!
4	Good grubbin.  Has the buta and fries.  TIP JELLY!  Gotta try more of the menu, happy they set up shop close to the house.
4	So driving home from Hendo we start to get a bit hungry and roll into Chinatown with the intention of a rice plate pick-up. Then I saw the fuku truck so we made a fast u-turn. The BF and I sharedKatsu- this is pretty good and surprisingly held crispy til we got home. I think this was the favorite.Buta- good but now that I've seen Chris M. 's review with his Hakujin concoction ( buta with an egg. Or fat hakujin which is a double patty), I agree the egg would level up this burger.Naga Dog- the hot link was crisp and had a light char but wasn't "zombiefied" (which I was concerned about while browsing recent reviews while in line). I think the flavors are good, but this does not carry well to-go since the sauce sogs up the bun fast. One random note- when I got into the car my boyfriend goes "ew, did you fart?!!" No I didnt do it!! It was the Naga dogs smell- seaweed gets this scent when it gets warm. Haha.And don't forget your tip jelly!  I would be curious to try the rest to get my final opinion, but so far- pretty decent.
4	this is more of a 4.5 place for me. (: I was in Vegas one weekend and my cousin kept talking about this place and how often she goes so the whole day she was saying we were gonna go there & finally me, my cousin, and about 10 other people went to this food truck.. I dont even remember what burger I got, but it was goooood. It had egg, a patty of course, i think onion rings or something.. haha. but i enjoyed it. The staff, well the guy at the front, the owner, was very very friendly. He knows what he's doing and he knows how to treat his customers to make them want to come back. He was also very sweet to my niece who kept asking for jelly, which he gives out when they get a tip & he was kind enough to give her more when she asked. the only negative, is that the food is really greasy, but it's a food truck, what are people suppose to expect. I liked it a lot, I'll be sure to come back when I go back to vegas.
5	Fuku!fuku!fuku! Mahalo to mags fir taking time out to talk story with us on Thursday night! The food us bomb guys, there's no denying how tasty everything was. The tamago was sick but the fuku moco was so Ono!! The naga dog is also a tasty late night  concoction of sweet spicy meaty and greAsy!! See you crazy fukus soon!
2	i've had better burgers & other foods from food trucks (i.e. Kogi, Grill Em All) than Fukuburger.
4	OOohhh. Can't wait to be back for another! For $5 i got me a nice, juicy(greasy) burger. A Fuku Burger!! The burger was made fresh to order and the truck and crowd are enough to look at and entertain someone to pass up the wait. The burger melted in my mouth, and don't think I didn't notice the geniusly placed shreds of ginger! I would get this again, but I think it is a rule to try something new next time.. I wish I had not tried their fries, I thought they would be as amazing and unique as their burgers... as for garlic fries, they were just fries. No garlic-y flavor, perhaps they forgot? Nothing wrong with that, they just were just fries. But I know this will not keep me from returning. Catch them on their blog... but from my knowledge they are usually posted near the Bank of America on Spring Mtn. Until next time...
5	I love this truck so much I was surprised I hadn't written my review yet.  The tamago & karai burgers are amazing.  I love that they are late night, but I wish they were open during the day so they could feed my cravings.
4	What what is all this crazy around these food trucks?? What makes a burger truck any better than a chain fast food burger joint?? I guess it's the Asian Fusion of the burgers? Or the crowd of kids that hang out in the parking lot making it the "cool" thing to do? I don't know, but I had to go see.It wasn't smart of me to go to Serendipity for a huge sundae before hitting up a food truck though. *note to self*Okay, so its Westside Wednesdays! So we found the truck parked in front of the RedHand Tattoo joint. 6 burgers to choose from..and some typical asian snacks. Me and the bf go for the #2 (something about an overeasy egg in a burger makes things better) and a #5... a spicy habanero burger. Also saw a flyer for some garlic fries and strawberry lemonade. I'm sold! So the 4 items came to $14. Good deal! Wanted to leave a tip forthe jelly, but I don't like that jelly stuff. Next time...! Just so they can all shout "tip jelly!"So stood there a couple minutes and we got our food. Walked back to our car to enjoy the new discoveries. It was a bit messy.. but finger licking goodness!The verdict on the food itself? YUMM!! Well, one thing that bugged me was the bun. It seemed like a super cheapy store bought massive quantity burger bun. But I didn't expect much. The burgers themselves though, were awesome! The blend of flavors worked so well. I preferred the #2 over the #5 (can't remember the names, but there's a photo of the menu somewhere here...). The dip for the garlic fries was good, and the seasoning on the fries were good. Didn't care for the lemonade though, somewhat tart and kinda watery.So this marks the beginning of the food truck journey for me. Maybe I will return to Fuku Burger, but not til I have tried them all!
3	pretty good.  a bit pricey for burgers on wheels.  i prefer the slider truck.  didn't think my burger was all that tasty, neither were the buns.  loud hip hop music, might steer away avg foodie type folks.
4	Fuku-ing delish!My sister has been raving about Fukuburger for months now and swearing to drag me to it whenever I was back in Vegas. Needless to say, I had my first taste this weekend and I am definitely a fan. When you walk up, there's music blazing. The staff that took our order were standing on buckets- three girls all taking one order, but being very "asian" in the perky, happy, kind of way. When my sister and I tipped, they screamed, "tip jelly" and offered a bucket of jelly candies from which you could pick one. It's a little scary on a drunken night with no forewarning, but lively, nonetheless. It must keep folks entertained when the crowds swarm. Luckily for us, we either just missed a crowd or just beat one because we didn't wait for long. They have 6 offerings, 5 burgers and 1 chicken katsu, as well as specials, one of which was the naga-dog. I ordered the karai (spicy burger). My boyfriend ordered the buta (pig burger). My sister went for the naga dog. (We had two others with us, but I was drunk and didn't bother asking them what they got.)We all ordered fries with our food and took our bags of foil-wrapped goodies back to my sister's place to chow down on the living room floor. I'll be honest, the use of pickled ginger worried me but it's a well-planned, inspiring addition to the list of burger condiments. All of the food was delicious- traditional enough to still be a straight up good burger, but inspired enough with fusion flavorings to be noticed and appreciate. In fact, it was so good, we were all pissed off that we inhaled everything so quickly. Prices are reasonable, $5 per burger. I think I could go for them being a bit bigger... or I could just not be dumb and order more than one? The fries portion, however, could definitely be bumped up. I barely ate three with the delicious sauce and realized my basket was almost empty!
4	We were on our way to dinner when we passed the Fuku truck.  We decided to just skip dinner and try the truck that everyone raves about!  The burgers here are asian inspired - this truck has a really great gimmick which is probably why they are so successful!    Upon arrival, we had a guy come up to take our order.  He took the time to explain what was in each of the burgers even though they were super busy.  I thought that was really nice.We ended up getting the Tamago Burger and the Spicy Burger with fries on the side.  The Tamago burger had egg in it.  Flavors were awesome!  It was super super messy though - the yolk of the egg made the burger pretty soggy quickly.  I would actually prefer if they cooked the egg a little more just so it would be less soggy (it was hard to eat it standing up!).  The Spicy Burger wasn't too spicy - I would probably get this one again if we came back.  The flavors were tasty!  The fries were pretty standard, but they came with wasabi mayo that made it taste pretty good.The prices were slightly high for what you get.  The burgers were really small!  I feel like they should be bigger.  We ended up paying like 20 bucks for our whole meal (including drinks and extra cheese).  Originally the bill came out to 16 bucks, we tipped a buck, but when I checked my bank statement we were charged 20 =(.  Not cool.  It might have been an honest mistake because it is hectic there.  Next time we go I'll be sure we pay only cash.  Besides that upset,  I guess it's the whole experience you pay for though - it is fun when your with your friends and definitely a cool thing to do.  I'd come back again for a late night snack but would probably go to a sit down place with similar specialty burgers that would fill me up more for dinner.
4	Kinoko!Fu burger? whatt? i totally mispronounced the name of this truck and now it all makes sense to me. yummy!wow ive been missing out....Had the burger for the first time and i made sure i was there early to miss the long line. It was worth the 10 minute wait! A medium cooked beef with ginger and mushrooms was like an explosion in my mouth:o Burger was not big but not too small so if you have the appetite for 2 the more the merrier:) Im also gonna praise them for the way they cook their meat, its not overcooked and it comes out nice and juicy with a little bit of pink. try it!! definitely coming back there every Thursday to try the rest of the menu. they have like 6 different burgers, furikake macaroni, jelly!  oh yea Awesome fries. The guys that were working here were great, after eating here for the first time I think im gonna be a regular.
3	I love your burgers, just have some advice for what it's worth.My wife had the mushroom burger, she loved it.  I had  the egg burger.  What I didn't know was that if I take a bite into the burger since the egg is cooked over easy, i spewed yolk everywhere...and if i didnt it will just dribble down.  Maybe a good idea at least for that burger to wrap it in some kind of a waxy paper or something?  like a half burger wrap...also my wife noticed (after eating half) that her burger was a bit red..while i like  that medium kind of meat, she doesnt.  do you guys cook the meat well done if asked?lastly love the fries, but can't they be a little larger in size?  and maybe instead of automatically giving 2 diff sauces, ketchup and honey mustard, ask which sauce the person wants in those 2 cups.again, love the burgers, just some advice from my perspective :)
4	I have been wanting to go to Fukuburger for quite some time now, and was very excited when a fellow friend suggested we get dinner here.  After a long day of studying, it was the best decision I'd made all day to go to Fukuburger.  The scene this day was very busy, the parking lot mirroring a scene from Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift or something.  Whatever it was, I definitely felt out of place in my jeep wrangler.  The line was pretty long, but went by relatively fast.  There were a lot of young people there, looked like high schoolers, I assume an open parking lot with food was their version of a party or something.  After getting my food, though, I noticed why they were all hanging out. The food is really damn good.  I ordered the Buta Burger and Togarashi Fries, my friend got the Spicy Karai Burger, and we both got a Naga Dog.  The Buta Burger was topped with applewood smoked bacon, pickled ginger, cheddar cheese, onions, and japanese bbq sauce: "you had me at applewood smoked bacon".  The whole burger worked perfect together.  I loved the texture the burger itself had, I love the japanese bbq sauce, and i love the combo of the pickled ginger and red onions.  Everything was great.  The togarashi fries were also really good.  A little hint of spice and served with some special sauce and ketchup, and the fries themselves were nice and crispy.  The Naga Dog was also very good.  The hot dog itself was pretty big, and was very crisp in texture.  Topped with nori, and a bunch of other stuff that I have no idea what it was.  The flavor combination worked very well, and was pretty spicy, too... kinda like a chicago red hot.  What my friend and I both were impressed with was their flavor combination's and seasonings.  Everything was seasoned perfectly: all the sauces, the fries, the burger.  And all the flavors they used worked well together and were very unique.  Overall, I would highly suggest coming and trying what they have at Fukuburger.  Great food, and they even accept credit cards!
4	I had the buta-burger as it was all the flavors that i love...the burger was surprising good! i didnt expect it to be as bomb as it was....i was like 2nd in line and they were crazy fast too, which is always appreciated...my only gripe is that its kinda expensive..other than that, awesome!
4	for awhile, all my friends would tweet about and check into was fukuburger. after trying bachi burger, i had to try this out. this place was actually my first food truck (minus the taco trucks in la of course) and i must say - it was definitely an experience, and why i'm now 4 days away from being the mayor on foursquare. damn you vinnie and jr aquino!!!anyway...every time we've gone there's always a crazy crowd (some of them just there to hang out and others waiting to order, waiting for food or eating). the menu is clearly located on the truck and everything looks yummy! my boyfriend tried the burgers in order (starting with the fukuburger he just had the karai and next is the katsu). i, on the other hand, went for the kinoko because of the mushrooms. and of course, we had to get an order of fries. we also ordered a strawberry lemonade, since they made it fresh every day.tip: tip!!! they say "tip jellaaaaaaaay!" when you tip, and give you a flavored jello stick. anyway, we stood around and waited for our food, debating on eating there or going home. maybe 5-10 minutes later they called my name (the 1st time it was "rica suave"), we grabbed our food and went home.everything tasted pretty good, even after a 5 minute drive home. burgers were tasty and the spicy mayo/garlic sauce is so addicting!!! another tip: try the jazz fries. they smother the fries in the spicy mayo/garlic sauce AND gravy. i've tried the nagadog, fukumoco and the nagamoco. all really good. i have yet to try the mac salad, but im sure its pretty good too.needless to say, i will be back!!! just a few days closer to becoming mayor :]
2	It was a disappointment!  I ordered a #1, #4, and a hot dog for a total of $16. Their burgers and hot dog weren't very tasty, could be the wasabi mayo. Portions were small, especially their french fries.
2	I went here on a Wednesday for Westside Wednesday's, and thought it was just alright. Arrived around 8:30ish to miss the long line and it being crowded, so if you try this spot out arrive early. Try not to come really hungry because I have to say you are going to have to wait a while. I ordered the #4 which was the mushroom burger. The meat was red (umm can't we order the way we want it cooked considering the fact that I hate eating rare meat) a little dry though. The staff was friendly but they totally forgot my strawberry lemonade and we left before we realized it and they don't give receipts. The fries were really really small. Overall I wasn't impressed with the burgers!
4	So after all the hype, I finally decided to dive in and try Fuku Burger, and my my my.... Can't believe I've been missing out on this.  Granted, the wait time was long, I definitely enjoyed the food.  I had the number 2, which was the Tamago, aka egg, burger.  The meat itself was really good.  It was juicy and moist, very flavorful.  The egg...  Well, I would've rather had that egg just a little less cooked, but it was still good.  Definitely a good buy.  The fries were alright.  But the fuku sauce that comes with it definitely kicks it up a notch.  The Nagadog however... FREAKING AMAZING!  I'll be honest, I wasn't expecting too much.  It had an amazing amount of flavor and a really good kick.  (I'm a sucker for spicy food)  All in all, I'll definitely be back.  They made me a believer.  Hell, I'm still craving another Nagadog... :D
4	Is that some kind of strip bar burger place?! Hahaha! It's all in the name I guess. I heard of it through a friend once and then my classmate told me about it and I had to check it out!I went after my volleyball league with some friends and my girlfriend. We were one of the first few to get there before they even opened up for business and I got to chat with Mags and Colin, the owners of Fukuburger, who were super cool and laid back! Colin was telling me and my friends about their most recent creation, the Naga Dog, but he shushed us after telling us what was in it (fresh italian sausage, grilled kim chee, spicy mayonnaise, little nori pieces (seaweed), in a bun) and Colin also explained that they get their meat fresh only HOURS before they open for business which makes their burgers extra fresh and tender, never frozen!I chose the Kinoko (mushroom) burger first, garlic fries, macaroni salad, and a thai iced tea. "Oh... Myyyy... Gosh!" (c) Usher Raymond. The burger was so freaking good, I needed to have another one! The spicy mayonnaise has to be my favorite sauce at the moment.TANGENT____________________________________________________I love sauces! I can't get enough of tasty sauces from different restaurants! I can be the kind of eater that just DROWNS his food in sauce. ex, my french fries swim in ketchup! There's just something extremely primal about it, but I don't care! I LOVE SAUCE!____________________________________________________Super cool environment to hang around in til about 11pm when it starts to get crowded! It's really like parking lot pimpin' when you have to sit on empty paint buckets for chairs, but I'm from humble beginnings and I really support Colin, Mags, and the rest of the Fukuburger Truck gang and will probably be there soon! Happy eating! :)
4	**For those of you wondering what's in the name FUKU, one of the meanings in Japanese is "luck" or "fortune."  So, Lucky Burger!  =P**So, after almost 4 months of waiting, I finally had the opportunity (and someone to go with) to make my way to the FUKUburger truck on Spring Mountain.  This past Thursday, my friend from out of town (where else, but from Hawaii nei) was visiting our city.  My gf and I met up w/him @ 11:00pm at the truck.  It wasn't too crowded...I liked that!  Although, I would like see the hype on Westside Wednesdays - dj's spinning, hungry people...uh, dancing, high energy, I'm sure!I ordered the Buta-burger (bacon burger), my friend, the Kinoko burger (mushroom burger), and my gf, the Fuku-moco (patty, egg, gravy all over rice...their interpretation of the Hawaii classic, Loco Moco).  Everything was delish!  The burgers were not extraordinarily huge or anything, kinda on the small side, but it was packed with flavor!  The fries were a wee skimpy, but again, with the garlic/mayo dip?  Tasty, tasty!  I forgot to try their mac salad w/furikake on it...from the looks on the menu, yum!  Guess I have to find my way back to the FUKUburger truck yet again!The truck is parked in a parking lot next to a Bank of America, so there is ample parking.  Hungry night lifers (is that a word) set up shop at their cars, or around make-shift tables and chairs so they can have their grinds right there, on the spot.  It's a very hip and fun environment!  As my gf commented, it looked like a scene out of "The Fast & The Furious," Tokyo Drift, of course.Be sure to check the truck's schedule on their website, www.fukuburger.com, as to where they will appear.  OFF on Mondays, Rainbow on Tuesdays, Flamingo/Durango on Wednesdays, and Chinatown on Thursdays thru Sundays.  All from 8pm to LATE!  This is the perfect place for eats after a raving night out!  FUKUburger in Sin City!  "Lucky."  How appropriate a name in a city like Las Vegas, baby!
3	I was at work one day and was reading SEVEN magazine (local magazine for LV), and saw FUKUburger's introduction to LV.  I always thought ANY food truck was fun, and had the good food, and I  still do.  So me and my GF went to go try this place out with high expectations which were met with a little extra.  Most importantly, the portions were big.  But as months passed by, we try this place again and everything seemed so skimpy.  Even the containers for the sauces got smaller. =\Don't get me wrong I still like Fuku Burger, the co-owners are cool as hell and the flavor and culture is definitely there.  But the servings MUST be bigger, the fries are ridiculously small for what you pay for.  I wish they would serve portions like when they first started.  Honestly, their burgers are just a little bigger than McDonalds McDoubles... If they beefed up they're burgers and fries in every way and put less ice in there cups for strawberry lemonade, then I'd give'em 5 stars.
5	For my Vancouver, BC Yelpers - if you love JapaDog, your gonna love Fukuburger in Las Vegas.  It's JapaDog, but with a burger.This place is not on the strip and the people who live in Las Vegas seem to love it.  It's open from 10pm to 4am.  We took a taxi out as it was located at a Bank Of America parking lot, in a part of Chinatown (didn't know there was a Chinatown in Vegas).  I just remember a whole bunch of cars parked around this portable food truck, and remember seeing a whole bunch of Caesars Palace valet employees waiting in line.  I got the spicy burger - forgot the name but trust me, it was delicious.  I don't know what else to say so I guess read the other reviews.  You'll get the idea!!!
3	Oh, fuku burger. What a colorful and moody character you seem to be.After a night of shenanigans, the boy wanted a treat. Having spotted the illusive Fuku-truck on our way elsewhere, we hoped they'd still be there when we were done. Around 2 AM, they were, and had a big crowd of costumed fans gathering around. Descending upon the Bank of America parking lot, you can hear their music blasting; we arrived to a song about capping people and a chorus of gun-shots and the N-word. Kind of awkward, but whatever. It seems there's a lot of repeat customers or fans that hang around the truck, as there were people parked and hanging out by or in their cars for the entire duration we were there. There was no sense of organization in the line, just a clusterf**k of people mobbing around the lone girl taking orders. We had several people attempt to get in front of us and others asking us where the line ended. Some people stood on the periphery of the cluster and waited for 10+ minutes in the cold in skimpy costumes before getting frustrated and leaving without anything.The music was also so loud that it made ordering a challenge unless you got in the poor girl's face or yelled at her. She took our name and put our order in. When done a guy would scream out your name  from the window, vainly competing with the music. We watched him call for 4-5 people with visibly growing aggrivation. The menu itself was pretty simple, though I know you can customize with eggs or extra patties. We opted for the Karai, or spicy burger, and an order of their garlic fries. We ate the fries on the drive home and had the burger once there. The fries seemed like they were from a box then heavily dosed with their garlic salt. I liked the sauces that came with them, but J thought they were too salty. The fries had decent crunch and heft- they weren't potato needles or massive steak fries.Once we got to the burger, we were disappointed. The burger had flavor but was burnt on the outside and ultra-rare on the inside. Topped with a spicy mayo, another sauce, cucumber, avocado "cream" and a couple of other toppings, it had an interesting combo of textures and flavors to compliment the meatiness, but not enough to save it from being mediocre. The burger may have been more redeemable if the experience/atmosphere of ordering it hadn't put us off. The area around the truck was trashed with half eaten food and debris everywhere. Stickers and photos covered much of the windows and the only insights we had into the kitchen was the irritated guy sticking his head out and yelling at a "mutha fuga'!"to get back in the truck. This is really an instance where the business philosophy shines at the forefront. Compare these fellows to the Slider truck; The boys there sing while cooking, happily greet their customers with enthusiasm & a fist bump, maintain a clean exterior and fairly consistent food preparation. I've had a mediocre slider and forgiven them because they were so pleasant to deal with. The food here has the potential for awesomeness but I just don't want to deal with a disorderly mob to get a burger. EDIT: Bumped a star for owner response :} It's always nice to see a business taking the time to respond to criticisms directly like that.
4	So prior to this review, I've already been to fukuburger quite a few times, but I just wanted to experience it in all of the different places it goes to before I wrote what I would call a good review.This place definitely has my stamp of approval. It's a cool looking truck with some east asian urban graphic design on the sides of it, something you definitely wouldn't miss if you were looking for it on the side of the road. The atmosphere of the places that it goes to is really down to earth. Mostly a bunch of youngsters hanging around showing off their tuned out cars while you grab a bite to eat. Not very many places to sit but when you're coming to eat at a truck I don't think you'd be expecting an abundance of chairs and tables just lined up for your convenience, so it's understandable. The staff is friendly and I think one of the most memorable things while you're just sitting around waiting is that when somebody tips, the person taking the order yells out "TIP JELLY" and so does everyone else on the truck and participating customers as well. The wait varies depending upon the time you arrive at the location they're at, but I've been there about 5-6 times and the wait has never taken more than 20 minutes even during their busiest moments.The menu is small. 6 Main burgers all unique in their own way, but from what I understand you can customize your burger with extra patties and eggs if you'd like. There's a few other items on the menu but I haven't gotten around to trying them yet so I'll just stick to the burgers.For the most part, it is REALLY delicious, especially for it's price. 5 dollars a burger is really decent for what your getting. It's not an overwhelmingly huge burger but remember, quality before quantity. These burgers are just damn good. I ordered the Tamago burger and I don't really remember the other stuff that's on it besides the egg but I do remember how it tastes and boy was it delicious. Their garlic fries are awesome too, especially mixed with the sauce that comes with it.This is one of those places you go to when you and your group of friends are hungry and you want something good and quick to grab but you don't want to have to fork out a wad of cash. I have thoroughly enjoyed all of my visits to Fukuburger and I have no doubt that you will too.
2	Just came from fukuburger. It was alright not that amazing from what I heard. Their portions was really small for the price. like $8 for a small burger the size of mcdonalds dollar menu burgers, fries were like less then 20 pieces, and a drink. I got the mushroom burger and it was alright. lol they didn't give me napkins so when I was about to ask I saw a sign that say they charge 50 cents for napkins, like wow were not in Philippines now. I don't know why everyone is always talking about how great this place is. Their service was great though they like to have little conversations with you while you wait. Oh and the wait, I don't know why it takes like 30 minutes to make it. Yeah this place didn't blow my mind.
4	tried the karai burger and fries the other day...gotta say they were pretty bomb...i especially liked the sauces that come with the fries...soooo good!!
4	So after numerous hype and suggestions from family friends, family, and las vegas local friends.. The end result was a lovely visit to this mobile food truck. Me and my friends caught them on their westside wednesday location and from the moment we entered the parking lot, I could smell the wonderful aromas for burgers grilling.The burgers are priced pretty decent.. and coming from eating a very expensive burger the previous day, the $5 for the burgers was like pocket change. The portions at least for me were ok.. though after I finished off my first burger (the Fuku-Burger) and the OMG delicously seasoned fries with their addictive sauces.. I had to order more food..At which point I got the Karai burger, which was their spicy burger. Even that one was cooked nicely and tasted wonderful. It wasn't as spicy as I had thought, but there was that kick to it and made it just melt in your mouth.The fusion of Japanese flavors in their marinades really comes thru in the beef patties... Definitely something I would come back to over and over again.
4	allow me to compare fukuburger truck in the realm of food-trucks. growing up in L.A. county, that city is swarming with food trucks. but i've never actually experience one like this before. the oriental gourmet of street culinary experience. a trifecta of chopsticks meet bun, bun meets wheels, wheels meet china town. you know that acronym? BYOC: bring your own chair. or you can stand and practice your hold-plate while eating primitave style.the line gets pretty long, so the thing about one man taking the order and sending it in can take a hot minute. hot in vegas espeicially near the exhaust of the truck. i can feel my legs melting. the wait can bring bond time with the kids i came with or chat it up with the owners, or even chat with some new face. whichev'.the first burger i tried was the "tamago" pretty challenging to eat. super delish and juicy but equally sloppy. mac salad was pretty creative, the toppings gave it texture- which i love in food.  and the shaved ice is served in the generous amount. ive had good times here with friends and fam and good music. i guess the parking lot gave lasting memories.good thing they're open late, in case im craving a good quality burger.
4	As I was turning onto Durango last night, I saw none other than the Fukuburger truck zoom by.  So I did the only rational thing and started following a food truck wrapped in bright red towards an unknown destination.  Besides, it's been awhile and I've only tried them once, so it was time for a do over.I tried the Karai burger again, the same burger that I had during their 4th of July opening.  And let me say, it was a great improvement.  I wasn't overpowered by salt, and the beef patty seemed much larger.  Now THIS is a burger I will pay for.  The burger sauce isn't too spicy but is tasty.  Now to taste the rest of the menu...I expect to enjoy this process.
4	The night we ate at Fukuburger, the food truck was surrounded by obnoxious teenagers who thought that they were the first people to discover four letter words.  The music from the truck was also blaring, making it difficult to order.  So why the four stars when the ambiance was set for jackass teenagers?  That's how good the burgers are.  Combine asian flavors with the traditional burger and you'll come up with Fukuburger.The night we visited, we had the Tamago (burger topped with egg over easy) and the Kinoko (mushroom burger with wasabi mayo).  These burgers are seriously good.  Hell, I didn't even think I liked wasabi, but spread it on top of ground beef and it's surprise deliciousness.  In the same vein, we thought the idea of a runny egg over ground beef would be awkward, but the egg yolk just made the patty more delicious.Bottom line: the combination of asian flavors and a burger is unique and definitely worth the experience.
3	Decided to give this place another chance since every place deserves a second chance. Went here on a cold night after partying, so greasy food just sounded like a dream come true. It wasn't busy at all that's because it was 4 in the morning. They were located on Valley View and Sahara, guess no more China town area. I ordered the spicy burger since I didn't really like the mushroom burger. It was way better, the meat was cooked until I reached the middle (it was totally red like it wasn't cooked) but could be my fault since I should ask for well done, I totally stopped eating it since bloody meat makes me sick.
4	Sometimes, i get Fuku withdrawals.  (2) Tamago Burgers, (2) Buta-Burgers, Macaroni, Fries, Fuku-Moko, and one of those asian sodas with the marble in it... or a coconut juice for the kids!  please and thanks!Order the way you like your burger unless u like it medium... and bring your own chair and box/basket/bucket to carry away all your food from the window.  With a family of 4 plus friends, sometimes it's difficult hauling off everything yourself while your kids and spouse are tailgating it with the homees...Fukuburger has created a culture and a following in Vegas that I've never seen before. Peace and Respect to Colin and Mags... See u soon.
5	I am becomming a big fan of the food truck craze that's happening right now. I've chased trucks in two states now. The latest one brought me out here to Las Vegas. After hearing so much about it from friends and family I had to try it. Well worth the trip my friends.I had the kinoku-mushroom burger. It has grilled shitaki mushrooms, pickled ginger, and wasabi mayo on  a fuku patty. I now know the meaning of "umami". The fifth taste, savory. The patty on this burger has a unique flavor that can only be described as "umami". And the other toppings together make the burger that much better. Times like this I wish I had a bigger vocabulary. So I can express how good this burger was. Next time your out in Vegas, follow them on twitter and visit these guys.
5	ahhh...the infamous fukuburger truck.vegas, why have you been chosen to be blessed with this truck of tastiness?  Jealousy enrages my stomach, churning, twisting, contorting in an angry flurry of rage.i do not exaggerate.  fukuburger is just that.  a tornado of taste and texture to titillate and torture your tongue.  Yes, read it again..."titillate".i am humbly honored to have taken the photo currently the default on the FB page.  Yes, recently I took notice that the insides of the burgers are rare.  but it doesn't bother me...it's too dark to notice anyways. :)what DOES bother me, is that feeling of withdrawal when I awaken from my slumber...to a day yearning for night.  a night where we will line up to the loud musings and trendy asians of the midnight hour.  To feast upon buckets and tip for jelly straws.las vegas.  why won't you share with the rest of us?
5	Chicken and waffles were excellent. Perfect on a cold night.
5	Ah... I heart Fuku.I only seem to wander over to this place after a night of dancing (and yes drinking) but that's the charm of it. It's sophisticated drunk food.They're a tad pricey, but worth every penny. The burgers have great flavor and texture combinations that titilate my tastebuds. I look forward to my next late night out!
5	Another successful (yet tipsy) trip to Fuku Burger. I just can't get enough of this place it seems. This time I was in the mood for spicy and boy did I hit the jackpot with the Karai Burger. My guy got the Tamago, which I had previously gotten. Both were delicious! I had been interested in trying the Green Curry fries, but it was not meant to be this time. Can't wait for my next trip, yum! Think I'm going for the Naga Dog!
5	Fukuburger has gotten a lot more organized since the beginning and a lot more popular. The last Westside wednesday I went to was pretty fun. The line was long, there were many nice cars setup to look at, there was a dj, freestyle battling going on, people singing along with acoustic guitar, and even some graffiti art. This was a big jump from the first one I went to when we sat waiting for over an hour just for the truck to arrive and there was barely anything happening when it did arrive. I've tried all of their burgers, dogs, drinks, and sides thus far and I have nothing bad to say about any of them. I think my favorite burger will always be the Tamago.The people that run the truck are very friendly as well. It's always a very at home environment and every time I go, it's a great experience. You can go to the truck just to chill and kick back because everyone is always hanging out.I'll definitely come back again.
5	The first time I had a Lucky Burger it was different and wonderful, I look forward to making it back out there soon.
4	My husband and I have been here a few times and the food is amazingly good.  I highly recommend the Fukuburger and the Karai (Spicy Burger).  Both are excellent.  I've tried the Tamago as well and the egg is just a little too heavy for me.  But with a variety of other options and terrific fries, it's a great food truck for late night cravings.  I also like that they are participating in pop up dinners (next one at Retro Bakery!).  The one they hosted with Jet Tila of Wazuzu was amazing!  The money curry, Thai me up sandwich, and chicken and waffles were all super delicious.  Fukuburger staff did the cooking, showing that they are super versatile and talented. And pop up dinners are a great idea.  I'm glad they are starting them in Las Vegas.  Fukuburger is a valuable addition to the Las Vegas food community for doing this.When visiting this truck, keep in mind that their following is pretty young and you have to be in the mood to deal with it (see Elizabeth E.'s review - jackass teenagers pretty much sums it up).  Also, there are some stickers on the truck that you may not want to have to explain to your 5 year old and you also don't want your five year old picking up some of the words being yelled by the customers. But they are great about packing the food to go so it stays warm and tasty!  Just swing by and enjoy some Fuku at home!
4	I know the night I went it wasn't technically the Fuku truck but the "Jet Set" truck with chef Jet Tila cooking up specials. Still, this is at the Fuku truck with the crew present so I think it should get a review. The event was a Herbs and Rye and Retro Bakery showed up so it was a trifecta of food love for me and I respect that businesses are collaborating. I definitely would have regretted if I did not meet the Yelpers here pre-Titanic/Bodies exhibit CMYE.BF and I grabbed one of each Jet Tila specials ($6 each, $1 of it goes to charity). Monkey Ball Curry- this was such a lovely balanced curry and I could have eaten a pot of it. I love the plaintains as the starch since it has a bit more texture and sweetness. BF said it's the most amazing panang style he's had and it definitely was up there for me. "Chicken and Waffles" Okinawan Style- Chicken skewer was crispy outside yet juicy with interesting spices that I can't quite place. Came with donuts with a cinnamon coating and syrup which was soft and super noms. I like the dishes separately and not together and wish I can order more donuts. Thai Mi Bahn Mi- Thai style bahn me sandwich with sliced sausage, cucumber, carrot, cilantro, jalapenos. This was good with the contents, but the bread was just okay. It was chewy and not that crispy crackling bread you come to associate with bahn mi sammies. Much respect to Jet Tila for coming out of his fancy kitchen and come cook in a moving box. I know it was a Fuku hosted special event, but it made me respect their business as a whole. I like that they think outside the box. I've heard that Westside Wednesdays has DJs, car enthusiasts, artist, etc. show up and show off and it becomes more of an event than a stop. Now they did their first pop up guest chef event and if they would do more (I hope) I would love to attend. I'm impressed someone can make an atmosphere out in a parkinglot but they somehow achieve it.Definitely more excited to experience the entire menu of the Fuku truck.
5	I been wanting to try Fukuburger for a while because everytime I passed by their location when they are on Rainbow & 215, I noticed how long the lines were so I figured they must have some really good food. I'm just so busy sometimes I don't get a chance to stop. Luckily, I went to a toy drive earlier this month & they just happened to be there so  I ended up having their loco moco & mac salad. Oh wow! I had loco moco at the california hotel, Island Flavor & some other Hawaiian restaurant (can't remember the name) before & I felt like Fukuburger's was the best. I don't think anyone can match their flavor.  It was really, really, really good!! I think they must put a special ingredient in it because ever since I had it, I been thinking about their food. I went to Island Flavor & ordered a loco moco there but it really didn't compare to Fukuburgers even though it was like twice the size.  For me it's quality not quantity. I also think they're so much more friendlier at the Fukuburger truck. I'm gonna have to go again to fulfill my cravings for sure.
5	How people rate Fukuburger less than 5 stars is beyond me? Its a food truck so you can't expect formal dining type service/environment. For what it is (a mobile food operation) its worth 5 stars. Hands down. Its easily the best food truck in Vegas in terms of popularity, taste, and creativity. The burgers are Asian themed and are downright delicious! My personal favorite is the Egg Burger. One of mans greatest creations. The fries are great too with that dipping sauce that comes with it. Man oh man... my mouth is watering. I haven't had one in a couple weeks, so its about time to get my fix. See you guys soon!
5	Finally got around to eating at this truck the other day - the first time I had a fried egg over a burger. Brilliant. My brain has exploded with new possibilities.Fries are really good too.Sorry for short review, but c'mon, with this many reviews I'm not adding anything new.
5	This place MADE my summer last year. 90% of the time was the afterclub group choice spot to hit up. They have GREAT service, even GREATER burgers, and such a simple atmosphere that just seems to work. TIP JELLY!!!
3	Fantastic that they were close to where I work, rushed over to pick up my lunch here.I must say that 3stars is all that they're getting, they didn't quite live up to their 5* hype.  Straight to the food I ordered a fukuburger & jazz fries, rushed it back to the office & started devouring this beastly morsel. The patty was medium well, I enjoy having a little pink in my meat which melts in your mouth & that's where the fantasy stops, no explosion of flavors nothing exponential new that catches my palate, a very subdued burger which is completely fine just subtly boring possibly due to the hype around it.The jazz fries on the other hand, were absolutely effin fanstastic, only that thick fries don't work too well combined with the gravy, its still pretty good. I would  definitely start having gravy with my fries.In all honesty I wouldn't go out of my way to track this roach coach down for their burgers, I would however be compelled to chase them for their fries. odd...
4	So I finally decided to pop my FUKU cherry and holy shit I'm glad I did. I had a craving for burgers and noticed that FUKU was only a few miles from my house so I decided to drive over.I was ready for a crowd of wild kids and crazy music but I was only half right. There were a bunch of younger kids and loud music but nothing too out of line. Ordering was quick and easy and I was told to try the Buta Burger. It was like a flavor explosion in my mouth with the combination of sauces and textures. Not to mention the bacon was so thick and succulent that I could have just eaten a side order of that.For a side I ended up choosing the Jazz fries which were smothered in a tasty gravy and a sauce that tasted like wasabi without the insane heat. It was a perfect complement to the burger except for the fact that I might now have heart disease. Fuck it, well worth it!The only downside to ordering a full sized burger as opposed to sliders is the fact that you can't try several things unless you're HUGE. I guess I'll have to go back another night to try the Tamago burger and garlic fries to complete my FUKU experience. Eat up, and enjoy the semi-hipster atmosphere!
5	Who ever thought you can get an amazing burger off a food truck. Now I'm a believer. Everything is made fresh from scratch & the staff/owners of the truck are way cool. U have to try it at least once.
2	I've heard rave reviews about this place from my friends but thinking about it now it's probably because they were DRUNK while eating it!  Waited 20 minutes to get our food (and we were the only ones in line) then after we ordered a friend of the truck owners got there ordered and got her food first!  No good...  after the 20 minute wait we thought the food was going to be worth the wait but NOOOO!!! Our burgers were raw!  Not rare, just bloody and gross.  Never going there again!
4	So good! It has probably worked its way up to the top 5 burgers in Vegas. Skip the Katsu burger though. I would give 5 stars if the service was a little quicker. I waited over a half for 2 burgers last time. But, worth it.
4	When a "girl" friend of mine sent me a text saying "want fukuburger?"  I thought she want our relationship to go to the next level... LOL. Who knew there is actually a Fukuburger. Anyway, we drove to nearby Costco where we saw a bunch of people surrounding a food truck. It looks more like an illegal car race gathering than a food place. Their menu consists mostly of burger, fries, and 1hot dog item. I ordered spicy burger and my friend other the bacon burger. The burgers came out nice and hot, although they were quite smaller than what we expected (base on the pictures we saw on the menu). The patty was medium and juicy, and the heat definitely kicked it up a notch. Those Fuku guys were very cool and friendly. The burger itself wasn't extraordinary, but definitely better than those fast food places. Overall, it was a nice experience and will try again.
5	No Joke.  I've always wondered what Vegas culture would be.  I've been in may towns where culture meets you at the airport,  and deepens as you explore away from where you've landed. In vegas... not so much.  So when you live here you always complain about the lack of culture.  Fukuburger is culture and more importantly it's Vegas Culture.  There's nothing here that says "let's make money" or "let exploit the tourists".  The sliders they serve are beyond expectations.  The meat is cooked to perfection... in otherwords... it's medium rare.  Juicy, what you would imagine a sushi chef making if he was making the best burger you've ever had.  Sliders are very Asian, I had the #2 Tamayo with an egg on top.  I can't get the flavors out of my mouth.  I'm not gonna lie... I wasn't paying attention when I took my first bite, seconds later I forgot what I was saying, the flavors and texture were amazing.OK so it's good... better, it's great food.  No doubt.  The service, personable, cool, you want to be friends with the guy taking you're order because he seems to be so cool but not pretentious... again not a quality found on the strip.  And then you realize that you're not anywhere you'd normally find yourself.  Since Fukuburger is a truck, it's constantly on the move.  This evening we had the pleasure of dining outside one of this towns many live adult entertainment establishments (yes I'm having burgers outside of a stripclub) and it was perfect.  I really didn't even know how to get to Industrial Blvd, but somehow I followed the neon signs reading "live nude girls" and found my way.That's what made me realize that Vegas Culture is here and it's at Fukuburger.  It was everything that's right with Vegas.  The food is amazing and the location... well at least for tonight, couldn't be any more fitting.  I spoke with one of the co-owners and it made me think of this quote by one of americas greatest philosophers."...your body is not a temple, it's an amusement park. Enjoy the ride." - Anthony BourdainOnce you go to Fukuburger, you'll know what I mean.
5	wow... so my second review ever is for Fukuburger... all I can really say is DAMN ... when you want a good fusion burger this is the place to go, nice thing is that they are always out really late which rocks... we tried them for the very first time last week and I thought I had died and gone to heaven.   I did a mish mash of the #3 - Pig with the #4 and it was honestly the best ( non slider ) burger I have tasted in a long time.
4	The original Fukuburger is my favorite so far.  I like that you can taste the seasoning in the patty.  The burger is well constructed and the sauce compliments well.  The gravy fries are awesome.  They also carry my favorite Japanese soda, Ramune.  Did I mention that the gravy fries are awesome?A good size burger for a good price at the time of the evening when I want one.  The wait wasn't bad even though there was a line in front of us and the employees are cool.  Can I still get some Shaved Ice even though its cold?There are still a lot more things I want to eat off this truck so I will be back.
5	It seems like this food truck is the talk of the town and I can understand why it would be. I am not very good with being an avid follower of mobile places like my friends, but I would definitely follow them there again if they were going. After whining about wanting a patty melt for the past week, my friend told me that they had a special the day before we met. Of course, my spirit was crushed and I was certain that the food gods were out to spite me. Yet again destiny was not on my side, so I resigned and went to the gym. My friend had asked the owner when they would run there special again, to which he responded that they were having it again THAT NIGHT! We had promised another friend's mom that we would eat dinner at their house after the gym. Yet again, if there is someone out there trying to thwart my chances of getting what I want, could you please stop. What were we to do? Eat dinner at our friend's house, and sneak out to get the Katty Melt after, of course. To not set back all our hard work, we decided to split a burger, mac salad, and a strawberry lemonade between the three of us.The Katty Melt is a work of art. A perfectly cooked medium rare burger topped with miso sauteed red onions, swiss cheese, ponzu mayo, and the crispiest sourdough bread ever. I was in heaven. I could have eaten a whole one by myself and contemplated stuffing the whole thing in my mouth as my friends were socializing. The mac salad was delicious. I am not a fan of mayo, but there was something special about the mayo in and on both items. I could not put my finger on it, but it was perfect the way it was with the sesame seeds adding a nice texture and subtle taste.
4	I hate to say it, slider, fans, but fuku stole my heart.Not only are their burgers really damn good, but GRAVY FRIES--just like home--are fantabulous!  I'm totally about their fuku sauce that they put on the gravy fries AND with their regular fries.  Mind you, their "regular" fries have this serious seasoning that's salty, spicy, and sweet.  Yum-o!I tried their namesake burger and love it.  The meat is seasoned, which is a huge plus since others tend to forget to season the meat, not just sprinkle seasoning on it while it's grilling.  I also love the fact that their burgers are juicy every single time.  The best part is TIP JELLY!!!!  I love those little things.  It's the great catches like tip jelly and their awesome customer service and entertainment that, with their great food, make this truck the only truck you'll want to find nightly.Want a great burger in Vegas and avoid creating a huge hole in your wallet?  Check out fukuburger.com, find where they are tonight, and get your fuku on!
4	It's all good, and they'll make it how you want it too if you don't see it on the menu.  Also, fun surprise if you tip them.
4	Did you know Asian Food Trucks were a thing in Las Vegas? Did you even know they exist?So if you read Emily R.'s reviews (she's Elite. I figured I would remind you before she did) she's a big fan of Fukuburger, and it was due time I got dragged along. Now, I'm not as big of a fan of Asian food as she is (I think PF Chang's is high dining) so I was a bit concerned. She recommended the Tamago, which is a burger with fried egg on top, and some kind of sauce. I think it's two sauces, actually: Teriyaki and something else. It's got bacon, and you can get it with cheese (I didn't).Sounds good? Hai. (That's Japanese for yes. I'm bilateral.)My only complaint about the burger is that the egg yolk was runny, and I like firmer eggs. (IN YOUR PANTS!! j/k) So next time I'll have to order it well-done. But other than that, this burger kicks more ass than Sailor Moon.(I'm running out of Japanese references.)But the atmosphere was actually really badass! Hip hop playing, cars rollin', people laughing and kickin' back. It was a good community feel, and I wish I had hung out longer. I'm definitely up to go back.And when I do, I'm going to rock my Sailor Jupiter costume.Or not.
4	Tis me favorite burger currently raoming the Vegas desert.I eat 2-4 at a time. They are regular-sized burgers too, not a tall slider. The sauces give the burgers a good and tasty twist from normal burgers...a little bit of tang to go with the meat. $5 a burger. And they have other creative dishes as well, like their version of chicken and waffles.
4	I must say, I was highly skeptical at first when my boyfriend suggested that we chase this truck down for dinner. Boy was I wrong. Within five minutes, the parking lot was full and a line had already formed. The locals really know the quality of this burger truck.We tried the Kinoko (mushroom burger), Karai (spicy burger), and crack sauce fries. The meat was so juicy and according to the owners, it was processed fresh that day. They really did a good job creating new flavors to the typical hamburger. It had the perfect blend of spice, veggies, and unique flavors on fresh meat. The crack sauce fries were heart-cloggingly good too. I will definitely go back and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.Try it out if you're a local or just visiting. It's worth the effort & wait...trust me.
4	Great group of guys making good food.Fukuburger is like Run DMC meets Aerosmith, or The Black Keys w/ Big Boi if your up on things.  Combining Asian flavors with American fast food flare at a high quality level is all it takes to win the hearts of hungry Las Vegasians.  I went with the following:Naga Dog - A smokey delicious explosion of flavor.  The hotdog had the perfect sear on it, maintaining that awesome snap one would expect from a well-done dog.  It was topped with daikon radish, their habanero kabayakisauce (smoky and spicy), and a little spicy mayo.  The bun held up well to the heavy ingredients resting between it.  My favorite item, so far.FukuFries - Salty, fast food fries.  I liked these, but could see where some people might not like the amount of salt.  Really though, if you're complaining about salt from a fast food meal, you might as well just keep enjoying your piece of lettuce and stop whining, its not for you.Karai (spicy burger) - Cooked perfectly medium, the burger was not too big, and packed a nice punch.  It wasn't as spicy as I hoped, but people out there might disagree with me.  The burger was topped with sliced cucumber, avocado, spicy mayo, and habanero kabayaki sauce.  The guys who run this dream on wheels are great, and with their personalities and the music playing from the truck, Fukuburger is a Fukin-great time.
5	It's awesome! My boyfriend and I were leaving working and took a shortcut down Dean Martin, where we saw the truck parked. We turned around and decided to give it a shot; it was awesome!!!They accept credit/debit cards, which is great, we wouldn't have stopped if we didn't have cash since most food trucks don't accept cards.  I'm not a burger person, but I got the Naga Dog. It's a spicy link, with homemade pickled daikon relish, grilled kimchi, and wasabi mayo, with habanero kabayaki and dried seaweed. I thought it sounded crazy and didn't think I'd like it but I gave it a shot and it was DELICIOUS!Boyfriend and I shared a Jazz Fry, which is french fries with gravy and crack sauce. Those were AMAZING! And my boyfriend got a strawberry lemonade, and I ended up having to buy one later because it was VERY good. I used to get Sammy's L.A. Pastrami's strawberry lemonade because it was voted best in town, but Fukuburgers was way better!
5	In the last month Tera Patrick (Porn Star), BJ Penn (UFC Star) and my friend Ted ( a star in his own mind) have all eaten here. The hip factor is off the charts.Last week in the NY Times writer Matt Gross said it was best burger he had ever eaten....sober (in his article "Lost in Las Vegas").The food has the WOW factor and I am surprised others in the foodie capital of the world have not tried a variation on this theme to make their burgers better....that mean's YOU David Myers...
5	Katty Burger - best burger I've had in Vegas. Can't believe their burgers are this amazing and only $5. They're spreading burgie love and happiness all over the Vegas. I love it when they partner with a live DJ. Super cool scene. Track their schedule at their site and friend 'em on Facebook. I heart u guys!
4	This place is the shit. The burgers are cooked just right -- none of that overly charred crap.  The menu isn't extensive (I think there's six burgers on the menu?) but the burgers are good and have some fun asian fusion flavoring. There's also the added allure of chasing this truck on its website to find out its location the day of.  Also, it recently got a shout out in the NY Times:http://travel.nytimes.com/2011/02/06/travel/06las-vegas.html?sq=lost+in+las+vegas&st=Search&scp=1&pagewanted=allWe tried out the truck a month or so ago, i.e., the middle of January. I imagine that as it starts to get warmer, it'll be nicer to hang outside, talk and eat.Side tip, get your own fries. Sharing is out of the question, just because you want to eat all of them.A must try if you're in Vegas, like burgers and like something different.
5	This is hands down the best food truck in Las Vegas, I go on a weekly basis and it is amazing Japanese fusion burgers from a food truck is more than worth tracking down, the owners Colin and Mags are so humble, its obvious they love what they do.
4	Pretty solid performance, considering it was my first "food truck" experience!  I ordered the #3 Pig...and waited.Only gripe I have is the freekin Rap blasting out my eardrums.
5	The guys are Fukuburger are like the uncle who is kinda mean in a joking manner and cooks some crazy food. Do you have that kind of uncle? Oh me either, but if I did I would imagine it would look like someone from Fukuburger.Fukuburger definitely has upped their game since their first opening sometime in July, it was cool, interesting, but sometimes my burger was overcooked or undercooked. Pssssh thats not the case anymore, the past 4 or 5 times I haven't had a inconsistently cooked item from Fuku. The fries quantity seemed to get smaller, but now its all GRAVY (they have gravy fries, thats why it was hilarrrrious, whatt you don't think so? ):). Skip Smashburger's egg burger and GO get the real deal with Fuku's tamaGO! Their staple item's are all equally delicious, its just really depends on what you like. Their specialty items usually pop up during special events, holidays, or new spots for them to post at such as Frankie's Tiki Room.  Like everyone else mentioned their spot are usually at cool places to hang out with a couple of friends, from the parking lot across from Bank of America to Cloud 9 Hookah Lounge to Red Hand Tattoo to Molto's Farmer's Market. That's the great thing of Fukuburger besides their food, they are at spots supporting the local businesses. When you buy local your money circulates in your state, not California or Idaho. Fukuburger for 2012???
4	Coming back from a late night rendezvous to support some friends across town with their cover band, we back upon a food truck.  I thought it was so cute that my man got so excited that he called it a lunch truck! haha!  We had accidentally discovered FUKUBURGER in Chinatown.  It was almost midnight and the factors of "discovering" the food truck and having the late night munchies made this delicious points go up.  Eating outside with yummy food and listening to hip music made me feel like the "cool" kid in high school.1.  Tamago burger (burger patty, egg over easy, onion strings, teriyaki sauce and furikake) - The yolky egg easily won me over, but the crunch of the onion strings and furikake cemented its win.  It wasn't the tastiest patty ever but definitely texturegasmic.2.  Fuku Moco - this was basically a mini loco moco bowl with an added bonus of bonito flakes and extra oozy yolky egg.  Another texture win!3.  Seasoned fries- These were piping hot, extra crispy and perfectly seasoned.  Conclusion:  If you have the late night fatty munchies, find fukuburger.
3	My girl had heard a bunch of good things about this food truck so we went the thursday night and had tamago (egg) burgers, they was super greesy, and was sitting in a bunch of sauce. We did not enjoy it much but the fries were ok. The service was fast and friendly though.
5	I finally made it over to Fuku last night. I got there around 2:30am-ish and it was hopping. So hopping, in fact, that I was informed they were all out of burgers. But I was starving and already there, and since the Naga Dog looked interesting, I went for it. And I added a side of Jazz Fries - only to be informed that they were out of gravy and could substitute teriyaki. But that sounded like an ok substitution, so I went for it too.I totally loved the experience. From the folks in the truck serving up the eats, to the drunken fools waiting patiently for their good eats, to the tip jelly... It's just an all-around good time in the BoA Chinatown parking lot.Instead of standing around and eating my dog and fries, I opted to just take them to go and drive home to eat (which isn't exactly close). To my pleasant surprise, the food was still piping hot when I got home. And OMG it was delicious! I have never experienced a hot dog like that before. So many flavors going on - and they all complimented each other and worked so well together. And the fries were great too - perfectly cooked and the toppings were a flavor combo of goodness.So based on my experience and what I ordered, totally 5 stars. I still can't believe it took me this long to stop by. And I will most definitely be stopping by again. Bonus points for accepting credit cards.
4	My first, but not last, trip to this food truck. I built myself into a frenzy when I first found out about these guys on the web. I was so hungry that night yet it took me a couple of weeks to make it there. I wasn't disappointed when I got to my burger. I ordered the Buta Burger and fries. Finally somebody understands what bacon is supposed to be on a burger. If this holds up then my next trip I'm getting a t-shirt also. Keep up the good work guys!
5	I really enjoyed this burger. A lot. I got the tamago burger which is topped with a fried egg and crispy onions. The burger patty was thick and perfectly moist. This might become a weekly ritual.
5	As solid as it gets.....Colin and 'Mags' are putting out food that all Las Vegas Food Trucks should strive to be.  Everything on there menu is well thought out, balanced and made to order.  Great combination....tried the 'Charlie Sheen' Steak and Egg sandwich last week...one word phenomenal.
5	Their "Jazz Fries" are why I upped my rating to a 5.  Their crack sauce is delicious, and goes well on pretty much everything.  Plus, I love that you can get a fried egg on your burger, it's so good!  Love that yolk running into your mouth when you bite into it, so good and flavorful.  Plus everyone that works there is awesome!
2	Just got back from Vegas Streats and had to review this truck as soon as I got home. While I fully expected waiting in lines at this food festival, I never expected I would be waiting as long as I did at Fukuburger. First, my boyfriend and I got Tastybunz, where we waited about an hour altogether. After trying that, we made our way over to Fukuburger so we could try it for the first time. The line was just as long as Tastybunz's was, so we figured we would wait about the same time. This was not the case at all. We waited in line for an hour just to order, but then waited yet another hour for our food to come out. The waiting was awful considering there were obnoxious drunk people spilling beers on your feet, screaming in your ears, and blowing smoke in your face. Also, we were completely turned off when we noticed the guys of Fukuburger were serving their friends who were simply just walking straight up to the pick up window asking for food and receiving it immediately. I understand these people were their friends, but it was incredibly annoying and frustrating considering we were waiting forever just to get 2 burgers, along with about 30 other people too. When our order was finally ready, we grabbed our food and left the area so we could eat in peace. At this point, we were agitated and tired of standing, but nonetheless excited to get our first taste of Fukuburger. Sadly, after taking our first bite, we came to realize that the burgers were completely raw and inedible. We were so disappointed and mad that we had just wasted money and time on burgers we couldn't even eat. With that said, I gave two stars only because the actual flavor of the rest of the burger was good and I do understand it was probably hard feeding a crowd so large. However, I was so turned off by the service and the food, I don't imagine I will ever return.
5	I absolutely love these burgers! My favorite is the Karai Spicy Burger. I think the hint of spiciness & cucumbers is what made it for me. Their fries are always yummy & with the sauce makes it even better! I've taken bites of other burgers from friends.. including the Katsu & Tiki, but the Karai still gets me every time. It's what I always order!
4	Their food is pretty good. Their burgers are cooked to be very juicy, their combination of the different ingredients adds to the flavor of their burger. It is amazing!The only thing is the portion size compared to the price. It isn't really worth while but the food is really delicious.
3	Geesh these burgers are so small! The prices seem right at first, but when you get the little baby pattie burger you feel a little robbed. Same with the fry portions. I want to like Fuku a lot. The people who work the truck are all nice and make it a fun experience. But, the burgers aren't all that great. Sorry, Fuku.
2	Food trucks are totally trendy these days, so I figured I should try one out. I'm always on the lookout for good late-night food to soak up the booze, so I went over to Chinatown one night to try a Fukuburger and see what all the kids are raving about.Basically, it's just greasy burgers and fries...albeit with a few unusual ingredients. And kind of expensive! In-N-Out is a way better value, and the ingredients are just as fresh and wholesome. But, In-N-Out closes at 1am...so I guess if you're hungry after that, you might try this truck.The one thing Fuku has going for it is the ambiance -- when I went, it was parked in a huge parking lot in Chinatown, surrounded by tailgating kids smoking hookah and hanging out. It was like a little outdoor Fuku-festival, which was neat.But on the merits of food alone....meh.
5	Loved it, my favorite is the Tamago Burger and Fukuburger definitely needs a vegetarian burger!. I keep getting the same question every time I recommend Fuku to someone!!.
4	We were the first to get there when they opened at 8 p.m. I had been on a diet for a month and so the taste of the burger was amazing! We got the special-it was on grilled bread with mushrooms. The portion was not big but it was just normal size. The fries portion was small and nothing special-garlic fries. The workers there are very nice. It got crowded quick-so they must have a lot of fans. Def. better than Slidin Thru, thats for sure. If it were up to my fiance, we would be back again.
5	Food Streats across from the El Cortez was amazing...so many people, live DJ's, cool booths and great food trucks. I had the Fuku Karai spicy burger and it was really good! Soft, spicy and yummy!! I also enjoyed the thick  fries....
5	Definitely on par with the best of them Lost Wages burger joints.. but on wheels! Stopped by here after another shootin' session at American Shooters and just by chance met Max, who happens to be from the same culinary school I attended back home, and like the rest of us came from the bay area which made for some interesting conversation. In anycase, big up goes out to dude for making the homie something vegetarian -- on the fly! She was pretty impressed! Respect!My other friend enjoyed his Buta-Burger while I enjoyed the Fuku Burger, which I pretty much demolished in no time flat. Proving that theres Fukin something at Fuku for everyone. I gotta try the rest of their food! Does anyone know if they have a consistent schedule or not? Twitter, their facebook or website hasn't been much help.
4	Fukuburger is not your typical food truck or roach coach. Before the recent food truck movement, people rarely perceived these 'kitchens on wheels' as outlets they wanted to eat at. Today, the public's mindset has done a complete 180 and FT's like Fukuburger are now experiencing large, almost cult-like, fan followings. The reason why Fuku has gained such notoriety and acclaim can be attributed, in large part, to the unique menu items that they offer and their ability to successfully execute their food on a consistent basis.  I've eaten at Fukuburger numerous times and have had the pleasure to experience each of their Asian/pacific-island inspired burgers. My favorite burgers are the 'Kinoko' - mushroom burger - and the 'Fuku-Burger' - lucky burger. Though, the item I order the most is the Nagadog; no visit to Fuku is complete without it. I love the crisp snap of the hot-link sausage; the creaminess of the wasabi mayo; and the crunch and texture of the kimchi - there's no better hot dog on the planet. Other items they offer include the 'Loco Moco' and 'Naga Moco'. The Loco and Naga are almost entirely the same dish and only distinguished by their main source of protein; Loco - Hamburger patty and Naga - hot-link sausage. Both of them come with rice, one fried egg and gravy; a great meal to have for when it's cold outside.
5	You need to eat here! Check its daily schedule. Fusion burgers at its best at a low price. My favorite is the tamago burger with garlic fries and extra crack sauce. Good food and good people!
5	Many people won't know this, but the word "fuck" comes from the Japanese Fuku, which means 'to make romance explosion of flavor in your mouth".Not really, but i'm sure a few people will fall for it.I had the weekend off from work and decided right away that Fukuburger was to be on the top of the list of things I wanted to do.Fukuburger and 2 other trucks had made camp in Chinatown @ Spring Mountain and Wynn.the Fukus set up buckets for people to sit on and eat.I'm a little too awesome to sit on a bucket, so I went ate in the car.I ordered up the Fukuburger, Togarashi Garlic Fries and a Sunkist.Order was up pretty quick and I retreated to the car to commence the ritual.Turned on the air-conditioning, blasted some Amon Amarth and took a bite....holy fuku!The flavor assaults your tastebuds right away and brings you to orgasm.The fries were amazing, probably the best I've ever had.The burger is probably the 2nd best I've ever had.This is definitely a truck that I will be stalking in the future.Fuku you all.
4	I came here for my second visit last weekend during the Food Network food truck invasion. I had to order the Tamago burger which is heaven. I don't think you can ever go wrong with fried egg on a burger. But, I also had the Jazz fries and FUK! It was unreal, the crack sauce with the gravy holy shit! So good, it took me back to my youth traveling Canada for hockey with gravy on fries being normal then adding a unique but delicious flavor of the crack sauce. The service was also faster than the last time I came when i waited a half hour for 2 burgers.
1	The other night I was starving so I turned to my handy dandy yelp to see what was around me that I could munch on, I came across fukuburger and saw the reviews and though OMG I have to try this!!!!!! When I got there, there was a young crowd eating their food on home depot buckets while loud music was blasting, I thought to myself this is going to be awesome, def my new spot for munchies late at night. To start off I didn't know where i could place my order, I got passed that we literally ordered everything on the menu and split each thing in half. Ill start with the good, the fries with extra crack sauce was ammmmazing, I def would be back just for that. Now for the bad, the food just didn't have any distinct flavor that stuck out the meat was almost raw it looked like they cooked in maybe a min on each side, when you bite into any of the burgers the center was bloody. I honestly thought that they were bland not well prepared, and you could tell they do not take any pride in what they do. Yes it might just be a food truck, but I've eaten at many food trucks, that not only had amazing flavor but presentation. The burgers were super sloppy and looked like they were thrown together. The wait time was HORRIBLE!!!!!!!! Please go somewhere else do not follow the hype definitely not worth the money. The fries maybe.
5	Like I've noted in past reviews, it takes a lot for me to find recognition in a strictly burger atmosphere. Fukuburger is delicious. While the menu is small and doesn't provide as much variety as Bachi Burger could, what they do offer is a lot of flavor and punch to their burgers. The burgers with mushrooms, "the egg burger", and the hot dogs are amazing! I feel like while the jazz fries could sabotage my healthy eating (hahaha!), they are addictive! There is always a crowd that comes no matter where they go, and you run into some pretty interesting people for conversations. Definitely a favorite!
4	Finally tried this food truck at the Vegas StrEats Festival in Downtown LV after hearing so much about it, and I definitely agree that they make some damn good burgers.I tried the Fuku-burger and it was cooked to perfection with some great flavors.  It definitely has an asian flair to it.  I also tried their garlic fries, and I would say that it also tastes amazing, and it complements the burger nicely.The price is awesome, as I only spent $9 on a burger, fries, and a drink (unlike some gourmet burger places that will run you up close to $25 dollars for the same type of order).The menu isn't complicated and I am looking forward to trying some of their other burgers.  Oh, and if you tip them they give you this asian jelly treat and yell out "Tip Jelly!"
5	What an incredible burger! I'm definitely a Tamago burger fan. Fries are excellent and perfectly cooked. I really like the strawberry lemonade which is worth the $1 re-fill... My only complaint is the canned soda. Bury them in ice so they stay cold!Oh, and my kids love Fukuburger, which is a testament to the deliciousness of the food. We love to support local street food vendors. Keep up the great work.
3	Fukuburger had the longest line and wait at this month's StrEATS. After a half-hour we finally had a Karai Burger in hand. It was tender and it had good flavor, but I really expected it to be more spicy. It had more of a sweet heat.
5	Amazing food, amazing service...   If you like burgers and a fun expeirience then hands-down you need to check it out... The #2 was to die for!  :)
5	Came here this past weekend, I had #1 and he had #3. Both burgers were awesome. They were at Studio 21 Tattoo and there was not a big line. The patty for my burger was done medium rare, which is perfect for me but I thought it would've made more sense if they asked how well done I wanted it. Had a bite of the #3 and the Japanese BBQ sauce did the trick and made the burger perfect. All their burgers look pretty good, can't wait to try them all :)
4	Food trucks? In high school I would have stayed away for sure. We called them roach trucks. How times have changed!. Food trucks are in vogue now and no matter what city you go to you can have a great, cheap meal on wheels. Fuku is a unique setup. The menu is small but the food doesn't taste bad whatsoever. My wife and daughter had the garlic fries and the Macaroni salad. $2 each so not bad at all. I had the burger with egg (Tamago) and the spicey burger (Karai). At $5 a pop they are sort of expensive but they are fresh and definitely have an Asian flavor. I didn't care for the egg burger as the egg was a little runny. The spicey burger was better, tasted really good. I want to try the chicken and hotdog next. It's very different from your run of the mill american burgers and fries. If you want to try something different give Fuku a try. Sitting in the open air in Chinatown; enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Can't wait to try it again.
5	The Fukuburger truck has been stopping by the tattoo parlor right next to my house every Wednesday for who knows how long now, so I finally decided to mosey on over and give them a try last week. I got the Tamago burger, the Chicken Katsu burger, and some garlic fries to share with my husband.OK, so the fries are really nothing special. The garlic flavor is very faint, especially since the burgers are so flavorful, so they're really just there to give you something to munch on and dip in sauce. But I didn't really go for the fries, and the burgers did not disappoint!The Tamago burger is wonderfully soft, and the flavors are sweet and savory and you're probably going to be craving them later. It's messy but the runny egg yolk is half the fun--just be careful not to yolk yourself!The Chicken Katsu burger ended up being our favorite though, by far! It's a huge piece of delicious chicken katsu with a wonderful crunchy crust, on a bun with cabbage and katsu sauce. The menu says it has wasabi mayo on it too, but I didn't actually notice it. It is SO GOOD! I just wanted to keep eating that thing, unfortunately I had to give half of it to my husband. Half a Tamago burger was a good consolation prize, but we both agreed that the Katsu burger is where it's at.Long story short, their fries are OK, but their burgers are what's bringing me back there for round 2 tonight!!
4	First time to this burger truck as our local friend took a couple of us out to eat before partying....It's a burger truck with some Asian/ Hawaiian influence.  The burgers are average in size but the patties are very thick and juicy( lots of flavors!!) I had a cheese burger with shitake mushrooms and my friends got a moco loco type dish with rice. The prices are affordable they also sell specialty hot dogs.  It could get pretty busy no seating outside just some big empty buckets.  I like this place and would come here again when in Vegas.
2	I think my luck with Fukuburger is all negative or neutral at best.  Way back on July 1 (pre-grand opening) when I was following them on their blog and went to a Chinatown location at 8pm, where they said they will show up, but ended up being a no show after 60-90 minutes.  Then I waited in a line at one of the food truck rallies, thinking it was for Fukuburger, but the long line snaked its way to Slidin' Thru, and I ended up missing that opportunity.Anyway, finally thought my luck has turned when I was the second order placed at the Ellis Island sponsored Food Truck Smash-Up event.  When I received my burgers (#3 Buta-Burger & #5 Karai) I was pretty excited.  Finally a short line and short wait for this elusive and much loved burger, I thought.  Quickly navigating my way to a table in the shades, I took two pictures and attacked the burgers.  When I picked it up, I noticed that it was pretty greasy, to the point that almost 1/3 of the bun was soggy from the puddle of Fuku Patty grease.  As burgers goes, I was thinking this was no better than the cheap and greasy burgers served at hole-in-the-wall bowling alleys, and all the people that love and rave about Fukuburger must be on crack.At this point it would be a 1 star review.  But then I see the burgers that others ordered and I did not see the grease soaked buns or the puddle of melted fat in the paper trays, and realized that the food truck gods have dissed me again!Knowing that they can make and serve better burgers, I will give them one more try, but if the consistency is again on the negative side then that will be that + a down grade to 1 star for serving subpar food and lack of proper QA.1 star for the food + 1 more star because I know they can serve better ones than the ones I received for popping my Fukuburger cherry.
4	had the number 3 burger it was very good and tastey
5	This is by far one of the best food trucks I've ever eaten at.  I've been to Fukuburger enough times to try everything on the menu and I must say that I've never had a bad experience.  Every bite of any of the items on the menu are chock full of flavor!Favorite thing to order is the Tamago.The Naga dog is pretty bomb also, so if you're not in the mood for a burger, this will get you your Fuku fix.Also when you order make sure you get fries.  The seasoning and dipping sauces are awesome and if you're feeling crazy, get the Jazz fries.  If you don't feel like getting fries, get the macaroni salad.  Also very bomb.Aside from all the good food, the staff is very friendly and they show plenty of gratitude to their patrons.  Sometimes they even give away free fries if they feel that we've been waiting too long (never had to wait more than 15 min).Whenever we have visitors in town, we make sure to take them to the Fuku truck.5 STARS!  Keep up the good work!
4	Went there the other day.  I had the #3 (their version of a bacon cheeseburger,) fries and a drink.  I thought the prices were a little high at first, but I walked away very full, so I changed my mind on that one.The burger was fantastic, and fries were covered in seasoning salt, which I love.Only complaint, they put mayo on everything (not listed on the burger ingredients,) and I detest that stuff.  At least put it on the menu if it's going on the burger...  Regardless, I'll be back.
4	I LOVE THESE BURGERS!!!!Each burger is unique in their own way however I would have to agree that putting a few asian ingredients on a burger and calling it 'asian fusion' isn't the way to go. These are just regular burgers with some special sauces and ingredients that regular burger joints don't have but the mixture that fuku has just tastes so good~! I have tried every burger on the menu and my fav would have to be the Kinoko burger. Yes the burgers are greasy, yes it has lots of mayonnaise and whatnot but it just tastes great! The only complain that I have is the long lines. The food truck is just too popular and sometimes the wait can be 20min. =( The prices are also a little high for the size of the burger. Should definitely try this place once!!
4	Fukuburger, you better get there early or you find yourself waiting in line. I had a number 4 which was a medium cooked juicy patty that was between a well toasted bun, topped with grilled mushrooms to perfection & drizzled with a special sweet mayo sauce that had a hint of spiciness that just makes your mouth water for more. That's just the burger, you can't forget about the fries & and the special homemade lemonade. Fries are deep fried to a golden brown, well cut fries that has a crisp when you bight into it & a soft inside where you can actually taste the potato. They serve it 3 different ways. An original batch where it is lightly salted, served on the side with their mayo sauce & ketchup. Garlic fries which to be honest was prepared with garlic salt not with real garlic, not something I was too fond of. And Jazz fries which is something to try, if you do not like mayo then this is not for you. 2 differnt unique sauces that is drizzled on top. A sweet mayo that makes you forget about ketchup & another sauce that is too hard to describe, you just have to try it for yourself. Homemade Lemonade that will make your face pucker for some more. A sweet & tangy drink that is like no other. Watch out this is no quench relief, but it is something that you will enjoy.
5	best burgers in town!the patties they use are amazing if its not kobe its way better than kobe!its the juiciest burgers most flavorful flavors you can imagineits just really good fusion between japanese and burgers! the fuku burger with egg is the best and the mac salad is simple yet tasty!
5	Great group of people who work there. They are so funny, and friendly. They get personal. Not like awkward personal or weird personal, but like you made a new friend kind of personal. I idea of having people get together to socialize and enjoy food and company merits them five stars already. Their food is great! I love love love their fries (if read my reviews I have a thing for french fries. I don't know why...), and their secret sauce. I've tried to surrender my body to them hoping they'll give me the recipe for their secret fuku fry sauce, but they just ended up overcharging me for  even trying to make such a crazy attempt. I suggest the Tamago and Fuku burger. The tamago is the egg burger. Fuku burger has your usual toppings along with their special fuku sauce. They do a bunch of events, and they are very fan based. Follow them on twitter! :) oh...and definitely tip them. It doesn't matter how much, but if you do you'r in for a "tip jelly treat!" Oh..and tell JJ janel said hi :)
5	Yooooooooo...Fukuburger snapped like a cheap bra strap. Holy crap.My LV buddy was in my neck of the woods [Chicago] a few weeks back and I showed him around to the Chi's best burger. In return, he said he'd do the same when I was in Sin City. My guy delivered like whoa.We caught the Fukuburger Truck at Vegas StrEATS [which as a truck meet was amazing, and puts Chicago's truck summit to shame]. But as alluring and tempting as the other trucks were, I was there on a mission: to get Fuku'd.The truck itself is a street artists canvas: it's loud and out there with stickers, pictures, and colors galore. They take orders outside of the truck. The gal was standing on top of a stool to relay orders the the buger-magicians inside. You can vaguely see the magic happen through the stickered windows.I ordered the #2 [Tamago/egg burger], #3 [buta-burger/pig burger], and some fries with a very delish dipping sauce.The Tamago was UHHH-MAYYYYYY-ZING!! Most egg burgers that I've had were completely fried, not runny eggs. This bad boy was runnier than a sick kid's nose, not that I'm complaining or anything. To top it off, the Tamago is smothered in a teriyaki sauce that takes this burger up another notch.And ya know I had to order the one named "buta-burger" just cuz it's name. It's got everything that I like: burger, bacon, cheese, bbq sauce. drooL. One of the best things about these burgers is the bun. It is sweet, kinda like a Hawaiian roll.Service is legit; they're friendly and funny, and they'll call you by name when your order is ready. Oh, and what kind of food truck accepts credit cards?? Fuku does. Fuku does. But you may not even need the plastic with a $5 price tag.
5	I was fortunate to stumble across this truck in the parking lot of Frank's Tiki Room after having a couple of drinks. I had yet to join the Food Truck craze here in Vegas so this was my break in experience. We were greeted by a nice friendly young women who was kind enough to take the time to go over their popular dishes. I ordered the No 3: Buta-Burger "Pig Burger" with no sides. I just wanted a quick light late night meal. This burger has miso glazed applewood smoked bacon, double American cheese, onions, pickled ginger and Japanese BBQ sauce. The bacon was nice and thick with great flavor which went well with this combination of ingredients. I found the whole experience to be great. I will definitely be on the look out for their truck in the future.Highly Recommend grabbing a quick lunch or late night snack when you see this truck in a parking lot somewhere.
4	I loved my first fukuburger. It was item #4 on the menu- the kinoko mushroom burger.  I enjoyed the juicy meat, the wasabi mayo, the ginger and shitake mushroom - all ingredients I loved.  I promise to try more from your menu fukuburger! I will see you again!
5	We all have had a chance to try dozens and dozens of burgers all over the place. Well FUKU is unique. They have managed to give their burgers that extra twist that makes it worth the trip. Their fries are good too. Well done guys.
4	Okay, so I finally tried this thing. The burger was quite tasty. I had the #3. Can't remember the exact name, but it's basically their ~sweet burger and they pull it off. I've had ~sweet burgers from other places before that were full of fail as they either made me feel like I should have just went on ahead and have an ice cream sandwich or they weren't sweet at all. This one had the perfect ratio of sweetness and burger flavor. One gripe I have is that they place mayo on everything. As you all know, I'm a mayonnaise hating machine, and the #3 comes with wasabi mayo (OMG GROSS) but the menu doesn't say so. Yeah, they should really put that on the menu so fellow mayo haters like me will know to tell them to hold it on that particular item. However, when I told them my burger had mayo and I didn't want it they quickly took it back and replaced it with no problem, so I'll let it slide. The prices are unfortunately rather steep as a burger, fries and a drink will be almost $10, but it's a pretty damn good burger and something that's worth a try at least once due to the out of the ordinary concept, so I think that the $5 price tag for the burger is worth it.
5	Food truck happiness in a little paper tray.We hit Fuku during the impromptu Pimpin' Street Party about 2 weeks ago and all I can say is "mamzatsoodood." I think that was, "Oh man, that's soooo good..." Or something equally appreciative of my mouth being full of a Naga Dog at that exact moment.Spicy and sweet - my favorite - the dog itself was spicy (you could choose a milder weiner, but I opted to go full tilt into this experience), then topped with a wasabi aioli, roasted kimchee (wow!), peppers and spices, and a sprinkling of crunchy nori. I know I am probably missing something in the description but it all boils down to this: amazing freaking hot dog.If you are like me and avoid bread and breadly-type items, ask for it protein-style. They'll plate it on a broad lettuce leaf to help you pick it up and eat it. The lettuce helps, trust me, and adds a bit of crunch without taking away from the flavors of the food they're serving... plus, it's a food truck, folks; no silverware should be allowed, even the plastic kind.A friend of mine ordered the same thing I did (but opted for the bun) and said much of the same mouth-full-gibberish I did. I don't think I have seen two people shove wein.... err... eat hot dogs so fast in my life.So, Fuku! I know I will... ;)
5	My recommendation: Tamago BurgerThe lines take forever but it's fine because the rest of the customers waiting are really friendly. The Tomago Burger is to die for. I was a little skeptical about the idea of putting egg on my burger, but I'm glad I did. The egg doesn't taste "eggy" at all, but instead "cheesy". The flavors mix well together . The truck is only open during late hours, which I am totally ok with. I'd rather not stand in those long lines in the blisterng sun.Remember to tip for a special suprise ;)
4	Great food, but don't get it to go.This is for two reasons.One, the burgers can get incredibly soggy very fast, so I don't think they would last a tripTwo, the people and the areas they usually go to are quite fun.Usually a lot of very friendly people and they can be quite talkative.On my most recent trip I ended up going on the 4th of July on their birthday and they even had a Taiko demonstration.  The burgers are juicy, somewhat small but usually filling and the jazz fries are delicious.Definitely worth checking out.
5	Amazing burgers and great service. The atmosphere is relaxed as you relax with friends and fans of this delicious food truck.
5	I had what i believe was the Pig Burger. Damn it was good with the bacon and the burger still a little pink on the inside. Seems like Kimchi was on top. Had the Garlic Fries and Strawberry Lemonade for about what i spend at Mc Donalds. And never give your real name. They like for you to be kreative with it. They give you ketchup and some other sauce for the fries but they are damn fine without it. I will follow this truck around.
5	Wow! Why does all the yummy stuff in life have to be pizzas, wings, and burgers? Especially Fukuburgers!  I'm not a big burger fan, I mean I rarely order one in a restaurant and whatnot, but I'm always up for trying out something new.  And boy, I'm glad I did!So I had some Fukuburger about two days ago, ate the #2 Tamago Burger and everything was just perfect.  The sauce, meat, buns, were all so good.  Despite the fact that my car battery died and I was stranded there for a couple hours, my experience with Fukuburger will always be memorable: The buckets flipped over and used for seats, people sitting on the hood of their cars eating, good music BUMPING up the parking lot through the Fukuburger Truck sound systems. It was all a great experience for me (except the part when I was trying to start the car in vain. Thankfully, there were some friendly people and I was able to jump start the car :D).I always thought they were located on Spring Mountain, but I talked with Jasmine and they move around depending on the day of the week.  Their schedule is on their website so check it out before going.  This is definitely something I would recommend to a friend visiting town.
5	Wow. Amazing.
5	I had the Tamago Burger and it's amazingly delicious.    Over easy egg on top of the Chuck Grilled Meat, Tomago Futo Furikaki, Teriyaki Sauce, Crispy string onions and Wasabi Mayo:) Don't forget the Buns:) Definitely the BEST  BURGER  in Vegas:) Service was excellent and the staff was friendly...  Please open a Fukuburger in San Francisco....
5	FIVE STARS WHY? here we go: TIME: Fast courteous service by a hottie that was high in sugar....upselled and suggested items that were not in the menu or are a rare item on the menu. Food was out in 7 to 10 minutes. TASTE: -OMG! Burger #1 (Fuku burger) was amazingly good, in my 10yrs in Vegas it has to be one of the best burgers in recent memory, the beef on my burger was really fresh and tasty, their ingredients are fresh and you can taste every single one of them and they are all taste of high quality. -their Spicy Hot Dog was also excellent, it had spicy stuff inside the dog itself just enough to give it a kick but not too much to make your mouth burn - also their French Fries were good, very different from the other generic fast food places, as you bite the crunchy edges the seasoning makes you salivate just in time for the inside of the french fry (which taste like actual potato) mix and have a great combination of seasoning and potato. CLEANLINESS: The food truck itself is clean but keep in mind you will be spending your time in a parking lot....and parking lots can be messy, so if you are a clean freak you can take it to go or eat in the comfort of your car otherwise chill there with the other cool people, dance if you want to, grab a bucket to seat or seat on a ledge somewhere...its good times around the truck. The rundown: Awesome food that's great tasting and will not stink your hands and mouth up like fast food places, different, fun and at a great price. look for them around your neighborhood in their website. :)
4	We all know the hype surrounding Fuku and whatnot. Burgers are the bomb. However, out of the two we purchased one was very raw and undercooked. This made me sad because the that was cooked was soooo freaking delicious.Great Staff. Nice to look at.Definately will go back.Food Truck for the win.
4	I am finally getting around to review Fukuburger.  It is seriously one of the best burgers I've had in Vegas.  I had the Tomago burger and it was excellent.  I love the combination of the crispy onion rings and the egg on my burger.  The only problem is that it's sticky street food.  I applied pressure on the burger to condense the onion rings so that it would fit in my mouth, not realizing that putting pressure on the egg would send it flying.  So watch out!
4	I was in luck....my man and I were going to Frankie's Tiki Room and spotted the Fukuburger truck in the parking lot. I had read a lot of the reviews on here saying how great it was. Boy were y'all right. We had just finished dinner somewhere so I was already full but I couldn't pass up this opportunity. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with pickled ginger.Oh my goodness....it was so tender and flavorful. I was enjoying sitting on the curb. I also got to converse with the staff and they were really chill and friendly (they even offered me some of their hookah pipe..I passed but I still thought it was nice). If I see them again I will DEFINITELY stop to eat. Melo at Frankie's said I needed to try their fries that are covered in some form of sauce. Till next time Fukuburger.
5	Seems like all my reviews are 5 stars, guess I just know the good spots to eat!! Fuku Burger was beyond words. The burger was seasoned to perfection, the bun was ever so soft, the bacon wasn't too chewy or crisp just right, the sauce on it was undescribable and the pickeled ginger broght this exotic explosion to bring the burger to an alimighty experience. OHHHHH EMMMM GEEEE just writing about it made me want another one!!!! Oh and the strawberry lemonade was greatness! All in all I see me stalking all their locations, (well within in my jurisdiction..gas is still pretty high!!)
5	Driving around with my brother and Katrina M., we had passed by the 215/Rainbow intersection, and decided that Fukuburger was a necessary pit stop. I've heard so much about how the Vegas food truck scene had blown up while I was out of town, and I was excited to experience it for myself. Oh Fukuburger, you are the stuff of dreams.Katrina M. recommended I get the Tamago Burger, and ever since, it has been a personal favorite. In addition to her order of the special that day, we decided to get the Mac salad as well as Garlic Fries. Sometimes, if I go to bed hungry, I dream of the Tamago burger - all of its deliciousness in the form of burger, bun, egg, crispy onion rings, and with an addition of Teriyaki sauce. Oh my, as you progress through the burger, the yolk starts to seep out and mix with the Teriyaki, forming a sauce that man simply can't duplicate. The mac salad was surprising really. It was light with just the perfect amount of mayo (impressive considering I am usually a staunch opponent to all things mayo). The fries were pretty good as well, fried up perfectly with the right amount of garlic and seasoning.This being my first food truck, I am amazed to see how Vegas is slowly becoming more and more food-conscious. No longer are the days where McDonald's reigns supreme with deliciousness like Fukuburger around the corner.
5	I love Fuku. They are at Wynn & Spring Mountain every Friday, that is when I go. The burgers are juicy and delicious, they have flavors you wouldn't expect but go so well together. Get the macaroni salad, amazing!
4	An american classic with an Asian twist. Burgers are really good and also their naga dogs with asian flavors is a hit! We do find ourselves doing fuku burgers every 2 months. Prices are affordable and the place is great for after hours dining.
4	The burger patties are worth the 5 bucks. They look small, but are really thick and filling :) I know I thought it was too little and wasn't enough but ended up being pretty full after. I've gone here twice!  I've tried the Buta-burger and karai.Buta-burger: for some reason, I felt like it was really salty, but the sweet like sauce made up for it.Karai- As my first burger, I thought it was pretty good (though I think I got too excited over it). It was just some special spicy sauce and some cucumber. EhhA bit of the Tamago--I loved it. It made me regret every burger I've had so far with fuku burger...it was so delicious. :( I almost was tempted to go buy it, but was already filled! DEFINITELY TRY IT FIRST! I cheated myself out by not trying it my first time. Next time I plan on getting those delicious fries I've heard rumors about and the Tamago! And we'll see then!
4	Awesome burger with a Japanese Flair.  Its the marriage traditional Japanese cuisine flavors and the good old fashion american burger.  If you are in Vegas you must check it out to see some cool cars and eat some greasy amazing goodness.  The price i think is fair and the ingredients are fresh with the servings you receive to be just enough and not overwhelmingly large.
3	I'm not too familiar with Japanese hamburgers but Fukuburger's was pretty good.Their 'crack sauce' on their fries made me do a double take.  "I'm sorry, what's on your fries?"  Prices were good too ($5 hamburger, $3 for fries).  Most food truck prices are pretty expensive here in LA.A solid 3.5 / 5 stars
5	Epic!! Mind-Blowing!! AmAzInG!! are the words I'm using to describe my experience with Fukuburger. I tried It outside Insert Coins after a night of heavy bar hopping and was COMPLETELY HYPNOTIZED by the Intoxicating smell coming from a very bright colored food truck, so much so that I think I may have been floating to the truck while under my trance.....
5	After you've had Fukuburger, no other burger tastes as good! Hands down the best in Las Vegas
4	I have heard of the Fukuburger truck a couple of months ago and was always curious. I recently watched the foodnetwork show "The Great Food Truck Race 2" In the first episode, Fukuburger makes an appearance and that made me even more curious. Well, tonight craving a burger around midnight, I remembered where the infamous truck would be and just went for it. Yeah pictures from other reviews helped so when I went I was just dam hungry. I didn't expect to spend 20 bucks for me and the wife but hey it was an adventure and worth the cost. I got the Tamago Burger(topped with onion strings, an egg with teriyaki sauce) and wife got the Kinoko Burger(topped with shiitake mushrooms and red ginger) Our sides with Garlic fries and Mac Salad. Drinks recommended by the cute server was Strawberry Lemonade X 2. We ordered to go but the atmosphere reminded me of a Friday night in high school looking for house parties and races with nice rims and fast cars. You want to tell everyone check out my decked out CRX Powered by Mugen! Overall the food was excellent and the next time I will try totally something new. They had an asian version of Chicken and waffles I wanted but how much can stuff their face in one night. Sorry folks! I am still in a food coma and now back to the food. Burger was medium rare just how I like it and the Garlic fries came with a mayonnaise and ketchup. I am very old school and have never ever put anything but ketchup and on rare occasions cheese sauce. But the white stuff was bam bam bong bam. Perfect with the fires. The strawberry lemonade was not super sweet like most place ad went very well with allt he food. How strange is that. Strawberry lemonade goes good with Japanese fusioned burgers. I think it is worth giving a shot once. Just make sure to find out where they will be the various days of the week.
2	I like beef. I probably could eat beef everyday if it wouldn't kill me. In my life to date, I've probably demolished a nice little gaggle of cows. Now being a fan of the prime rib as I am, I find ground beef to be somewhat unexciting. My bf loves burgers. I tolerate them. Occasionally, I do have a craving for one. So imagine the stage. I am at Vintage Vegas and I am hungry. Lulu's is serving up stuff a little too rich for my blood today. My mom goes to hit Sloppi Jo's cause they have frog legs.I see Fukuburger. The line is long. I check my mental list of food trucks. I have not had Fukuburger. Yay! I get to try something new. A burger sounds really good right now. I order the Tamago with fries and a lemonade. I'm sippin' on my drink waiting for my food. I'm waiting quite a while, but I have no worries cause I see them dishin' it out as fast as they can go. So it's finally my turn. Hmm, this is a bit small. I take a couple of bites. The flavor of the meat's not bad. It's quite ?sweet?, kind of greasy. Onions are crunchy. Egg is way overcooked. Fries are crispy and garlicky but nothing to write home about. *sigh* So far the best thing has been the lemonade.Well, they tried. Or maybe their taste just doesn't match mine. I seriously could make a better bigger (and cheaper!) hamburger at home.
4	David Williams constant twitter hype, long days at the 2011 WSOP, people willing to pickup your food for you.  Nuff said.The burgers are creative with strong Asian flavors that really satisfy after a long day of grinding.  Props to the mushroom burger (shitake and wasabi mayo) and the spicy burger (chili infused mayo and kabayaki sauce).   The meat itself is what you would expect.  Its good and cooked well but hey, this is not the Burger Bar and you are not paying $15 for it.These burgers are not for everyone.  They are juicy, greasy, basically messy to eat.  Wait too long and the bun is mush. But if you're one of us with the winning "it's all good" attitude, Fukuburger delivers.
4	Always heard friends raving about this place and they were totally right. The food is def. good. Burgers were kind of small for the price but the taste was totally there. Amazing how people flock to a truck and sit on buckets to eat but thats the whole experience! The staff there are def. helpful if youve never been there before and help you choose what to get! Just check there truck schedual and you will know where to find them and you def cant miss the big red truck on the side of the road! Def a must try for a good burger and meal that will hit your taste buds and keep your stomach satisfied!
3	This place has been on my list to try for what seems to be eons.  I fell in love with the allure of Las Vegas food trucks about six months ago and due to the limited time that I had, I wasn't afforded the opportunity eat at Fukuburger.  That all changed Saturday night and sadly, it didn't live up to the hype surrounding it in my opinion.  The burger was good, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't the out of body experience that everyone made it out to be.I completely loved the atmosphere of the place.  I was able to make it to "Saturday Night Food Fest" or whatever its called in front of Johnny Rocker's and was very impressed with the layout and the overall ambiance.  It was close to 2 in the morning and people were talking, laughing and just having a great time overall.  There were five food trucks in the parking lot and I had decided to try Fukuburger based on the fanfare it received from all of their patrons.  Again, this burger was good, I don't want to detract from the quality because I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It just wasn't otherworldly as many others proclaimed it to be.  I ordered the #3 and was pleased with the pricing and the speed in which I received my food.  The #3 is their Buta or "Pig" Burger and it included Applewood Smoked Bacon, American Cheese, Onion, Pickled Ginger and their version of a Japanese BBQ Sauce.  I found the burger to be small and overly messy.  It tasted fine, but I really couldn't taste the flavor of the meat itself because it was slathered with a ton of sauce, which often times hides the quality of the meat.I will most certainly give Fukuburger another chance when I return to Vegas in a couple of months, but for now, it's pretty good, nothing more, nothing less.
5	My mouth is watering as I write this, I've always heard of Fuckuburger but the last couple times I went to Vegas, I just never got the chance to try it out. 2 nights ago, I decided this would have to be mandatory and made sure to make the trek out to find the infamous foodie truck that all my friends had been buzzing about all year. Well as I pulled into the Bank of America parking lot off Spring Mountain Road. I felt as though I had been propelled into a scene from The Fast and The Furious, everyone was kicking it on their trucks & the vibe was hypnotic! There was a small line & I studied the pics on the side of the truck, I settled for The Pig Burger number 3, a Naga Dog & Garlic Fries. The sweet & gorgeous Jasmine who took my order was really nice & had no altitude. Everyone around me seemed relaxed and just enjoying their food. As soon as my order came up & I pulled up an orange bucket, my mouth seriously started to water. DAMMMMMMMMMMMMMN the garlic fries were popping & my mouth exploded with flavor. I bit into the burger, another flavor explosion, then the Naga Dog. It was like an explosion of flavor fireworks going off one after another, my tastebuds = pure heaven. I seriously inhaled my food so fast, that I immediately ordered a Tamago Burger with a fried egg on top. Was I full, Yes! Was I happy? HELL YES! It's so addictive & I am so coming back. Crack on a Bun!
5	I remember when my best friend who goes to UNLV came home and said he found a better burger than Hodad's. For those of you who don't know what Hodad's is, it's the best burger down here in San Diego, period. I thought that would always be the case. I figured that I would never find one anywhere better than Hodad's. Then I tried Fukuburger. It was the first thing I did when I got to Vegas. I took that first bite, and my heart sunk as my palate danced for joy. I couldn't believe it. I found a burger that tastes better than a Hodad's double cheeseburger SACed. Damnit though this burger is so good. It was the #1 that thoroughly pleased me. I also ordered the #3 at my friends urging, he said to try them both for good measure. They're cheap, delicious, kind of small, but oh so delicious. I still can't wrap my mind around it. Yes, I would rather have a Hodad's burger since it's one of my favorite eating establishments in the world due to the atmosphere and the food, but seriously Fukuburger needs to take a road trip about 5 hours southwest to San Diego so I can experience that wonderfulness again soon. I also tried the garlic fries which were good, and a side of kim chi which was also really good. I love Fukuburger.
2	OVERRATED. I've heard nothing but amazing things about this place so I was pretty excited to try it last friday when they had the truck parked outside of Vanguard downtown. I waited about 10 minutes on the line to order. 15 minutes waiting for the food. So it was a 25-30 minute wait to get the food and to me, it was not worth it at all.1st off- I made my order totally clear. I repeated myself about 3 times that I would like 2 #3's (Buta-Burgers) both with just cheese,ketchup and bacon and add an egg to one of them and fries. Again... - 2 bacon cheeseburgers plain with no sauce or onions or anything, one with an egg- i'll pay extra for the egg. And also one order of fries. When I got my order, of course, there were 3 burgers, 2 plain bacon cheeseburgers and the egg burger. Grrr. Hate that!! These burgers were the most average burgers I've had in my life. Honestly, they seemed like they were frozen patties with like soy sauce or something on them. I'll give them that their fries were pretty good and so was their chili mayo.The only way I would ever get food from them again was if I was starving, there was no line, and it was the only thing in front of me at that moment.
4	I tried their Fuku burger and it was delicious. It was very juicy but I think it is because there was so much sauce not because of the beef. It was so busy and expensive because their burgers are small. It wasn't very worth the 30 minute car ride, the 15 minute wait in line to order, and the additional 20 minute wait for them to finish making the order. All this for two burgers that cost $11. It was a new and different experience though. The crowd was a little creepy - it seemed like everyone present at the time were loitering stoners (or stoners just waiting for their orders).It was around West Tropicana at the time I think, in a small strip mall close to a smoke shop. It can be cool hangout spot if you come with larger groups of people.
5	First time I heard about this place was from a security guard while I was locked in a room with a couple buddies inside the Venetian! LOL Nothing serious, but it sure was a night to remember (or forget...)Anyway, on our way out of the hotel a security guard informed us of what he considered to be one of the best places to eat in town. FUKUBURGER! I've only tried one burger, but that one burger (TAMAGO burger) was amaaaaaaazing.--Each burger is a little over $5.--When i visited, the truck was located West of the 15 on Spring st. across the street from Lee's sandwiches. I'm pretty sure it moves around though.--The burger only took about 5 minutes to prepare once my order was placed.--There's a Fuku-lady (came up with that one myself -_-)  that walks around and helps with your order.
5	I have been going to Fuku since they started and I am never disappointed, ever. I love love love the tamago burger, its hands down my favorite burger in LV so far. The bun is perfect, the patty is always cooked just the way I like it, flavorful and juicy. Had pretty much everything on the menu and its all super tasty. Try the jazz fries, and mac salad too. This is a food truck in vegas worth tracking down and becoming a regular at.
5	My momma was in town and the hubby and I had been talking about trying this place out, I have never eaten off of a food truck and trust me my momma hadn't probably even heard of such a thing (we're from small town midwest-some of them don't get out much!)  We headed downtown last weekend for a wonderful first experience that I can guarantee won't be my last or my moms!  We both had the Buta burger and garlic fries, that could have been more garlic-y but man o man were they good!  Loved sitting on the home depot buckets watching traffic go buy as we ate, great over all experience awesome friendly staff and a pretty cheap burger and fries:)
5	Disclaimer: I'm rating this establishment as a food truck.  Of course it can't compare to certain establishments that offer a dine in experience, but the food is excellent for the price (You can get a very satisfying meal for less than 10 bucks), so I'm rating it as such.So I've been a patron of this place for a year or so, since I've discovered its existence.  I've brought many people here and all of the people have raved about it.  Since I've tried every burger on its "regular" menu, I figured this is a good time to review.  Sadly, I'm trying to recall memories from months ago for certain burgers and foods, so I can't completely describe the euphoria in detail, but I'll do my best.  At the very most, take my following words as suggestions.Lucky Burger:  This is their standard burger.  It combines the taste of the fuku-patty with the flavors that remind me of In-n-out. Don't get me wrong, it's not a copy-cat burger.  The fuku-patty is what makes all the difference.  It's a marinated marvel that is tender and melts in your mouth, and it's standard in all of their beef burgers.Tamago Burger: This is an interesting burger.  It combines the classic fuku-patty with crispy onion strings, egg, and terriyaki sauce.  This probably one of the messier burgers, since the egg is not completely cooked through (sunny side up).  It's still a good burger, but I tend to avoid it because it's incredibly messy.  This is definitely one of their heavier burgers.Buta Burger: This burger is for the bacon-heads.  The pickled ginger adds a special kick that isn't overpowering, but blends nicely with the miso bacon and fuku-patty.  Admittedly, it's hard to taste the miso on the bacon, so don't expect too much out of it.  But it's bacon, it makes everything better.Kinoko Burger: Otherwise known as the mushroom burger, it is a slightly lighter burger.  Mushrooms are good, if you like mushrooms.  I happen to like a mushrooms, so if I'm feeling slightly guilty about going, I pick this burger.  Karai Burger:  So, admittedly, I'm a little desensitized to extremely spicy foods, so this is actually a medium spicy burger to me.  This is also a lighter burger, so if I want a little spicy kick, I'll pick this burger. Chicken Katsu: It uses fried chicken!  It's amazing.  It uses a panako crust as the breading, which is a type of breading that is lighter than traditional breading but fries crisp and delicious.  The combination of the sauce and the shredded lettuce gives the impression that you've got a bento box in between the buns.  Fries: there's the classic garlic fries, and the jazz fries.  The garlic fries are amazing in their own right due, and you can dip them in the included cup of crack sauce for an amazing synergy.  If you like eating fries with the fork, there's the jazz fries.  They're basically the same garlic fries with brown gravy and the crack sauce dumped on top.  I'm pretty much sold on the jazz fries.There is also a burger that's off-menu that I haven't ordered in a while, but supposedly was mentioned in an earlier yelp review that I tried.  it's the "Fat Hakujin".  It's a two patty monstrosity that combines cheese, egg, and bacon and some other stuff that will probably contribute to a ride to the nearest ER one day.  If you're brave, have great family genetics, or are REALLY hungry, try it.  It's still delicious.Strawberry Lemonade is fresh and it's good!  I always order one when I come.  Apparently it's made fresh daily and mixed in this huge igloo cooler.  Unfortunately, no refills with purchase.So food's great, how's service?  It's pretty good for a food truck (obviously my expectations aren't high), but the people are courteous when I'm there.  Of course, order to mouth times vary depending on how busy they are.  But if they're not busy, generally it's about 5-6 minutes tops.  But the sky is the limit if they're busy.  Probably fair warning is that there is extremely limited seating.  Seats are either a portable bench table, or a bunch of Home Depot buckets.  I tend to see tailgate parties if someone drives their pick up truck over or SUV/station wagon.This food does not do terribly well when you take it home.  The flavor is still all there and good, but the textures start to fail, especially when the meat juices completely soak into the bun and the fries get soggy when wrapped in tin-foil.  It's best when you eat it within a few minutes of receiving from the truck window. Just fair warning.Probably my only gripe is their typical business hours is 8pm 'til late.  I generally like to have my dinner eaten and finished before 7, so it becomes fairly difficult to justify a 16-20 minute drive from my place to wherever they happen to be.  But if I have visitors, or I just happen to be in the area (or if they're doing some daytime event somewhere) I'll stop on by.  As far as keeping a schedule and tracking them down, they're a lot easier than some other trucks that service the Valley.
5	Best Food Truck BURGER I ever tried.My wife and I went to see her cousin that cooks for Fuku Burger.We tried the Tamago Burger, Fries with spicy sauce and had it washed down with their Special Lemonade.  All of it was SOOOO DAMN GOOD, thumbs up to JJ and the crew.  Just typing this is getting me hungry.  A must visit spot to hit up while in Las Vegas.
4	Be forewarned, this isn't going to have amazing ambience or a wine sommelier. So please for others, do not down grade them because they didn't have a server checking on you every 5 mins.   This is a FOOD TRUCK. The food is pretty good for the price (give or take $10). I have easily spent $15-$20. When I get  Fukuburger, I usually get the Tamago Burger. It is basically a fuku burger with the egg, fries, and teri sauce. I have actually become a bit of a burger connoisseur, and I am a huge fan of the egg on burgers.  I really like that the egg is still pretty yokey. This is a warning, please do not wear white, or try to keep it away from your clothes if you are wearing white while eating this. It is a pretty saucey/ messy burger. The sauce can be overwhelming at times. You can track them on their facebook and/ or website. They are also use to getting large crowds, so they are actually quite fast. Overall, I am a fan of Fuku burger. But they aren't my favorite food truck. Let's just say, I wouldn't go hunting/ tracking them down, unless they are in my neck of the woods.
5	Awesome! It was good!
4	So I can say..I'm a pretty frequent visitor to Vegas....and I can say..maybe I have a gambling problem...but that's not the point....the past two times I've been to Vegas I've made it a point to come out to eat the the Fukuburger truck.  I love this truck actually..its got a great juicy burger and it has a nori/seaweed taste with it and you can slap an egg on your burger...definite heart attack..but what a way to go..The hot dog is really good there too...its kind of a japadog...but they do use a good quality dog which makes all the difference..not some oscar meyer wiener.    The price is not bad..its around 5-6 bucks...the lemonade also is very tasty.Truth be told I went to eat this place because I Saw it on the great american food truck race....when they helped out the dissapointing cheating team of Korilla....its ok...I still have love for fukuburger and hope they make their bay area move!
5	Loved it. As far as food trucks go, this place is awesome. Far better than the over rated In-N-Out burger
4	Beep! Beep! Make way for the food truck...This mobile burger stand has quite the loyal fan base! Not only do they eat the food, but they hang out wherever the truck is parked and make an occasion of it. Seriously, I was here on a Thursday evening and there were at least 30 locals parked in the Fukuburger Truck lot, just hanging out. They must put something in the sauce.We took ours to go, as this wasn't the time to show off my +1's Honda Fit. I had the traditional Fukuburger and we shared an order of fries. HUGE burger, dripping with sauce. Delicious. Fries helped to soak up the juicyness, btw. Even though I was starving, there's no way I could polish off that much food by myself. If I lived here, I'd definitely be eating at Fukuburger more often. Sadly, I'll have to settle for the occasional stop on holidays or weekend vacations. Next time, I'll come ready to race!
5	I would gladly drive across town for Fukuburger... Hell, I'd drive across the country for it. Their food is unbelievable. Originally, I was stuck on their bacon burger, now I'm usually split between that and the egg burger, but I'm always sure to get a big order of tots to go with it. Unlike some of the other food trucks in the area, Fukuburger is always great about sticking to their schedule, and they're super fast at fulfilling orders. Highly recommend!
4	This was a very good burger.  Not enough to chase down the truck every night, but I found it very enjoyable nonetheless.  The Fuck You sauce ("fookoo" for purists) is basically a ketchup/mustard base...what was I expecting?  The Fuku-burger ($5), garlic fries ($2) and canned drink ($1) came out to an even 8 bucks, so it's not too bad on the wallet either.  I highly recommend it, although it may be a pain chasing down that damn truck.
4	I have had Fukuburger at least 4 times and I have to say, I have't had a bad burger yet! The jazz fries are so good and addicting that I have had some people say that it is laced with crack! LOL! Once you try it, you will be ordering it every time! The fact that they are operating from a roadside truck would make you wonder why anyone would go there and eat. This is why I give them 4 stars instead of 5 because there is really no where to sit and enjoy your food unless you bring your own table and chairs. BUT, their great food and schedule should more than make up for it, so "DONT JUDGE A GOOD BOOK BY ITS COVER!". The prices are very affordable for the average family. Service is great and they are usually at their designated location into the late hours depending on the customer traffic. Another plus is that they take debit/credit cards so you dont always gotta have cash on hand. Of course you gotta understand if there is a grip of people in line just to order that you will probably wait the same amount of time for your food. My favorite is the mushroom burger.  All thats left for them to get their 5th star is to open up an actual sit down restaurant. Oh, btw, just go to their website, fukuburger.com to find out about their schedule of locations and specials. 8 pm is their usual time they are ready to take your order at the designated location. DONT FORGET TO TIP! From the cute girls that take your order down to the guys that cook your food, they work really hard to get you your food in a timely matter so give them a little somethin somethin!
5	Burger Flippers become Friends :) The first time I sampled Fuku was the Summer of 2010. It was about 100 degrees outside and the service was slow. However, Mags had no problem righting a wrong and completely hooked up our order. They're now 1,000x more efficient and have perfected the art of food trucking.BURGERS: I'm not sure exactly when, but everyone at Fuku became friends. Mags, Colin, the whole bunch! I was there multiple times a week to hang out and eat some awesome food. There are 6 burgers on the menu. My burger of choice is the #2 Egg Burger--Most delicious and messy thing on the menu. They have some sides available like fries & mac salad. Give the Jazz fries a shot (fries + gravy + crack sauce)!OTHER: Fuku (Loco) Moco here is spot on here. And the Naga Dog is good but a little heavy for my taste. Every so often they'll have specials like Chicken & Waffles, special burger combos, and some interesting pop-ups like a Jet Tila collab. If the Chicken & Waffles are available---try them!EVENTS: Fukuburger is one of the few trucks that is good all-around. They've got an awesome truck that rolls around to different events. In the past, they've been spotted at Vegas StrEats, Tommy Rockers, Molto Vegas, Hondoctors 5-Year Anniversary, & more. Follow them @fukuburger & @fukuburgerLA or Visit www.fukuburger.com/schedule to see where they're at.
4	Finally got to try their food thanks to their new lunch hours during the week. I got the tamago burger which was great. I loved the sweetness of the sauce and while the egg on top was super messy it added to the wonderful flavors, Toss in some crispy onion strings and I was in heaven. But, in this heaven you'll need half a dozen napkins to clean yourself up before heading back to work or wherever.
5	Just because it's a little cold outside doesn't mean you can't brave Father Winter and grab some grub from a food truck. Fuku is all that and a bag of chips. Er....Fries.I've been twice now, and both times, I've noshed at lunchtime into a heavenly afternoon. The first time, I had the basic Fukuburger. Amazing. They don't skimp on the burger patty!The second time, I had the SurrenderVegas special...named after one of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas (per Yelpers and TMZ).  Yeah...they made a special burger named after a nightclub. Pretty damn awesome!They take credit cards. If you want all the morbid details, read the 200+ other reviews, but take it from me...this is a fantastic spot to get your food on.A few words of warning: Go Hungry! You will be STUFFED afterwards. Also, make sure you have a gym membership before you go. You'll need it afterwards. Also, try the Strawberry Lemonade. Lastly...be patient. As with all good food, it's made fresh...and it takes time. Don't be one of those overly anxious people. Peace.
5	Tried fuku for the first time yesterday with some friends and I loved it! The guys who work this truck have a great personality, are willing to accomodate picky eaters hahaha or vegetarians and make great suggestions. The fries with the gravy and crack sauce, yes I said crack sauce is delicious and a must try..... get the mac salad, add shitake mushrooms and crispy onions! I had an amazing time dining with u guys for lunch and I hope to see u again soon!
5	this asian inspired burger can say "konichi-hot-damn-that-is-an-awesome-tastic-burger-get-in-my-mouth-faster-little-heavenly-morsel"its a little on the small side..but c'mon. we all know the stereotype. i had the tamago burg. beef was perfectly medium. it has egg and fried onion strings that sung a perfectly tuned symphony of dancing flavors on my buds. dance all night! little guys. they danced so well together i was afraid my tastebuds would just die of exhaustion. dont forget the jazz(-your-pants) fries for the encore
5	ffl =fuku for life!!!
5	Fantastic truck. These guys would be a five star in Austin, and that's against some stiff competition.  The Naga dog was incredible, great combo of crisp sausage casing, spicy/sour kimchee, creamy mayo.  Others in my group got three of their different burgers, all with surprisingly complex flavor combos. Now open for lunch, so there's one less reason for putting off trying it.
4	I was introduced to Fukuburger through a magazine article. After reading the article which specifically mentioned the Tamago burger, I knew I had to head down to Streats to find this unique burger.I'd have to say, I haven't eaten anything like it in my life. It was truly a distinctly asian tasting burger. I was shocked, surprised, and mesmerized, all at the same time. It was also messy- but what do you expect from a burger with a drippy egg stacked inside of it?The service was super fun. I love how they had you come up with a nickname for your order- that was a nice touch. And the girl taking the orders was super cute- that certainly helps business, I bet!While it's not something I'll be craving, it definitely was a unique and incredible burger. If you're looking for something that's totally crazy and out there, Fukuburger is it.
4	FUKU Burger is pretty good. I ordered a FUKU ("Lucky") Burger, a side of Fries and a drink. My Girlfriend had the Pig Burger and a drink. Total cost was $16.00, so not a bad price, but not necessarily cheap either. The Burger was cooked perfectly, it was thick, juicy and soft, the way a burger should be. The ingredients used were fresh and tasty and their sauce adds good flavor to the mix. There is not a whole lot to say about their french fries which is the main reason they didn't get a "5 Star" from me. I have had few better burgers. FUKUBurger truck definitely ranks among the best in my book.
5	fuku = bomb dot com slash famazing
5	Kogi burger, move b*#$h get out the way, get out the way. A true place does not have to mask every flavor with kimchi. I like to pronounce this place as fuk-u burger and you have to get the fuk-u burger with the egg on top. Also the garlic fries and strawberry drink.
5	Perfection on 4- wheels. Beautiful and tasty FUKUBURGER.....I crave you often.  xxoo Keep on truckin'.
4	Fukuburger represents everything that is right about the food truck movement. They create a fun environment, the workers are friendly, and they use fusion to create a unique eating experience. I've eaten there at two different First Fridays and loved the food both times. The first time I had their spicy jalapeno burger. It packed a punch and was unlike any spicy burger I've ever had. For the price, I found it to be pretty filling. More recently, I tried their asian burger (I forget the name). It had shitake mushrooms, pickled cabbage and wasabi mayonaisse. It was absolutely delectable and was far and above the best food I've ever had at a food truck. The meat was juicy and adequately sized for my appetite (which is usually moderate). At about 5 bucks a burger, you can't go wrong with this joint. Anytime I see them parked in the future I'll be sure to stop by for a bite, and you should too.
4	The fries were reminiscent of poutine from Montreal and the burgers were the hot, amazing mess that you want when you've made the decision to go to a food truck parked outside of a bar. There was a short line that moved quickly and the people working it were all really great. I'll keep my eyes peeled for it when I'm out.
4	I usually sleep until 12 noon because I work until 4 am, but a coworker of mine mentioned how good the Fuku burger is last night at work.  In anticipation of how good this new culinary venue might be, I had problems sleeping and even had a quick dream of the possibility of finding the perfect heavenly burger made in heaven.  At 10:14 am I rose, washed up, and called a friend of mine to invite him to Fuku Burger.  At 10:55 am we arrived in the Play it Again Sam parking lot in Chinatown.  The boys from Fuku Burger were finishing the final touches for opening:  Five gallon paint cans were turned upside down as they are improvised as seats; van wings were swung up; and the two guys took their respective positioning for opening.My buddy, Brian, and I stepped up and placed the first orders for the day.  Brian ordered the Mushroom Fukuburger with fries and a bottled water while I ordered the Number one (regular Fukuburger), fries and a water.  It took about 15 minutes to get our burgers and fries but the wait was worth it.  The bun was soft, warm and fresh but the real magic was nestled between the bun.  The meat was fresh and tasty with a generous slice of tomato.  A bit of onion was accompanied by a small leaf of lettuce and it was all topped off with their special sauce.  It was delicious!The fries were fine as they appeared to be a basic flash-frozen variety of medium sized potato sticks.  They were sprinkled with Fukuburger's special seasoning which did give the basic flavor a little kick (in the right direction).Evidently, the chef felt bad for the initial delay for our burgers.  As a generous gesture on his part, he brought me and my buddy the "Daily Burger Special" to split.  The special was a burger topped with smoked Gouda cheese, a spicy Asian type sauce, with a bit of pork crumble on top of the cheese.  OMG, it was delicious and even though I was stuffed it made me want more.Did I find the "heavenly burger" I dreamed about just hours before?  Probably not but they were very close. I will definitely be back very soon.As a side note, the boys were very energetic about their business and loved bouncing off their customers.  I feel I not only found a wonderful place to frequent and eat but new friends as well.
5	Really? I have forgotten to review this truck AND nobody else has? HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?!The burgers (and other items) from Fuku Burger are a perfect balance of Asian infused burgers. Their 'crack sauce' is seriously addicting, when you get the fries, you will see what I mean!Colin and Mags (the owners) are very personable and remember their customers. If you get the Tomago burger (with fried egg) be prepared for a yolky mess everywhere! It tastes so good though, I keep going back for it. And usually follow it up with a Butta Burger.
5	They already had me at fries. Then they sealed the deal by adding something called crack sauce to them. Between three of us we passed around two kinds of burgers and two kinds of frie. All of it being so delicious it was hard to pick what to eat next. The guys running this little operation are upbeat, and seem to really enjoy what they are doing. It was a delicious hot mess that was the perfect fortification to continue our evening at The Gryffin.
5	Everything is delicious.   Their Katsu is like hot lesbian sex, but in your mouth.Tamago is the best burger around.  Once that hot yolk hits your hand, it  changes you, man.
1	WAY OVER RATED!  Whoever is giving this truck 5 stars needs to get out more, maybe its just there friends?  Burgers are OK, big deal, average burger with some different ingredients.  Fries were the best food there.  I was dying to go for about 2 weeks...... now I won't go back.  Don't believe all these reviews, if you want to waste a lunch go ahead and try it.
5	Okay, okay. I know I'm late to hop on the food truck bandwagon, but dang. I should jumped on this forever ago!I recently had Fuku at First Friday, early on before it got super crowded. I had their spicy burger, which was not at all spicy, but it was super delicious. It was juicy, there were drippy sauces all over the burger, and even the buns tasted good. I don't even know what to add to this review other than to say you need to follow this truck and eat all their foods. For reals.
5	If anyone from Fuku Burger is reading this, my friend is Patrick (one of your biggest fans) and he finally talked me into trying out Fuku Burger a week ago.  I just ate at your truck a 2nd time last night in the parking lot of a Strip Club of all places!The burgers are outstanding.  I also love the fries with their special gravy on them.  I like that the egg on the burger is over easy as opposed to fried.  A trick Patrick taught me was to eat the burger over the fries so any yoke or other drippings get caught up by the fries and aren't wasted.  If that sounds nasty, get over yourself......we're not talking the Four Seasons here!My only regret is that I didn't jump on the bandwagon sooner.  I'll be moving back to Ohio in a couple weeks and will be 2000 miles away from Fuku Burger! :-(
4	Their food is amazing, but their service lacked efficiency!  I got my food to go and once I got home I was missing 3 items that I had paid for.  I still support this truck, because I appreciate the idea, but hope that this experience never happens again!!!!!
5	WOW, my life will never be the same.  I have finally experienced the phenomenon, known as the Fuku Burger truck.  Last night, this truck was parked outside of Freezone and a friend and I wanted to eat some good grub.  Here's what we got:Chicken Katsu Burger- Panko breadded chicken with cabbage, katsu sauce (ketchup base) and their "crack sauce."  This whole burger is a "crack" burger and I need my next fix.  LOL.  It was so flavorful, crispy and full of texture.  I ate this burger in less than 2 minutes.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Tamago "Egg" Burger- Their Fuku patty with Furukake (YUM-salt and seaweed seasoning), teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onions and a fried egg.  I think it was over medium which made it perfect when you bit in it.  No dripping yolk.  The staff was nice and engaging.  The food was fast and delicious!I immediately followed them on Twitter (@FukuBurger) so I know where they're at everyday.  The only problem was that they are off on Sundays and Mondays!  I need them in my life at all times.
5	I visited here for the first time last week. And although it was a long wait, I didn't blame them because of the amount of orders that were in need to be completed. If you've been a witness of a busy business or better yet even worked for a busy restaurant, you would understand that people might forget who they are in need of serving especially when everything gets hectic. Overall, the wait was worth it and so was the experience. You guys should DEFINITELY look up Fuku's next location and stop by! :D
5	For my first review, FUKU! Tonight was my first time at West side Wednesday's @  Durango/ Flamingo (7pm). It is where people with cool cars get together and eat good food. I had the #6, which is the chicken burger. It was AMAZING! My bf got a burger and fries. The fries are even better, with a kick of spice and special sauce. You can find where their truck will be on twitter or the website. Will def come again.
5	Chefs Colin and Mags could care less what you think - they just want to make good food! And they deliver time in and time out - even having guest pop ups from time to time (Chef Jet Tila's pop up was amazing)!Japanese inspired burgers - I always opt for the Tamago and whatever the special is that day. After moving back to Los Angeles, I'm just glad they opened up a storefront out here to satisfy my fuku-ing jones.I will, however, miss the guys and the orange buckets! Awesome vibes that always support other local businesses and the growing Las Vegas culture.Lines get long late night - so follow them on twitter for their location and get there RIGHT when they're setting up to avoid a waiting period.
5	Fukme.. Fuku.. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?!  Sure do, and I'll grub me some FukuBurgers while I'm at it! The take on each burger was an "Out of my League" kinda' situation!  They were all too good for me!  Each pimped out burger had a Japanese/Hawaiian/Americano fusion of a threesome.  My absolute fave would be the Tamago Burger, because nothing says Hunky-Dory like some good ol' sunny yolk oozing in between my Buns! The NagaDog with garlic fries is also topgun.  The condiments smothered on the Dog with a sprinkle of seaweed flakes makes the New Yorker strike out!  It's aaaall good @ Fukuburger and the skin on the truck is Sha-Bang Sauce itself!
3	I've been quite a few times since they've been here in Vegas. For the most part, I love the taste. But dislike the overpriced everything or sogginess when the sauce gets absorbed in the buns. Always great service though! I dont recommend their strawberry lemonade. However, I'll remain one of their, "here & there" type of customer. Taste & service truly can bring you back!
3	It's more hype than anything. The way people chase this truck down is funny because the burgers are just a little bit over "ok". I'm assuming the people that are in love with these burgers typically eat McDonalds and Burger King most of their life.
5	The Fukuburger truck is truly what brought me to the Fruit Loop on my birthday extravaganza.  I know I ate a lot that night, but I couldn't end the night without a great burger from these guys.  The Asian boy that takes our order is such a great guy.  He actually remembered us from last week which was really awesome.  Shows that they take the time to really get to know their clientele.  I got the chicken katsu burger AGAIN and once again, I was thoroughly impressed.  The katsu was so crispy and the sauce was sensational.  I was in such awe with this burger. What really made this experience was the fact that I got to meet the founders of Fuku Burger.  They were two guys who started the truck years ago.  I asked them why the Fruit loop and they told me that this was the very first place they wanted to sell their food at.  The owners of Freezone originally told them that they needed to sell somewhere else, so they ended up in Chinatown.  Later, they moved to L.A. and eventually opened a restaurant there.  Today, Freezone has invited the food truck back to the fruit loop as they realize the mistake they have made.  I'm sure thankful that Freezone had a change of heart.
5	Awesome burgers! There was five of us we ended up ordering numbers 1-5. My gf had the (1) Fukuburger. I had the (2) Tamago, it was da bomb! Everyone else enjoyed their burgers. It was worth standing in the frickn cold!     Felt a little "old' ,being that almost everyone there was like half our age. LOL. The hell with that I would still go back! Only thing I would order some fries next time.
5	Family in town and they want to try a Fuku Burger!  It's been on their list for a few trips now, so we gotta take them.  Tonight the truck was close to the house and perfect for giving it a try.   The crowd was already huge, when the truck pulled in and parked, the crowd almost ran to form the line.  I reviewed their menu and already knew what I was gonna try, my husband and his brother placed our orders and we waited.  The wind was blowing pretty good, so we took our burgers to the car and ate out of the wind.  I got the Buta Burger also called the pig burger.  It has the fuku patty with applewood smoked bacon, cheese, pickles, red onion and ginger with Japanese BBQ sauce and wasbi mayo.  The burger had really good flavor, it was a bite packed with exploding flavors, the ginger, the wasbi mayo was delicious.  My only concern was I wanted more and the line was too long to go back!  Next time, I know to order more.
5	THE FAVORITE BURGER JOINT IN LAS VEGAS IS FUKUBURGER!!!  Had to type that in all caps, it's that true!!!  We came across this foodtruck a little over a year ago, and after eating every burger in town, this is still the reigning champion of meaty deliciousness!  'Fuku', meaning happiness (I know, it looks a lot like something else-my family is from Fukuoka) we follow their whereabouts in Vegas and make our way over to them when they're in somewhat close proximity!Definitely a younger, hip, skateboarder cum LA following, the owners have created a Japanesque twist that elevates the All American Classic to new heights...With foodtrucks emerging as a viable dining establishment, it's getting harder and harder to shine from the onslaught of mediocrity that you find nowadays. And especially if you go to the food truck nights or festivals, the competition is fierce and your choices boundless.  But with Fukuburger, you can't go wrong.With six main burger choices, (check their twitter for the burger specials)  we have come to rely on the two all time favorites:  The Tamago Burger and the Chicken Katsu.  From the first time we had these two, it blew our minds right out of our car!  It's pretty pathetic that we actually haven't tried a couple of the others (The Kinoko Burger, The Buta Burger and The Karai Burger)  but it's like when you know you have to have those two, when you drove out there for those two, you gotta get those two.....(one day, we have to starve ourselves and then order all six of them at once).  That'll be a long night afterwards...So their hamburger meat comes from Larry's Great Western Meats over on Valley View, and the quality is top notch.  This where a great burger start and ends, it should be fantastic with nothing on it, the meat has to be flavorful and rich, (not just greasy and fatty).  So these guys got it right from the start!The Tamago Burger; A Fuku Patty (they have their own secret ingredients to make it taste divine) with Teriyaki Sauce and Wasabi Mayo, Furikake (Japanese Bonito Flakes) and then topped with Crispy Haystack Onions and A Fried Egg.  Okay folks, I want to emphasize to you about THE EGG!!!It's is a perfectly cooked, runny egg that mixes with the burger to create a moist and texturally satisfying combination!  The egg squirts out upon your first bite and runs down your hand and you find yourself sucking it off of everything that it lands on!  These guys have perfected the art of egg frying in such a little, mobile kitchen!  Topped with the creaminess of Mayo and soyness of Teriyaki, we are obsessed with this flavor profile, hands down best burger in Vegas!The next on the list is the Chicken Katsu-katsu of all kinds are our favorite dish, (Pork, Chicken-fry it and we'll eat it).  I have never had Kastu like the one at Fuku, that is one tender piece of fried chicken. The exterior is fried to a perfect crunch with a deep brown hue while the chicken is moist and soft to the bite!It's topped with shredded cabbage (an accompaniment with Katsu) Crack and Katsu Sauce. It is the personification of perfection in a paper basket-Foodtruck food heaven!It's a shame that we also haven't gotten around to their Hot Dogs, but I'm less worried about that.We've had the Furikake Mac Salad, it's straight up dope-it's Kewpie based, so you know its for real.But the main side that is a must is the Jazz Fries- it awesome!  It's got Gravy and Crack Sauce on top and again a twist on an American Classic to round off the meal.I can't say more about Fukuburger, you have to try it once and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.  For those who haven't tried it, or can't get to the Foodtruck, I'm sorry, but you haven't lived!!!Ratings (out of Five Stars)Food:           5Service:       4.5Ambience:  4
5	If you haven't tried these guys yet then go Fuku yourself! Literally! Come find out what everybody has been raving about! Their food is so good that their reputation has reached all the way to LA with an actual sit down restaurant! So if you are in the Hollywood area, make Fuku a part of your lunch/dinner plans. Your hungry stomach will thank you!As for the actual Fukuburger Truck, I originally gave these guys 4 stars because I'm very picky with who I give 5 stars to and it is very rare. The fact that it's a roadside truck and not a sit down restaurant, was major to me. BUT since I have been eating at their different locations regularly, I have grown to know the owners, Colin and Mags. You will not meet any nicer owners anywhere. Since these guys are customer friendly and they try to cater to everybody's requests, they have earned that 5th star! I appreciate the fact that they actually get back to you when you contact them. Now for the food. Doesn't matter if you're a first timer or not, everything on their menu is fantastic. Their beef Fuku patty is so juicy and perfectly seasoned that you will probably use it as the measuring stick to any burger you eat from that point on. What makes them unique is the different ingredients they put in their menu that you just can't find in other burger joints. Oh, and I can't forget to mention their different specials every night. Always something new and tasty. Special props goes out to Colin and Mags for actually naming their special the other night with my name! Awesome! Tell me how many other places would do that for you? Thanks again guys! Whatever you decide, you gotta get jazz fries with it. Trust me on this.Prices are reasonable compared to those other gourmet places. They take cash and cards. Remember, it's not easy to operate a food truck and they work hard so you can have a freshly cooked burger, so don't hesitate to show them your appreciation. Whether it's by tipping or giving them a great review, it's up to you.In conclusion, you will not find a better burger truck anywhere. Go to their website www.fukuburger.com for more info in regards to their shedule and contact info. Make these guys your regular stop and they will have you saying "TIP JELLY!"
1	I was at the at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest today. Me and my wife went to see and eat at the fuku burber truck but when we got there we learned that they were not there. For being a one of there "star" trucks and being from Las Vegas. And dismissing the 2nd day of the first ever Las Vegas foodie fest makes me mad. But then to come rushing in for the dinner rush I find insulting as a foodie and a consumer that they would just show up at 4:40 for the dinner rush. And just to make money to be in bad tast and unprofessional I as person who loves food will not be going there ever. If they cant respect my time and the fest douse not deserve my money.
3	Fuku You Fuku Me Fuku Everybody- Are you fukuing looking at me? Fuku Motherfuku Fukuing feels so good to Fukuing vent....Whew, now that I got that out of the way on to the review-Finally tried this truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest-We got the Tamago Burger and the Fuku Burger.Tamago Burger was the winner for us....I don't like dripping egg yolk but it still was more tasty than the other burger....Fuku Burger was OK - it didn't really have a stand out flavor to me- I didn't taste the wasabi mayo at all.Now don't get me wrong both burgers were good we just weren't blown away with the Fuku Burger but the Tamago Burger held it's own...We also tried what they call their garlic fries- Umm... not much garlic taste at all - however, the sweet mayo dipping sauce that they put with the fries was hellah yummy.....I do want to try the Naga Dog and their version of Chicken N Waffles (saw the pics and it looks yummy!!!) the next time I see them out- So, cool truck,cool food, cool people - till next fukuing time.....
4	Good burgers and convenient. Can't complain!
4	I've been wanting to try Fuku for a long time. It was well worth the wait.The were competing in the Tivoli Village Food Truck Throwdown. I only go to try the Fuku-Burger "Lucky Burger". It was thick, juicy and flavorful. I couldn't believe it only cost $5. When you compare it  with some other food truck prices this is a deal for such a well made burger.Can't wait to try another and those Jazz fries are on my to do list.
5	Finally tried Fukuburger at the Tivoli Village Street Throwdown and I've become a fan!I have to admit, I have to still try their original burgers on their menu. For the Throwdown, they partnered up with Kabuki and made a slider together, called "King Kong Ain't Got Shishito On Me." What a name, and by far the most creative slider! Sandwiched between two maki rice buns tempura fried with cream cheese, a patty was topped with avocado, crab mix, and spicy kabayaki. See my photo, it's crazy looking!I'll be looking out for their truck to try their popular burgers. I've tried a few trucks, TastyBunz and Slidin' Thru. Both good, but I think Fukuburger is my favorite so far. Did that King Kong slider sell me that much? Yes, I loved it! I can't wait to try other new concoctions they'll come up with!
5	LOVE Fuku burger! I used to always get the tamago burger but I recently decided to try something new, and I've been getting the karai burger the last few times. They're both delicious. They always cook the patties perfectly. And of course, I always have to order the garlic fries (with extra crack sauce). Soo addicting! I love their strawberry lemonade too. I can't think of any suggestions to make fuku better because its pretty much perfect in my book.. maybe, an option to upgrade to a bigger burger? Yeah, that's it.. I would definitely like my karai burger supersized!
5	Since moving to Atlanta from Las Vegas the main foods I'm missing is a good thai restaurant and FUKU!!! Id hit up this food truck as often as i could! Only thing Vegas is missing is the veggie burgers like LA had. Such a fan of this food truck, i can not wait to head back home this summer and get me some Fukuburger!
4	This is a great fast food burger.  You won't find a better FAST food burger IMO, but you will find plenty of better burgers in town.I really like the toppings and dressings...their Japanese twist on the burgers.  Very flavorful and the $ is right.The line can get a little crazy if you go late a night, but it is worth it.  See for yourself :)
4	No.2 Tamago (Egg) is my favorite burger. Taste great. JUICY!! Nice food but as restaurant get famous, their service goes backward. Well maybe they are like...you pay $5 a burger what do you expect? haha...it is just fast food so who actually cares about service. Just pay it quick and finish your burger as soon as possible. 5 star for the taste and atmosphere (kinda fun to dine outdoor). 1 star deducted for the speed and service.
5	I saw this food truck on food channel and just had to try it when I was in Vegas.  I am Japanese and just love teriyaki flavor burgers that I used to get back in Japan.  Their burgers are Americanized but with Japanese flavor and ingredients.  I ordered #2 Tamago burger and my girlfriend order #4 Kinoko burger.  They were both delicious.  Their beef patties are cooked perfectly (medium well-ish) and so tasty.  I don't think I can eat any other burgers now that I have tasted theirs.  The size of their burgers is rather Japanese....small.  I could eat 2 of them.  It is $5 each but well spent.  The people are friendly and tell you to come up with a unique nickname for your order.   I truly hope they will make it to the east coast one day.
3	Three starts for a good vibe and the very cool people that work there, but I'd like to make a request for more vegetarian options.
5	I waited almost 2 years to eat here because being drunk in vegas and chasing down a moving food truck by twitter with strange hours do not mix!  But when I finally got the tamago burger...it undeniably lived up to its hype!  So delicious! I haven't had a better burger since.
5	I've been a Fukuburger enthusiast for a year now, trying to spread the word. I feel like I'm apart of a street team seeing how my friends have the same love and desire to share this place. I've had most of the items on their menu and they're all good with the exception (for me) the Chicken Katsu. Their burgers have a flavor like none other and their presentation is always on point. The Fukuburger was the first thing I tried from there and I remember my first bite into it. I LIT UP and simply thought "this is the burger of my life"!! I quickly ordered a second burger (the Tamago) and was very pleased. My favorite is still the Buta.The crack sauce is a high light of Fuku because it seems to work on everything. The fries are great even when they stand alone but the crack sauce takes it to another level! Even the gravy on top of the fries with the crack sauce is just magic! I love their menu.The staff there are always nice and easy going and seem like they genuinely care for their product and their customers. They always stay on top of updates on their Twitter should any discrepancies happen and are always punctual.If you haven't tried this place, it's a MUST HAVE!! You and whoever you bring with you will not look at any other burger the same after this. It's a curse and a gift. A gift, in that you will always find something to cling to on the menu as you try different things. A curse in way that any other burger just seems sub par and will take a back seat to Fuku's. It's an experience tasting their food!! Hahahah! Find their truck and treat yourself ASAP!!
5	As a SF Bay Area food truck fan, I put the Fukuburger truck down as a must do whenever I made my next trip out to the city of sin and followed them on Twitter so I can see when and where they would be next.I finally made it out to the Fukuburger truck with my friend who had a car since the truck is parked in Chinatown. We were staying at the Rio and found that from there it is a very short drive.As me and my friend perused the menu deciding on what to get, two of the Fukuburger truck staff (I'm forgetting their names after a Vegas and alcohol infused trip) asked if they could help us decide what we wanted to get. I finally decided on the #3 Buta Burger, a flavorful burger topped with apple wood smoked bacon, American cheese, pickled red onions and red ginger, finished with Japanese BBQ sauce & wasabi mayo.I was talked into trying their Jazz fries, french fries covered in gravy and "crack sauce" for $3To wash it all down I got the strawberry lemonade.Total? $10 for everything, which in comparison to the Bay Area food trucks, is a bargain. I wanted to get a T-shirt also ($20) but the largest size they had on hand was a large :( - Have some XL's printed up and I'll get me one of those shirts to add to my food truck collection (Collection= One = Mogo) Definitely coming back to get my Fuku fix (and T-Shirt!) next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Love the chicken katsu and enjoyed the bbq burger. Did not care for the fries that much. Staff is very friendly and I love that they are out so frequently and so late! Not a bad way to end your night when you can grab Fukuburger at 2am. They are a bit on the pricey side for the size of the burgers, but they are good quality and have great flavor. Have not had a bad experience and hope it stays that way!
5	Some bad ass burgers. Cool ass guys too that run the truck. Tamago is the burger to get but be ready to get your hands dirty once that egg yolk pops. Always a good time when eating fuku.
4	Why is it that this weekend every time when ever i tried to hit up some food trucks it just rained...Saw Fukuburger across the street from china town and was tempted to change my plans up but i was meeting up with people so nogo. Ended up eating a little at Anime Ramen but we kept talking about FukuBurger. So lets cash out the bill and grab some Fuku!And then it started raining...Long story short half an hour later of walking around the plaza looking for something to eat and glancing over at the Fuku truck to see if they were gonna pack it in or not...THEY DIDNT!!The Naga dog was a little on the salty side but grilled kimchi...i thought about it but havent gotten a chance to try it out myself but it sure works here. Could have used a little more of that coleslaw to balance out the salty.The garlic fries werent too bad. They sure smelled garlicy but just tasted like regular fries. Great improvement if you dip them in a buddy's left over Jazzy Fries sauce.
3	Drove all the way from the strip to find this place- it was exactly located according to their website. Yeah. The burgers were yummy - smaller than I imagined. I expected more from the fries they were not that amazing.
5	I rescind my four star rating. I've tried them twice since the first time i've sampled fukuburger- this burger is seriously out of this world. The tamago burger is the best burger i've ever had- perfectly cooked to medium, raw egg, delicious teriyaki and furrikake toppings..... IT'S SO FREAKING GOOD.This is a vegas original. everyone must try it!
3	I thought the flavor of the Tamago burger was on point. The price and size of the burger however was not. When they handed me my burger I honestly thought that I must of ordered the kids size burger. Maybe I'm just spoiled when it comes to making half pound burgers at home. I thought the ninja fries were pretty good, although once again I hated paying 3 bucks for a handful of fries with a few squirts of sauce on them. I guess what I am trying to get at with this review is that the flavors are unique and pack a punch but at their price point it was my wallet that was left hurting.
4	Tamago tamago tamagooooo, or #2 BurgerThis place is yummy, but the sandwiches are kind of small.  Food trucks are a different experience as well.  I like the vibe of this place because it's really chill and fun.  The dude taking orders asks for a nickname when your order gets called, and I thought it was kinda cool even though I gave someone's real name haha.  Like as said before, I like getting the Tamago cause of that deeelish fried egg that is super awesome in your mouth when the yolk breaks.  Also, I tried the jazz fries or whatever they're called and those were pretty good.  They have some kind of white and brown gravy that was tasty.  It was a little too much for me though.  That burger already has a lot of flavors going on and the fries were kind of like Wah Pow ! extra taste.  They also have strawberry lemonade which is really really sweet. Personal preference, again, on that one.  Downsides: It's outside haha and the weather in Vegas isn't always optimal.  Also, they're so stingy on napkins! Like whatthe, these burgers are so messy and how you gonna give me enough napkins for one of my hands and half my face? Ok, I exaggerate, but really, they don't give you napkins with your order. Plus it's hot...or cold (depending on the season) outside so that just makes it ten times worse. Food though=yummm! sorry for the rant! I still give four stars.
5	The FukuBurger Truck is a 1 of a kind, you have to turn around and go back to try them if you see them on the street.  I've eaten at their truck 5 separate times now and that includes twice in one day, as well as two days in a row and I still have the desire to go back. They have a regular hot spot in China town so if you are down there around 8:30 swing by and treat yourself to one of the best burgers you will ever have as well as be entertain  by all the custom cars and stereos that are on display; The Food is amazing and I have no idea how they make their burgers so light and full of flavor; the fries are good but the gravy/sauce they put on them is a little weird but growing on me now that I've had it a few times.  Tried the Naga dog the last time I was there and it was one of the best hotdogs I've ever had. Id put it up there with a Wriggly field dog and I'm a Cubs fan! I'm going to have to see if I can't convince my employer to hire them or at least convince them its worth their while to stop by my building for a lunch sale.  Oh and don't forget the funny name for your order; it is hilarious standing around listening to them being yelled out and its even better when the cook is embarrassed by them so the dirtier they are the better!
3	Last time I went, it seemed like the burgers were different...They got larger, which is supposed to be a good thing, but seemed dry and less flavorful than the older style.  Maybe it is all in my head...but my friends agreed and mentioned the same thing.Still a solid burger and fry...just don't hype it up as much as some of these other guys do....you might come up short IMO.
4	Have I ever mentioned I love eggs? It was an easy choice when I saw the "Tamago" on the menu. The first time I ate it, I was in heaven. I still get it at least 75% of the time. It has their typical glazed patty, topped with a fried egg, onions, and some kind of sauce. It is simple, and hits the spot. Even better - ordered with their bacon and cheese, it becomes the perfect burger. I'd even go as far as to say... complete.Wow. Sounds like they're serving up masterpieces. This is generally true. They're pretty good. I've had the entire menu. Aside from the Tamago, the Fuku-burger (classic burger style with some flair) and the buta (bacon and cheese) burger are pretty delicious as well. Their hot dog, the Naga dog, is fantastic. I would describe it but I'd be leaving myself open to some interesting comments. Their garlic fries are also good! Served up with ketchup and their own special mayo-like sauce.If burgers aren't your thing, there are a couple of rice bowls for you as well. Their strawberry lemonade is a must on any hot day. Alright, I like it that much, why not 5 stars? Because half of their burgers are underwhelming. #4 5 and 6 have almost negligible toppings on them. I understand the idea behind creating umami. Nothing should be overwhelming in flavor and it should be just right. But these items just don't have a balance. Especially the chicken katsu. I've had it a couple times and it was like biting straight into breaded fat. Maybe it was just, coincidentally, a bad chunk both times. Also, the patties aren't as juicy as they used to be. I'm sure it's just a more thorough cooking process - but still. I have my fond memories.Anyway. Favorite food truck in Vegas, easy. Give it a try - especially if you like leaky egg goodness. Just make sure it leaks into your carton, and not on you.
5	If you like have a fried egg in your burger. This is by far the best burger spot that offers it w/ a Japanese infusion ! Must try if your in Vegas !
5	Luv it! Melts in your mouth! Down to earth chill vibe from the employees! Reminds me and the fam of burgers in Japan!!
5	If it is possible to be addicted to a food truck i am addicted to this one. I go every night I am in Vegas! I love the specials!  Sooo Good!
5	Last time I patronised this foodtruck, which was this afternoon, was my first time. And it was the best 5$ I have spent in a while. Instant customer as long as they stay open and keep the same owner/management. It was the burythehatchet event where the Fukuburger truck parked alongside bar + bistro on First street. I was attending the Mineola Twins stageplay across the street and was more than ready to try a quick burger. There was no line because they must have just set up and I had a #2 ("Tamago"). You may have heard that this burger is amazing. Well, it is. It is a shame I had not had it before and truly a threat to self-discipline for these things to be only 5$. I must say that it is unfortunate that there is no vegetarian option, but it is a minor point since I am not a vegetarian (the girlfriend is). In hindsight, after finishing my delicious #2, we should have gone into bar + bistro and thereby patronised both chefs involved with this friendly showdown. Alas, if only they can do this more often. - E
5	This place is absolutely amazing!My boyfriend and I visited this truck during our visit to Vegas after we heard about it from a local.  The food was great.  I had the "Egg Burger" and it was a like having a little piece of heaven...no lie!!! The garlic fries were also Killer!!!The people who work the truck are really nice...they even called a cab for us so we could get back to our hotel.This will be become a regular visit for us when we come to Vegas!
5	Adventure dining at its best :) I am pretty spoiled by dining in nice restaurants with beautiful ambiance, unobtrusive service that anticipates every need, and extremely high levels of comfort. Fukuburger is definitely not these things, which means it is pretty amazing to make me enjoy it so much! That said, this is definitely the best food truck experience I've had. They've got a simple but excellent menu that is Asian/Hawaiian influenced, with several burgers to choose from, a few sides, and awesome specials that keep each visit fresh by giving you something new to enjoy. My "go-to" is the Buta Burger, which has bacon, cheese, and a little bit of ginger on the burger. The burgers are hearty - just the perfect size for a full meal. At West-side Wednesdays, they have "Asian Chicken and Wafu" which is their version of fried chicken and waffles and is absolutely delicious - teriyaki chicken skewers and fried dough with cinnamon, sugar, and maple syrup. They also have delicious Strawberry Lemonade that I definitely recommend, particularly during the summer months when you need something particularly refreshing. Their system is efficient and remarkably fast considering the size of the line. They have a server at the truck taking orders as you reach the front of the line - she's always really quick but also very friendly, willing to explain the menu and make recommendations if it's your first time there. Sometimes they'll give you an idea of how long it'll take for your order to come out, sometimes not. You hang out and wait for them to call your hame for your order when it is ready at the window. There's no place to sit... well, I take that back - they usually have some overturned Home Depot buckets and perhaps a folding table, but considering the crowd that is usually there I wouldn't count on these :) We usually tailgate in our SUV instead. Follow Fukuburger on twitter to keep in touch with where they'll be, what the specials are (including pictures, which help to entice you to go find them, right this very moment so that you can order that special) etc.Overall, it is so much fun and WAY better than anything casual you can find on the strip itself. Oh! Also the prices are amazingly approachable, which is absolutely a great reason to check it out.
2	What do you expect, this is a roach coach food truck!! The only thing different between this and the mexican trucks and this one is painted. The food isn't horrible, but what can you expect from a roach coach food truck?? People think this is something new?? People have been selling food out of trucks for A LONG TIME!! This "gourmet" food just comes out of a food truck that had a decal on the side. Not too impressive...  I'll stick to the taco trucks for A LOT LESS!! This is OVER PRICED for a roach truck, -just my opinion
1	Save your money and spend it on a reputable food truck like slidin thru. For the money that you spend here, the quality of the food is terrible. Plus the owner like to single out groups of people.
5	I heart food trux big time and this is my number one grrrl!I frequent Vegas a few times a year and decided to look up some food trucks to check out during my stay. This has definitely become one of my staples when I'm in town!  Asian fusion burgers, fries with crazy sauce and fun staff are what make me a diehard fan. My favorite burger is hands-down the Buta-burger: applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, pickled onions and red ginger topped with Japanese BBQ and wasabi mayo...yum town!!!  And I don't even like wasabi or ginger but the combination is outrageous. Look em up.  Check out the schedule.  Eat a burger.
5	Mmmm yum! I don't like to play favorites but this is consistently best food truck in vegas.Its no secret that foodtrucks are popping up all over the place. Alot of people think its a gimmick but Fuku is here to prove them wrong. LIke many places, fuku serves up that "fusion" burger, - traditional american food with a Asian twist. All of their burgers have Japanese influences (fuku means lucky in Japanese), from pickled ginger, chicken katsu sandwiches, wasabi mayo, whatever, these burgers are pretty different that what you can find else where.The truck travels around vegas, but you find their schedule on their website - http://fukuburger.squarespace.com/schedule/ and they are pretty good to sticking to their sched unlike some other foodtrucks which never show up or dip out early. Definitely worth checking out is the buta burger (bacon cheese burger my fave) and the chicken katsu which is pretty creative. There are a couple downsides though, they don't offer anything for your vegie/vegan/hippie friends (jk). So keep that in mind if you take your friends there. On top of that it can be a little pricey, $5 for a burger and its kind of small, but its more than worth it. Also remember to tip! - it pays off here for sure.
5	This is a very belated review. I have consumed many Fukuburgers on countless nights and everytime it is consistent and delicious! My favorite is the #5 Karai Spicy Burger with extra sricha sauce! Sometimes (if you ask Chef Mags or one of the other cooks on the truck reallyyy nicely) they will add an egg on top for you :) The buns Fuku uses are good quality and hold up nicely to the meat, egg and veggies.All their burgers are made fresh, to order, so everytime I have eaten a burger from their truck it has come out piping hot, freshly made. The girls they have working the front of their truck are super nice as well, always friendly and smiling.LOVE YOU FUKU!! :) xoxo
5	Onolicious! I have thoroughly enjoyed everything I've ever gotten at this truck. I'm a big eater so it usually ends up costing me a little over $15 for myself to have 2 burgers, fries with crack sauce and a drink.
5	Omg. I finally tried the Tomago...I've been here 2 times after this update. Yup. Officially my favorite. I make sure I visit this truck every time I'm in Vegas. Do it.Do the Tomago. And you will not regret it!I also tried the fries...I thought they were a tad too salty, but it may just be me
4	Good music. Good food. Funny guys.
4	Ordered the Tamago Burger and Jazz Fries.  Fantastic.  The burger was done just right, the sauce, the egg, crispy onions, all an amazing well balanced combo.  The flavors were so good and different than anything I've ever tried.The Jazz Fries are smothered in some kind of gravy with their "crack sauce".  So freaking good, I can't even tell you.The atmosphere was fun, energetic.  One of the owners was yelling out orders, taunting the customers, all in good fun and humor. Only negative (more of me not knowing what I was getting myself into, than the fault of Fukuburger) is that the owner often shouts out profanities, and has some raunchy exchanges with the customers.  I'm not uptight about this normally, and I found it to be hilarious...just more of a warning if you bring your kids.  I was visiting vegas with my family and a few months prior saw a feature on Fukuburger on the show "Eat Street".  Of course they don't show this side of the Fukuburger truck on TV, so I had no idea.  I go walking up with my 3 year old (who likes to repeat everything) and my wife (granted it is about 9pm, so kids would normally be in bed had we not been on vacation, right?)  And there were tons of hilarious exchanges between the guys in the truck and the customers.  Hey Its my fault for bringing my kid into that situation I guess, and not ripping fukuburger for this. If I was alone or out with just the wife, again, I'd have no issues at all.  So I guess consider this more of a warning if you have small kids and you don't want them repeating things like "fu*k and sh*t" on the drive home, lol.  As far as how this relates to the food?  It doesn't.  The food itself was fantastic and the next time I'm in vegas, I'll be hunting them down again and will either leave the kid at the hotel, or will come armed with some ear plugs.  Ha.  Thanks for the good experience Fukuburger!
3	I probably love the atmosphere more than I love eating the food. The atmosphere that Fuku Burger creates is awesome and a totally different experience that I think young crowds would find the most enjoyable (if you are an older, boring stiffy this is definitely not for you). They change their location, play music, the workers are super fun, and it's a great place to talk to and enjoy a conversation with total strangers. Great social gathering.The food in my opinion is good, some of it is great and I order time and time again, and some of it is just way to salty to eat. (I ordered a nagadog once and could not even bring myself to finish half.)The only thing that really bothers me is that every time I eat here I feel like I am playing Russian roulette. Because the next day I may or may not be getting the s**ts. It's a 50/50 gamble that I know other people also experience, so it's not just me! (No shame!)
5	Hands down these are the best burgers in town.  They have a very simple menu, 6 items, side items like fries, naga dog and on some days they have specials! If I was to pick my favorite burger on the menu... Hmm. I can't because their all so good! Oh yeah don't forget the jazz fries. You won't regret eating here if its your first time, you will probably come back for more!!! I'm gettin hungry for some fukuburger right now as I'm writing this review.  Make sure to look at their schedule posted on their website.
5	tamago is my fave:)
5	Food truck that's always at all the best events and consistently delivering the best late night meals in vegas.
5	I had a burger with a fried egg on top and it was out of this world.  I had lost 100bls and I had to eat three of those damm burger they were so good.  WOW,  Just could not stop......   If you get a chance and you pass on trying this burger, you missed out!
4	Great truck, better than "almost" every other burger joint in Vegas.....had the #2, I think, the one with the egg...it was great and most of the yolk ended up on my wife's sweater, so the messy factor was good. I thought it was gonna suck, but I'll be a regular now.
5	My friends brought me here to a random food truck and I was so confused on how and what to order so I picked the #4 burger with garlic fries and at first when I looked at it I couldnt believe how small it was for $10 BUT BOY WAS I WRONG! This burger was perfect! it was juicy it had so much flavor it had interesting flair to it. All I can say is wooooooow!
5	What's that burger with the egg on in? Bomb. Mostly for drunk food though. Who cares. Very delicious food on the run.
5	I have eaten many times at the Fukutruck and it is always great food. You go there for more than just food. It's good people and a great atmosphere. And its one of the few food trucks that have chefs making chef food! Why doesn't anyone appreciate what really matters- LOVE FOR FOOD. You will not be dissapointed. Oh and yes, Tamago all the way, Todd
5	This is the only food truck I stalk online to get a fix! The quality of their product that they are putting out is consistantly awesome. This is the truck that proves utterly delicious food can come out of a kitchen the size of a box. The burgers are always delicious and slightly messy and -let's face it- isn't that what we really want from our burger? Juicy, saucy deliciousness pouring down our faces! Yum. The topping are totally Fuku and can't be found elsewhere. I love the Kinoko due to my obsession with anything featuring mushrooms and my man is always torm better the Buta Burger and the Tomago. Pretty much, what I'm saying is, you can't go wrong. And if your curious, the fries are no joke and fricking delicious too. These guys (and gal) kill it on a regualr basis. If you're visiting Vegas, they are definitley worth the off-strip trip to taste the goods. Luckily, I live here.
3	I caught the truck outside of The Commonwealth on a school night. Had some beers in me, pretty much all liquids since 6pm that day and this was closing in on 1am. I try and eat healthy so I offered the girl I was with to split a burger with me, she had tried them before and was pumped about my generous offer. I forget what we got exactly, but it was juicy and tasty, I leaked burger juices all over a sports book table inside the el Cortez (I cleaned it). I let my date have the cardboard container it came in (another generous and gentlemanly gesture) so that what's why I leaked juices. Haha. I don't remember the fries, you can't really mess those up so I bet they were good. If you tip the truck you get a jelly tube. Which sounds weird and tastes different. Oh and the best part is...they ask you what name you want to be called out when your burger is ready ....so get creative with that. I went with Mike Hunt, classic. My date was no doubt impressed. Try Fukuburger, it's good.
4	Cool truck! I like the idea and wish there were more food trucks running around Vegas like this one. Food was pretty good, the fries were the best. Tried the #1 just to get the taste of whatsup, not the most well-done burger but good. They move around but seem to keep the schedule updated. The only negative thing is that their website is just a flippin' mess!!!! Also 8pm is kinda late to open up isn't it? Specially for $10 1/4 burger. We'll try them when they come to Findlay Fiat again
5	This place is absolutely fantastic!!!!And I mean that. If you haven't experienced fukuburger then you are missing out. Everything about them is good. They have a 6 burger menu, but if you're a bacon-head like me then the pork burger is obviously your favorite. But whatever you try, you'll definately love. They have non burgers too, they have jazz fries and hot dogs tooOne thing that makes them stand out alot is their customer service and involvement in the community. They're always part of events like westside Wednesday and G3. What's also great is that at events they also will make a special burger like the Ronald McFuku.Of all the food trucks in Vegas they're also quite possibly the most involved and active on social media.  The two owners are also some of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. Colin and mags are very responsive and do whatever they can to make sure everyone has a great experience. If you come here, I guarantee you'll leave as a fan. In fact they're so good I have a friend who doesn't eat burgers but she makes an exception for fuku. That's how we roll
5	Nothin but the best! I visit fuku every now and then and they have never dissapointed me. I think I have tried every burger on their menu and have concluded that the fukuburger and the tamago burger is the best. I love how they always come up with new stuff like the chicken and waffles. So Bomb!
3	I'm still trying wrap my head around the food truck craze, but there's nothing really appealing about trying to eat messy food on the side of the street or in your car. There are some crazy creations on this truck that I do want to try, but I wasn't too overly impressed with my first visit. I found the food overly salty and very one note in flavor.  The "jazzfries" were ok, just mostly smothered in this really decadent sauce- it was a little much for me and again too salty. The wait was a little long, but that's to be expected from a food truck. Bottom line is that I would try other things from the menu if I happen to be around the truck again, however I wouldn't drive out of my way to track down the truck.
2	Very small burgers, to expensive for the size. Good concept but my meat was raw inside still. Not sure of the safety of their meat to ever eat again.
4	I've added the Fukuburger Truck to my Twitter feed before other trips to Vegas but never got a chance to try it until my most recent vacation. It was well worth the wait and the hunt!I love eggs, so I knew I would order the #2 - Tamago. The cute little girl taking my order advised me to put bacon and cheese on it as well, so in the spirit of Tom Cruise in Risky Business, I decided wtf. Why not? :) I also completed my calorie-laden meal with an order of jazz fries. I ate my meal with a fork, because I'm classy like that. But honestly, it was super messy, and I don't know how anyone could just eat this stuff with their hands, unless they had a roll of paper towel next to them. The burger and fries were good, but gotta be honest - I am a little surprised I didn't have a heart attack while eating it. Very rich stuff!There was also shave ice truck in the parking lot, which might have appealed to me if I wasn't from you know, Hawaii. I'm definitely glad I checked out the Fukuburger Truck!
3	Once again a 5 star burger place gets three stars. Here is the scoop. This burger is seriously good. I do question the overall consistency of this place. I have had 3 different burgers from this place in 2 trips and they were all tasty. So here are the issues.Mostly dealing with consistency. The price seems to fluctuate depending on the area of town they are in and the clientele they are serving. The first time I went I spent 5 bucks for one burger. The next time 27 for 3 burgers and a jazz fry. ?????? much. As well the second time my guest wasn't thrilled at all by her burger and thought it tasted a little burnt. Not an experience I have had. As well that time I don't think we got everything on the burgers that were supposed to be on them. One of my burgers was supposed to be hot and spicy but nothing even seemed to get close. As well one of the burgers was supposed to have wasibi mayo on it and it didn't said my friend. I think this food truck is starting to live off of reputation and maybe not putting the best effort into every burger. As for the burger the meat is tasty and flavored well. The combination a Asian centric topping is a hit with me. Especially the pickled ginger. If you like Asian inspired food and burgers then this is the place for you.I still think it is one of the best burgers in Vegas but depends on the day if you will actually get the burger you ordered. As well I would prob skip the 4 bucks for jazz fries next time. The fries are good but the portion is way small.
4	Lived in Vegas since '07 & somehow never tried Fuku. Play poker a ton and always saw David Williams taking up Fuku so was trying to try it for awhile now, just never went on a straight mission like I did coming from Henderson to find were they where. Left my place @ 9pm to try and get to them @ the Rio WSOP entrance before they left. My GF myself and her son showed up at 10:05 and they where just getting ready to leave for Freemont. I vented my frustrastion that I just drove all the way cross town to have them, The owner Colin said that was all we had to say, was that we just drove all the way from so and so, He yelled to the truck to take our order and they fired everything up and waited for us. Something I doubt 95% of businesses food truck or not would do here in Vegas. It's usually just, nope, you didnt make it, come back when we are open or at this other location, Thanks! But not w Fuku. They had a very nice cool and professional staff that helped us order. The only downside, & what stopped me giving 5 stars was the price, and I know that is because the venue they were at, which I forgot I read about on Yelp from other reviews they have to cover overhead. We ordered 3 burgers, two Jazz fries, and 3 sodas and it was $39 & change. All burgers and fries were Delish, and awesome like other yelpers have stated. I know if I went to them at one of their regular spots would be $5-10 cheaper. Overall I wanted to try fuku due to the great yelp reviews, the word of mouth, and the expierience, and I wasn't let down. Colin said his plan is to eventually have a sit down restauraunt in LV along with CA.
5	After years of knowing about this truck and months of waiting since I passed them up at the Silverton food truck festival, I finally got the chance to try these guys out. They were parked outside Kuma Snow Cream for its grand opening event. In spite of the intense heat, we opted to go for burgers instead of braving the long lines for the sweet treats.Quickly glancing at the menu, I skipped the plain-sounding option #1 and went for #2, the Tamago Burger. They'll ask you for a nickname instead of your actual name to call your order. It seems that Pokemon were really popular that evening, but I went with... something else that you'll have to ask me about later.After several minutes, my $5 morsel of goodness came out. It was impressively hard to eat with all the ingredients and mayo literally bursting from the sides. I ended up having to cradle the burger with one hand and to support it with the paper plate in my other hand. Then I licked my hand clean and wiped it down with the napkins. I have no shame; it was that yummy.I never did get to try Kuma, actually. But it probably wasn't the best food available that night anyway.
5	I have had the pleasure of eating at "Fuku Burger" a few times now, and it's always been very satisfying! Everyone that works there has very good energy, which made it a pleasurable experience every time! This is a definite must try!!!!
4	I love food trucks! Was pretty excited to try this out when my friend recommended it. The location was kind of sketchy and hard to find but we found it in the back lot of the Backstage Bar & Billiards. Luckily got there before the line got too long. The truck is interesting, to say the least. It's plastered with stickers, they had a hookah set on the side, there are tens of orange buckets laid out as seats, and you have to come up with a "dirty" name to attach to your order. It was great. FOOD: I ordered a Tomago (egg) burger and the Crack Fries. The dude was really friendly and offered some good suggestions. Burger was $6 and Crack Fries were $4. They accept card but charge $.45 extra! The burger was really well put together with the egg and fried onions. The patty was juicy and savory and the bun was warm and soft. The crack fries had this salty soy sauce-based "crack" sauce over them and they were SCRUMPTIOUS. Definitely get them. My only issue was the fries got really salty after a while but I probably should have bought a water. I thought the portions would be a bit small but I was pleasantly satisfied after my burger and fries!Great vibe & delicious food, I'll definitely be back.
4	This past weekend we were driving around Vegas for something good to eat and by this time we're way off the strip just looking for something that appealed to us both. Out of the corner of my eye I spotted a jackpot, like 6 food trucks in a row! It turned out to be the 1st Friday Art event in downtown Vegas, but we didn't care, we just wanted some good grub. I wanted something Asian (I'm always up for Thai) and my husband was up for anything but, so I knew our chances of finding something we both liked were good here.We walked by all the food trucks and then as we were checking out the roller derby mini arena this Fukuburger truck pulls up and a line formed instantly! We decided this was the truck for us too. The burgers were $6 each and the patties were super thick and juicy. Overall it was a great burger. I got the #1 (Lucky) and my husband got the #3 the Buta-burger. We usually share fries and were a little disappointed when we first saw how tiny our order of garlic fries was, but that burger was filling enough that we didn't feel as cheated in the end. We both loved our burgers and that awesome garlic sauce. There weren't many seats available so we sat on some buckets that I think the truck brought with them. That may have been a first for me.Also, the people running the truck seem way cool. We'll definitely hit the Fukuburger truck again when we're in Vegas and hopefully try all of the other burgers.
3	I'm probably the last person who lives in Vegas to try Fuku. I've many failed attempts to go to Chinatown and food truck events to have their burger since almost everyone I know like them. I was excited that they were at the car show last night. The line was a bit long so I had high hopes.I had the Tamago burger and garlic fries. My friend got the Karai (spicy) burger and garlic fries. The Tamago burger was too sweet and messy to eat. The garlic fries were not garlic-ky at all and the dip was also sweet. The Karai burger was a little bit spicy but plenty sweet.Overall, Fuku did not live up to my expectations. All hype, sadly. I might have enjoyed it if I were drunk and couldn't feel my mouth. It's just not for me.
3	Over priced, over sauced, too long of wait for food, but the burgers are descent.
3	Fuku hits the spot. A definate local treat. I only wish they kept the Mac salad in stock. I don't understand why it's on the menu full time when it's only a once in a while special.  I've been told this delicious treat is only made about once a month.
5	Catch this late night burger truck! They move around to certain spots several times a week, so depending on what day definitely check their website to see where they will be next!I love their burgers, they've once made my order wrong but it still tastes good! It may be a bit pricey but if you haven't tried it before, it's definitely worth it. I always order the Mushroom burger and it just tastes great each time.The workers are upbeat and have a good attitude and are always down to have a good conversation. Short and sweet review for a good burger truck!
5	I don't even like burgers but this place comes to my mind (and make me drool) every 5 weeks or so, and that's addiction. My favorite is Naga Dog :)
5	I had my first fukuburger back in 2010 and instantly became a fan. I would come by myself and order the nagadog and eat it in my car before work.Eventually Colin and Mags chatted me up and encouraged me to participate and experience the "fuku culture".I always tend to order the same thing(naga dog) but have tried every item on the menu. Although they serve staple American items such as burgers, fries, and hotdogs, fukuburger has successfully added an asian culture twist to every item. I guess you would call that a fusion...The only reason you wouldn't enjoy fukuburger is if you are a vegetarian. Even so...you will most likely fall in love with the staff and the unique atmosphere that they have created. It is obvious that they have a passion for meat. The patties are marinated and the toppings are incredibly addictive.Warning: You will become a fan.
2	I really wanted to like this place when i rolled up with my babe there was a huge line and i knew that i was going to forgoe the other trucks and grab a fuku burger.sadly dissapointed with my mushroom burger, I dont know if they were having an off night but my burger had some kind of grit in it and it was very off putting i had to toss it out. my girl had the katsu chiken and she didnt finish plus the fries were kinda soggy to boot.
4	I'm pretty sure that Fukuburger has replaced dirty street tacos as my favorite post-libation-snack-while-you-sober-up option.Friday and Saturday nights they can often be found in a parking lot off of 6th and Fremont these days...and I completely support this decision. My standard these days is the #2 Tamago and their Jazz fries!  They do a great job with their burgers here...always cooked to a wonderful med-rare every time.  They have a couple house-made sauces that are spot on for burgers.  I would be confident ordering any of their items though.
2	Well, the last time I patronised this food truck, was probably the last time. They were pretty close to running me off the road -- I believe unrelated to my patronage of their business (I do tip) -- and, when I brought this up to their attention in a snarky manner via social media, they joked about it. I chuckled because they understood exactly what I meant even though it was being indirectly referenced (they must run or be close to running a lot of people off the road). Chuckled because it easier to just shrug someone nearly killing you on the I-15 than letting it upset you. So, no harm, no foul. Maybe they are just really bad, inconsiderate drivers. There are like one hundred thousand others out there. In any case, it appears as if they enjoy dishing out plenty of quips via social media but cannot take the most simplest of ones. (They blocked me after one Firefly joke.) So, what the hell does this have to do with their business rating? Well, if I cannot see where they are (blocked on social media site used to track location for food trucks), how am I supposed to remain a customer? They basically made it perfectly clear how they feel about any Firefly jokes being made. (Blocked.)Epilogue.The Tamago burger is okay and a steal at 5/6$ or whatever will be the pricepoint at the time of reading. They give you Japanese candy for tipping, which is a sweet touch. There is a Fukuburger brick & mortar restaurant in L.A., and maybe, that will be safest bet for being a patron of this company. I will order my next Tamago from there. - E
5	One of the best food trucks in town! Not only their burgers are bomb but their jazz fries are amazing too. The best part of fuku burger is that they also give back to the community and help hurricane victims around the world! Way to go fuku!! Love them!
5	I love fuku. All of their burgers are declines and affordable. They also always try different menu items like a chicken Katsu loco moco. Their fries are delicious too. I honestly love each of their burgers and I believe they are like 5-6 bucks each. Definitely some of the best burgers in town and they're coming off of a truck.
5	Absolutely the best hamburger in Las Vegas.  I have been to many restauraunts from hole in the wall joints to very expensive places on the strip and I must say that Fukuburger is by far the best hamburger I have ever had.  I think the crack sauce was made by God himself and sent down to the fuku truck.
5	Me & my ex used to go to the race meets on Spring Mtn & Wynn, this is where I had my first Fuku burger 3 yrs ago. Ahhh, GREAT times ...still one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. The crack sauce is a MUST with the fries. I'm hooked. Fuku, I LOVE YOU! Thank you for amazing food,  great service,  & for giving back! I am a customer for life & wish you a lifetime of success!
4	So after my 1st review I was contacted by the owner of this fine establishment. He offer to remake my previous meal if I would come back in again. I more than gladly took them up on this offer. As the 1st time I visited Fuku was really good and the second time was just alright. This time I ordered the 1 and the 5. The burgers were both awesome. Love the pickled ginger on a burger and this time the number 5 had a little more heat to it. I still thing the special fries at this place are worth a pass in the long run. Just not enough fries for my taste. I did get a second to visit with the owner. He was a very nice guy who you can tell loves what he does. He is what more owners/managers should be like. Taking great pride in his product and making sure his customers are happy. He also explained how price is affected by were they are parked and how much a space rental might be. Makes more sense to me now. I will definitely be back the next time I am in Vegas. Note this is and upgraded review and the star rating reflects two 5 star experiences and a 3 star. If you want prob the best burger in Vegas then you will eat here.
5	I love Fuku!!!!! For those who haven't tried it, great fusion of Japanese style burgers. But what the best thing to go for is the different specials chef mags whips up every now and then. It's better than opening presents on Christmas Day! Keep it up Colin!
5	i love this spot!!! How can you go wrong with fusion burgers?
5	I am a long time Fukuburger loyalist. I always leave their truck very full and very happy!I usually get the Tamago burger because what is better than the burger and egg combination? Lol. I get fries with my order as well and I appreciate the touch of Asian cuisine in the sriratcha mayo fry sauce. A couple tips, this food can get awfully messy, I would suggest bringing yourself some wet wipes. Also, visit them in a truck so you can order your food and eat in the bed of the truck and not worry about a place to sit.Last time I stopped by the truck, they were unfortunately out of strawberry lemonade! Sad face. But when they do have it, you can be sure that I am washing it down with my yummy burger.One time Fukuburger was invited to UNLV and the line was crazy, but being the friendly staff that they are, Fuku definitely hyped up the crowd with games and conversation and made it seem like we hardly waited at all.This food truck definitely caters to the cool crowd, their innovative menu items, late night business hours, and fun location stops make their truck the fun place to be.
5	Seriously the best burger in town!!! They are almost always located on Freemont street on Friday and Saturday night. A burger from the Fukuburger Truck is exactly what you need after walking up and down Freemont Street. The eggs that they put on their burgers are fresh and do not taste like they were microwaved in to existence.
5	Amazing food!!! Always keep it A+!!! Been coming here for the past 3 and half year. Always there to serve you when you hungry!!! Lol
4	It s some stuff I recomend for people to dry. And tip for the owner, add a little bit of preserved mustard green , peanut with sugar ( crushed and mixed together), chopped  garlic with spoonful of  water that needs to be added to the sauce , few pcs of cilantro leaves and few drops of hot sauce of  hot sauce. And this will make it the most authentic porkbelly bun just like the one from taiwan and Hongkong. It will be a hit.
5	I Love fuku burger!!! every time i have family and friend come over, the first place we try to go to is FUKU BURGER. I have bee eating there since 2010 when I first came back to the United States from being stationed in JAPAN and it is a wild twist. a little mix between style of how food is made in USA/JP. The egg burger combo is zoo good, and that special sauce!!! yeses so good. Can't wait to see them at FOODIE FEST.. definitely hitting them up for sure.
5	After much anticipation I ate a fuku original burger today at foodie fest and both me and my wife agree it was the best thing we had today, burger itself was a terrific medium with tons of flavor!! Would def go back and recommend to anyone
1	Not worth the wait,  waited over an hour for 1 burger.  The karai,  it was tiny,  perfect for me but too small compared to other burgers of the same genre. The bread was soaked in worstershire spicy liquid the meat had an over fried edge to it and overall,  no flavor except for the liquid in the bread.  Don't believe the hype.  For Asian fusion burgers try Bachi Burger.
2	I will qualify this by saying my only experience with them has been at the Foodie Festival. Everybody was raving about Fukuburger and when I saw their truck I had to try it. We ordered and then waited over 40 minutes to get our burgers. I would say, well its a food festival and its busy.. but it was 3PM on Sunday and there were a total of 5 orders ahead of ours. It took 40 minutes for them to serve 6 total customers.So after the wait, we get our burgers. For the price of $7 a piece, I was disappointed straightaway. The burgers are very very small. The bun is the kind you buy in a pack of 8 for $2 at the grocery and I will be generous and say it was 1/4 pound of meat... but I doubt it was that much. Now I will say the flavor of my egg burger was good... but both my and my girlfriends spicy burger were both cold. Like cold bun, cold meat, cold toppings... everything was cold. It took 40 minutes to prepare a cold burger. Ordinarily, I would have just taken it back. But in that 40 minute wait time, their line was now really big and I didn't want to stand in line 10 more minutes to wait 40 minutes on another burger.I was really disappointed and it makes me sad. I really love supporting my local Las Vegas businesses.. but I won't be back to Fukuburger.
2	Waiting  30 minutes for a burger is a joke.  It's time to grow up and ditch the food truck and get a real location.
2	Ok going on Juuuusst under a year now I've been trying to keep my family optomistic about The Fukuburger Truck.. The food looks SOOOO GOOD & it has a dash of back Home Hawaii too.. But the problem is i can nvr be in right timing with their schdl.!! It drives me Nuts! I sware lol. I wish they'd open bit earlyer earlyer you know.. We have kids so it makes it  a little difficult to be making late night runs for dinner.. And the few times  that we wantd to, I called ahead but.. They wernt any where near our home location... I mean i totally understand that they cater to the night life.. and thats how they've done it all this time. Ill just have to wait for the perfect timing? Lol.. but keep up the awsome work guys.. The food looks Aaamazzee!! #that furukakesaladtho
5	Best hamburger I have ever had. Get it with egg. The truck is in a different spot every day so you need to follow them on FB to find it. When you do you will not be disappointed.
4	Great late night snack, nothing like a runny egg on a burger to put the alcohol raging through your system in check.And the crack sauce on the fries.  Yes.  Yes please.
3	Dear Fukuburger truck-You have great taste and a cult following, but our relationship needs to cool off a bit. It's not you, it's me. Ever since you shot to stardom, you have trouble remembering my name or order and I keep noticing you looking at jailbait teens in short-shorts instead of me when we're out on the town.Your namesake Fukuburger is delicious, but I'll find someone like you eventually. What I'll really miss is your Nagadog- no one's spicy sausage and fancy toppings compare to yours. It'll be a lot of long hard nights longing for you before I can move on.But it needs to be done. I'll see you around, and I wish you the best, but you gotta stop calling my name when you have a bad day. I value myself too much to be your cheap, quick, and easy back up plan.See you around,Stefany V.  AKA Blonde Ambition
5	Ah Fukuburger, this is probably one of best burgers I've had in Vegas. Every time I come to Vegas I would try to drive out to their location to get my fix. I was kinda sad that the location in LA was closed which only increased my craving for it. But anyways, I usually get the Tamago, Buta, or Karai burgers. Every time I stop by here it has always been a great experience. I feel that the Karai burger could be a little spicier, but my threshold for spicy food is unusually high. I absolutely love their garlic fries with crack sauce, it's amazing. They usually start serving late night so it's a great place to take a break from drinking/gambling and have a late night snack. Line can sometimes be long, but it's worth the wait.
5	So worth cheating on any diet!  I promise!  I've had 3 of the 6 burgers and I've never been disappointed.  Fukuburger is the kind of delicious where it's so good when you take a bite you have to do it with your eyes closed.  Like that!  I go to downtown Fremont on the weekends just for Fukuburger.  Sure there's the cool bars and friends to hang out with, but I always make a point to bring whoever I'm with to the parking lot behind the bars where the Fukuburger truck is parked on Fridays and Saturdays pumping loud music with a crowd of people gathered together sitting on those orange buckets having a great time.  Every trip to this truck is always fun and worth it.
4	Great tasting burger!  Only thing we didn't like was the wait. They post on their website that they would be at a specific location at 10pm, but weren't open til 10:40pm we stood there til after 11 to finally get our food.  The people were friendly, but they should have tried to accommodate us somehow for the wait.  If I run into it again I would have it again, but will not hunt down this truck again.
3	Kudos to you all for representing the Asian Fusion food! The flavors are there. Unfortunately, the 2 times I have visited, I was not as pleased as those who raved about the food. It seems I'm not the only one who wishes the buns were better and not soggy. My friend's Burger bun was fine, but mine was not as appealing. Work on the quality and be consistent. With the picture posted, I meant that maybe the truck should be parked on regular slots & not take up 2 Handicap stalls. Good luck & Happy Cooking!
4	Colin has got to be one of the best and respectable small business owners I have ever met. I've seen them grow throughout the years and expand to LA and the Linq. The food is always delicious and consistent. They really do put their heart in what they make. The chicken katsu is one of my favorites for sure as well as the spicy burger. The only problem I have is that I wish the burgers were bigger! I am always still hungry after one. If they were bigger for the price, I'd be here once a week. Now I just go once a month. But still, fukuburger is a great place to hang out and have a burger at.
4	Sad the Los Angeles location closed down. I have always wanted to try the Vegas truck but never got a chance. My pictures and review are for the food I ate at the LA location, same menu.Chicken Katsu - $6 - Chicken was fried to a perfectly, crunchy outside and juicy inside. The slaw and crack sauce complemented the burger well.Tamago - $6 - I loved the taste of the patty. It was juicy and flavored really well. And everything is better with a fried egg!Garlic Fries - $4 - Fries were good but nothing special. The dip was really good though.I really liked the food at the restaurant, cannot wait to actually try the truck!
5	Best burger we've had in forever. Heard about this place in ATL. We had to visit. Flavors are amazing. It was well worth the trip to downtown Vegas!!!!!!!!!
