5	Very good dry cleaners that is right down the road from my house. They always do a good job and listen to any comments or requests i have. They always have coupons flying around the mail which is great to. Also returned $ to me that was left in my pocket!!! Very honest people.
1	Will never come back here again. Sent in my boyfriend's white work shirts to get cleaned and pressed.... came back dirty. Mind you we have taken them to other places and they have done a fine job.A couple days later I picked up my things.... one white shirt with a black bow tie that I love from an expensive designer that I have had dry cleaned before. THEY COMPLETELY RUINED my top!!! They let the black bleed through the white, now the shirt is grayish cream, and is not soft anymore.DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU VALUE YOUR EXPENSIVE CLOTHING!!! THEY WILL RUIN IT!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Trying to figure out why they charged me $14 for two pairs of dress pants. They did offer me a 10% off coupon bringing the total down to $12.60. Still not good enough.
1	I'll never go back. I wouldn't even take my socks here!
5	Great service and quality . I'm very glad we started using the free delivery service too- it makes life so much easier!
5	My new neighborhood cleaners! Listen yelpers I like buying nice well made and sometimes expensive/designer clothes and although I dislike the "dry clean only" tag - Village East cleaners never disappoints. Oh and thier Alterations are truly done by professionals - I took my brand-new Bettie page dress to get it shortened (dont judge me lol) and when I got it back it was perfect! The seamstress listened to exactly what I wanted and made the changes just as I asked.
1	These people are horrible!  I took a brand new pair of silk pants ($140) in that were dirty on bottom.  They cleaned them.  I went in to pick them up, they were just filthy.  They cleaned them again.  Still filthy!  They said I should cut them off and make them into shorts!  Really?  They are brand new!  No money back, nothing.  I took them to The Cleaners and Alterations.  Just picked them up.  They are clean!  Took them back to Village East, and they could have cared less.  So I had to pay twice, they would not reimburse me for their lousy work!!
2	After posting about the terrible service I received, today I received a check and a gift certificate.  Way to go Village Cleaners!  I feel better.  Could have been all avoided if they had just paid my cleaning bill, but this is nice.
5	I had some patches made for my son's Gi, and the person that said could see them on, didn't.  My failed attempt to iron them on with a fabric adhesive, left me desperate to have them sewn on.  Everyone I called acted like they didn't want to do this simple job, and made elaborate excuses not to get it done.  I walked into Village East, and the lady there didn't blink twice.  She took my items to be sewn on and pinned them on, said she could have it done in a jiffy!!!  Thank you Village East!!!  You can add one more satisfied customer to your list!!!
1	I took one jacket here and one pair of jeans to be cleaned. I pointed out where the areas that I needed to be cleaned were. A week later I returned to pick up my cleaned garments. When I recieved them, I noticed that neither of the items had been cleaned. The employee told me she could reclean everything for free. I already had my jeans in my hand and asked for my jacket back. She would not give it back until I asked her numerous more times! She was holding my jacket for ransom! I will never go back here. The prices are too high and quality of services performed is horrible.
5	My gown looks new!! Ready to wear it again :) We had a destination wedding in the Serengeti in Africa. I was worried some of the dirt would not come out, especially as the stains were on there for almost 2 weeks before I could get it in to be cleaned. My dress looks amazing. I highly recommend to anyone.
5	They did an amazing job on my wedding dress preservation. They clearly explained the process on how it would all be done, and the gown was ready very quickly. It looks perfect, it was well worth the investment for such an important gown! I would be confident sending anyone their way for wedding gowns, dry cleaning or alterations. They never disappoint!
5	They did an excellent job in alerting a formal dress from a size 4 to 0.  Highly recommended.
3	Although the staff at Village East is very friendly, I wasn't 100% satisfied with the services. When my dress was ready to be picked up, I looked it over in the store and saw that it was still dirty at the bottom. I had pointed out specific areas when I dropped it off, so I thought they would be addressed. Denise was accommodating and suggested they re-clean it, which they did. They delivered the re-cleaned dress to my house (which I appreciated) and the dress looked much better.
1	Can you please adjust this site to the correct hours. I came in on Sunday to drop off and you are apparently not open as it states. Would've been my first time using you. Thank you
5	Nothing Short of a Miracle!! I had a beautiful, very expensive, cashmere sweater that had 3 holes from a moth. Two of the holes were fairly large. I thought it was ruined, I was heart-broken as replacing it was not an option.Village East Cleaners not only repaired it so no one can tell (and I mean not even me) that there was ever a problem but they reassured me it would be alright when I called worried the repair would be unsightly if not weaved properly. These are talented people who know their craft. Do yourself a favor go see them for your most precious alterations/repairs!
