5	Stopped in to get a new tube after Tera popped hers on our last critical mass ride.Guys in the shop are hella cool. Very friendly, willing to talk to you, answer questions, show you how to do stuff etc.I only bought a couple of tubes and a tool set on this visit, but I'm sure I'll be back for other biking gear.I also bought my bro a mountain bike here a couple years ago and that experience was also stellar. No complaints for this place.
5	One of my favorite shops.  The staff are very knowledgeable and friendly.  My experiences with Exhale Bikes have always been great.
2	Overall the shop is well stocked and displayed nicely- however- they seem to have a problem in controlling maintenance times.  Let me give you an example:I went in yesterday (Monday after Christmas) in my hand was Reynolds aero rear wheel  that needed a spoke fixed (popped nipple). In the other hand I had cash , I was looking to but a new helmet,clips, etc..   A salesperson ( young kid)  came to me right away and I asked if I could get this fixed today- his reply.."it will take about a week".. I said a week !!!! he replied "we are really backed up".      (this is not my first experience with them on this issue. I even sent a friend to the shop and this happened to her).. he said "let me go ask to see if it can be done" - a moment later he came back and said "no way it would be a week" .  Feeling rejected and sad as I wanted to ride that day ,  I had no choice to leave and find another shop.    It was a shame, I like the shop and the owner is very nice and the product is good but they have to get this under control.  I went somewhere else who fixed the tire in under 30 minutes and had the products I was looking for. I walked out spending about $250.. sorry Exhale..maybe in a few months I might try you again
5	A GREAT bike shop!I was in town for a conference a few weeks ago and wanted to spend a free afternoon in the mountains.  I saw that they had some good reviews and I was not disappointed!  They guys at the shop were fast, knowledgeable, and went above and beyond to recommend the best trail points as well as a good restaurant to refuel afterwards.  Their customer service is as good as it gets and, since I work in retail, I'm pretty critical.  A+ Exhale bikes!!!!  I hope to visit again!
5	I bought my Specialized mountain bike several years ago at Exhale. I took it in recently for some mechanical issues. They were knowledgable with integrity, especially since I'm mechanically challenged.  They explained what needed done with estimates that were fair and reasonable. They even expressed changes that will help me with my riding goals.  Thanks Exhale!!!
5	Always helpful people, fantastic service. I bought my mtn bike 7 years ago from these folks and haven't thought of going anywhere else since.EDIT:Explanation of WHY I feel this way:I brought the bike in because I had blown out the front fork seals, probably just from the bike hanging around too long without being used.The guys had the bike for a couple days, to give it a good once over, and I didn't care, I haven't ridden it in a while.  They called with the verdict, the fork seals can be fixed, but it might be hard to find parts, the company that made them is out of business.  I didn't care to worry about it right yet, so said "I'm not gonna worry about it, what do I owe ya for the checkup?"  they said "Nothing, just come back here when you want to buy new front forks."For SURE!  Thanks guys.
5	Great shop and great people. Seriously these guys know their stuff and will get you setup with what you need to get out there and ride.
5	Great guys, great service.  A few years ago, I bought myself a folding commuter bike off the net only to find out it was too heavy to cart up and down the stairs to my 3rd story apartment.  Fast forward to present day.  I'm now in a house and can finally have a full sized bike without worrying about dragging it up and down the stairs.These guys accepted the folding bike for store credit, even though I know it doesn't fit in with their stock at all.  I used the credit towards a fab used bike and received excellent service in making sure the bike was sized appropriately and fit my needs.  I had fessed up that I'm pretty much a bike noob, and the owner very helpfully even gave me instructions on how to use the flat tire kit I bought without me having to ask, which is great since I've never used one before.Very reasonable prices and excellent service.  They're in my neighborhood and have earned a loyal customer today.  I'll be sure to refer any friends to them in the future.
5	Wow.  This was the best customer service I've had in a very long time - I'm talking like decades.  I had a biking jacket given to me as a Christmas gift - it was too small.  I brought it in without a receipt.  Exhale was happy to exchange it for me. They did not have my size in stock in that same style.  I was told that they would be able to order one for me.  I was also given the option of an in-store credit.  Instead, I selected another style of jacket that was slightly more expensive.  Exhale covered the difference!  I was astonished.They have a great selection of (mostly Specialized brand) products.  But outstanding customer service.  Despite the fact that this is not the closest shop to my house, this will be my bike shop of choice.
5	Bought my first road bike here a week ago. James and Nathan fielded all my questions and showed me a variety of models that helped me narrow down my choices based on my desires and budget. I found pricing to be fair...excited to take delivery of new wheels!
5	Bought a beautiful Specialized road bike from James at Exhale today. These guys do business the right way. Great advice about bikes, biking, racing, the culture in general. Price was super competitive and they fit my bike to me no charge and told me to bring it back for an even more complete fitting when I decided to clip in. The bike even comes with two years of adjustments!  I was completely impressed with the entire business. These guys are a great example of how to compete with Walmart and the Internet.
5	I needed a good bike rental because US Airways wanted to charge 400.00 round trip to bring my bike down to PHX.  Exhale had a brand new Specialized camber comp demo. The bike was perfect for the three days of single track I had in mind. Service was great, rental was reasonable (closed Sunday so that day is free) and the bike was top of the line.
5	Every guy that has helped me out here have been complete sweethearts. Just absolutely the best service that you can really find with bikes. Some shops will screw you in the ass when it comes to labor fees , one in peoria I've been to charges for how long the bike is in the shop. I have gone in here on 2 separate occasions and they have done a amazing job straightening out my rims , and the frame of my bike. Reasonable prices. Definitely come here for a good tune up on your bike.
5	These guys are my go-to LBS, right down the road.  Wes has always been a huge help.  They give great honest advice without always upselling. Good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices.
5	I have been a customer of exhale bikes for 18 years. They are knowledgable work very hard to help you and they always make sure you are satisfied with your new bike purchase or any repair you have done. Great Mechanics!!!
5	Had them repair my bike earlier this year. They had a quick turnaround time and very reasonable price, good customer service.
2	I started by renting a bike and it went well, I then had all my questions answered by Nathan and ended up buying a bike around $1300, crave. I had my sons bike in for service. a week later I called to see if service was done, answer was " Did anyone call you, then it isn't done " I had purchased new bars with my bike and they made a mistake ordering those and questioned me multiple times for proof that I had. Thankfully I was able to deal with Nathan again and things smoothed out. I would stay away from here unless you want to feel like you are bothering the employees, and don't mind the proverbial" short guy attitude "
1	Worse customer service I have seen in a bike shop!!! Took rims into to get fixed and the said it would be a WEEK to fix. We let them know we had a race and that they needed to be done by then. No call the day they were suppose to be done. We went in the next day in the afternoon to pick them up and they had not worked on them at ALL. All the staff looked dumb founded and said we need til the end of the day. They knew I had a race this weekend and couldn't complete an easy task!!' Why take them and say you can complete if you don't even start!! Lost business!!! Stay away!!
1	If I could give less than 1 star I would. This shop was recommended to me by a co worker when I was out looking to purchase my first road bike. I went in expecting to have a great experience but walked out vowing to never go back. I went in looking to spend between $1500 and $1800 for the bike and was told that the only bike they had was over $2000 - above my budget and that I would just have to order the lower priced bike, prepaid of course. While taking a minute to think about it they guy walked away and started helping someone else and when I started to ask a question he totally ignored me. I guess  they figured that they didn't need my business. I walked out and never went back. Horrible experience and with the fact there are so many other shops in the area I will go without something before i go into this shop ever again.
4	I came in looking for a new mountain bike after being out of the saddle for years. James helped in catching me up ( I had done my preliminary research), looking at their available bikes, and even helped me test to see if a 29er would fit it my car (why did I buy a coupe?). He was friendly, helpful, and informative. I came back a few days later to set up a rental over the weekend on a Spec. Camber Comp. I even got some trail recommendations that were accurate for the skill-level I told them I was at. While riding, I ran into a mechanical issue (my fault, they handed it to me in good condition at the start) took it and and the tech there quickly greeted me and got it fixed (they were fairly busy too). I even got an extra day on the rental since I lost a day getting it fixed.Overall, I had a great experience with them. Service was fast and friendly. Staff was informative and I never got the attitude some people claim to catch in bike shops. I ended up feeling more comfortable on a different bike and unfortunately Exhale didn't carry the brand. I would have rather bought from them to be honest. I like the shop enough that I actually considered buying a bike from them that I wasn't 100% on just so I could work with them instead.
5	I'm on the Discount Tire Cycling team and ride among people with serious road bikes. I'm the guy with the new hybrid and not a lot of extra budget for cycling. I've been riding with the team about six weeks and lacked clipless pedals. One of my team members suggested I go here and that they would take great care of me. Did they ever on Saturday (April 12, 2014). I stopped by briefly around lunch and had a quick conversation with Nathan. He immediate offered to save me about $50 overall on the purchase of shoes and pedals, compared to another shop in town. I came back later in the afternoon and not only did he stick to his offer, he spent almost an hour tweaking my bike to make sure it fit me perfectly. This was my first time buying anything in the shop. I didn't buy my bike here! This morning I had one of my best rides ever, owing to the fact I had the new pedals and that my bike was custom fit to me, myself and I. Great shop, great service. Will definitely be going back.
5	I've rented a lot of mountain bikes but this is the first place that spent a lot of time to ensure that the bike was set up properly for me. Best experience ever.  Great rental bikes, great shop, really friendly and helpful people, highly recommended.
