2	I've been here twice. Both times, I pulled up and sat waiting at the entrance, and some guy from the shop next door had to run over and notify someone of my presence. The second time I was actually backing out of the driveway to leave and the guy chased me down. If you ask to have your wheels cleaned, the attendants use brushes on them. These same brushes are used on the exterior of your car. Car nuts have an adage of "don't use on your wheels what you use on your paint" but we can forgo that for this review. My gripe here is that I ended up with scratches on my wheels. My car isn't anything to write home about so I'm not particularly worried about scratches in my paint, but if you have a newer/nicer car, I would look out for this. One thing I like about this place (and a star redeemer) is that your car is hand dried at the end. Going along with that extra star is the fact that the people here are nice and aren't trying to screw you over; the quality of the wash could be better though. Go here, get the cheap wash, leave with a clean and dry car.
5	When you come to this place it really looks like a dump but once you enter you get a really good service depending on how busy they are.  I haven't seen a place better in pittsburgh but they scrub your exterior with brushes to get the hard to get off bugs and dirt.  The car wash is automated as well and hand dried.  I got the platinum service which cleans the inside as well and they did a great job.  There were a few things that they missed but when I told them about it they took care of it.  When cleaning the car they even cleaned the door hinges area meticulously.  I was very happy that Pittsburgh has a decent hand car wash place and good detailing.  There is always room for improvement but these guys did a great job.  I would definitely go back again.  Keep looking at their website for specials they have 3x  $16 dollar car washes for $24 sometimes.  Great deal.
5	They always do a nice job of washing the car.  Those touchless car washes never get all of the dirt off and this car wash has real brushes that actually cleans your car.  They recently added a protective cover to the wheel guide so that your rims don't get scratched.  The hand dry at the end is a definite bonus.
5	Giving my local businesses some loving. I frequent here & will never gives money elsewhere. There is a touch less car wash right down the street for the same prices who cleans half what this place does. I personally prefer an actual hand wash anyday. If you do come here, those these guys a buck or 2 in the tip. I've never had a guy here that didn't make sure every little mark or wet spot was off the car before I drove off the lot.
