5	I brought my precious doggies to Jeannie's last weekend after having been generally disapointed by the service I was receiving at PetSmart. My best friend found this place and reccomended it to me. I could not have been happier to find my new permanent groomers!The store itself was adorable, and I loved that their  two very chillaxed kitties were hanging out (well, sleeping :)) in the lobby. The place was very clean and well kept.What I loved the most about Jeannies was the groomers themselves. They were very friendly and were so unbeliveably sweet to my babies. It was obvious that they truly love pets and did everything they could to make the expirence pleasant for my furries. My groomer took one look at my dandery golden retriever, Naala, and told us she would use a special shampoo on her that would help her skin. Since I picked her up I have not seen one flake of dander on her for the first time in years.When I picked up Naala, I brought in my black lab mix, Drake, to have his nails cliped. My groomer was again so sweet to Drake, and when he got fussy over the clipping, another groomer imediately came over and distracted him with love so he wouldn't fuss. I loooved that :)My issue with PetSmart was that I pay as much $ to have my pets groomed, as I do to have my own hair done. The level of service I expect from my stylist is the same as what I expect from my groomer. I absolutey found what I was looking for at Jeannie's and would highy reccomend them to anyone with furry kids.
5	I have a very timid dog who is very nervous around strange people. In fact, I once tried to have her groomed at PetSmart and they called 2 hours later to come get her because they couldn't work with her.  Jeannie's was the complete opposite. They are so calm and friendly, they took my dog back like it was nothing at all...and they did a great job!!! I wouldn't even consider taking my dog anywhere else, ever again!
5	We had been to only one groomer before and each visit I never had that warm fuzzy feel.  When my normal groomer couldn't get my dog in I decided to try something new and got a last minute appointment at Jeannie's Grooming.  I felt warmth when I entered the door.  When we walked in there were 4 or 5 smiling groomers welcoming us.  The deciding factor for me was when we brought Lola home she was excited and playful.  Not scratching herself on the floor and hiding.  She also had the cutest cut I have ever seen on her!  Thank you, we have found a new groomer!
5	Brought my two male long-haired cats here to get shaved for the first time. I was worried of how they would behave, but I was told they did great. My boys look SO handsome with their new haircuts and I will definitely bring them back and recommend them to others!
5	Thanks to Jeannie my kids get to keep their cat. We bought our two kids a beautiful cat 2.5 yrs ago and after 1 month of owning her I was fed up with cat hair she had to go. For the sake of our kids my husband thought of having her shaved. I found Jeannies grooming on Gilbert road and what a blessing she has been to our family. We have been taking pom pom our cat to Jeannies for the last 2.5 years and we will forever go to Jeannie. My kids love Jeannie she is so kind and loving and takes great care of our cat. If you do not live in the area but are in need of a loving experienced pet groomer Jeannies is worth every penny of gas you will spend to take your pet to her shop you will not be disappointed. Jeannie is AWSOME!!#
5	I've used Jeannie's Grooming since 2006.  They're very trustworthy and reasonably priced.  Jeannie's so nice and has helped animal rescues with donations in the past.
5	I've never had my cat groomed before, but Jeannie put him at ease and he took it like a champ! Jeannie's Grooming is a busy little joint, but they seem to be very accommodating as far as scheduling goes. I'll be back and definitely recommend this place. :-)
5	Our 3 dogs, (Romeo, India, and Zeke's) favorite thing in the world is to get get pampered by Jeannie and her crew.
1	This was my first (and last) time at this place. It had good reviews on yelp so I decided to try it...I took my little Cavalier there and spoke to the groomer beforehand...I was very specific with my instructions on his haircut, I told her to cut the hair on his legs, ears, tail but to leave his body hair the same except for a little trim..my poor dog came home with his coat almost completely shaved!!! I was so mad especially after specifically telling her not to touch his coat on his back. On top of it, this is the first time my dog comes back from grooming not smelling nice, and the bottom of his paws were still black (he's a white dog) and dirty!!! I should've known when I walked into the place that it would be a bad experience...the place looked dirty and disorganized and smelled bad! Waste of my money...never again!
5	This place is the best. Always top notch! Been going there for many years. Never disappointed. Thanks!
5	I absolutely love the staff and how wellThey treat my kiddos and of course all of there talent ,  I won't go any where else !
