5	This is a great little Mexican place... Very authentic. No indoor seating, but plenty of picnic tables under a covered patio.  The owners are building a new restaurant across the street that already looks very grand, even though it has not even been completed yet.  The new restaurant will have the same quality and lots of indoor seating and even live music on the weekends. Definitely give this place a try if you are out in the Queen Creek area.
4	The Place:I'm not sure if the first review was before they opened the new restaurant ... there is indoor seating in a beautiful casita-like dining room.  The entrance is through an archway that leads to a small patio area, off to the right (still outside) it looks like they could host a band or dance floor.The style of the restaurant is what I would call "quick casual" in that you order at a counter that is kind of hidden around the corner, then the waiters will bring chips and salsa as well as the food you have ordered.The food:I have been three times and can say it is an easy place to recommend to others.  The chips are fresh and crispy (a fav of the kids) and the salsa has a little heat, but nothing too over bearing.  I have tried the grilled chicken and grilled steak in burritos (the names escape me).  These meats are really well seasoned and served with pico de gallo which is fresh with a bit of heat.  My wife tried the beef tacos, also delicious.  The kids love the quesadilla and beans (they dip the q in the beans.)The bottom line:Great environment (if a bit "out there"), good value, great food.  It's worth a trip for sure.
5	This review is for the brand new building they just opened up across from the old one that was much smaller and only did take out. (I think)So HAPPY I found this place.  This is my new place for Mexican Food in Queen Creek.  This food had such amazing flavor.  The sauce was amazing and the tacos were seasoned perfectly.  We had good service, there was a ton of people there - all who were raving about the place.  Anyway - if you are looking for great Mexican Food in Queen Creek you need to hit this place up TODAY!!!  Again so glad I found it ... Enjoy and let me know if you liked it as much as I did!
5	I have eaten here about 4 times.  The food and service were great each time.  This is a casual dining experience;  you place your order with the cashier, pay, and then someone will bring your food out when its ready.  No alcoholic beverages served,  but they have bottled sodas from Mexico which are tasty (Made with Sugar,  not High Fructose syrup). Defianetly one of my favorite places to eat since Ive moved to Queen Creek.
4	Good food, decent service.  Ordering and getting food were a little slow.  We were 3rd in line when we got there and it was about a 10 minute wait to order and then another 20+ minutes to get food.  For this type of place, that's a bit slow.  Once the food arrived, we weren't disappointed.  Burritos, tacos, and enchiladas were all excellent.  It was definitely a step up from other Mexican restaurants in the area.  We'll definitely be back.
5	El Rico's is one of my favorite local restaurants. It's very close by and I love the way they have laid out the outside and upper floor. My girlfriend and I have gone here a few times and each time the food has been great and we have had plenty to eat. Their prices are reasonable and you can eat for nearly the same price you could at any fast-food joint. At night, the whole place really lights up and transforms the mood. Since it's out in the countryside, the stars can be seen at night and during the day, the Santan Mountains can be seen from the many windows. The staff are also on the spot, several times we finished the chip bowl and they had a new one to us just as we finished each of them. The salsa is great and you can really tell that it's authentic Mexican style. Plus, when our food arrived we were very surprised to see how much you get for the price. I got the chicken quesadilla and the cheese and chicken tasted fantastic. The few times we have gone there, we always needed a box to take home the remainder of our portions. If you enjoy a good date, I recommend going during the night; the whole environment changes from their well laid out lighting. Right now the weather is perfect to enjoy stargazing outside while enjoying some delicious food. If you are interested in taking a group, they can accommodate you with everything up to fine dining with candle light. The second story gives an alternative view to the Santan Mountains and the surrounding area. The only disappointment I had was their lack of waiting service. However, after you order at the counter they do bring you you're food and make sure everything is enjoyable and tasting great. I heard that they may be adding waiting service in the near future however, either way it is still a great place that's both visually and tastefully stunning.
4	This restaurant is in a bit of a transition. Downstairs is a cafeteria style experience that has been the standard for the restaurant. Recently the restaurant received a liquor license and started full service upstairs. Our server was very friendly and described all of the proposed changes including closing up the upstairs, but making the roofing retractable so that it could be opened on nice days. The views from upstairs were great - despite not much in the surrounding area to look at other than ran down buildings. At least the mountains provided a good view. The linens on the table and full service made it a wonderful experience. The food was good too - we started with the freshly made guacamole. It was just as good as Cafe Laredo, but half the price. I went with a margarita for $8, which really I could skip. I ordered frozen, but didn't get it and in general it was just kind of average. The chips were very good and the salsa very good. I ordered the beef taco with carne asada - which was surprisingly really spicy. I finished with dessert - the churros and the newly introduced sundae - neither were really impressive. While the service was friendly and knowledgeable, the server was a bit slow. I am sure that will improve as they get more experience with the full service. The entree and the app was exceptional - skip the drink and dessert and it would be perfect. Overall it was just over $50, but subtract the $8 drink, the price for the churro and sundae and it would be a good meal at a good price. While the bar isn't very high, this is definitely my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Queen Creek. I will be back frequently.
4	Ran into this place by accident and we stopped for lunch. The best part for me was the chips and salsa. Amazing flavor. I had the fajitas and wow what a plate full. I think I could get 3 meals out of it! My only disappointment was the tortilla shells. Although they came to the table very warm, they were very dry. The food's flavor was good and our server was attentive and pleasant. I will for sure come back when it is cooler and we can sit outside on the beautiful patio or upstairs open air dining.
5	The grilled carne asada burrito is the best burrito with the most flavorful steak you will ever find Period.  The salsa is a perfect blend of flavor with just enough of a kick for milder tastes.   The churros are freshly made and a simple Mexican delight.  My go to place for tremendous authentic Mexican in an area full of pretenders, Phoenix.
1	This place USED to be good. We went there yesterday afternoon and everything was cold and tasted stale. To make our experience even better my husband had to get his own refill since our waiter never bothered to check if we needed any and when we asked for more salsa when our food came our waiter said he'd get it for us, a little while later still no salsa so my husband got up to look for our waiter to ask him for it and he said "in a minute I'm really busy"....WOW!!! I wouldn't be so irked if it were a packed restaurant but there was seriously only 1 other table there and I counted at least 4 if not 5 people working there...1 of them could've bothered to check to make sure if we had drinks and/or chips and salsa but obviously that was expecting way too much. Like I said they used to be good but the past few times I've been there their quality has been going down and this last experience was the last straw. Of course they are also very pricey...10.50 for 2 tacos beans and rice and the tacos are SMALL. I never thought Don Pedros which is 10 minutes away was that great but unfortunately Don Pedros is now better than this place :(
3	Food is too salty. Salsa is good. I like that they have switched the service from ordering at a counter to sitting and ordering off a menu.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I was a little hesitant because I am picky about my food...and well, especially because I am Mexican and restaurant food is too gringo for me!  BUT-This place is insaaaaane.  The salsa was AWESOME.  Guacamole...AWESOME.  I am VERY particular about my rice because many restaurants cannot make rice that is acceptable.  Here at El Rico's?  AWESOME.  The beans are hands down phenomenal to boot.  I ordered the soft tacos and tamales and well, they reminded me of home.  Incidentally, the wait on a weekend is a simple 20 or 30 minutes...but WORTH IT.  The staff is friendly and the patio divine.  My advice:Give it a go.  If not...yay!  More for me and less of a wait!!
5	Delicious food, fantastic Margaritas and wonderful service!
5	MUST GO!!  My husband I found this place while on our way home from the San Tan Mountains.  The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting and we enjoyed the music.  The best part though is the FOOD!!  My husband had the beef tacos and I had chicken Flautas.  The chicken is soooooooooooo good and the flauta is crispy deliciousness!  My husband really liked his tacos too.  I could get hooked on the chicken.  It's simple, juicy, fresh, and the best flavor.  Salsa is crazy good too!  The beans were fantastic and I don't usually order the beans.  I will every time I go here in the future that's for sure.  One last comment, the service was excellent.  Friendly, kept our drinks filled up and we were very happy.  We'll be back.  Keep up the excellence El Rico and you'll keep us coming back for more!! ;-)
4	Unexpectedly pretty building along a dusty dirt road, like a jewel dropped amid some dirty river rocks.  We drove past it twice before we found it.  I'm glad we did... The food was good. Chips and salsa were good... Nachos were good... Everyone enjoyed their food... This is one of those places that will "grow" into itself over the years.  To have good quality Mexican food that's not from a blah-bland Generican chain... Excellent.
4	Have lived in SE Gilbert (might as well be QC it's so far SE) for about 2 years and just now discovered this gem.The building is gorgeous... from the outside.  The inside leaves something to be desired... not much ambiance.  We went on a Sat night about 7:30pm.  There was a short wait (about 15 minutes).  The host sat us and gave us chips and salsa along with the menus, good thing since we were starving.  The salsa is very tasty, but I wish it had more heat.We ordered a shredded chicken quesadilla to start.  OMG so f'ing delicious I want to eat it every day.For our entrees, I got the pollo asado burrito enchilada style.  I kid you not, I'm drooling right now... literally there is drool dripping down my face... The food is incredible.Hubby got the carne asada GORDO burrito, which he loves, and I say that in the present tense because he is still eating it... and will be for the next 3 weeks.  It's that huge.To drink we had prickly pear margaritas, which were awesome except for the price.  $8 a piece. Ouch.  For a place like this I was expecting margaritas to be cheap, like $4 at the most.Service was great, food was great.  We will ABSOLUTELY be back.
4	We tried El Rico's today after buying a Weforia deal a while back.  I had heard great things about this place from friends and had been wanting to try it for a while.  We went on a Saturday at about 11:30 am and there was only one other table in the place, but around noon the place really started filling up.The margaritas were very tasty.  A little on the sweet side, but good.  Chips and salsa were also very good.  The chips were fresh although the salsa could have been just a bit spicier.  I had a veggie burrito and it was just gigantic!  Very good though and I still have half in the fridge.  The BF had the steak fajitas which he said were really good.  Also a very large portion so he has half in the fridge.  The only thing about the fajitas are that the flour tortillas that they brought him were the big giant burrito size which made it kind of hard to make a fajita.  Maybe it was just a mistake, or they were out of the smaller ones.  Who knows.  The other weird thing was the bathroom.  It says on the door "only 1 person...please lock door" or something like that.  But inside it's giant and there are two toilets....but no walls separating them...and no mirror.  Strange.Anyway, our waiter was very nice and made good recommendations, which the BF just loves.  We will definitely go back.
4	I have now been to El Rico's several times and thought it was time to give it a review. I went last night with a small group, and had another great experience. Although I usually get the same thing when I go (shredded beef gordo burrito...2 meals in 1), it's awesome each time. They do have great chips and salsa to start off with, and everyone I've been with has always enjoyed their food. The service has always been good to great. Although it is kind of in a weird location, the building it is in is definitely unique. We've always wanted to go in the evening when it is cooler out to sit outside, but have never made it. El Rico's is its own place, which makes it cool...it's not a cookie-cutter restaurant. It's my favorite mexican place out here.
5	This location has closed.  Went by today and found an empty restaurant.
1	I went by this location for lunch today, only to see a big CLOSED sign by the entrance.  Other cars came in too so I'm assuming it recently shut down.  I had lunch there 2 weeks ago.  The sign said that the Gilbert location was still open.
5	Amazing place! Great food , good prices, great service and amazing location.
