4	Very cool place. Nice atmosphere, jazzy, southern music and good food. Great BBQ dishes for supper and surprisingly, they have a great egg Benedict for those weekend brunches. You gotta try out the Chipotle egg Benedict (or is it the Tex Mex...)! However, the food is not refined or highend, but then again, they're not trying to be. Simple good southern food with the ambiance to go with it! I love the place.
2	Mesquite, unfortunately, was a bit of a let-down,My boyfriend and I recently moved into the area, and were delighted to find that this little southern food joint served breakfast as well as lunch and dinner.We first went for dinner, and each got a different type of burger which comes with fries and salad. The burgers were good enough and the fries were decent, but unfortunately the salad was just a pile of lettuce, which seems to be a common problem in Montreal.We then decided to try it out for breakfast, over Cafe Orange across the street. Disappointingly, breakfast was a HUGE letdown. From the get go, we had an extremely inattentive waitress. While a busboy drop us menus off right away, we had to wait over 10 minutes for the server to come over to greet us, on a quiet Friday morning with hardly more than 3 other tables in the restaurant. My boyfriend ordered their original benedict with the cheese on the side, and I opted for a traditional 2 eggs breakfast.When our plates finally arrived about a half hour later, my boyfriend's benedict had cheese inside AND on the side, and while he ate it all up, he made it clear that it wasn't anything to write home about.My 2 eggs breakfast came cold, with chilly scrambled eggs and potatoes that felt and tasted like they'd been sitting in a bin under a heat lamp all morning. I had ordered rye bread with my breakfast, and unfortunately the waitress didn't bring it over to our table until we were already done our meal, with the excuse that they had to send someone to the store to by the bread. Fair enough, but when I picked it up, it was COMPLETELY waterlogged and soggy.While the waitress was apologetic and nice enough, in general she was useless and we waited WAY too long in an empty restaurant for a disappointing and cold meal. We won't be returning for breakfast anytime soon, and unfortunately the prices are so out of control for their dinner menu (22$ for a salad?) that I doubt we'll be going back at all.Overall, disappointing.
