4	This location seemed really new!  The building and parking lot very new compared to it's surroundings, but everything was very clean and the staff super nice.  We did have an unusually long wait for our food, but when it was brought out, it was piping hot and fresh.Though Chick-fil-a tends to fall on the high end, pricewise when it comes to fast food, it still is a winning combination (in my opinion).  Not many businesses can shut down on Sundays and still survive.
4	I love this location however the drive through lane always seems to be eight cars deep so I run in to dine or grab some yummy, Chick Fil A goodness to go. As always, the staff is friendly, accommodating and throwing out My pleasures like there is no tomorrow. I found out the other day they offer whole wheat bun options which is fabulous and I think it's only $.20 extra. They also offer you fruit instead of fries with your combo which is also fabulous however their waffle fries are one of the reasons I heart the Chick Fil A so fries it shall be forever! If you go to the condiment bar, they have pre-wrapped good quality mints (which I may or may not take a handful or two when I go in there). They also have free wifi---always a plus! Show me a carnivore who doesn't like Chick Fil A and I will show you a crackhead.
4	I'm assuming the food is the same at the locations, and the food we had was the same quality as all the other Chick-Fil-A's we've been to.You get a number, and they bring your food to you.The first thing I noticed was the play area. It was really nice, but then we noticed a sign that only 3 and under could be in there, and we didn't get that. My kid is 5, and is still in that age to play, but whatever...I like this Chick-Fil-A because it wasn't crowded. And this is the main reason for my review. It wasn't like the other Chick-Fil-A's that are the mecca for stay at home moms which they turn into stay at home mom HELL.If you want to avoid that crowd (like the Mooresville location), and if it's possible, come to this one.
4	This is my go-to spot for "dates" with my 2 1/2 year-old son.  The staff is ALWAYS courteous and friendly and they go out of their way more often than not.  The last time the woman at the register gave my son a stuffed cow and then later a balloon - that made his day!!!They have great family-themed events (Pirate & Princess night, Mom's Morning Out, etc., Mommy & Son Date Night to name a few) and we really just love going there.   They bring your food to your table, which is great when you have your hands full with a little one!!  The bathrooms are always clean and the food is of course delicious!The only complaint I would have is that a lot of older kids seem to end up in the play area.  We went a few weeks ago and there were kids in there (unsupervised) that were at least 9 or 10 that were climbing up the slide, on top of the slide, running around and just being really rambunctious.  Granted, kids are kids and they were just having fun, but a little girl was coming down the slide when one of the boys was climbing up and she ran right into him.  We ended up leaving because my son started trying to copy the little boys and it was just getting a little too rough.  Not sure what the solution could be. Perhaps they could be a bit better about patrolling who goes in to play? This has only been the case a few times and has not deterred us from returning. Overall, the best Chick-Fil-A in our area!!
1	A rude owner and a litter bug marketing lady do not make for a good restaurant. Plus, they seem to be a little homophobic and they don't open on Sundays, because of some stupid reason. The food is not very good either. I can go to Trader Joe's or Costco and buy chicken breasts and make a better chicken sandwich than Chick-fil-A ever thought about making. Fried food is bad food.
5	great people and really clean!!!
5	Great Place. Great customer service. Great Food.
5	It's Chick Fil A, is a review necessary? I don't have any of these back home. I always make it a point to go when I'm in town. The staff is always friendly and efficient. My order is always correct, the food is always good.I ALWAYS bring home a bag of their chocolate chip cookies. I get in trouble if I come home without them.
5	Always good - customer service was spectacular. Not your typical fast food experience they actually come to your table to make sure you have everything you need/ordered and are satisfied. The food was delicious. Closed Sunday. I would recommend trying this if you never have been to chick-fil-a. Salads are fresh and the chicken is moist.
5	Love this location. Drive thru is always packed but it moves quicker than you would think. I usually run inside and feel like I make it out faster. Love the new grilled chicken!!!
3	Awesome chik fila.  Due to the fact at lunch time they have people outside taking orders on tablets which speeds up the line. Also, they havent fucked up my order ever which is weird in clt
