5	AAA contractor and all around good peeps. More later.So it's been a month, that should be later enough. So for my birthday this year we did a major roadtrip. SD to Big Bear. Snowboard and drink..not too much though because I need to be able to drive to Vegas. That's right...Big Bear to Vegas..all in a 3 day span. So on our way back to SD from Las Vegas, we decide to stop off at state line to gas up and try our luck at $1 craps and roulette. 2 hours later, cleaned out, we head to our truck....turn the key and.....nothing. shift the gears, try again...nothing. So I call AAA, luckily Larry's just became a mobile battery service provider. If he hadn't done that we would have had to wait for a service truck from Barstow!!!!In a little over an hour they show up, test the old battery, install a new battery and have us on our way.These guys are a life saver...and AAA too!
5	Awesome service. Reliable.
1	Never use them. GEICO called them to pick me up off of I-15. I was north of town. In a conferance call with Larry's and GEICO, they told us they had to drop one and would be heading out. 2 Hours later I called to Larry's and asked what was up. They said the drivers on a run and will be out in a hour to a hour and a half. So he took another tow and leave me and my wife on the side of the road in the desert?  I called GEICO back and they sent another comapny out and they got there fast! I would never use Larry's!
5	I had to get a jump today (both my Toyota 4Runner and a Camry, since I was gone for 8 days and left both of these vehicles in the garage only to come home to dead cars) and used the AAA app on my phone to do so.  After figuring out where I lived and all, taking down my info and AAA membership info, I found out that this company was a AAA contractor, and would be texting me with the ETA.  First of all, the ETA was exact (20 minutes).  He backed into the driveway and immediately started to jump my car, and in about 15 minutes, I was good to go.  He did the same thing, although this time, the car was parked in head/nose first, so he had to reposition his big tow truck and use the 30 ft. jumper cables.  Whomever invented those things is a friggin genius, cuz within 5 minutes, the other car was started too.  The only cost: AAA membership, one of my five free roadside assistance visits deducted, my signature, and my time.THANK YOU!  True lifesaver.  I thought that I was gonna be waiting for hours before the person got here.  Very reliable, unparalleled customer service, courteous/polite, and overall a great value.  Should I need another jump or even a tow, at least I'll know that with Larry's, I'm in good hands.
5	Called them to jump start a car with a dead battery. Arrived quicker than promised, knew exactly what to do, charged me exactly what the guy on the phone said they would. The guy who showed up, Hasan, was polite, professional, and efficient. Highly recommend Larry's.
