5	For the freshest, most authentic Thai cuisine - look no further than Siam Thai. Modestly located in a little strip mall on the northeast corner of Northern and 51st avenue, this little gem will not disappoint.First, the wait staff is some of warmest and friendliest, and strive to remember your preferences, from what you like to drink to your favourite table and spice level.Soony, the chef - a native of Thailand is extremely accommodating and will make every effort to visit your table even if he  and his staff are backed up in the kitchen.  His culinary skills were honed at The Four Seasons Resort. He is most appreciative of the patrons that support him, and and is very diligent to accommodate your preferences.From the appetizers (satay: my favourite) - the peanut sauce is made from scratch, to the nam sod salad and the entrees (the curries are brilliant), and the pad thai is not as  sweet as some American thai restaurant counterparts. The stir fry eggplant dish is wonderful as well. For dessert, you cannot go wrong with the mango and sticky rice. This restaurant is quite a ways for me to drive (50 miles round trip), but it is well worth it considering the exquisite food, the low key atmosphere, and delightful wait staff.
1	Warning!  Please don't go there, fresh maybe.  Service OK.  I don't think they know how to mix flavors good.  It was freakishly weird-tasting.
5	Great authentic Thai food.  So glad to have found this place!!!  This is the only Thai restaurant I'll choose to go to in the Phoenix area.I love their Phad Kee Mao.  Everything I've had has been 5 stars so far.  Their Thai Iced Tea is yummy too.
5	This place is a hidden treasure!It doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is very cute.I was in Thailand last summer and the food in here tastes just like the ones in Thailand.The most expensive food in the menu is 11.50$ and they have great selection for 7-8$I know I will be there soon again!
5	This is my most favorite spot for thai in the valley. Great service and very clean.
3	Again, I didn't feel like making the drive to Thai Hut, so I thought I'd give Siam Thai a whirl.Other than the exterior, first impressions were very good. The dining room is lovely and comfortable -- lots of carved wood on the walls and heavy, substantial furniture. We ordered some appetizers, and split an order of our favorite, pad kee mao.  The appetizers were of the fried variety, and not bad. Nice and hot, not too greasy. We ordered the pad kee mao medium hot, and boy was it hot! Not in a bad way though. I was glad to see lots of thai basil and plenty of fresh veggies. But the sauce was lacking that complexity, and combination of spicy, sweet, and herbal that I love.I did notice lots of people enjoying the soup. So perhaps that is their specialty. Maybe next time, when I don't feel like driving too far again.
5	Being a vegetarian, any Asian restaurant other than the Indian restaurants are always an adventure for me. And I loved this thrill ride. My room mate is Thai and he helped me order some of the BEST Thai food, I have ever had. He vouches for this place. Try the Thai tea and coffee. They are delicious.The fried noodles were divine... And if you like uber spicy food, like I do, try everything "Thai hot". If you don't sweat by the end of the meal, please comment back!!
5	Disclaimer and Qualifications:I'm a midwestern gringo, but I've been here 20+ years, so can take a little heat.  My wife is half Thai, and her Mom and Aunts used to sit around prepping, cooking REAL ACTUAL Thai food (and gossiping) all day long, so she knows the good stuff.  The first time we went, she loved it so much that the second time we went and got a TOGO order, we brought home over $75 worth of food for her, I, and a 12 yo girl.  This doesn't mean three $25 meals, either,  since each entree/appetizer ranges from a little under to a little over $10.  Yea, leftovers!Instructions:1.  Hire a group of thugs to tie you up, slip a sack over your mousse-head, toss you in the back of a cargo van, and dump your pretentious, elitist butt INSIDE the front doors of Siam.2.  Enjoy the tastiest, most authentically prepared and flavored Thai food you'll likely have this side of Bangok, served by friendly authentically prepared and flavored Thai folk, in a very clean and ornately decorated, authentically prepared and flavored environment.3. Go through moral, ethical, and spiritual crisis as you decide whether it is time to forgoe your judgemental, plastic-coated, dream world where everything is pristine and sanitized, so that you may indulge in the tastes of the real world, not the Real World tm.4. Decide that you simply cannot face the ugly Glendale strip mall you know is outside those doors; have thugs kidnap you back to East Valley and drop you off at Kierland Commons, so that you can wash away the filthy feeling with an overpriced gourmet coffee amongst the beautiful people.  Pretend you didn't just start down the dark path of heroin-like spicy Thai basil & peppers.  Pretend that you won't be slinking back to the other side of the tracks to cop another score sooner than you think.  Look around at all of the fronts -- on the stores, and especially the people -- they want you to believe that they are authentically prepared and flavored, but they aren't.
4	Ate here last night and was very impressed.  A lot of other reviews for this place are dead on.  First of all the place is right off of 51st ave the bright yellow sign is easily visible from Northern which was a plus because I thought it might be dug deep into a strip mall.  Its actually right on the corner of one.  At first glance from the outside this may seem like a place where you would immediately say no way and back out.  But don't.  The inside of this Thai place is very well decorated and the vibe is just positive.  It is very neat on the inside.  Carved wood tables,little Buddha statues,and just overall decorated in Thai.  It is very unique compared to others I have been too.If it wasn't for the service this would easily be a 5 star.  It is a mom and pop place which means that there is two servers who serve as waiter,busser,and hostess.   They go around the restaurant and serve the whole place not just certain areas.  It took us a while to place our order but once we did the food arrived fairly fast.The food was awesome.  Probably some of the best Thai in Arizona if not the best.  It is all served family style which works because the portions are so huge.  We had the lemon grass soup,the basil chicken,and the red curry.  The lemon grass soup was oh so tasty.  Little hints of lemon grass followed by a smooth broth with tons of mushrooms and chicken my mouth waters thinking about it.  The basil chick by far was the best dish.  The grill taste is indescribable.  The sauce had us almost licking the bowl it was so good.  The red curry was fantastic although not as spicy as I would have liked it but still good.  Overall very  good I was impressed.  41 bucks for 3 dishes 1 beer and 1 glass of wine not too bad.  This is a great date night place.  Warning:  Hot means hot here! and I mean Arizona hot!  We got our dishes hot and I was sweating.  Which I haven't done in a long time.  Enjoy!
4	MMM! Can you say delicious? You actually won't be saying anything because your mouth will be full of Pad Thai and the Coconut Milk Curry soup! This place was introduced to me by a friend who threw her anniversary party here and it was the best place for service!I absolutely love the Thai Tea and Thai Coffee they serve. It is a definite on the menu of items to try. I absolutely love the decor. Very ornate and very clean!
3	I bet this place should be a 4.  But staring, alone, at the dragon on the wall for a good half an hour plus before food arrived sort of tainted my out look.  I was tempted to start wandering around asking my fellow diners what they were eating, how did they like it and "could I have a sample?".  For sure, every thing looked really good.Then I got my food!  This wonderful pile of goodness.  I got stir fry silver noodle with chicken ($9.25) and a Thai ice tea ($2.00).  Not knowing, I was surprised by no sauce, either on the food or with it.  Just the seasoning.  The mound of food I got was huge and served on a family style platter with a covered bowl of steamed rice.  Manners to the side I just used the serving platter as my plate.  I managed to finish it all but it was more than I needed, or should have eaten.  I am thinking maybe a curry dish next time to try something different.My delay in getting fed was a run of circumstances.  I arrived a few minutes after one to avoid the lunch rush.  When I arrived there were six tables in use and only two of them had food.  The other four still had not ordered yet as evidenced by the menus being read.  That makes me fifth on the list for the one waitress/server/bus person.  And that is the order in which the orders were taken and the food served.  But food seemed to be coming out in fairly rapid fire order.  About 15 minutes after the folks just ahead of me got their entrees the waitress came over and said there had been a mess up in the kitchen and it would be a while yet, Ya Think?  As the restaurant was starting to clear my food arrived and I Hoovered (word from Donald S) it down and got back to work.  I was in there a full hour and eating for 20 minutes or less, hard to accommodate on a work schedule.The dining room itself is very cozy.  I found it hard to get into my seat as the tables are the style with the four legs at the corners, but I am not as limber as I used to be.  I will go back again just because I like the food.
5	I am sooo happy I found this place. I keep craving their Thai toast.  A savory "french toast" like appetizer.   Toast is spread with a thin layer of a savory salty pork spread then dipped in an egg batter and fried.  It is served with a cucumber salad with a sweet and sour vinegarette. So good.   I also tried their Duck and Pineapple Red Curry.  I am rather picky about my curries since I can make them at home.  When I tried this combination I was in love.  I was very happy with their service, prices and portion size.  I had plenty left over for lunch the next day.
5	I'm from San Diego and after moving here, I was searching for a decent Thai restaurant. I've tried more than 5 Thai restaurants in Arizona. My favorite is Siam! It's authentic and extremely good. It's comparable to San Diego Thai cuisine. However, I think Siam has the best Pad Thai I've ever tried! The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is very unique. My favorite restaurant in Arizona!!Favorite dishes,- Pad Thai- Pad See Ew- Spicy Basil Fried Rice- Fish Chu Chee (Spicy Curry with Fried Fish)
4	I had dinner at Siam last night with my usual food adventurer buddy. It was really good. We shared the Chu Chee fish curry and the silver noodle chicken stir fry. He had two singha beers and  I had the Thai tea(very sweet and creamy).My mouth LOVED both dishes but my tummy did not care for the curry spice level (im a wuss) so after a few bites I let him take over. I looooved the silver noodle stir. Portions were big and I had lunch for today. The service was nice and effecient. The waitress ordered the beef for me by mistake and the corrected dish was out in five minutes. The veggies were perfect tender crisp. the outside IS a little iffy looking but the inside is clean and perfectly nice. I will be returning.
5	I came with a group of 28 people for a coworker. We were all worried that we wouldn't see our food for an hour, but they amazed us, our food was coming out quickly and it was very good. I ordered the Shrimp Fried Rice and it was one of the best that I have had and the shrimp were rather large. They have unseated our defacto Thai restaurant and will now become of our our regular spots.
4	I've driven past this place countless times and have never been tempted to try it out. It just seemed so sketchy, tucked away in that nondescript little strip mall. But...my mom had a coupon. I just can't deny her the joy she gets from using her coupons. So, we gave it a try. From the outside, we were still unsure that the lure of the coupon would be enough, but we ventured in anyway. Inside we were surprised to find a nice, quiet little dining space. Aside from a family party that appeared to be finishing up their meal, we were the only people there, so we were seated and served very quickly. By the time we placed our order, we were a little relieved to see that other patrons were slowly filling up the dining room. There was only one waitress, but she still came by to check on us a few times, even after it got busy. The menu looked great; there were so many choices! We ended up ordering the Ginger Chicken and the Spicy Green Beans with beef. Both dishes were fantastic. I just loved how they took a simple combo of meat and veggies and transformed it with an explosion of spices. I'm a big fan of spicy foods, but I hate it when restaurants just turn up the heat while ignoring the flavor of the dish. The spicy green beans were a perfect blend. The portions were huge; mom and I each took home some leftovers that were enough for lunch the next day. I can't wait to come back and try something new!
4	Location: 51st ave & Northern (Northeast corner)I don't really get the "shady vibe" some got from this location. Inside, the decor is exotic, welcoming and...unexpected. Being in a strip mall, I didn't expect such attention to detail. The Food: Fantastic. But oddly, whenever we eat AT the restaurant, the food is rave-ingly good. It seems when we take it to go, we've gotten dry, unimpressive meals a few times. Not sure what that's about.I love that they use the broccoli stalks rather than the heads. Definitely cuts the gas factor down for me.My favorite meals:* Crispy Fried Fish ($11.95) - Non-fishy tasting catfish in an awesome coconut curry sauce...mmmm...Ironically, the fish is NOT crispy but who cares?* Just tried the Pad-See-Yew Noodles last night ($8.95) and I looooooooooooooooooooved it. The noodles were buttery tasting and the fried tofu (you can choose from tofu, beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, scallops, squid, or seafood combo) was a great firmish consistency.* Thai Egg rolls ($2.50 for 2) - Yummy but they contain chicken and now that I'm vegetarian, can't have 'em.* Fried Rice is yummy and fresh... Comes with cucumbers and tomatoes which is kind of weird but refreshing.There's always plenty leftover for another tasty meal manana. The customer service is cordial and friendly.The Bad:1) Closed Mondays (weird day to close)2) No website (in this day and age, there is no excuse for this. No one says you have to get all fancy and post the menu and stuff but even if you just put up 1 cheap page with your name, logo, address and directions...)3) A few issues with takeout quality4) The mounted flat screen kind of kills the ambiance.
5	Made the journey again to enjoy what still has to be my favorite Thai food in the valley. [I look forward to someone providing a suggestion to prove me wrong.] It had been more than 6 months since my last visit and I still daydreamed of their Thai Toast appetizer. I pretty much made that my dinner and ordered the duck and pineapple curry (again) and with the exception of a few spoons worth I took it home to enjoy later. And enjoy it I did. It's out of the way for many (since I moved downtown it is more of a journey), and located in a "shady" old strip mall. Don't let any of that deter you from trying it out. Many of my fellow yelpers know the "beauty" of a place is not always a good judge of character for the great food you can get.
4	I was first here a couple of weeks ago on a rec from a co worker who is from Thailand that this was as good as it gets in AZ, and boy was he right.  I always try the green chicken curry hot to judge a Thai place as the baseline (kind of like at a BBQ place you need to get the pulled pork and brisket to really judge the food), and it was excellent, with a good balance of flavor, very good consistency of the sauce and very tender, yet still al dente veggies and chicken (including some excellent baby eggplant).  Everyone else that i was there with got the pad thai for lunch, and they were all very happy.  The only reason that it is not five stars is the location, as it definitely not the best, but the decor inside was very nicely appointed and was a total shock compared to the exterior.
3	The place was cute (I can't comment on authenticity, because I'm as white as they come) and the strip mall was a typical strip mall, not intimidating whatsoever. The food was satisfactory. My friend and I had crispy tofu to start, I had the Hot and Spicy noodles with tofu and my friend had the Ginger Tofu. We were both incredibly happy with the way the tofu was cooked - it was ACTUALLY crispy - but just thought the sauces and veggies were "meh."I would be willing to try here again for one of their curries. I'm not sure when I will make it back to Siam Thai; the distance is a little to far to drive for a mediocre meal.
3	This place is good. I won't say great, but it's quite good. I wish they had vegetarian spring rolls. The only veg appetizer is the fried tofu, but when every entree you're ordering already has tofu in it, you don't really need tofu as an appetizer on top of it. I've been here about 3 times. It's good Thai food and worth a trip, but nothing sensational. Staff is great. The atmosphere could use a kick -- it's very dark and outdated looking on the inside, plus it's in a very nondescript strip mall. The staff is attentive though and very pleasant, and I would recommend this place if you were in the neighborhood, but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
3	Located in an dilapidated strip mall in an oppresive part of Glendale you wouldn't expect much from a restaurant in the area.  Like I said the outside isn't much to look at, the building looks like it should make friends with a wrecking ball, but the inside is very inviting with nice decor and soothing music to forget about it all.  The food is a little better than average, but wouldn't say it is great in my opinion.  There are many other Thai restaurants that I have been to that fair better.  The portions come slightly less than expected for what you pay.  Service is relatively slow and don't expect your drink to be refilled right away to clear that spice out of your throat.  A server taking all the tables without any help can be a recipe for disaster.Overall I'd say if in the area check the place out.  I'll be back, but it won't be in my normal rotation of restaurants.
4	I just found this place about 2 weekds ago and I have been here twice already. It is about a 40 minutes drive for me but well worth it. The strip mall it is in is very ghetto. Food here is a little on the hot side so be warned.... Medium is more like HOT. I love the appetizer platter that has a little bit of everything. The fried tofu is sooo yummy.  I can order that for my dinner and be satisfied. The Thai Spicy fried rice is really flavorfull. I like their fried catfish with some red sauce... Very good as well.The next time I go I am getting green curry with beef...
3	3/14/10Liked the ambience!   Beautiful wooden screens lined the walls; Clothed glass tables and wooden chairs.  Nice to find a place that serves tasty food and, at the same time, invests in creating a lovely space to round out the whole dining-out experience!Had very tasty eggrolls to start, and they were some of the best I've ever had anywhere.  That is, besides my Mom's lumpia!  I believe Siam Thai's eggroll filling contain ground chicken, as well as eggs.  For my entree, I had the tofu green curry (as I use this dish to compare a new place to all of the other Thai restos I've tried thus far), and while I liked it, I found the dish too spicy (ordered medium spice) and found veggies there I had asked specifically to omit due to food allergies.  I normally send items back if they don't arrive the way I ordered, but I was hungry and I thought I'd just grin and bear through the allergy attacks as long as the dish was worthy of them.  (It's not.)  Mind you, it's tasty and spicy, but the cream sauce looked "broken" (I like mine silky-smooth and creamy!), and coupled with the veggies I didn't want, let's just say I'll speak up more the next time I go!For dessert, I had the fried bananas and coconut ice cream, and oh my!  I've wanted to go back just to have this again, but alas, all my bookmarks have kept me from going back to do so :(  Soon.  So very soon...
5	Siam is hands down the best Thai food in the Valley. Not only is the food great but it is one of the most inexpensive places to eat. With under 50$ I have fed 3 people with Soup, a main dish, desert and Thai Iced Tea Yummy !!  I moved to Scottsdale and this is the thing I miss the most about the West side, they don't have places like this in my area :( . It is very authentic, I love that they did not change the food to appease the American palate. My very favorite is the Masumum Curry with Beef the beef is so tender it melts in your mouth. With the Coconut Soup as a starter you really can't go wrong. This place is really a must try especially if you love Thai.
5	More proof that you can't judge a book by its cover or a restaurant by its strip mall.  This establishment could easily do a booming business in Scottsdale or Paradise Valley, but thank goodness they're here in Glendale and close to my house.Tonight we had our usual coconut & chicken soup, served in the flaming hot pot.  It's a flavorful concoction brimming with chicken, mushrooms, fresh basil and herbs in a delicious lemony coconut broth.  The hubby had the stir-fried broccoli and beef, and I had the Shrimp and Pineapple curry.  I have to say that my curry dish was the absolute best Thai food I've had here in the Valley, thanks to the huge shrimp, big chunks of pineapple and fresh basil.  For desert we had the sticky rice and custard, served piping hot--delicious!Although it was Sunday night, the place was almost packed with a steady stream of customers.  The waitstaff are all very courteous and patient, and they are quick to help decipher items on the menu that are unfamiliar to the diners.  There were a lot of people there who were obviously regulars judging from the banter between them and the waitstaff.The restaurant is on the small side, with a total occupancy of 70. Just the perfect size make it accessible with a neighborhood feel.  We love the place and highly recommend it!
5	I have since gone back 3 times for the green curry.  I'm pretty sure it's laced with cocaine to keep me coming back for more.  The spice is perfect (if you love the burn) and the staff is more than friendly.  From the outside you wouldn't think to even walk in as it's pretty close to the ghetto, but upon stepping in, you will be saying, you are not in Kansas anymore.It's a very pretty restaurant on the inside.  The wooden screens on the wall are gorgeous and the tables are wood with runners down the center to create a very peaceful and relaxing atmosphere.  Siam Thai has become my favorite Thai restaurant hands down.  I cannot wait to take my friends and family here!
4	FYI there is no lunch menu so be prepared to order an entree during the day.  Figure $12 w/ tip for lunch, but you'll enjoy the leftovers later!Yelp'd around and saw iain's positive review, so here I came.  Thai egg rolls are just like the Chinese veg ones except this also had ground chicken, served w/ sweet and sour sauce... nothing special.  But the pad thai was great (less sweet and saucy compared to Swaddee's for ref) and also the fresh bean sprouts were on the side to be mixed in (kudos, we all should say NO to limp overcooked shoots!)I'll be hauling people here for dinner when in the West Valley, or even if it's myself at lunch.
4	Great food and service!! The prices are a tad high but i can live with it!
5	I seriously love this place. I don't even know how other thai places in glendale stay in business, the food here beats the competition by far. My favorite dishes are the Green Curry (with beef, chicken, or tofu) and the Pad Thai is amazing, its not overly sweet or saucey like many of the other places out there.They use alot of thai basil and fresh herds which is amazing, the flavors are really well blended with the perfect amount of spice. I always get the medium spice and its always been perfect. its not just some chili flakes that they put in for spiciness, its actually chilies and other spices that blend with the meal.The eggplant dish is also very good, but hands down the green curry is my favorite.Always fresh veggies and never frozen. The location is a little scary, but one you taste the food its well worth it. Its actually really nice inside, the outside doesnt look inviting but like it said, it is well worth it!Decent Prices as well, maybe a tad bit pricer like a dollar or two but its well worth it.
5	I have been to this place probably a dozen times since my last review... I went tonight with a friend after taking her her the first time she has begun to crave it. Had the rad nad noodles (beef) and the garlic sauce (chicken) the chicken satay as a started and we followed with the sticky black rice and custard for desert. She had plum wine as well... Everything was excellent and we have lunch for tomorrow. This is my favorite place now.I have taken probably 5 different friends here and everyone loves it including a self proclaimed thai food expert! YUM
5	The tom yum soup (w/tofu) in the fire bowl was out of this world!! I had never had tom yum served like this. Give me this and a side of rice (I like to throw rice in there for more substance and to decrease the surface area of my tongue affected by the spicy soup) and I can die spicy happy in love. XOXOX TOM YUM!
5	Best Thai food I've had!!I LOVE Thai food, and I consider myself lucky to live so close to Siam Thai Cuisine.  Sure, the east valley is littered with great Thai food places, but the best one I've tried is right here in Glendale.  I'm a total white guy, so I can't tell you if it's the most authentic Thai experience out there, but can tell you it's delicious!I've tried a lot of things on their menu, and have yet to be disappointed.  Their soups are fantastic.  For appetizers, the Satay chicken comes with a refreshing zesty pepper garnish, and the jerky kabobs (can't remember the name) are incredible.  The curries are excellent and varied as well, from the stew-like Masaman curry to the spicy Red curry.  You may be tempted to try the Pad Thai, as it's generally a good "benchmark" for Thai restaurants in general and is a common first-timer entree if you've never had Thai food...  It's different than other places (don't know which is more or less "authentic") and while it's still good, it's not something I crave.As other reviewers have noted, the decor is MUCH more elegant than it's exterior would suggest. It's a total diamond in the rough and a great place for a dinner date.  Their pricing is lower than most other Thai places, especially for one of this caliber.  The quality and presentation of the food is top notch.
5	Finally a place with good papaya salad AND they serve it with wings AND you can get it Thai or Lao style! What?!! They don't serve it with sticky rice, which is a bit of a bummer, but who cares? It was delicious.There was only one waitress and a pretty busy night, but she was holding her own and very sweet, so that was good.My friends ordered Pad Woon Sen and Pad Thai which they thought were really good too. We were happily stuffed campers all around. One of my friends was preggers (aka hard to please), so you know they threw down on her Pad Thai or we would've had some hormonal issues all up in that place. ;)Definitely on top of my list for Thai food in the Phoenix area! YUM!
5	The only Thai food I've found in the valley worth eating.  Scottsdale Thai is good but I'm not spending $10 + on a dish.  I only do take-out but the hand-carved panels and atmosphere are really nice, lovely staff -- the place to go for Thai food in Phoenix. As good as the best in San Fran, Portland & Seattle.
4	This is my go to Thai place in the entire valley.  I always order drunken noodles, spice level 4, and orange curry.  Both are delicious every time.  Last time I went, I also got a Thai tea, and she didn't even charge me for it.  BONUS!
2	We ate at Siam Thai tonight around 5:50.  We were seated within a couple minutes and then we waited.  There were about eight other people total eating at this time.  It took over five minutes for the waitress to come and take our order and we had not received any water or attention.  We ordered the egg rolls and the pad thai with chicken.  The rolls were good but it was $2.50 for two...The pad thai was quite disappointing.  The portion was very small and most of it was a stack of sprouts.  We waited for over ten minutes to even ask for our check.  We left frustrated, hungry and swearing to never return.  Thai Rama remains the best Thai place we have visited in the valley.
4	Ordered coconut soup, chicken satay, pad-see-ew beef, red curry, sticky rice and a few other items. Service was prompt and friendly, but as Thai food goes, this would be considered very average anywhere else (i.e California or Hawaii for example). If you;'re in AZ this is a good find, but if you are traveling and used to good Thai food, skip it.
5	The strip mall that this place is located is a bit empty and quiet. Could appear sketchy from the outside. But don't be fooled. This place has a nice interior, very small holds maybe 50-70 people if that. The food - WOW.... The menu is quite extensive. We started with the Satay Pork that comes with a tasty peanut sauce. They offer chicken, pork and shrimp satay.. Very tender, large portions and there was 5-6 skewers. I ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai noodles. Came with 6-7 large grilled shrimp, the noodles were sweet and spicy. They do offer no spice, mild, medium, hot and Thai hot. I went with the hot and had thai spice on the side. The hot is very subtle and builds as you continue to eat. My boyfriend had the Duck Siam with rice. Not spicy as he cannot eat hot and spicy food. The duck was cooked with an oriental blend of veggies. Very tasty, especially the pieces with skin. Very little gristle, a few bones but nothing major. The portions at this place are huge. I would 100% recommend if you like Thai. This is the first place in the Phoenix Metro area that I have had such good Thai food.
3	Service 5Food 3Cleanliness 5Atmosphere 4Value 3Pros:Friendly StaffComfortable settingFresh IngredientsCons:PriceyFood of Asia has been the flavor of the month. I can't seem to get enough of it.... Literally no matter how much I eat I can't seem to get full. Which is exactly why this is not only tasty but in my favor for my current fitness goals. The right dishes let me pack in the good calories on cheat meals but limitthe nasties.I was ready for some more Thai food but the foodie in me had an itch to try a new place. Stray from the usual's and take a risk? We know Sala and E-San are tasty but sure why not. Food blog and yelp time! Landed here and after drooling over the menu had a mild obsession that had to be taken care of. Called up the usually eating crew and headed out.From reading the other reviews I was already prepared to walk in the door and go unnoticed for a long period of time before I was seated. Seems someone listens because their door is now equipped with a pleasant chime that let the very busy, nice ladies, know my face was there and needed to be fed. Seems this is no longer a problem.Very cool place in a very less then cool looking strip mall. My favorite kind of find! The whole place was done in Asian influenced stained wood panels. The obligatory Thai restaurant oversize tables/chairs were also in full effect.The ladies took great care of us. As usual they got a laugh out of the big white guy order enough food for 10 people at a table of 3. All gone when we got up to leave, that's right! I know there are hungry people somewhere and no one will give me an address to overnight my leftovers.I would like to give this place more then a 3 but something was flat in the food. I couldn't exactly put my finger on it but it bugged me the whole meal. Maybe it was missing some of the sweet my americanized palate had become accustomed to? I don't think that was it but something was missing from all but one of the dishes.Duck Pineapple Curry:House specialty and I can see why. This was the best dish on the table. Something about the coconut and scalding pineapple chunks made for a great combo. Maybe the sweetness from the pineapple in this added what seemed like it was missing in other dishes. The duck was fatty but obviously rendered properly as it wasn't a vat of grease. Duck is often ruined in stews but someone knew what they were doing. Taste, smell, and texturally a happy place.Panang Curry:My standby anywhere I go. One bite and although it was decent something was definitely missing. Not all curries are sweet(ie: massaman). I enjoy those as well but this one should have some sweet. It didn't and something else was off. First thought was skimping on the coconut. Disappointed face :/Drunken Noodle:Fire! which I loved, but we had some gringos at the table so we specifically ordered it at a 3. If this is a 3 of 5 with a further option of thai hot I cannot fathom what Thai hot is. Whoa.. Now these were decent but someone got WAY carried away with the oil. That coats the mouth and dead goes the taste buds. So by bite 5 all I could taste was burning.Tom Kha Gai:A very good version but not my favorite in the valley. Sala and Siam both beat this one according to my taste buds. Nothing unique or different worth nothing. Hit the craving.. no more.. no less.Thai Toast:Oh freaking greasy awesome.. I love this stuff no matter how much I know its killing me. From the other reviews I was prepared to have to order a side of peanut sauce and pay for it. Volume wise you get your moneys worth. This was like no other that I had tasted. Much more of a goopey peanut texture and not a lot of flavors going on. Was kind of bland. What I like to call not worthy calories. What the heck was I even eating? I'm not sure. A few people said it was great so maybe an off night? or a crap we are out, open a can of xyz brand. Bleck.Fried Banana/Coconut Ice Cream:Delicious as it is at all the places. Happy mini sugar coma :D I love coconut ANYTHING!All this being said with all the other great Thai choices in the valley I will unlikely find myself back here. But it was a great little fling.. don't tell the others!
4	Stopped my Siam Thai this evening for the first time.  Driven by their location many, many times but never thought to stop in.  As many others have noted, not the greatest looking place in the world from the outside.  But, thanks to Yelp, we decided to take a shot at it. Almost immediately, I knew we'd probably made a good decision.  The service was friendly and attentive but not irritatingly attentive.  I ordered the spicy noodle with basil (hot) and my wife had the red curry (medium) - both with tofu.  I'm a vegetarian and she isn't, but there's something magical about tofu at Thai restaurants, so we ordered two tofu dishes.  I ordered the Thai Iced Tea, which came almost immediately with two waters.  We had barely started to discuss our day when the entrees arrived.  I was floored.  In fact, when I saw the waitress coming out of the corner of my eye, I was convinced she'd made a mistake and brought us someone else's order.  Nope.  The drunken noodles were very good, maybe not exactly 'hot' but probably hot to the typical American palate.  Still, it was satisfying. The curry, on the other hand, was so good that after one piece of tofu I knew I'd have to stop myself from trying to trade entrees.  I eat a fair amount of Thai curry, and it was perfect.  I couldn't think of how it could be improved.  Spicy enough for me, not too spicy for her.  Creamy but not overwhelmingly heavy.  Came with a very large bowl of rice as well.We'd both read about the coconut ice cream and wanted to give that a try, but we were too full.  We both found the waitress to be charming.  We will most definitely be back.  Gotta try the soup next time.  I can't give it 5 stars until I try the soup, so for now, it is a 4 star review.
4	This place is a hidden gem in the city of Glendale. It's in a grungy strip mall that most people would not stop or give a second look at. But, once you step in, the restaurant gives off a nice ambiance. The food is delicious. We got the Pad Thai and the Green Curry, which was more than  enough to feed 3 people for lunch. They dishes are approximately $10 to $15 each. They even have a brown rice option for the more health conscious. Our mango sticky rice at the end was a little lacking though. The amount was rather economical compared to its price. For entrees, this place is solid and authentic, but I would probably go elsewhere for dessert. We ate at rather an odd hour so the service was okay. Not spectacular but not lacking either.
5	OMG! The yellow chicken curry is fantastic. I moved here from Los Angeles in February and have searched around for the right place to buy awesome Thai food and I am so glad I found it on the first shot. The food here reminds me of the great tastes you can find in California.
5	Our favorite Thai in the Valley! The spicy basil, cashew nut, spicy noodle, and the soups are all divine! Spicy scale 1-5 we would usually go with a 4 or 5....but at Siam we go 2-3, we've gone 5 before and could barely finish and even 4 really pushes it. Regardless this place is legit!!
4	OK, I have stopped by twice since the first review.  The service is still super friendly and welcoming.  The last time I came in, there was a large party seated near us that seemed to know next nothing about Thai food.  The staff was very patient with them.  Finally had the soup the last time I went.  At this point, I'm beginning to suspect that there is no such thing as bad lemon grass soup, because it really hit the spot.  So savory.Went with my daughter, she gives it a thumbs up. We started with the fried tofu, which we both enjoyed.  They served up an impressive quantity of tofu. She ordered the Chow Mein Style Noodles with tofu, not something I would have ordered (why order a Chinese style dish here?), but it was pretty good. I ordered the Hot & Spicy Fried Rice With basil (and tofu).  Kinda wish I hadn't been with my daughter, because I got it mild.  Still tasty and fresh, but next time I'll order it hot.  We finished with the Coconut Ice Cream with Sticky Rice (or, as I have seen it named elsewhere, Snow Ball With Purple Rain).  This is a fantastic dessert.  If you've never had sticky rice, you have to try this.  The cold ice cream with the warm rice is spectacular.  OK, I had a late dinner at home tonight, but just typing out this review is making my mouth water.  Recommended.
5	In Phoenix for a concert and felt like Thai. Found this place on Yelp! and decided to check it out based on the reviews and the fact that it was near the friend we were visiting at the time. The restaurant is in a strip shopping center that we never would have noticed (or found) had we not been looking for it. Oh, but what a magical dining experience! The cashew chicken was the best I'd ever had (and we eat Thai a LOT!) and the chicken satay was exceptional. Loved the veggie Pad Thai and my husband got a vegetarian (tofu) curry dish he loved. Wish this place wasn't 400 miles from my house. I'd be eating here every week!
5	Siam is a nice little place. Friendly staff. I like the decor. The stripmall that it's in isn't that bad. Will definitely be back.
2	I was kind of doubtful when I walk into the restaurant seeing how nicely the table is set up with the folded napkin. "uh-oh, i hope the food is not Americanized" Was disappointed  with the food. We order fish cake, which is kind of salty to me. The papaya salad was not I had expected it to be. It was thickly cut compared to other papaya salad that I have had before. The taste was just sour, nothing special. Other entree we order include steak beef and the tom yum hot pot. Tom yum soup was good for me, with mushrooms and seafood and the broth is not as spicy. I did not like the steak beef, they simply just stir fry it with bell pepper. Have to agree with Tram below, their price is not bad. Dinner feeding 5 people all under $60.
5	We tried this place randomly and had a great experience. The shrimp tom yum soup was delish as well as the spicy basil noodles with chicken and the best part was the sticky rice with custard for dessert! Good ambiance and service was good too. Will be eating there again soon!
4	As I thought, this place is really a 4.  I have been back a few times now and have discovered if I get there by 11:15 my food comes out pretty quick and I can take my time eating.  They still only have one waitress at lunch but I have never seen more than 1/3 of the tables occupied at one time going early so it works fine.
5	Best thai food i've had, and has great service!
4	I only stopped based on review as would have never found it otherwise. Great Choice as the food and service was great. The server took her time to explain each dish and the food was very good and we will be back. I am now a big fan of Yellow Curry, thanks!
4	Siam has some of the best Thai food that I've had.  Their angel wings are killer.
5	Best Thai food in the Phoenix area!  Thom-Kah-Gai soup is awesome!  I also like the chicken saute and pineapple fried rice.  Word to the wise:  Medium is like Hot... Cuidado!  I've done both Dine in and take out and it is always bomb.
5	The Yelpers were right again!!  Best Thai food I've had!  Had to get the Pad Thai, just to compare...one of the best (although my hubby thought it had a strange smell, he did enjoy the flavor...). I went with
5	Been working near here in Peoria and found this place thanks to Yelp.  The first time I came I ordered the Coconut soup Tom Kha with  veggies and tofu Thai spicy and it came out in one of those Thai metal servers with a  burner below.  Wow this stuff was so good and tasty, I could barely finish it because it was a lot of food for one, but I loved it.  I could really taste the fresh ingredients in the dish, and it was nice and spicy the way I like it.  Since then I've gotten this dish many times and love it every time. I just went again last week and thought I better broaden my horizons so I got the Panang curry and asked to have it with veggies with tofu because I gather they don't normally serve this with veggies.  Anyway they did a great job of making it the way I wanted and it was very good.  The sauce looked a little different (more brown) than what I'm used to from Panang but it tasted really good, and again they spice it appropriately for what I wanted.  It came with rice and I also asked for their tray of spices which I recommend to compliment your dish. I thought the quantity was very large and I actually had leftovers but because of travel I had could not take anything to go.  As others have said they don't have lunch specials but the prices are within reason considering the quality and quantity of food.  Also the people who own the place are very friendly and I was once able to talk with one of them about their restaurant and I was impressed how much they put into getting quality ingredients which I think is the big problem with most Thai restaurants.  Overall I'm envious that I can't get this kind quality in Cali where I live but will keep coming back when I'm in the area.
5	I love this place! Gang ga ree is yumma dumm dumm!
5	This is the most authentic Thai you'll find in Arizona! Simple, powerful flavors and genuine service. I love it here. It's the closest thing to going to Thailand. Recommended to me by a friend from Chiangmai, I take all my friends who would appreciate good Thai food here.  and you have to have a coconut sticky rice dessert .. whether its with custard or mango, its so so so good.dont tell any one else to come to this little secret place though.
5	I think this is the best thai in this area for sure. Their dinner dishes has really good taste and they make it look artistic and I like that !
5	I am so happy to have found a good Thai food place here in the valley! I have only been there twice but every dish I've tasted was fantastic. I especially love the spicy basil noodles.
4	The restaurant is very nice on the inside compared to the outside. I nice place for a date.I ordered the tom kah gai and it was very flavorful, not quite as rich with coconut milk as at Thai Rama, but still very good. I ordered medium and this is probably closer to hot. As I ate, I noticed these things I thought were green onion, on further examination, they were small sliced chili peppers. Their rice was nit as fluffy as I usually like, but that's ok. I also got the red curry because the server said it was their most popular curry. Again, very flavorful and tasty. Service was very good, although, they weren't busy at all. Iced tea, was good. I would go again!
4	Was hestate at first because of its location in a strip mall, but was pleasantly surprised with the everything about the place!!!  Food was excelllent, service was terrific, and restaurant was clean. Some of the best Thai food I have ever had!
4	My favorite Thai place to eat in the Glendale/Phoenix area so far.  This restaurant may not be located in the better part of town nor does it look like much from the outside, but do not judge a book by its cover.  Inside decorations are nice and service is consistent.  You will be served with cloth napkins, real silverware and white dishes.  I think their food is very tasty with a full assortment of flavors.  Siam Angel Wings, Pad Thai, duck curry, papaya salad and pineapple fried rice are must tries! 4.5-5 stars for their food!
4	I ate at Siam in Telluride and am just seeing these reviews and learning that there is one here in the valley. My favorite spot to eat that trip so now I need to check this place out for myself. Drunken noodle rules!!!
4	I have been here twice now for lunch.  This is definitely my go to place for Thai in Phoenix now.It has the best pad Thai I have had anywhere.  There is only one waitress for lunch, but she always keeps up.  Excellent service, clean nice atmosphere (inside-little unassuming strip mall outside), great food, decent prices.
5	Green Curry and Pad Thai.  Never come for anything else, because these two dishes here are just absolutely amazing.  I had octopus as an appetizer and it was cooked really well (though I am not a huge fan of this kind of seafood). You will enjoy it!  I promise.
4	Excellent flavor and quality of food. Very nice inside even though in a mall strip. Best Thai food in Glendale/Phoenix.
4	Thai is one of my favorite cuisines - it has a unique and delicate balance of spice with flavor. Siam Thai just nails it with its signature Pad Thai. It's one of the best Pad Thais I've ever had. I'd also recommend  the Iced Thai Tea, as it's is a great accompaniment to the meal. The Panang Curry is also good, though, not the best.The restaurant isn't exactly in the most "happening" places of Glendale, but the decor is tastefully done - distinctive elephant shaped chairs, for example, complete with Thai music. The service was good and prompt., and can be even better if they have more waiters. In summary, if you like Thai, you'll love Siam Thai!
4	I thought the food was good. I am from Seattle and the Thai there is amazing so I guess my expectations are high but I would go back. I would recommend ordering pad thai one star hotter than you think you can handle as it is not as spicy as one might think. I ordered green curry with tofu at 3 stars and it was as hot as my hubby's pad thai at 4 stars. Overall the outside is sketchy and yes you are in the hood, but it is worth checking out if you can handle the sketchy mystique.
5	Hands down the best Thai food in phoenix. Hubby says it's the best Thai food he's had since coming back from Thailand. Amazing service, quality food, and good prices. We go here a MINIMUM of once a month, usually twice- and we only go out to eat on saturdays.The Pad Thai is to die for, and their fried bananas and coconut icecream is amazing.
4	Coming from New York city I had given up ever finding authentic thai food again.  That was until I came across Siam Thai Cusine.  It is definitely the most authentic thai food that I have found anywhere in Arizona.  Love love love it!  It's like going to Thailand kind of good.  You won't be disappointed if you appreciate good thai food.
5	Our 2nd time back at Siam Thai. I LOVE THAI and I LOVE SPICY even more. I usually cannot pull myself away from the pad Thai shrimp. But this time, I tried a curry entree and wow was it tasty. We started with the Siamese Plate - chicken satay, egg rolls, fried wonton, Thai toast and fish cakes. All were quite tasty and were served with sweet and sour and peanut sauce. For lunch I ordered Beef Ma-Sa-Man Curry- It was very tender beef (almost like pot roast) simmered in red curry, coconut milk, potato's, peanuts, onion. Ry has the Duck with Pineapple Curry - red curry with bell pepper, onion, basil and Thai herbs. Both were served with white rice. They were very hearty portions and I even had left overs. Our server took the time to explain the different Curry's to us as well. I love this place!!
1	My husband and I live nearby so we decided to give it a try even though we think the best Thai in the valley is in downtown Phoenix at the wild Thaiger where we eat weekly. We ordered a curry dish, a noodle dish and the Tom ka soup. All had a flavor that neither of us cared for..very bitter and rancid tasting. The beef in the curry had lots of fatty gristle on it and the Tom ka was severely lacking in coconut milk. I only had a bite of everything and then opted for a Wendy's hamburger..That's  how unimpressed I was. This place may be close to home, but you can bet I won't be returning. Steer clear of this one!!
4	Nice food.. the ambiance is also nice...I really enjoyed the Green,Yellow and Red curry...Been a regular visitor over here
5	8/7/2012 ~ A must try! Theeee best Thai food in the valley! Been there I think more than thirty years!Appetizer - Chicken Satay- Thai chicken on skewer with fresh made peanut sauce and cucumber salad... Absolutely delish!Entree - Green Curry with seafood.... Wow.. Where should I begin? The creamy curry sauce with fresh veggies, scallops, mussels, shrimp and squid were tender and fresh. Its as good as everyone says! There's a particular flavor in the green curry that I couldn't figure out.. Our lovely waitress asked the chef what it was and its called coffer lime leaf.. Omg it smells soooo good.Next entree - Sweet and Spicy Basil with chicken.. A basil lovers must have! Not too over powering and if you like it a little spicy then order it medium!Try the Chang beer to wash it down then some coconut ice cream for dessert. If you want traditional freshThai food that won't disappoint then try Siams!
2	The waitress did a bad job/took a long time with refilling my water and coming back to take our order. My wife's order of green curry was very good. My beef salad however, was horrible and tasted like I imagine cats shit would taste like. Between the bad waitress and horrible entree, 2 stars is all I can give this place.
5	So tasty, great decor, and service is excellent! You have to try the garlic chicken and basil noodles or panang curry! If you can save room for desert, order the fried banana. It melts in your mouth and is served with coconut ice cream. I go to this place every couple of weeks and try to take new friends. It's so delicious and great service!
5	First experience with thai food and it was an amazing one. At first sight of the restaurant (outside) I had not been impressed, once inside that changed. We were greeted and seated immediately.  We were not rushed to order, and the waitress had a great deal of patience with me as I questioned her about everything. The food was delicious, but must say the thai iced tea was my favorite thing that night. Extremely fair prices and large portions.
5	Wonderful!  Had to have them box up the leftover for fear I'd just keep eating.  The flavors just hit!!  Very comforting!  Will be a regular here. and when company comes.
5	Very nice service and excellent food.I had lunch with my friend. We ordered spicy noddle and spicy cury. All excellent. Young lady servicing was so friendly and helping to menu. Definitely com back again.
5	My dad and I went here for dinner after he helped me move as we were both craving Thai food. I yelped places in the area and this one caught my eye, it definitely didn't disappoint! We must have gotten there at just the right time because shortly after we were seating the place completely filled up! The food was delicious, the portions were huge! We had soup, pad Thai and an eggplant dish. I also ordered jasmine tea and it was so good. I highly recommend this place!
4	As always, I was chilling in the desert in my B-boy stance and the office decided on Thai food for today. I was with it and gave Siam a chance since I hadn't really had real Thai restaurant food and what my Thai coworker brought in to the office really doesn't count. SIAM ROCKS IT. The service was great and the chicken Pad Thai was delish. I'm definitely going back to try some of the other dishes available. Haven't had good Thai food since moving from NYC but yeah, I'll be back. Sawadee.
5	My aunt introduced me to this this restaurant and I have been coming here since! My favorite dish is the Pineapple Fried Rice and the Seafood Hot Pot Combo. The Pad Thai, Chow Mein, and egg rolls are pretty good too. As for desserts, when mangos are in season, their sticky rice with mangoes are sooo delicious! The fried banana & coconut ice cream is also tasty as well. All the entrees in my opinion are pretty nice and large sharable portions. Never have I ate one whole dish by myself; I've always shared with 1 to 3 other people and its always plenty enough food for us. Siam is definitely my favorite Thai place to eat! It just makes me sad how empty this place always is... Check this place out! You won't be disappointed!
4	Tried this Thai restaurant for the first time. Service was a little slow at first but the food makes up for it!! Delicious.
5	YUUUUUUMMMM!!!! I asked my friend to take me to a Thai restaurant for my birthday dinner and she took me here. The Thai Iced Tea that we started with was delicious! We got the Thai Eggrolls as an appetizer, and they were the tastiest eggrolls I've tried. I was very impressed. We ordered the Coconut Soup with chicken and a side of steamed rice as our starter and it was AMAZING!! The flavors were so delicious and the server told us the ingredients used to make it so my friend could try recreating it at home. We didn't even finish the soup before we were full, but we couldn't stop there. We ordered an order of Pad Thai with chicken and tofu to take home and it was very tasty too! My only suggestion is that you go with your gut on the heat level. If you think you are a champion heat eater (or if you can't get enough of spicyness) go for the hot. I found the medium to not satisfy my heat craving, but their tray of spices accommodated for that. I wish I had room for their desserts, as I read many great reviews about them, but with their reasonable prices for everything, I'll definitely be able to go back again on a regular basis and try all of their dishes. A MUST go restaurant!
3	Pretty good, though I like Thai Rama more. I wouldn't order any of the soups vegetarian as they are entirely too sour, but with chicken they are pretty good. The broth could use more depth in flavor in general. Ordered Spicy Thai Shrimp noodle dish. Everything looked grey on the plate- not very appetizing, but it tasted good. Curry is pretty good as well. All in all, it's good, but not my favorite.
5	Back in the mid-1980s when I first came to AZ, I used to go to Siam a lot.  I was stationed at Luke AFB and my boss out there was friends with the gentleman who owned the place and his wife, who was from Thailand.  It was my first exposure to the joys and wonders of Thai food and I have been hooked every since. Sadly, I did not go back after my friend left Luke and it was over 25 years since I last stepped foot into the place.  I have eaten at several other places which were mediocre at best, and I said many times to my family, "You know, we should go to the Siam".  We did not, only because it is a bit of a drive.  I went back last night.  WHY DID I STAY AWAY SO LONG!!  It has not changed from the way I remember it.  The service was first class, the food was out in less than 15 minutes, piping hot and was by far THE BEST Thai food I have had outside of Thailand - I have been in Thailand several times and eaten off the street vendors. The egg rolls were crispy and fresh and tasty and hot.   I had Thai spicy rice noodles with fresh basil and the flavor was amazing, it was fresh and dripping with flavors.  My son had the pad Thai and was in love.  The portions were large, and for two of us with full bellies it was $26 and some change.  I will be taking my wife there really soon.  This time, I won't be staying away for so long.
2	Duck with curry and pineapple, medium spiciness...but I thought that it was very harshly spiced... but everyone else seems to like it...so maybe it's just me.
4	I've only been here once and must say the food is delicious! They were also very accommodating when I asked for no mushrooms in any of my order due to a mild allergy. I will be back for more.
4	Love this place! Closed Mondays. I always get Penang and/or cashew chicken. Love that they have sticky rice.
5	I went for the second time yesterday, and it did not disappoint!!! I love their willingness to work with you on a dish to make it exactly as you want! Best Thai Food I have ever tried!
4	Decided to try some Thai Food take out near my house and this was the closest with the best reviews.  When I went to pick up my food, not only was the restaurant busy but there were three of us picking up our take-out.  Always a good sign.  I got the Green Curry with seafood, hot.  Hot was hot, not "Americanized hot" - I love good flavored spicy food and this was it.  Some of the seafood was a bit chewey, but overall I liked it.  My roommate had the Fried Garlic with chicken, mild and his was good too.  Definitely will be going back
4	It's deliciousness every time I come here. I ordered the chicken satay which came with the tastiest cucumber salad. I had to order another cucumber salad it was so good. It was only $2 extra. They give you six skewers of chicken, so its more than enough for a meal. The thai iced tea is so sweet and refreshing.
4	Good food, good service, great atmosphere.
4	Tried this Thai restaurant for the first time. Service was a little slow at first but the food makes up for it!! Delicious.
5	This is a great spot for Thai food. We have so many Thai places is California and finally I found one that compares and so close to down town Glendale AZ. I will recommend to all my guests that stay at GasLight Inn
5	Siam has to be one of my favourite Thai restaurants outside of Thailand, worldwide.Having spent three months in Thailand I became a big fan of going from place to place sampling the various different takes on certain dishes. Siam provides the taste that takes me back to the great times I spent out there in providing authentic food with deep flavours with all the right ingredients.The staff are incredibly friendly and always happy to help.The food comes in large, family sized portions. This is especially effective with the soups (I thoroughly recommend the Tom Yum) that are presented in a Thai Fire Pot. Great for get togethers, just take the ladle and dish it out. The only draw back to this is that if you are ordering for one or two people, it doesn't give you great scope to try a variety of foods (unless you want to go home with LOTS of left overs... actually no, that's a great idea!).All in all, every return to Phoenix just isn't complete without a trip to Siam. Go try it, you won't be disappointed!
3	They have a small table shoved in the corner that's kind of odd and really shoved in and when we arrived maybe 1/2 the tables were filled and the server said we could have the regular table or the little corner one so I picked the regular table and then she said we couldn't have it and settled for the shoved in corner table. I wouldn't have mentioned this in my review but I did because the very next couple that came in she allowed them to have the table I wanted. I'm not removing stars for that but that is what happened.We ordered egg rolls that came out fast and were good.I ordered the Pad Gra Pow. I liked that they added a nice selection of fresh vegetables to it and the sliced white meat chicken was cooked nice and wasn't dry. This dish tasted good but lacked enough Basil and that is the point to this dish.  Also this dish is traditionally made with hand chopped chicken that has more surface and gets more infused with flavor than sliced chicken so that would have been better. I liked that they offer brown rice so I ordered brown rice however the up charge was $2.00.My husband ordered the Hot and spicy noodles with beef. The dish was fresh and interesting but the beef was a little tough and chewy and not too developed with flavor. I was here before and had one of the curry dishes and liked that much more than the dishes we just had and would have given a higher rating if we ordered different dishes.3.5 stars
4	You just never know what you're getting until you look under the hood...  Friend of mine brought me here for lunch the other day and not being a good Yelper I did not look up any of the reviews prior to going.  To my surprise when I pulled up to this place yes it looks a little dumpy however the inside is really nice.  The ambience, service, and food were all very very nice.  Food; For starters you must try the lemongrass soup and also their spring rolls.  I recommend you get Phad Thai or go with chicken and/or tofu green curry or red curry.  Their green curry sauce is one of the best in Phoenix.  Everything we tried was D Lish!Restaurant;  Like I stated earlier, don't judge a book by its cover, The restaurant is well decorated, the decor is very nice and the ambience is nice.   We found the service on this day excellent.  Our server was very attentive and she was very knowledgeable about their menu.  She made some great recommendations.  After reading other Yelper reviews it would appear that this place has listened to some of their feedback.  I found this place to be a little hidden gem in Phoenix.  I'm looking forward to my next visit and I hope to see you there very soon.
5	My wife and I visited today for lunch solely because of it's Yelp rating and because it's fairly close by but mainly because of yelp.From the outside, the place has absolutely NO curb appeal.  Still though we went in, trusting in 105 yelp reviewers and walking inside was like walking into another world...Very, very nice.  Very nicely decorated.  Service was fast and efficient.  We were well looked after by the wait staff.  I had an old favorite, pad thai.  That's usually the bench mark I use for measuring how good food is.  The pad thai was excellent.  Had it with chicken but there were some shrimp thrown in.  Got the medium heat and it was delicous!!Wife had one of the currys.  Ordered medium heat but she said that, while absolutely delicious, it wasn't as hot as she'd like it although she, too, had ordered medium.  Could be a mistake in the kitchen.  Anyway she said it was delicious. as well.We also got some egg rolls.  There were two of them and they were wonderful as well.  They come with a fruit sauce which was ever so delicate.  Very lightly pink but we couldn't tell from which fruit it came.The whole entire meal exceeded our expectations well beyond what we even hoped for.We both decided that this restaurant will go on our absolutely- must- revisit list.
5	Authentic and fantastic!  Don't be fooled by the outside- the fido is out of this world!
5	Consistently amazing with every dish I've had. I've been going to Siam since I was a little kid and still frequent this lovely gem!
3	I had a pleasant lunch here. It was the first time I've ever had pad thai. It was good. I will be going again very convenient location. Staff was really friendly and helpful.
4	I'm obsessed with Thai food. I'm very close to moving Thailand so I can bathe in Thai food. The first time I came here, the food was good but I was in bad company so I didn't enjoy it. 2nd visit. My friend and I came here and i got the sweet basil entree with beef and my friend got the sweet and sour chicken. Everything was delicious!! The sweet and sour chicken was perfectly breaded and sauced and the basil beef was the right amount of spicy and basily. My taste buds were definitely happy!
3	The only thing that I want to eat here is the green Thai curry since most of the dishes contain soy.  94% of all soy has been genetically modified.  Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) were allowed onto our market with no human safety studies.  In animal studies they have been linked to tumors, allergies, holes in the digestive tract and could potentially cause the bacteria in your intestines to produce pesticides.  Watch the movie Genetic Roulette on YouTube for the complete story.  Soy, corn, canola, Hawaiian papaya, sugar from sugar beets and milk products that aren't organic  are most likely GMO.  Some zucchini and yellow squash are also GMO.  The green Thai curry is very good, and I like the fact that they have brown rice.
5	That was fantastic! Food was delicious, really cute inside, one of the best menus for Thai food I've seen.
3	Siam, located in a tiny strip mall, may lack luster from the outside but serves a pretty decent dish of Thai cuisine!  While not my favorite place to go for Thai food, this place offers a pretty delicious bowl of Tom Kha and Duck with Pineapple Curry  The Tom Kha is rich and creamy and full of delicious coconut milk but could use more lemongrass.  Whenever duck is an option on the menu, I naturally order that as my choice of protein.  While the pineapple curry doesn't have too much of a pineapple kick, the subtle hints of it gave it a nice after-taste.  Siam does seem to go light-handed on spice so if you're feeling bold, get it a level higher than what you normally order!The place is kept very clean and the servers are pretty friendly.  I wouldn't exactly drive out of my way to come here but hey:  the food is warm, filling, and flavorful!  It's worth a try!
5	This restaurant is amaZing! The food is just so delicious! And the people here are very friendly. Highly recommend this place to everyone!!!
1	I am SHOCKED by all the 5 star reviews.  This is by far the worst Thai food I have ever had!!
5	Whoa! This place is bomb.com! Really great food and courteous staff.  The thai tea is on point.  If you are in the area do yourself a favor, and stop in.  I had quite a few things on the menu, and really have enjoyed it all. Great place.
5	YUM. I LOVED their Thai fried rice, and Pad Thai. Incredible. Best Thai place in Phoenix by far. Kind of in a shady area, and you'd pass it if you weren't paying attention. Worth finding!!
4	My friend from Thailand took me here, I figure he has to know good Thai food right?  I have been going back ever since.  The red curry and green curry are both excellent.  The service is great and the place is clean.  The pad thai is above average.
5	Surprisingly elegant interior with a rough store front. The food was excellent and service was prompt. Delicious curry both red and green with huge portions.
5	I used to go here all the time until I moved to Deer Valley. Wife and I wanted Thai food last night and I thought it would be fun to go back and see if it was as good as I remember it. It was. They have the best Panang I've had anywhere. The distance doesn't matter anymore, we will be coming back more regularly from now on.
5	My favorite out of ALL the other Thai restaurants I have tried.. and I've tried a lot of Thai restaurants & none of them can come close to Siam. I'm a regular there and the waitresses always greet me so kindly with a smile and a happy tone. I love their food, especially their Red Curry Chicken OMG to die for.
5	It doesn't look like much on the outside, but it's very nice inside. Food is amazing! I am in love with the Pad Thai and I've never had a better egg roll!
5	I found this place while browsing on yelp.  It is AMAZING!  I had the yellow curry and thai iced tea (my go-to for any thai restaurant) and it was delicious!  My friend really enjoyed his meal too.  Definitely a place worth checking out!
5	Who knew they actually had at least one really legit Thai restaurant in AZ?! I would have never guess, until I walked into this little gem. My husband was the one to find this place and I am SO glad he did. Any place that has an option to have you food "Thai hot" is alright with me! Some places we would eat Thai food, we would request to make it hotter than their hottest option because most of the time their version of "hot" was more like 3 out of 5 stars. This place does not disappoint on the hot factor. Thai food is my favorite and if you speak to any Thai person, they like everything hot, so it is a complete disservice if you don't eat their food hot because it only enhances the flavor. Our service was fantastic, our waitress caught on to our humor pretty quick and she was joking around with us too. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time and they were even very conscientious of our kids, speaking with them directly. I always like that. We ordered our staples, chicken stay, pad see yew, and beef red curry. All amazing. The only other place I have had Thai food this good was at a family party- no joke. I'm amazed because I've lived in a few places where Thai food, and people, were everywhere and this place is right up there with the best Thai food I've ever had. The place is still very hole-in-the wall and we had to travel from Anthem to get here, but it was well wroth it and will be worth it every time we come back. Who knew some of the best Thai food you can find in is Phoenix? It seriously rivals places in LA, you MUST try this place out if you are a fan of authenticity.
5	We found this gem on July 5th using Yelp.  My wife says that this is the best Asian food she's had in Phoenix.  I tend to agree.  This is a pleasant, well decorated, neighborhood restaurant with great food and reasonable prices.  We will be back!
5	Fantastic food across the board. For the brave, order your food "Thai hot", if you like spicy you're in for a treat. Highly recommended.
5	Amazing Thai food! I love a good curry and this place beats them all! The Pineapple Duck Curry is one of their best, along with the Red Curry. Their Pad Thai is also phenomenal. And the Thai Tea...oh, the Thai Tea! I can't wait to come back!
5	Great food and great service. The place is so much nicer on the inside than it seems when you see it from the street. Every time I go there I leave happy. Their Thai ice cream is amazing. One caution, the food can be very Spicey so if you are not sure what level of spice to choose go at least one level lower.
5	Been here twice and the good was incredible both times! We ordered Thai tom yum soup (w/ seafood), squid papaya salad, Lao style papaya salad and shrimp pad Thai. All were yummy! Very friendly and fast service. Looks like it's family owned & ran, best way to go! Visit them, worth the trip.
4	Great pad, delicious curry and the best sticky rice and mango. Small portions and pricey but definitely still great. The place itself was hard to find and doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside has a really nice authentic feel to it.
5	Absolutely live this place!  Their portions are generous. I love their wonton soup and the poo poo platter. No matter what we order we have never been disappointed.  My husband tends to order a different entree every time we go to try out new things and I stick to the sweet and sour chicken to share with our 6 year old and taste whatever he ordered. The thing I love about the sweet and our chicken is that it's lightly breaded and not greasy, their sweet and sour sauce is delish and the veggies are nice and crisp. Can't say enough about this place. No need to look for another Thai place in the valley this is it!
2	I'm giving 2 stars just because the food is decent. The staff is rude. Last time we ordered out I said I would order out again to see if it was just the day...I'm afraid not. I asked for soy sauce and utensils and got a sigh of disgust. I'm sorry it's not my problem you are too busy and don't hire enough help. You're charging enough to be able to... my recommendation go TO SIAMESE KITCHEN @ 43RD AND OLIVE. Super sweet lady at the front and cook (owner), better prices...you won't be disappointed !!
3	Been here twice.  When we ate in, the food was great.  Two days later, placed a take out order and they got it all wrong.  East in I'd tipu have a choice.
5	Pretty bomb Thai food. Their Thai food is better than some places I've been to before. Definitely should try the Thai tea. It's pretty good. I'd say they have the better Thai tea compared to another place I have been too. Good atmosphere. Darling lighting so it would be cute for a date. I went with friends, but it was still fun! :)
4	This place has grown on me... Very tasty. I like it very much. Still font get vegetarian soup, but enjoy nearly everything.
5	Best Thai food in the Valley!!
3	The flavors are good but I was a little disappointed with the spices. I asked for them to make my dishes as spicy as they can make it, not American spicy but Thai Spicy, but it came back mild and they stated that's as spicy as they can make their dishes. I'm a little disappointed since many of the reviews stated this was the best Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area, but I guess I should have listened to my wife and kept the bar low since I'm not in the Bay Area right now.
5	Love this place. I had the eggplant dish and was very delicious. My oldest brother had the catfish and my other brother had red curry beef. Everything was so good that all the plates were empty. We came here to celebrate the holidays with family before they went back to texas and they loved it. I consider myself a regular now and this little diamond in the rough is the best Thai food I've had since moving here in az.
5	It doesn't look great from the outside, but the inside is very nice and welcoming. I got the yellow curry with pork and it was very good, and we also got the Thai egg rolls as an appetizer, which were delicious and obviously fresh. It was my first time trying Thai food, and I was glad I came here for it. Will be back!
