5	Thanks Jason.. on-time, courteous, and thorough.Will definitely be the first guy I call for any other garage door problems I have.
5	Jason came out twice now and both times it was same day!  Wow, great service always on time and has great recommendations.  I had to have him out because we needed to service our garages since sometimes it would not close and then I had him out a few weeks later since my daughter decided to ram the rail of one of my garage doors (yeah, I was pissed).  Anyway, Jason programmed one of my remotes that was giving me trouble and changed the code on my keypad since I hate doing that stuff.  He calls when he is on his way and he gave me a time window that he honors every time.  He is also valley wide so dont worry if you think he does not service your area....he does.
5	Jason is the only garage door professional I will ever need. JDT Garage Door Service stands for fast, reliable, knowledgeable, affordable service. I have used their services for many years, on many different garage doors, and I always refer my friends, family and clients to JDT Garage Door Service.
5	I am very impressed with JDT's service. My sister needed to get her garage door taken care of so we called Jason at JDT. He took care of it right away and everything worked out great. I would recommend them any friends and family.
5	Service was great and same night too! Came late when we had a car trapped in the garage because of a broken spring. Price was spot on and they were in and out in less than a half hour.
5	Called Jason at 7:15am on a Sunday morning and he immediately took the job. Quoted he would be at my house in 30 minutes-and HE WAS...just driving time. Came in, assessed the garage door my husband ran the car into backing out, quoted and went to work. Repaired the garage door but also did a maint. and tune up on the door as well. As I type this I hear the garage door opening and closing with him fixing it. Completed in under 30 minutes. HE ROCKS!!!! DID NOT TRY TO OVERSELL ANYTHING. Great warranty offered with the door as well. Def. recomment.
5	Fantastic service. When our regular guy failed to return my two calls, I called JDT. The young woman who answered the phone was courteous and laughed at my jokes.Jeff, the tech, was at my house less than 90 minutes later and the job was done in less than an hour. He was polite, knowledgeable and friendly. Call JDT for your garage door repairs...you won't be sorry.
5	JDT Garage Door Service is the best in their field and deserves my highest recommendations.Jason is punctual, knowledgeable and professional. I am impressed on how quickly he resolved our issue and appreciative  that he did not try to up-sell unnecessary services.
5	I have used Jason on two separate occasions for two different homes and in both cases I received excellent service and products from him.  He is extremely knowledgeable in what he is doing, very punctual in protecting my time which needed to be spent and provided me with affordable options to choose from.  I strongly recommend JDT Garage Door Service as I have to several of my friends and family members.    Thanks Jason for the professional way you do business.
4	Just moved in and our garage door was crooked and not working properly.  These guys were able to come out right away and with your Yelp deal I even saved some money.  Very professional, explained it all very clearly and completed the work quickly.  Will be sure to call them if we need them again!!
5	They did a great job and were on time. They were very professional . They went thru the different packages they offered. I choose the upgraded springs roller and center support bearings and door support after they explained that option. It covered all the parts for life. They worked on the price. Their door was also 2"  insulated where some are  1 3/8 thick doors and theirs was a heavier gage steel.
5	JDT is our GO TO garage company for our property management team. Ever since the very first time I contacted Jason to add him as a vendor to our database I have had incredibly professional communication, prompt service, fair pricing and an overall fantastic working relationship.We have utilized JDT for dozens of jobs across the valley and all of our tenants have always reported that the techs are efficient and courteous and on time.I highly recommend them for any of your garage needs.
5	Called JDT out to fix our crotchety garage door when it started sticking when trying to close. They were able to get me a Saturday appointment and I was happy they would come out to North Phoenix. (Practically Peoria). CT came out and gave me a very thorough assessment of the state of our door's repair. He gave us advice on what needed to be addressed now and which issues could wait. We were able to take advantage of a special coupon and also a Yelp discount. The price for all the work was very fair and the work done was excellent. It was quick and I was very pleased.  I would definitely recommend them and use them again in the future.
5	Jason was very professional and paid attention to the little details. His prices are fair and he gives you what you pay for and then some. He rehabbed both my doors and installed 2 jackshaft motors.  Now my garage ceiling is wide open and the doors are super quiet going up and down. Also, both safer and more secure. I would recommend JDT. Next time I need service I will call him and no one else.
5	Received an estimate for replacing door opener from Brandon, wanted to have another quote for the job. The second company was supposed to come out Sat between 1-3. They called Sat morning and quoted me over the phone. I was disappointed that someone  was either lazy or thought I was not worth the time. Anyway the quote I received over the phone was about the same as JDT, but with a unknown brand. But the fact that Brandon took time to come in person really impressed me. What happened if the other company after starting the job says "Oh it will be more because we have to do this, and did not know until we started". That is why you quote when looking at the job, anyway Brandon did an amazing job on our garage door same day service and he got it done fast! I would highly recommend them to anyone!
5	I had a Wayne Dalton torquemaster that wore out so my door wouldn't open. Called JDT based on the good Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed. The appointment was easy to schedule and Brandon did a great job explaining things to me as I asked questions. We also had some good off topic conversation which was a bonus. Highly recommend these guys.
