5	Excellent place to bring the family, two bedroom suite with a full kitchen and full size fridge and dishwasher other than me. TVs in each room, and a desk for keeping up with homework.
4	Recently stayed at this new property (I was told that the just opened in January 2014), and was very impressed. It's much nicer than some of the other Residence Inns that I've stayed at, and you can tell that it's new.It's located in Gilbert, which was convenient for me, and near quite a few things (the freeway, hospital, grocery stores, etc.). Bed was comfortable, nice seating area in the studio that I stayed in, and it had the feel of a boutique hotel, which I love.Service was also really good, and they have both a nice swimming pool and workout room. I would definitely recommend this place, and will probably stay here again in the future.
5	Excellent place to stay. The staff here are thoughtful and considerate. The breakfast is well done and the staff who run it are always sure to make sure foods are available. The hotel is kid friendly with a great pool area, basketball court and a putting green. We are out of our home for a while for a flood and this is a great place to stay. Laundry facilities are a bit expensive bit clean and do a solid job. The work out room is well appointed and can handle a hand full of people at once.
5	Had to take up temporary residence here after a flood disaster at our home. The two bedroom suite with a kitchen was perfect for my husband and I, two young children and Grandma (who was visiting from out of town). The rooms were clean and well kept, and the free breakfast was much better than your average run of the mill cereal bar. The pool and jacuzzi were relaxing and clean, and the lobby staff always greeted us with a bright smile. I would highly recommend this hotel.
4	Excellent service here. The kitchen sink had a horrible smell coming from it after a couple hours in the room. They had it taken apart and cleaned within a hour. The room was spacious and clean with a low level of noise from neighbors. I would definitely stay again or recommend to anyone in the Gilbert Chandler area.
