5	I am VERY picky about my eyebrows and hardly let anyone touch them. (Past experiences left my brows looking like strings!)But here, here is a different story. I come here for both my upper lip and eye brows.They really take the time to listen to what you would like and even have different ways of threading, more hygienic ways.I took a friend here from out of town and she was amazed, so was I at what they could do for her brows! heheThe girls are great and extremely friendly. I would definitely recommend this place for threading.
5	Extremely caring ladies who use hygenic methods for quick threading! I love this place along with my WHOLE family for everything from skin care to gorgeous accesories.
5	the ONLY place to get your eyebrows done!!!
5	Owner is very friendly. And they always do a great job on my eyebrows.they clean up and not make me look gay.
5	EXPERT  EXPERT  EXPERT!!!I refuse to let anyone else touch my eyebrows!!Very clean and comfortable environment. Always professional and kind
5	Best threading place in the valley- she has invented her own device to help threading. Instead of holding the thread in your mouth they put it around a necklace. Way more sanitary than the other places- great service great quality overall a fabulous place to go. The girls are very thorough when they see you. They have a stamp card too!
5	Sajoona is the BEST! I've been to many places to get my eyebrows groomed in various ways but none of them have kept me going back. Even my older sister who is a self proclaimed "brow snob" absolutely fell in love with Sajoona's personality and knowledge of good brows! I highly recommend anyone who is looking to really kick their brows back into shape to go here, the prices are reasonable and the threading artists are friendly and quick. I always go in without an appointment but both women are very accommodating!
5	Jana is amazing! I'm very picky when it comes to my brows and she did an outstanding job. They don't use their mouth when using thread they use a necklace! Way cooler, better and less painful. They charge $11 and I know everyone usually charges $10 for their brows but it is worth the extra $1!! ;)
5	Like Barbra, I barely let anyone touch my eyebrows. EVER. My eyebrows were growing out hardcore ever since my horrible threading experience at Diya Threading (I did write a review). Sonal saw my review about horrible review regarding my experience about Diya Threading and personally messaged me because she wanted a challenge and wanted to make a happy client. Well, she got one! Sonal was able to expertly shape my eyebrows so beautifully. Although I do admit I wanted a more straighter/fuller brow (I am SO into the whole full luscious brow thanks to Korean stars - just look up korean brows on Google and you  will know what I am talking about), she explained why she did what she had to do and in time when they grow out, will help me achieve my ideal eyebrow shape. I trust she will do that. Overall, Sonal is a kind and amazing woman! Very easy to talk to and open to criticism and ideas and just actually knows what she is talking about. I am willing to pay a bit extra for my eyebrows just because that is something I believe you cannot skip over.I am happy to say I finally have a go to eyebrow person [:
3	Solid threading boutique- map location on Yelp is wrong, it's not at Jones and Sahara but on Rainbow in the same shopping center as $3.99 shoes- next door to the ABC Dental.They don't just thread here, but also do lashes and have a boutique section with jewelry and accessories- check in gets you something free, but I did not use it on my visit.Employee was quiet but friendly, showed me the device they use here to hold the string instead of putting it in their mouths, and explained why they use it: more sanitary, lighter touch, etc.Brows were done in like three minutes flat. $11 is a bit higher than most to charge. Not sure I'll come back here specifically, but it's the closest to my house. Pain wasn't any more or less than I've experienced elsewhere.
5	I've been getting my eyebrows threaded for 14 years, and none compare to the attention and quality of service Sonal provides. Threadolysis, is a place where you can get your eyebrows shaped CORRECTLY, full face facial and even eyelash extension. Sonal, even manufactures her own thread ... And trust me it makes a difference. I'm so happy I stumble upon Threadolysis, I'm a client for life now.
