4	I went there the first day they opened, a little unsure of what to expect. With a name like Taste of Europe, I expected a more expansive menu. Not really misleading, it says Polish cuisine on the sign, but with that name you got to deliver the goods! They have alot of the staples of Polish food that I know with my limited experience. Polish sausage (obviously), pork cutlets, and pierogis, essentially all hearty comfort foods. I tried their stuffed potato pancakes that consist of a couple pancakes with beef stew sandwiched in the middle and topped with cheese. It was about as heavy as can be expected, but not as overwhelming or greasy as it could have been. It was a pleasant surprise, nothing groundbreaking but pretty tasty.This place has potential, they need a more diverse menu and more drink options, but the food ain't bad, and the people are friendly.
5	The best cabbage rolls ever. Not heavy, spiced correctly. We also had the pierogi..which was equally as good. I will definitely be back
3	Good food and cheap ($6-10) the menu however is very limited : http://tasteofeuropecharlotte.com/menu.htmlSo what we have is all winter fare, pierogi, pan fried chicken or pork breaded cutlets, cabbage or sauerkraut and potatoes. That pretty much sums it up.  The restaurant has new look, all flat black and blonde somebody put some thought into it and I like how it looks. There are few tables for now but they seem to have room to jam a few more when the need arises - which may be soon. I was there for lunch at 2:30 and they were still doing a relatively brisk business. I say relatively because most of the food is cooked to order and it takes a little while for the lone cook to get it out. I ordered the Hunter stew:  sauerkraut with kielbasa was possibly a bit overcooked but absolutely delish, breaded and pan fried pork chops were fresh and tasted very good, some mashed potatoes tasted like ... just that. They don't offer any bread and the salad is a la carte but for $9 I can't complain. Next time I'll just order one but they need to put a little more thought into their menu.  3 stars.They offer Borsh as a drink and I expected a cup of cold beet soup. Instead what I got was hot, sugary and very heavily spiced, more like some kind of Christmas hot drink. Nice taste but I could only sip a little of it. For desert they offer crepes ($3.75) with Nutella or Jam, I couldn't resist and it was a good surprise. Not only the 2 small crepes in the dish were nicely presented but they tasted delish and expertly made. Crunchy with a little caramelized sugar , they give you a small spoon to eat them because that's needed, the spoon cuts through cleanly and the pieces don't fall apart when you spoon it up. Def 4 stars.There's many a creperie that could (should) learn from this chef how to properly make a desert crepeAll together this tiny ethnic restaurant makes a welcome addition to this sucky neighborhood ( culinary speaking S.E. Charlotte/Matthews is littered with the restaurants that time forgot) ... however to claim it's on the same 5 star level as  a fine restaurant like Waldhorn is simply absurd.
4	Finally! FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do you hear the word that is coming out of my mouth?! Finally, a Polish restaurant in the QC! I thought I would never see such a thing here. OK let me compose myself and get on with it.. Because of time, we decided to do a take out order. We had the following:Potato Pancakes which were HUGE and DELICIOUS! They are offered as an app and you get 3 but because of their size, I could easily have these as a meal. They were crispy on the outside and tender in the middle. The potato is pureed (as it should be) with a hint of onion. They are served with either apple sauce or sour cream. I opted for neither simply because I grew up eating these with only a pinch of salt and that's exactly what I gave them and they were perfect!2 different types of Perogies which we ordered fried (because the fried potato pancakes were not enough). For the health conscious, you can have them boiled. The potato and cheddar was my favorite. They were very tasty. Plump little pillows of dough with a large amount of potato and cheddar in the middle? How can you not love that? We also had an order of the meat filled Perogies, which were fine, a little bland but still fine. 2 orders of Golabki or in the US they are Golumbki and in NEPA we call them Piggies. Aside from the potato pancakes, the Golabki was what I was really interested in tasting. I will have you know my Grandmother, made the BEST piggies on the planet. Just sayin. So Golabki is cooked cabbage leafs that are filled with meat and rice and then stewed in a tomato sauce. Is your mouth watering yet?These were very good, not better than my Grandma's but still very good. The cabbage was cooked to perfection and they were nicely filled but the meat to rice ratio was off. These were filled with mostly rice. I personally would have liked a little more meat BUT overall the piggies were DELISH. I would go back for these any day. Overall our experience was a success and we can add a new restaurant to our list of places to go. For me personally, the food took me back to my youth and the great memories I have of growing up in and around our Polish community with their beautiful customs and fabulous cuisine.
5	Ate here for the first time tonight. Was excited that Polish food had finally come to Charlotte. I wasn't really sure what to expect before I got there since Charlotte doesn't have a huge Polish population, but the restaurant really delivered.The food was great and the portions were pretty big (I had the Bigos). Prices are great too, especially considering the portion sizes. Definitely recommend giving it a try. It'll definitely become a part of my normal rotation.
4	I had dinner at taste fo Europe last night and found it very enjoyable. I had the sampler platter (grilled kielbasa, mushroom pierogi, and stuffed cabbage). Very tasty. Service was friendly, dinner came out a little slow, but not more than ~5 minutes more than expected. They also offer Polish beer. I had a Karpackie Super, which was very good and stronger than it tasted (9%). I'll be back, since I'd like to try the stuffed pancake and the crepes.
3	Visited this newly opened restaurant for some authentic pierogies, a favorite European dish of mine.The decor was quiet, ethnic, and simple- enjoyably authentic.Only ordered 6 fried pierogies with sauerkraut to try the place out.  They weren't bad.The female owner was there when I arrived. She was very pleasant. I'd return for a full dinner.
5	We had lunch here last week and had a great experience.We ordered the meat pierogi, potato & chz pierogi, and gr. beef cutlet. Everything was delicious and tasted authentic. (My husband is from Poland, and I have visited a couple times.) If you have picky children, they also offer menu items like chicken fingers & FF. The menu prices were very reasonable.
4	My mom and dad had their 59th anniversary lunch here they had the Polish platter which is real tasty and I highly recommend for starters. Everything on it  was real good and you would not want much more because it  is very  filling. It is a small charming place and the owners are real nice I hope they succeed. It is nice to see something other then barbecue in Charlotte, you will not be disappointed.Now if I can just find myself a good polish women.
5	We stopped in to check out a recently opened restaurant and were surprised to find delightfully authentic Polish cuisine. I highly recommend everything we ate: hot red borscht, meat pierogi, golabki and apple pie. We are definitely going back To sample the rest of the meals on the menu. The atmosphere was pleasant with polish music in the background. The owners are from Poland and were very nice and helpful.Ok, we returned today and this time we ate the Hunter's Stew and the variety pierogi plate. The Hunters Stew is simply AMAZING! ALL the pierogi were delicious...Russian, cheese, spinach & meat. Can't say enough about this place.
5	Wow!!! What a gem of a place. Great food and reasonable prices. We had the sampler plate and the beef stew. Both were fantastic. The golumbki were home made and as good as mom's. Beef stew also great comfort food. We're going back to try the potato pancakes and more of the pierogi. Yum.
5	I had Golumpki. It's a cabbage roll common in Polish cuisine made from lightly soft boiled cabbage leaves wrapped around minced pork or beef, chopped onions, and rice or barley baked in a casserole dish in a tomato sauce.Dish was absulutely delicious, just the way my mom used to make it. And mushroom soup was great too! Glad I found this place.Staff is friendly. I was greeted when I walked and they wished me a wonderful day when i was leaving. Place is clean. Dining area is kinda small but cosy. Can be good for couples, for  small birthday parties (20 people). Thanks Folks!
5	Let me start by saying that Charlotte is a pretty weak food town.  Look, I ain't hatin' on Charlotte: just tellin' the truth.  You really have to get lucky to find a place that does anything authentic/ethnic.  There are a few decent Mexican places if you know where to look, and some good Vietnamese here and there.  Or you can go downtown and pay through the nose for one of the decent chef-driven joints.  But simply put, Charlotte just doesn't have the diversity that a city this size would have, were it found up North.  The food scene is just pretty lame.  But it is improving slowly.  And the way to help it improve is to support a restaurant like Taste of Europe.They are turning out delicious Polish food here at reasonable prices.  I agree with everything said in the previous reviews.  The food is great, all around.  The place is clean.  The service is wonderful.We rarely go out to eat because I can cook better food than most restaurants can around here.  My pizza is better.  My Chinese is better.  My Italian is better.  My steaks, hamburgers, BBQ--better, better, better.  My Polish?  Yeah, it's darn good, but Taste of Europe is better.  So we will be back!
4	I called a day early to reserve a table at 1pm on a Saturday for 10 for my mom's 75th birthday.  When we arrived, they had given our table to another group, assuming it was ours, so we had to wait while they put together another table in the back, and locate chairs for us, too.  The place is tiny but they managed to fit us all together eventually.  We had a sampling of most of the foods between us, and the pierogi's were excellent, but I wasn't a huge fan of the tomato sauce on the golabki.  Full disclosure, my mom makes most of the food on the menu at home, so I'm a bit spoiled and used to great Polish foods. However, the pork cutlet was amazing and even their kids meal fried and chicken tenders were great.  The service was slow, with only 2 servers in the full restaurant, but they were very nice and accommodating. They even sang Happy Birthday in Polish, too! I may go again if we're in the Matthews area as the prices were also very reasonable, but probably won't make the drive from Charlotte too often.
5	Even though I grew up eating with Polish relatives, I found the quality and variety of cuisine unmatched anywhere!  The various pierogi--even sweet cheese, the lightly crusted meatballs, the deep flavored interior of the stuffed cabbage, and the lean and tasty, real Polish sausage beyond any I had ever had.      And the staff deals wonderfully with the crowds and with individuals who want to learn about the preparation and the culture.  They will need a bigger place pronto.
3	Meal was decent, VERY pricey for what you get though.  Pierogi's  were good. Kielbasa was really good. Stuffed cabbage was soso. Average for polish food. The waitress had a little attitude as well.
4	Totally unique restaurant for the Charlotte area.  I would challenge you to tell me where I can find homemade pierogis.  Reasonable prices, good service, but plain atmosphere.  Need some help on the wine and beer list, but overall, I would say it's a great addition to the restaurant scene!
5	So between the husband and i we ate some of everything on the menu. can i tell you that the hunter's stew was great, the cabbage rolls were amazing and get the pierogi boiled, they are so light and fluffy. service was great, and i can't think of one downside to the meal. we did not get the dessert crepes, the table across from us did and loved them though ( i was not afraid to ask what she thought about them) a definite find!
3	Three and a half stars.We've eaten here now a number of times now, they expanded the menu somewhat and they have 5 Polish beers to chose from.A word about the Pierogis - which is what you probably should order if you never tried them. They offer a mixed plate with meat, mushroom, cheese which you can have either "boiled or fried".  Boiled doesn't sound good but it actually is: think steamed dumplings, the flavors of the stuffing comes through better without the oil. I tried them both ways a few times and personally preferred boiled to fried - which I found a little too oily.
5	First of all, Charlotte is not a "pretty weak food town" as JGP says. Charlotte has tons of restaurants, and lots of diversity. Taste of Europe adds to this, and it's wonderful.We ordered the pierogi sampler and potato pancakes to start. They were delightful. Sauerkraut and mushroom was my favorite. My friend liked the spinach the best. Another friend fell in love with the cheddar and potato. I ordered the sample plate with sausage, stuffed cabbage, and pierogi. It was delicious, and I am craving it now just typing about it!! My only critique was that my plate needed either sauerkraut or red cabbage.We also got bigos, which is bacon and sauerkraut stewed together, and is delightful, the pork cutlet, which was perfect, and the chicken cutlet, which was seasoned and fried beautifully.Five stars. This is definitely in our regular restaurant rotation from now on!!!
5	I've never been to (or possibly even SEEN) a Polish restaurant before, so it was interesting to finally try one.  Although the restaurant is in a mini-strip mall, they've done a nice job of decorating the interior so it doesn't feel like a strip mall.  The decor is modern-looking (IKEA?) and it seems very clean.  The menu offers a variety of pierogi choices, and you can get them either boiled or pan-fried.  There are other Polish dishes as well, but we focused on the pierogies.  You get 9 pierogies per entree, a side of sour cream, and you can get a combination of flavors by paying just a little bit more (50 cents?).  I opted solely for the Russian pierogies, which was potato and farmer's cheese, I believe.  After ordering, I wished I had gotten half of them spinach, because I do love variety.  Nevertheless, the Russian ones were delicious and flavorful.  It filled me up and was "just enough" food, but may not be enough for a Hungry Man.  We also ordered the potato pancake appetizer and received four large potato pancakes (also delicious).  We'll definitely return and try some other items from their menu.
5	My wife and I were tired of the same old cycle of dining choices, so we decided that we wanted to try something different. My wife's friend as born in Poland, and she recommended this place. Let me say, this place is a hidden gem.It's tucked away in a little strip mall on Monroe road.  The place is small, it seats about 30-40 tops. The service is was excellent. However, if you are in a hurry, this is not the place for you. It's not incompetent slow, it's just a family style, cooked to order place.             The food was outstanding.We ordered the potato pancakes-AwesomeI hade the Hunters Stew with Pork Cutlet.The Pork was pan fried and delicious. I was able to cut it with my fork. I can not remember the last time I cleaned my plate at a restaurant. I was embarrassed because was eating so fast. You beer lovers out there must try the Karpackie Super Beer, smooth and refreshing. Beware you light weights because it's 9% alcohol.My wife had the Pierogi; again very good. This has now been added to our regular rotation of "can't miss" dining choices.
5	Fan-freaking-tastic!!!!!! I knew Polish food is good being half Polish but I never knew how good authentic Polish food really is! I'd give it 10 stars if I could!!!
5	I had the stuffed cabbage platter with smoked polish sausage and fried farmers cheese pierogi which was a sweet twist. I ordered the sampler pierogi platter boiled  and it was wonderful.  Meat, spinach, sauerkraut mushroom (my fav) cheese and potato (second fav). The potato pancakes were the best loved the texture and would definitely get them with each visit. The sauerkraut is sweet and tangy. Would love to try the other menu options but it's hard when it's the only place to get authentic polish pierogi!  You'll never have another frozen one again. Had a glass of wine saw they had polish beer too and should have asked if the wine was polish. I agree with another review where I wish sauerkraut or cabbage came with the platters
3	Having a Polish mother, I was very interested to try this new Polish restaurant.  We ordered a mixed Pierogi platter ( 9 of various styles) and a couple golobki ( Halupki we used to call them).  The pierogi were very nice, and quite a variety are available to suit different tastes.  The golobki ( stuffed cabbages) were large and filling, but I must take issue with the rosemary seasoning used in the filling.  I've not experienced that flavor used in traditional Polish cooking before, particularly golobki, and didn't care for it, and neither did my Chicago-born wife who grew up with polish foods also.  If I go again I will try some of the stew offerings, but wish they had more variety over-all on the menu.
5	My mom and I went there yesterday and it was delicious! Highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogi (pan fried) as well as the potato pancakes with apple sauce. We ordered them to-go and enjoyed a Polish beer while waiting - very good also! I definitely recommend Taste of Europe for something delicious and different than the norm.
5	Best polish food I've ever had!!! My girlfriend is polish and she even said she's never had better polish food.Agatha was our server. She was very friendly and even sang happy birthday for my girlfriend. Service was great and food was delicious. Will definitely be back!
4	I have been waiting for months Togo to this place and now I wish I hadn't waited! The food was fantastic, making me nostalgic for all the amazing food I are growing up. We ordered some potato pancakes as an appetizer and then I had the hunter's stew- sauerkraut and several meats with small puffs of mashed potato on the side. Reminded me of waking up to the smell of cooking sauerkraut when I was growing up! My friend ordered the sampler platter and everything was delicious- some fried pierogi, stuffed cabbage, and kielbasa. Everything was so good I even got an order to go so I could eat some the next day. The ONLY reason I gave this four stars was the lack of attentiveness by the waitress. I'm not sure what that was about since she had plenty of conversation with another table and made sure they were filled on their beverages, but she wasn't mean by any account to is. It just would have been nice to get our waters filled and maybe a little chatter.
3	I don't know if I'd really go with "Taste of Europe" for the name here, but then I haven't really traveled extensively in Europe, so I don't know that I wouldn't either. I have had Polish food, but the only thing I remember was Duck Blood Soup (kinda hard to get that out of your mind), and I wasn't interested in having it again.The pierogis here are pretty much what you expect - mostly potato-filled pasta pockets - though if you've had them elsewhere (out of the freezer, or the one or two places around town that serve them in Charlotte), they are worth trying here, because they are better. Also, you can get them boiled or fried, and has been mentioned, boiled is more like steamed than you probably would think. Still, they are ultimately potato-filled pasta pockets, and thus, not terribly exciting.What was surprisingly tasty was the stuffed cabbage rolls (not sure if they were really rolls), but it's good, and goes down well - definitely worth a try, even if you don't like cabbage. The potato pancake was good too.As a bonus, the staff is very friendly. Perhaps because they weren't busy, and I'm not sure if they are ever busy. Perhaps "pierogi house" would have been a better name.
5	Wonderful place for authentic polish cuisine. The staff is friendly.  The food is excellent. Be prepared to take your time, don't be in a rush.  You will definitely enjoy.
5	The Taste of Europe has wonderfully home-cooked and VERY authentic Polish cuisine.  My wife had the sampler platter of pierogis (boiled as opposed to fried) and I enjoyed my Polish stew with a breaded pork cutlet and wonderful mashed potatoes.  Both of our luncheons were absolutely yummy.  There is nothing "fancy" about the decor and Taste of Europe is located in a nondescript strip of stores just off Prineville-Matthews Rd.  Our friends who were with us enjoyed their luncheons, too, plus he had a delicious cup of some very tasty polish beet soup.  You won't' be disappointed by Taste of Europe unless you want to spend a lot of money for lunch or dinner.  You can't go that at Taste of Europe!Yup, 5 "stars" in the right rating for this un-discovered gem in Matthews.
5	Im trying to think of reasons to not just give 5 stars out like that but cant think of any.  My wife and I used to live in Chicago where there is a HUGE Polish population and had many Polish friends.  The food here tastes just like their home cooking.  Even if you've never had Polish food before check this place out.  Food tasted crazy good and their beer hit the spot too.  Its a small place with a family vibe to it.  Prices are extremely reasonable for all the food they serve too.
5	This was excellent - authentic Polish food and delicious! Great for a little unpretentious lunch spot. We would come back!
5	tried this place last night. great food. not much atmosphere but nice people. Nice to have some ethnic choices that are true to their roots. My wife's family is polish and slovak. We will go back.
