5	Pros: Leslie does a great job and I'm really happy with the results this time. Her office is new and clean. Cons: This business rents space from a chiropractor, and is a but difficult to locate if you don't know that. I wasn't happy with my lashes the first time. Compared to other people's extensions, mine weren't as full and thick as others. Leslie informed me that my natural lashes were weak and she only put a few extensions on to see if the natural lashes could support the weight. I'm glad she was cautious. I'd prefer caution to having my natural lashes break off.
5	Leslie did an AMAZING job in getting the EXACT look that I was hoping for. My new eyelashes are the PERFECT length, volume, and curl. There's not a mascara out there I can use to achieve this result. That's the point of getting the extendsions :)Here's my story:I was referred to Leslie by a friend. After consistently seeing amazing work/results on her, I decided that I want to give it a try. I requested the "mascara look" and explained that I want it to look very natural. I am the typical Asian with thin, short, and straight eyelashes. I was apprehensive about the result being too dramatic and/or fake. I like my make up to be minimal and somewhat natural, so it is important to me to have my result fitting that look. Leslie hit the nail right on the nose, per say... I love my new eyelashes!!!!
5	Bought a groupon best groupon ever bought!! I got exactly what I came for lovely eyelashes. Leslie's was so meticulous with every lash she applied I left so impress. Great conversation she is located in a chiropractic office while she builds her practice.. So keep her phone  # incase she moved on to her own office. She worth every penny.
5	I have been a client of Leslie's for the last four years. And the entire time, I've had her do my lashes, with no breaks in between. I LOVE them! I am always getting complimented on them, even when it's time for a fill! They look so natural and are easy to take care of. The products she uses are non irritating and the process is pain-free. Most days I go without any makeup! I don't miss mascara at all! I've seen other lash extensions and Leslie is one of the best! I even get compliments from makeup artists and cosmetic consultants. If you are thinking of getting them, I would highly recommend using Leslie. Get it done right!
5	I just got eyelash extensions done, and they are awesome! I've had eyelash extensions many times and in several different countries. I have come to expect a little chemical sting in my eyes at some point in the process (usually the end), but Leslie uses a little fan so everything is totally dry by the time you open your eyes. I also am used to getting the log cat eye look - even though I always ask for the natural look that tapers at both ends, but Leslie gave me exactly what I wanted. My lashes look very natural and I absolutely love them!  I highly recommend her.  I will try to add to this review in a few weeks when I know how long they last.
5	Leslie does an amazing job every time I go. I have referred her to all my family and friends.  She is always prompt. I never wait past my appointment time, which I appreciate.  The lashes last longer than any other place I have tried, a full three to four weeks.  I never have that weird stingy feeling or any irritation.  It's relaxing, enjoyable, and worth every penny.  I was a mascara addict before, now I just wake up and go!Highly recommend.
