4	Don't be put off by the appearance.The great little cash only restaurant has some of the best beans, rice and salsa I have had (I know that many will refute this).The menu is what you would expect, tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc. all at a great price, as well as lunch and dinner specials that can't be beat.There is only outside seating, on a make-shift patio.There is the occasional loiterer who will ask for change or food, so it is best for take-out and to-go orders. But eating there is not bad.It is right around the corner from me and part of my neighborhood. There are always people there, and having eaten there often, I know why. My only complaint is they are cash only.
4	Delicious food at a great price!
3	Best red chili in town. Others have beat me to it, and it's no wonder. Norteno has been serving simple Tex-Mex with local flair since 1981. It's not much to look at, for sure. After driving by for so many years, I finally gave it a whirl and ordered take-out for five to sample its many specialties.What overwhelms is that it is home made, right there in that little building. You have to wonder how they do it, but damn! Sorry, Sylvia's. You've been de-throned.My tastes included the red chili beef chimichanga, then smothered with more of the delicious rich red sauce. Even fried, the flour tortilla was somehow still moist and the minced beef melted like butter in my mouth. I added rice and beans like any gringo should. Yeah, the cheese on the beans was not melted by the time I got home, but how could it be? And unfortunately the stock used in the rice was not fresh, possibly cubed or powdered because its taste was explosive in some bites, absent in others. Rice was overcooked, but it was freshly made, not served for days and days after the batch was made like other places... nice.The salsa was not the usual "picktwosyllables"-berto's watery vinegar, but its ground chili was brilliant. Makes a great addition to any dish: douse heavily for best results.Norteno makes their own chorizo, and it does not disappoint. Difficult to get excited about toenails, snouts, lips and assholes, but it's Mexican Spam, and it's home made!The only puzzle for me is that after almost 30 years they haven't got their act together for a proper dining area or a better location. Diners must take orders to go, or sit in the lean-to at tables and seating from Kyoto Bowl under bad florescent lighting. I think the owner's going over to My Florist to have a look at the space. A bit much glass for me, but it's close to her original location anyway.
2	Everything I've had here has tasted of sadness.  The tortillas were stale, the beans were flavorless, and the eggs were no good.  This place might cut it in another city, but with the abundance of cheap, delicious mexican food in phoenix, take a pass on norteno's.
4	First off, I haven't done any reviews in quite some time, so forgive me for being a slacker.  But I went to El Norteno today after a long time (about 2 years) and was thrilled to see it still cranking out the best red chile I've tasted anywhere.  Yes, Matt K, I read your review and you panned it pretty good.  Tortillas not as good as Taco Bell.  Ok Matt, you could NOT have tried the red chile burrito.  This assertively spiced, hearty concoction absolutely tantalizes the taste buds.  It is a bit hot but not painfully so... but the flavor washes over you like waves on the Huatulco beaches.  Grab a side of creamy, smooth refried beans and some of their red salsa (redolent with the smoky flavor of Mexican cumin) and you will be hooked.  As far as the "atmosphere" goes, I'm not a big fan of the outdoor dining this time of year (August) so I get it to go.  But I've eaten there in November and it's fine.  Mexican food lovers, Carolina's lovers, TRY THIS PLACE.  You like hole in the wall Mexican, this roadside gem delivers big flavors at little prices.  Matt K can have his Taco Bell.  I'll take El Norteno.
5	The $3.99 lunch specials are amazing. A ton of food and even includes a drink. The salsa is unique (peppery/salty/slightly spicy) and the shredded beef in their tacos (Wednesdays lunch special is 2 tacos, beans & rice) has amazing flavor. One of the very best mexican dives in town
2	Well, they would have received 5 stars, however, the service the 2nd time around was horrible!Food: Very inexpensive with 2 burritos costing less than 8 dollars. Hot Sauce is amazingly good to the point that we finished the entire bottle they gave us for sit-in. Takeout orders get 2 extremely small containers per burrito which is not nearly enough. Important to note that there is no salsa bar.Location: Close to the airport (less than 5 miles) and very small. Place your order inside then wait for it outside. A small eating area is available attached to the kitchen. Nothing fancy or special, but heck, its cheap.Service: The first time around we received our orders as requested. The second time, my GF who is vegetarian received a burrito with meat inside despite clearly indicating 'no meat'. This was during closing time and they were surprised when she came back to demand a new burrito saying 'you didnt eat that outside cause its closed?'. Clearly they were more concerning about closing up than just having given a customer a wrong order. Then on the way to the car rental, the replacement burrito was also discovered to have meat inside. It was immediately thrown into the garbage by my disappointed GF. Completely unacceptable and a 3 star demerit.While the food was good, we probably would not come here again due to not wanting food to go to waste (when we receive items with meat inside when requested without) and lack of hot sauce / salsa when doing take out.
2	Can I give two separate ratings?  The two is an average of my two stops, for which I'd give it a 5 and a 0.  Obviously the 5 visit came first or I wouldn't have been back.The first trip was great!  My plane landed and I yelped for taqueria's (after 3 months in NJ following a year in SoCal I was dying for good mexican) this place was close to the airport with good reviews so I figured I'd give it a try.  Fantastic, simple, cheap and delicious.  The hot sauce was great, so tasty.  This was therefore our logical dinner stop on our way back to the airport after a week and a half traveling around arizona and utah.  I tried to order the "grande burro" with beans instead of the meat.  I am a vegetarian, but I wanted the lettuce, tomato, and guacamole instead of just beans and cheese.  After 5 minutes of discussion, trying to explain this (the girl at the counter spoke perfect english, I don't know why no meat was so confusing) she convinced me to just get a bean and cheese burrito.  Fine whatever, so I got a bean and cheese burrito.  Or so I thought.  I cut into it (sitting in my car in the parking lot b/c they had closed the seating area for the night) and found a chunk of meat.So I brought it back, and told her that I didn't want meat.  She was incredibly nice and very apologetic and had the cook re-make it "without" meat.  At this point I'm looking at my watch wondering if we're making our plane.  My boyfriend finished his food before I got back to the car.  So I come back with a new burrito (and no new salsa since I'd dumped the salsa they'd given me onto the first burrito before seeing the meat :( ), dig into it and not seeing any meat, we drive off.  Munching along while driving, I came across the meat.  The rest of my burrito went into the trash at the car rental return place and I went home hungry and disappointed.
4	It sucks not being able to find a menu online to order ahead...I can add that Tuesday lunch special is taco salad. The two enchilada combo was delicious and piping hot. I will definitely be going there again...it's surprisingly hard to find good greasy mexican food. I would plan on just getting takeout...unless you want to sit in an outdoor cage.
4	Of all the unassuming Mexican "taco stands" in Phoenix, this one takes the cake... or uh.. el pastel.. as it were.There isn't much to write because there isn't much to this place.  So let's keep this simple.  Call ahead and order.  Pick it up.  Pay with cash.  Take it home and enjoy the food.And enjoy it you will.  I'm a fan of the beef tacos but I'm positive you'll find something you like.  Take my advice: Get some of that red sauce.  I swear they put crack in it.Please don't go here expecting anything more than a run down building that churns out some of the best tasting Mexican food in town.If they wanted to deliver this food in the setting of something like Gallo Blanco they could.  But let's cut to the chase, the food is the best.And that's all.  Thanks.
5	Best red chile burritos ever!  Take an extra $5 to buy something for one of the homeless guys that hang out here.
4	Great red chile burros, tasty beans and super cheap.
3	I can Give you the best review for this place because I live a block away and have eattin there on a number of occasions... I really only go there for there for their red chili burros or menudo which is my option rate pretty darn good most of the time. I've ordered their hard tacos they absolutely suck! they are all lettuce and cheese, I'm sorry but wheres the meat??? this is a hit or miss kind of place and all depends what day you go on and what you order. my recommendation's are burros red and green, menudo weekends only, the machaca plate or to all together hit up azteca or la torteca witch are better and in the same area... eat good!
3	The ultimate panacea for a hangover:-THC-H2O-Burritos from El Norteno. Sunday I awoke with a headache that could reduce a lesser man to renouncing alcohol. Rather than do something so drastic and foolish, I opted to meander wearily down 7th ave to El Norteno. Riding my bike there in the already intolerable morning sunshine I fantasized about what I would order; savoury green chile pork, creamy pollo fundido, succulent machaca beef, mountains of delicious beans, gooey melted cheese, gallons of horchata. My goal was to be the fat and happy mexican version of Augustus Gloop, drowning myself in beans rice and horchata, while small guatemalan oompa loompas admonished me in song. Thick in the midst of daydream I nearly rode my bike into oncoming traffic on 7th ave. A wandering homeless man gave me a look that suggested "what the hell is this guys problem?", I shrugged my shoulders and waited at the cross walk. Staring expectantly at my destination, mouth agape, drooling, raving and mumbling, unaware of my surroundings, tortillas and tacos and tostadas danced around my head like little hallucinatory mariachis. The homeless guy I saw earlier managed to catch up to me at the cross walk, and again he stared dumbfounded, with the same look. I paid him no heed, I was so close to my goal, if only the light would turn!! Finally the punishment light turned and I rode across, once there, I realized there was no where I could safely lock my bike up, and in this area, I'd either lock it up, or end up walking home. I walked it a little up the street and found sound rod iron gates I could hook the u-lock around. I start walking back and I see the same homeless dude go inside ahead of me, I cursed my luck and followed him into the cramped little closet of an area inside where you place your order. The homeless guy,....lets call him Thurston, was third in line behind two portly Hispanic guys, assumedly father and son. I sat and sat cramped behind the three ahead of me. Thurston finally got his chance to place an order and opted for two! mexican pizza's. Again I cursed my luck, knowing how long it would take to actually get my food. After Thurston placed his order he stepped outside into the glaring sunshine. I got up, rubbed my hands together rapidly, and stepped up to the counter. I chose the pollo fundido plate and a carne asada cheese crisp with horchata, and after waiting eagerly my number was finally called. I grabbed my order, headed to the little eating area, and promplty blacked out, apparently over dosing on mexican food.
5	Oh my god y'all this place is for real.  The food is inversely proportional to what the place looks like on the outside, and I'm telling you it looks like a ramshackle dump.  The burritos are proper and the price is right.  I don't know if the horchota is any good, I don't drink that stuff.  I think its cash only but don't worry about strolling in to such a dangerous looking location with your last $20 because the dude behind the counter has a firearm on his hip and he will protect you.  I recommend the patio seating; it is probably the worst outdoor seating in all of Arizona if not the civilized world.  You'll spend your time waiting for your food marveling that anyone would eat there and then you'll snatch up your package when they holler and head home.  When you do take your first bite and then listen closely: I told you so.
5	Yes, El Norteno is a "hole in the wall".  In my experience, any really good mexican food I have had comes from a hole in the wall.  Think about it!  Anyway, I order the lunch special (take out) almost every Thursday - the chile relleno plate.  It is awesome and highly recommended.  Call ahead and place your order today, you won't be disappointed!
5	This place pushes out some delicious food, Red chile burro with rice and beans is better than any I've had, and their Nachos are soooo freaking cheesey and good you'll want to order both for one sitting. Unfortunately only outside seating but cool art work on the building to enjoy while eating and don't be discouraged by there greedy practice of charging for extra hot sauce. But of all things to remember make sure you bring cash the place can't afford a card processing machine which is a good thing other wise I'd be there too often and a fat face looks weird on me
4	Good, Cheap, FRIENDLY, and QUICK!!!I'm already addicted to their "green chile burros".  Very basic, green chili pork, beans, wrapped in a tortilla... but full of flavor.  I usually don't like beans but I like em here. I had their chilaquilas too... just ok.. a little sloppy.. but it;s a total dive so I'll take it.    Best as a take out joint.
4	Cash only! Good food. Prices are up. Been going there for more than 10 years always good food. Red chile is my fav and you can put it on anything. New manager has made some good visual changes and menu changes too! Loyal customer.
4	Relatively inexpensive, good solid mexican food place. I wouldn't drive 5 miles for it, but its a lifesaver if you live nearby. Better than the 'bertos.
5	I stop here every Monday night and negate two hours of spinning and yoga by indulging in Mexican comfort food. My wife swears by the carne asado tacos; the cheese enchiladas ring my bell. Although I phone in my order, the parking lot is always an adventure. However, the one night a young Hispanic girl celebrating her birthday in the restaurant's limited outdoor sitting area insisted I come over for a glass of milk and slice of her cake negated all the encounters with strange transients.
3	I ate here the other night and had an assortment of items: shredded beef taco, chicken and cheese enchilada, green corn tamale, green chile, and a tostada. Yes, I know, I am a fat-ass. Deal with it. All the food was fairly mediocre and not at all impressive. Both the green chile and enchilada sauce had a gravy-like consistency and almost had some flavor familiarities as well. The masa of the tamale was a bit dry, and did not have the sweetness I have come to love. Not much to say about the taco and tostada, pretty standard Sonoran fare, but I have had much better elsewhere.Now to the staples. This is where they earned a few points. While none were stellar, the beans, rice, and flour tortillas were pretty good. The tortillas tasted homemade, but could be purchased from a local tortilleria. They also stay open later than most restaurants in Phoenix.Also, worth a mention the only area to eat is an enclosure bordered by some walls and security doors on either side. It almost feels like you're in jail and I imagine its sweltering on a hot summer day. If you've had a few stints in tent city you will feel right at home (minus the pink underwear).
4	Thursday's Special of the Day: Chili Relleno with beans, rice and a soda...cost me $5.25 AND it was delicious! It was a big portion and it also came with a warm tortilla on the side. My only complaint ; there were a few stray pieces of meat in the sauce that covered the chili and I am vegetarian, no biggy really,  just picked them out and moved on. The inside area where you order is kinda tiny, but they have an outside window where you can wait until your order is up. We stayed and sat on the patio to eat which was cozy and surprisingly quiet considering it is right off of a main street. I will definitely keep this in my list of places for a yummy fast lunch while at work. Keep in mind though, CASH ONLY!
4	like any other born-and-raised west coaster, i know that a hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant is where the good food is at. el norteno doesn't let down that philosophy. i knew immediately what i wanted when i walked in: a chile relleno burrito with horchata. my boyfriend and my friends, however, didn't -- the server was nice enough to explain everything slowly, and even gave them some of the sauce to try when they asked how spicy everything was. on top of the super good service, the chile relleno was perfectly filled with cheese, battered, and fried. it got pretty messy eating it burrito-style though, so i had to eat it with a fork and knife. my stomach was satisfied no matter how i chose to eat.
4	The beans and rice here are like crack. So addicting, so amazing. I'm actually pretty curious what they put it in, but it's probably best not to know.I always get the same thing, a burro with beans, rice and potatoes. It's not on the menu, but it's always really tasty and lasts for two meals.I've also tried the cheese enchiladas, which are really good as well, but a little rich and oily for my taste.This is always on my must-eat list whenever I'm in AZ!
4	Don't let the look of the place fool you. The food here is awesome!!!!! Bring cash because it's all they accept. The Chile Releno, and Mexican Pizza are my two favorite things. This place is perfect for someone looking to experience a true hole in the wall no frills place where they will get great food with a smile. You can order from inside the small cashier area or just walk up to the window on the side. Dining area is outdoors with a screen door, but once again don't let this bother you. The food is amazing!!!
5	What can you say about a place thats been open in the same spot, owned by the same family for 33yrs and isn't going anywhere. I have been a loyal customer for 32 of those years. The food is unchanged and excellent, the Red Salsa which I am addicted to and still cannot get the recipe, makes me drive 70 miles round trip to buy a quart and fresh chips, I have had everything on the menu and my personal favorite is the Chorizo egg potato and cheese with three cups of salsa inside. I have taken friends and family when they visit and all love it, Every Christmas I have to send a gallon of salsa and 5 lbs of Chorizo to cousins in Missouri. Love this place.
4	Eaten here a few times, and while it's not much to look at, the food is pretty darn tasty, flavorful and a little spicy. If you're looking to burn your mouth (and ass) this probably isn't your place. The beans and rice are consistently yummy, I've tried the red and green chile meat, tacos, tamales with red and beef, and the pollo fundido, and never been disappointed. They also have coke in the bottle, yay! They cool the outdoor seating area, which is shaded, and it helps, but if you're  a wuss, get it to go. I'd up it to 5 stars if they didn't take only cash. Who carries cash anymore?
4	I had the Arizona burrito for breakfast -- it was definitely large.  I don't know if I'd say it is the "Best Food in Town" as the menu says, but it satisfied my hunger.  I would try it again if I'm in that part of Phoenix.
4	Heaven in a box! This tiny little dump is amazing.I got a little nervous when I pulled up and I saw that the restaurant was more of a four walled building with an oven inside than an actual sit down place, but I was not disappointed. Big portions, great taste, and good value.Only drawback is that the sitting area isn't air conditioned so in the summer it gets pretty toasty and there are a number of flies buzzing at your plate. Nevertheless, the food is awesome and I'll definitely be going back.
5	Hands down the best Mexican food in Phoenix! Better than Carolina's & La Tolteca. The green sauce is ridiculously good. The rice is superb. It may not have the most attractive location / curb appeal but the food is outstanding. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
3	When we pulled up I almost made my husband turn around & take me somewhere else...it looked crazy sketchy.  We went & ordered at the window & sat outside (only seating there is) our food came out very quickly. I ordered a chicken chimichanga with green sauce, it was full of onions & the green sauce was just salsa, I was expecting some kind of chile sauce.  As I got to the middle of the chimi, it was very cold on the inside, as in, not cooked. Weird. The beans & rice were SO good, though! My husband wants to come back & try something else, I'm not too sure yet how I feel about it.
4	I wish I could try everything on the menu. Got pollo fundido. Delicious. The carne asada was meh. Cheese crisps were amazing. Carne asada fries were good too. We'll be back to try more. It's nothing fancy to look at but the food is what you're there for. Worth a visit!!
5	DELICIOUS FOOD.Don't go here if you're expecting a beautiful establishment- it's on the corner, has no inside restaurant, is cash only, has a covered patio thing to eat in and a window where you pick up your food...BUT IT IS SO GOOD.The portions are great, it is very affordable, they have a lot of different options.Definitely a gem of a hole-in-the-wall and I am so glad I found it!
5	Incredibly cheap, chips & salsa are fresh & amazing, I've never had a complaint from anyone I've introduced to this majestic Mexican cuisine! If you want authentic Mexican food - this is your place!
4	El Norteno was a NICE surprise for me. A neighbor recommended it several times, it had marginal street appeal so I had never bothered to stop in. Their Enchilada Platter won me over and I've been back several times.Make no mistake, this place looks like a dive...and it is. GREAT Mexican food though, with quick service, reasonable prices, in a convenient location. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late nite snack, El Norteno gets the job done. Their rice and beans won't disappoint.
4	What they lack in seating and credit card acceptance they make up for in flavors and textures.Thursdays are Chile rellno special days, for $5.45 you get a chillie rellno, beans, rice, tortilla  and a small drink. A real steal but the value goes way up when you try the food as the flavors are great, rich thick red sauce, a firm texture to the rellno and rice that goes very well with their hot sauce.Note in summer it may not be great as there is ONLY outdoor seating and waiting, and they are Cash only.
5	Absolutely fantastic! Thank you for all you do! A delicious Flavor Bam all day!
5	Total dive. Cash only. No indoor seating. BEST. MEXICAN. FOOD. IN. PHOENIX.Firstly, it may be cash only but the prices are great. Just hit the freaking ATM before you go and stop whining. They have a huge menu, so large it takes up a good portion of one of the walls of the phone booth sized area you order from inside. The tortillas are so fresh they could easily go head to head with Carolina's. The red chili is by far the best I've ever had, as noted by some fellow yelpers. Don't miss their homemade taco sauce (I think they just call it hot sauce). You'll want to buy a quart to take home. Don't let the exterior fool you. This place is top notch, with very friendly staff that will take good care of you. Stop by and take it home, if you can, but once you get a whiff of it, I challenge you not to pull over and devour it before you ever get on the freeway.
5	El Norteno is still as good as it gets I tell you.
5	Some of the best Mexican food in the Valley, and prices are so affordable. Killer cheese enchilada, and the tortillas are always fresh. Be sure to get a pint of hot sauce and bag of chips to take home - the sauce is addicting.
5	The poster child for hole in the wall Mexican food. Amazing food for amazing prices. The breakfast burritos are the highlight of the menu. Their hot sauce they provide is lights out. Not too spicy but just enough kick. If you're looking for a step up from the Filibertos of the world, this is your place.
4	If your looking for real authentic mexican food than you have came to the right place.  Its in the hood but the neighborhood is up n coming.  Be prepared to wait if your going during your lunch break but it is well worth it.  My favorite item on their menu is the Salsa (to-die for)!  I love their tacos and their burritos.  Family owned and gives you that neighborhood feel to it bottom line its real mexican food! #cookiemonsterfiles
4	Cash only. My only issue.I love their red sauce. Just love it. A large bag of chips is $3 and comes with 12 oz of the sauce. A small bag is $2 and comes with 6 oz of the sauce. It's the best red sauce I've ever had.I love their carne asada, but my girlfriend doesn't like their cheese so I go myself now.
4	If you want cheesy, fried deliciousness this is the place! Although the food is heavy, you can tell it's fresh from the salsa to the pulled chicken. Some of my favorites are the chicken fundido and tamales with red sauce!  CASH ONLY FYI
5	I'm a self proclaimed Mexican food junkie. I like it all. From fancy, overpriced designer tacos to IDK if I should be eating here type of places. El Norteno if my very favorite place to get a really great AFFORDABLE meal. When I say affordable, I mean Filiberto's affordable but the food is like you'd expect from a old school restaurant. The girl that works the counter is very friendly and helpful with suggestions.I'd eat their Steak Picado plate every day of the week. Seriously. Their beans and rice are perfection. So are the tortillas. Green chile is super hot but can't be beat. The red sauce is great too. Order a side of chips and sauce!Downsides: The tiny ordering area indoors. No big deal but everyone seems to want to loiter inside making it hard to squeeze in there to place an order. I get it, it's hot out but c'mon y'all, be considerate and let others in to order. There is a small window on the outside you can use but it's usually used to pass out the orders. The sketchy outdoor eating area. It just doesn't look clean. We always take our food to go and head over to a park to enjoy our food. Other than that... BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN PHOENIX. Period.
5	One of the best Mexican food restaurants I ever have been to All my friends and family have gone here since early 80's, I live in Los Angeles now and miss the true real deal that El Norteno has. I have three place I consider the "best" and this one of the three. One of the Three are closed now sorry to say. When I visit Phoenix we always stop by for Lunch or Dinner. Wish that Los Angeles some how can pick up there flavors compared to Phoenix.
5	I go to this hole in the wall at least a couple times a month and they are almost 20 miles from my home, and i don't know why i have not YELP them by now.  i guess i want to keep it my secret, but it is only fair to them to let every one know how good they are.  I have been going to this place for over 20 years  they sell great food at a great value. THEY MAKE THE BEST GREEN CHILI BURRO (and it is only bout $5 for their Monday special including a drink)   even if you don't go on a Monday you must go and try it.  i have tried other things like the tacos, but i all ways find my self going back for the green burro.   it is really nice that i can go there and Lisa know exactly what i order.   THIS IS ONE OF THOSE PLACES THAT YOU SHOULD REWARD WITH YOUR BUSINESS.One other thing i think it is great that they only accept cash, and have not passed the cost of credit cards on to those of us that dont.   keep up the great job......
1	This spot was close to where I was staying and this was no where near a 4 star, no chips with your food, the rice sucks the beans are ehhh, the asada was really really dry at 7pm on a Thursday with a big line, the food either needed salt or was overly drenched in bland guac or salsa. Living in L.A. I guess spoiled me with real Mexican food. And hey my gf and I are both crop dusting and making friends with the toilet
1	After a long day of driving I was so hoping the 4 star reviews would not steer me wrong.  From rice and beans to burrito or tacos the food was bland or over spiced that you could not tolerate the taste. Skip if you have a choice.
5	Wow!  Passed by this place for years and did not realize why there was always a line of people.  Lunch special is the way to go.  Hot, fresh  and really good.   CASH ONLY.
5	i try and go to the mom and pop place every time i take the 25 min drive from west phoenix area, and i must say they have never disappointed me.   We like them so much we have include their food in or holiday party for the past 5+ years. Today i picked up our holiday order, and Lisa is allways a charm, keep up the good work, and food.We need more places like this.
3	This was my old neighborhood.  My friend talked me into trying their burritos.  I first tried their red chili. It was salty and the sauce too thick. . I did like their skin . Their was plenty of sauce and meat. Also tried their green burritos . It had too much cumin and again the sauce was too thick. Meat was a little dry . I did like their macaco and egg . Their chips were nice and fresh
