5	If you take beer seriously, Brawley's is really the only place you'd want to be seen buying brew.  Beers from around the globe all smashed into a tiny little building.  The owner is more than willing to help you find a beer to fit your taste.  One thing that really pleases me about this place is their supply of Bell's.  Most beer stores south of the Mason-Dixon think that Oberon is the only beer than Bell's has to offer the world.  And oh, how wrong they are.Beer drinkers of all types can discover something new at Brawley's.  Do Charlotte a favor and support this small business.
5	I'm not over here often enough to hit Brawley's as often as I'd like, but I'll make the trip to pick up special occasion beverages or if in need of a keg of good beer at an affordable price. After touring the walk in fridge to see what was in stock keg-wise, dude claimed he could get pretty much anything, given a few days notice. Awesome.Also pulled out his last bottle of Brooklyn Black Ops to (brag about) show us. He then quickly re-stashed it behind the counter.This is a beer cave, complete with dark corners, mysterious brews, and an old doggy. Not open late (7pm every day 'cept Sunday, when they close at 5) but worth making the time after work to swing by-- great wine selection and seriously impressive bottles of beer from all over the world, reasonably priced. Some may think $20 bottles of heifeweizen are over the top. Me, I'd rather put it on my Christmas list, knowing that it can, at least, be gotten somewhere in the Queen city.We were told to grab a free glass on the way out, which was a nice touch (we'd only dropped about $20). I'd have probably bought it anyway, since the collection of glasses is reasonably priced and diverse: flutes, pilsners, cute pints from around the states and globe (Ska Brewing, huzzah!).As their site says: "By necessity we sell the bigger corporate brands, but in a perfect world we would not." You can pick up some Heineken here, if need be, but there's far better choices to be had.
5	Mike Brawley runs a first-class small business operation.  His selection is unparalleled in Charlotte, and his expertise is second-to-none!He's prone to throwing something in for free, and he's quick to offer suggestions if you're not sure which beer to try next.His laid-back attitude, "Don't worry about paying for the ice, just give it to me next time." is a great treat.Great business, great owner, great beer.  Support your local small businesses... our neighborhoods depend on it!
5	Like Park Road Books, just a few blocks away across the street and on the other side of Woodlawn, Brawley's is a great independent store that is loaded with personality.  Mike and other staff are super- friendly, and rarely miss the mark on wine recommendations.  Smaller selection than stores like Total Wine, and I do not know how the prices compare, but the personalized advice, being greeted and assisted by folks who take an interest in your experience with the wines and beers, and the friendly, unique atmosphere make this the first choice for wine in the Park Road/ central Charlotte area.
5	Best beer store in Charlotte, largest selection and the owner, Mike Brawley, is almost always there to help you navigate the plethora of choices.  Mike is also passionate about wine and can help you find something new to try, trust his judgment.  Mike has done a great job lately, he always has the largest selection of NC brewers in charlotte - Highlands, Catawaba, OMB, etc.  Mike also does a great job bringing in some of the finest belgian beers in the world, things that have no business in Charlotte - Cantillon, Drie Fonteinen, Rochefort, St. Bernardus, etc.  If you appreciate fine craft beer this should be you first stop.
5	After hearing so much about Brawleys on Beer advocate, I decided that I would give it a shot. My first impression (before I walked in), was that this place looks too small to have a wide variety of craft beers. Boy was I mistaken!!Brawleys is packed with all kinds of craft beers. The organization is a bit random, but it gives you a reason to carefully look over all of their options.Mike is definately very helpful and willing to make suggestions. On my first visit he let me pick a free piece of glassware from his large selection. I will definately be a repeat customer... This is by far the best beer store in Charlotte.
5	If I am purchasing beer or wine I go to Brawley's.  The owner/proprietor has always been friendly and helpful when I have shopped there and his suggestions are normally on the mark when I have been looking for something specific.  The store is small, but there is beer and wine all over the store stacked high with a freezer in the back with more selections.  I find the prices to be on par with most high end beer or wine sellers and there is usually something good that is a dollar or two off per bottle.  I mainly go to support local business and because of the expertise and the selection available.  For me the store is only a few miles away so it is my local choice for beer and wine in South Charlotte.  The only negative I would say is the hours of the store; the hours are only 12 pm to 7 pm so the window is short if you want to get something.  I would also note that Brawley's is not a beer distributor in terms of place where there are rows of coolers full of bud light or miller.  They do have both, but that is not their market in general.
4	Glad I took the small detour to head over here today.  It was a solid 4, maybe a 4.5.  Sorry, I couldn't give it 5 stars.  I think I've been spoiled with Charleston Beer Exchange and The Vintage Cellar.  Why is it not a 5 for me?  The number of selection.  While there was a small number of beers that I couldn't find in Charleston, there was still a lot more that I could.  The quality of the selection was decent enough, but not 5 star for me.  The owner was pretty cool, once he got away from talking to the hoards of people lined up talking to him.  That's probably a good thing though, because he knew a lot of the people coming in.  The owner asked us if it was our first time there, which it was, and he said go ahead and take any glass you want.  I double checked to make sure if I heard him right and he said yep.  So, that was a cool added bonus for coming in.  I'll definitely have to stop by next time I come up this way.
5	Best beer store in Charlotte, hands down. Like wine? Talk to Mike's mom who is always there! Mr. Brawley and Baby Brawley can be found in the store all the time too, just being friendly and talking about beer. This family's got a passion for the liquid stuff!A great selection of cold and warm, you can find any beer here (or a good reason why it's not here, like why Troeg's can't be found in NC at all!). A great family owned establishment that really boasts the most brews in the Charlotte-area - what's not to love about this place?
5	I would like to make sweet, boozy love to Brawley's Beverage.Not only do they have a fantastic selection of specialty brews but they keep an eye on what's coming on the market and get it right away. Plus, you can always have a great beer geek-out with whichever friendly face is behind the counter. Price-wise they are about comparable so why the heck wouldn't you check them out?!
5	If you want beer, this is the place to go. The only place in Charlotte that I've found that comes close to their selection is the Common Market.Mike is constantly getting new types of beer in and even after a few visits will remember what type of beer you like and steer you in the direction of the newest beer of that type he's discovered.  If you don't know what type of beer you like he will walk through the store with you asking you what you like in a beer and make suggestions to you. Then he will make suggestions on beers that are similar to what you like so you can try new types of beer. HIs suggestions are almost always delicious and he always asks how you liked it the next time you come in the store.If you want wine then talk to his mother. Mother and son are very knowledgeable about the drinks they sell.Brawley's is a little more expensive that going to Total Wine or Harris Teeter but really only a little. The personal interaction, great selection, and ability to spend local are completely worth the dollar.
1	I'm quite the beer snob, and Brawley's has a great selection, but I just can't bring myself to support this establishment at all. The owner was incredibly arrogant, and actually refused to sell me three kegs of beer (one of them was a pretty rare variety, but I was still planning on dropping about $500 on beer in one afternoon at his store) and his comment to me was "Sorry, I can't sell this to you, because I have to save it for my 'GOOD' customers"  What was especially frustrating was the owner of the Brewery had told me to contact Brawley's, and emailed them as well, telling Mike that I'd be coming by for a specific keg.I was shocked and horrified.  I do a lot of event planning for big parties, etc.  Unfortunately, I will NEVER purchase beer from this place again.  I'll stick to Tom at the Common Market, and the great staff at Total Wine & More (Matthews location) for my beer purchases from now on.
5	This place puts Total Wine and common market to shame. The people here are honest, friendly and real. Awesome hard to finds great wines and plenty to keep you busy for a while. Visited here for the first time yesterday. Wish I wouldve visited earlier. Great selections great prices and great people. Perfect combination. I will definitely be back again and again.
5	Brawley's has a wide selection of beer. They have wine too but didn't have a chance to check it out. Went in there to get some craft beer for a Christmas present and was impressed by selection available. Real nice and helpful staff. Will go back soon!
1	I absolutely hate to post negative reviews but honestly had one of the worst retail experiences ever at this place today. We went to Brawley's - at the recommendation of a friend (AND my husband who used to frequent the place when he lived nearby) - to find a limited release beer and were treated incredibly rudely. Essentially the message was that since we were not "regular" customers who "feed my kids" (direct quote), we were not welcome. It was one of the strangest, most insulting experiences I've ever had. I completely respect a message like, "I'm sorry, but the limited release is already reserved by existing customers"...instead, we heard, "I've got 12 bottles left but why would I sell one to you?" I was shaking when I left. That's just horrible customer service, and I will never return.
5	Been going here on the reg for 6+ years, from out of state.The skinni:  Mike Brawley is King Beer in Charlotte.  Brawley's is the best beer store, and the best service, in town.  Don't go here for the selection alone, go here to get treated like the awesome person Mike knows you are.Let me just add this anecdote, which I am absolutely not making up or embellishing in any way:Several years ago, before I know Mike as well as I do now, I was in Charlotte with a female friend, buying beer at Brawley's when we realized she had locked her keys in her car.  Damnation!  Triple-aaah was going to take an hour to get there with a locksmith.  Mike Brawley asked if we had eaten, and when we said no, he INSISTED we take his PERSONAL TRUCK out and get supper, which we did, at Moosehead.  When we got back, the scrawney, ill-kempt locksmith showed up, popped the door in a frighteningly short amount of time, and all was well in Charlotte.I really can't recommend the place enough.  Don't bother going if you have entitlement syndrome or if you are simply trying to snap up large quantity of limited release beers to sell on Ebay, as Mike is pretty sharp about such things.Oh, and:  LONG LIVE BOO BRAWLEY!
5	Bushwhacking through shops, chain stores and other local establishments for the right brew isn't all that hard. Allocating the brew that suits your taste buds at a precise moment in time is an art form. Enter Brawley's. Mike is a beer savant. A true master of stocking shelves in a disheveled building off of Park Rd to make it into a beer-lover's dream come true. It's small, packed, choc of bloc filled with kegs, sixers, coolers packed to the brim, beer on top of things, and so on. There is method to this madness and it all starts with Mike. He'll give you the rundown and show you the true, underlying magic of this malty toy store. Not sure what you're in the mood for? Mike knows what you're after. He's the most approachable guy I've met in a long time. The kind of guys you just want to know, kick back at a barbeque with and tell old stories with. A real man's man. The selection is incredible. Tons upon tons of local and craft brews. Heavy Seas, Terrapin, and North Coast are a few of my favs that he carries. Looking forward to venturing out into the unknown and landing on my feet, thanks to Brawley's!I love that this shop is in the QC!
5	It's a shame that I have lived in Charlotte for four years and I have now just visited Brawleys. Bad beer snob I am. I called about picking up some Southern Tier PumKing and was told they could hold one for me. When I arrived the lady remembered my voice, which was a pleasant surprise. She could also tell I was a new customer due to how wide my eyes got when I entered the store. She gave me a little tour, asked me which style of beer I prefer. Once I told her IPA's are my favorite she showed me a lot that sell like hot cakes that I should check out. I then had the pleasure of speaking with Mike about ordering beer from out of state, which he told me was a possibility. The store is deceivingly small with an ample supply of great micro brews. The service was very friendly and I look forward to returning and trying some of those IPA's. Mike also informed me that I will NOT shop at Total Wine anymore, and he is right. I doubt I return back to Total Wine.
5	Great selection, always something new!  Michael runs a tight local brew store.  He can steer your toward something novel for you, even after years of drinking micros.  Michael can get rare bottles, ones that no other store in the area can find, and treats his faithful customers well.  What more do you want in a beer store?
4	Hello friendsIn my search for kegs for multiple parties (at home and away), we come here. Among two other places. It's another type place about 75 feet away. Unlike That place, the prices are on display for the world to see. Posting prices gives confidence that everyone pays the same price. (Hint hint) Brawleys has a lot of good product packed in this tight place. 100 deposit for keg & Tap. If you have your own keg or tap the price changes. As in you won't have to pay that darn deposit. I like it!!TTFN
5	A great selection of some of the best Belgian beers you can drink (Lots of other stuff including hard to find specialties, but I come for the diverse triple/quadruple selection). This shop is heaven for someone who likes their beer 9-12%ABV and in a corked bomber with yeasty sediment swirling on the bottom. So. Much. Excellent. Beer.
5	My Go To place for bottled beer.  They have all my favorites and there is always something new that I haven't tried yet.  The staff is helpful and friendly and are great with suggestions.
4	After all these years I finally was at the right place and had the time to pop in here.  Certainly this place is a beer lover's delight but they also carry a wine selection for those that would rather take home some vino.  The interior is simple in design and the beer is shelved in order of the style of beer.  Whether that is an IPA, Stout or brown ale you'll find plenty here to go through and make a selection.  Interestingly enough, they are in the process of building an outdoor patio and expanding the interior to include taps, etc.  That will be awesome once its' complete.For now, the parking is limited and tricky at best.
5	My 400th review needs to be for a special place, and Brawley's Beverage fills the bill.I ate lunch at JJ's Red Hots, and headed toward South Park Mall. On the way, I spotted Brawley's Beverage on the right, so I hit the brakes and hung a hard right. Brawley's has been on my go to list for a long, long time. The parking lot was cordoned off for sidewalk and building construction. There was a "dude" standing there talking to a Hispanic worker in fluent Spanish. I inquired as to whether Brawley's was open or not. He said, "just a minute, and I'll open it for you!" O-M-G.Turns out the "dude" was Mike Brawley - one of the nicest guys that I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He opened the store and basically said, "make yourself at home," and left to speak with the construction crew. Lord knows that my credit card is in grave danger when I enter a beer and wine shop, especially one that is as well stocked with microbrews as Brawley's. I have never seen so much FANTASTIC beer in one place. This is a beer lover's paradise. I asked Mike if he had any Founder's KBS, Kentucky Breakfast Stout, which is a 100/100 rated beer, and he said that he would check. Turns out that he didn't have any squirreled away, but then no one has any of this limited edition bourbon barrel aged product. Mike felt bad about not having the KBS, so he hooked me up with one bottle of a beer which is as impossible to find as KBS, and nearly as highly rated. I could tell you what that beer was, but then I'd have to kill you. Hint: Scotch Ale aged in bourbon barrels. 96/100. 10.20 ABV.I looked through the aisles and found the following gems:2 bottles of Tusker lager from Kenya. I have been looking for Tusker beer since, 1985, when I was in my Out of Africa phase. This is just OK beer, but it is what is served to people on safari in Kenya - and I wanted to sample it at least once in my lifetime. Scratch that one off the bucket list. 3 bottles of Great Divide Brewing, Yeti Imperial Stout. 94/100. 9.5 ABV.3 bottles of Great Divide Brewing, Yeti Oatmeal Imperial Stout. 93/100. 9.5 ABV.3 bottles of Stone Brewing, Russian Imperial Stout. (Good stuff!) 97/100. 10.5 ABV.12 cans of Dale's Pale Ale. 88/100, 6.5 ABV. Crisp, clean, and refreshing. (I met with the Oskar Blues brewery rep. in Hickory two weeks ago for a tasting of all their products. Dale's Pale Ale was my favorite. Oskar Blues Brewing, Colorado, recently opened a brew facility in Brevard. The rep. stated that North Carolina's water is purer than Colorado's.) Brawley's is expanding their business to add a glassed in area, and an outdoor seating area with a hibachi. This is going to be one CHILL place when they are finished with construction. In the meantime, DON'T park next door at the neighboring beverage shop. The owner frowns upon this. I actually moved my car to the parking lot behind that shop, and parked next to Mike's truck. You have been warned!Brawley's has a GREAT selection of microbrews of all styles, from many different countries - Belgium, Germany, etc., and from America's greatest breweries. There is a huge cooler that has ICE COLD Dale's Pale Ale, growlers, and other assorted beers. There is several types of wine available. I really want to buy some nice beer glasses, and Brawley's has glasses of every type, size, and shape. They even have the large, dimpled, Oktoberfest German beer mugs. I WANT ONE!Brawley's Beverage is known as the grand daddy of beer purveyors in Charlotte, and I can see why. I was basically blown away by their kindness to me, and by the world class selection. Stop by Brawley's Beverage and say hello to Mike. If you like beer, he is someone you need to know.
4	The oldest bottle shop in Charlotte and also conveniently located in south Charlotte
5	Don't hand out too many 5s but Beasley's definitely gets one. Went here after the recommendations of some people from beer advocate. Mike definitely hooked me up. Recommended a few local hits, and gave me a bottle for free! Also hooked me up with a not to be named beer which is extremely hard to find. Maybe he's loyal to beer advocates, but if even a fraction of this customer service is extended to everyone else he's easily one of the best stores there is, and not just in NC.
5	I have always loved Brawley's but they have outdone themselves. I was needing some help in securing a keg for an upcoming event and was told there was a shortage in the beer I wanted, the owner bent over backwards trying to make sure he could accommodate us. I posted a note on my Facebook page praising Brawley's and dozens of friends posted about other similar experiences that they had with Brawley's. Gotta love good customer service!!!
1	Horrible customer service!!! I heard that they had received their Great Lakes Christmas Ale shipment today so I went to purchase some on my lunch hour. I was told I was "not a regular" and therefore was "not able to purchase any". She then hesitantly offered to sell me 1 bottle. Not one 6 pack but ONE bottle. What on earth am I going to do with 1 bottle of beer?! I was also told that this seasonal beer from my hometown would not be on the floor and would "only be sold to regulars". I would have become a "regular" had they sold me the beer since I noticed they had an awesome array of choices. I will never return and will be sure to share my first and last experience with family and friends.
1	I tried to purchase a particular beer and I was told that they would not sell to me because I'm not a "regular". I would've very likely become one if I'd received any type of customer service at all. Unfortunately for this arrogant owner, he seems to believe that it's good business sense to alienate people for attempting to patronize his business. I will never, ever go back.
5	Why oh why did I wait 4 years to give Brawley's Beverage a try?My husband and I took our in-laws (who were visiting from out of state) to Brawley's on the day after Thanksgiving. Our original plan was to brewery hop, but all of our favorite breweries were super crowded -so we decided to go pick up a few of our favorite local beers from a local retailer to drink at home. When we got to Brawley's we were pleasantly surprised that they recently added a bar with several taps of the owner's favorite beer! We bought a few bottles of some interesting-sounding IPAs and then sampled a few of the brews they had on tap. There are 3 -4 tables set up near the bar with comfortable chairs and a nice view of Park Road. We loved the atmosphere and the personalized customer service we received from the owner. We were charmed by the fact that his mother was helping him decorate his store for Christmas while he was busy answering our questions about different breweries and beer varieties; these are the types of things that make me proud to support local businesses.If you haven't been to Brawley's give it a try, you will be pleased with their diverse beer selection and even more pleased with the quality customer service you'll receive.Shopping local and drink happy, my friends!
5	Mike Brawley is the beer/wine expert of south Charlotte. I like to play a game where I say what I'm looking for - hoppy/smooth/lite or dark/dry/nutty - and he makes a perfect recommendation. I'm fairly tough on customer service. He's excellent every time.
5	I first visited Brawley's when I was in town visiting. At the time, the store was in the middle of renovations. Despite the chaos and clutter, I was impressed by the selection of beer and the helpful service. Since moving to Charlotte at the end of the summer, I've gone to nearly all of the other bottle shops in town, and none have come close to Brawley's, especially now that the renovations are complete and the taps are flowing. Mr. Brawley knows his stuff, and his recommendations are spot-on. I always appreciate how he keeps customers in the loop through social media. Be sure to like the store's Facebook page so that you can stalk all of the new beer arrivals.Brawley's is a little bit of a hike for me, but it's worth it every time.
1	Too bad Mike was intolerant of loud laughter during busy hours, to the point that we were asked to leave. We dropped no f-bombs or had any cursing whatsoever. It was pure laughter. What a shame. I have purchased many beers here but was a first-time draft drinking patron. We were chastised for laughing too loud for goodness sake. For this reason I will not be back. Period.
