5	At first glance, King Tut looks terrible, run down and uninteresting. However, I try not to judge the book by its cover...and being raised in Philadelphia kinda inspired my love for dives...This was definitely a dive bar, but dive with attitude. No food is definitely a bummer (I think a couple of bar food options would have sufficed), but then again, adds to the atmoshere.The interior is run down, but reasonably clean. Bartenders are not surly, but not overly talkative either. Drinks are cheap for Las Vegas standards but selection is not all that. For imports, Amstel is the best it got pretty much as far as beers go. Bloody Mary was yummy.Clientele consists of many bikers and old school alterna crew (punksters, mahawks, some chains, etc.). They do have bands play on the weekend and these are usually good to drink to--full of soul and rock and roll, not too heavy and not too light--just the right music to keep the mood going and drinks flowing...Shuffleboard and Juke Box are definitely a plus. These are also of the "older, divey-bar kind" and not the shiny brand new kind. I like it this way though as it keeps the atmosphere going.Overall, I'm surprised how much I enjoyed my night at King Tut's. I'll come here again to drink my night away and play some shuffleboard and juke box!!!
4	This little bar has a great vibe. This is the first bar that I've gone to  for Open Mic. So it holds a special place in my heart. ha. It's a dive but has a great atmosphere. The bartenders are great. The sound guy, Jay, rocks. Pool, darts, poker. The usual. Drinks aren't that bad either.
4	I have a confession to make... I'm a bar game freak ! Give me a night in a run down pub with bar games over a night in a ritzy club any day of the week. Bonus points for bars with the more obscure (but awesome!) games like shuffleboard. Don't expect to find a happening spot here - but this place is decidedly free of hipsters, cool kids, or pricey drinks. Fine by me !Drinks were pretty cheap ($3 for beers, $4.50 for cocktails) and the bartender was crazy nice. Both important factors, but I was here for the bar games and what a bad ass line up they have!*Darts - tons of boards, steel tip, with nice dry erase score boards*Pool table -small dive bar style, $1 to play*Shuffleboard - table was in decent shape, free unless you want the electronic score board.*Golden Tee*Bubble Hockey -looked like fucked up foosball to meOverall a great place for us bar game dive bar hounds.
3	Solid Dive bar. No food, very dark, and a sign in the front entrance that tells bikers not to wear their "colors" -- gives it that extra dangerous feel. Bands on the weekends. Sarcastic bartenders will trade barbs with you all day or night. Grab some tacos next door (try the cabeza) and go back for more drinks. Enjoyed many a last stop here with my boy Dahmer, and was never disappointed.
