4	Great choice near the Charlotte airport.  Clean, comfy beds - new and/or well maintained facility - delicious breakfast, and reasonably priced for all that you get.  Fortunately at HS you can get dinner, which is necessary here because there isn't that much too choose from nearby.
4	Great value!  10 minutes from airport. Rooms are nicely appointed. Breakfast is great! One of the best free ones I've had. Service was excellent...friendly but not too intrusive. I'll be back.
4	I agree with other reviewers that this is a great value. I stayed here for 6 days during a recent work trip and because I have stayed at other Homewoods in the past. Each room us a suite equipped with a small kitchen, living room and bedroom. The beds are very comfortable with plenty of pillows. There is also a TV in each room. There is a workout room with a couple of ellipticals and treadmills with TVs on each. I love that. Breakfast is free and also they have a featured dinner with free beer and wine. I don't typically eat the dinner but like to bring a glass of wine back to the room. I believe they also do a free shuttle to the airport but I had a rental car. The only thing I found annoying was that there were only like 8 hangers. Being there for a week, it would have been nice to have more to hang my pressed work clothes on. Other than that, this place is a wonderful place to stay.
4	Hotel is clean, comfortable, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We had a few issues with our room but the front desk receptionist was very quick to relocate us to another room to remedy these issues. The hotel is an older hotel, but it is obvious that they are working hard to renovate it. Great job Homewood Suites Charlotte Airport
5	Microwave popcorn and a DVD player in my suite's living room. Ceramic tea cups in the lobby coffee stand. Neutrogena soaps. After 3 weeks in small towns, I feel like I'm in heaven.
5	This place was AWESOME!!!  I had no idea what to expect traveling here late last night and my husband booked the hotel. They were full when we got here, so upgraded us to a suite.  The room was spotless! The beds were so comfortable we all said we've never slept so well in a hotel.  The employee's were all very friendly and helpful and the morning breakfast was very good.  All this at a very reasonable price.  We will definitely be staying here again when we come back to Charlotte.
2	So so.  It was the smaller things that SHOUTED "cheap & low quality"Crappy hair dryer.  Holes burned in comforter.  Ratty toilet seat.  Stayed one night in 2 bedroom unit.  Liked the layout - 2 bedrooms - each with a bathroom.  Living room and kitchen between.
5	You never know what you expect when traveling for a living.  I have never book a room at a Homewood Suites hotel before this visit.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I've stayed in suite hotels before but this was different.  The rooms were huge, comfortable, and nicely decorated.  The hotel was much better than expected considering the on line rating.  I'll be looking for Homewood Suites in the future.
5	I got stranded in Charlotte after missing my connecting flight to DC.  I had had long day of traveling and dealing with cranky airline people.  At 1 am I took a cab to the Homewood Suites and I have to say, I don't think I have ever met a nicer, more welcoming person than Tare, the front desk manager.  He got me right into a room, and a few hours later, when I had to wake up and get back to the airport, he made sure I had hot coffee and a cab waiting!  The rooms were really nice and clean, I could see it being very convenient for people who had to stay for extended periods of time.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
