4	My neighborhood drycleaners is one of the first things I thought about yelping.These guys have it right. If you live within three miles, you can sign up for a burgandy bag with your name and address on it, and link it up to a credit card. Thats right, I literally drop off my laundry or drycleaning in that bag and it comes delivered in a few days on my front porch. No fumbling around for tickets, no running to pick up dry cleaning before they close. If that wasn't reason enough to go there, they send ten dollar off coupouns in the mail about every month!! I adore these cleaners and thank them for keeping me in clean pressed clothes.
4	I love how quick they are and their coupons.  I don't take a ton of stuff to the dry cleaners but when I do this is where I go.  A friend made the recommendation to start coming here.  I've signed up for their email coupons and have been going since.  A service I'm interested in but haven't tried is the pickup and delivery service they have.  It seems very convenient.  I'm sure if you're a busy person living on the South side of town this would be very beneficial.   We will continue to do business with them because of how reasonable their prices are an how quickly they get things done.
2	I dropped off shoes to be fixed, pants to be hemmed, and a costume dress that needed to be shortened. The pants and shoes were fine, but the dress is now a sweater!!! Can't use it on Halloween now, and I'm going to need to get another last minute costume. I also overheard another customer complaining about her costume not being ready on time while I was waiting. Fast service, but even when having quick service you need to have the items right!!!
4	I was in town just for the weekend (who does that for Vegas, anyway?), and needed to get some work clothes cleaned as I was going on the road again from here without stopping home.  Clothes were done on time (I left them overnight), was able to use a coupon for their already reasonable rates, and they were cleaned as well as I could expect.So here's why I was impressed enough to write a review:One of my shirts had a cuff a button that cracked and I remember thinking what a pain that was and when was I going to have time to sew a new one (or remember to ask the cleaner to do it for me while they're at it).  Well, I didn't remember to ask and I was surprised to find that the button was replaced for me without my mentioning it!  That's some attention to detail that you rarely see.
5	Awesome.. If you are ever in a jam the will hook you up.. They are the best
4	They do a great job but are a little pricey. Their customer service is wonderful though! I brought a pair if pants to be hemmed, and they turned out perfect except I told them the wrong length! So I had to bring them back, dreading paying for it twice. Without me having to say a word they didn't charge me anything! They didn't even blink over my silly mistake. That will keep me coming back. You are good to me, I will be good to you!
5	Quick, easy, friendly service, and got a 30% coupon from Yelp just for checking in. Very recommended!
2	I always have great service here but they messed up my order and did not have it available at expectation date.
5	My new spot ;)
