1	Forgive me if this seems a little harsh. But I really did not have a good experience with Concentra.  With a workman's comp injury and having to have several appointments , I found that the majority of their doctors are just there to work 8 hours and then there are a few who actually care about their patients. It is great to be able to make an appt at any time of the day. HOWEVER if you make an appointment they should have doctors see you around that appointment time. EVEN with an appointment I spent at least 2 -3 hours in the waiting room .FRUSTRATING!Some of the front office staff is rude.  Getting a call back on referrals is extremely difficult.  I had a broken bone and was told to take advil.  Not my idea of care.
1	Was in Vegas.  Enjoying the sights and sounds of this amazing city.  Suddenly after dinner the GF had a terrible stomach ache.  She didn't look well.  Asked the hotel if there was an after hours doctor.  They pointed us to Concentra, so the horror began.We arrived at the 3rd world facility.  People there were a bit scary.  Right in front was a placard w/ prices.  $98 to see a dr.  $149 for tests.   Thankfully they accepted health insurance.  We put our name down to see a dr.It was then we noticed really upset lady.  She said she had been there since 5pm.  It was currently 9pm.  She was waiting for the Dr to give her her perscription.An hour goes by, nothing.  Another goes by nothing.  I get annoyed and ask the nurse repeatedly what is going on.  In this time two other patients give up and leave.  One tells me that the typical wait here is 3hrs.  My gf was in pain.  Didn't want to see what happened tomorrow.Long story short.  They only have one dr there at a time.  So they are terribly overworked.  Dr is the one writing the report.  He was also the one calling other facilities.  He was also doing google searches for symptoms.  He was a one man show.  We didn't get out till 1:30am.  a 4.5hr wait.  I'm never going there again.
1	I wish I could give them 0 stars if I could...This medical center is a joke. The front desk girl does not even know what the hell she is doing. She looks like a high school student that didn't even graduate or learn anything about pre-med. So, my mother made sure 3 times on the phone before I went to see how much a physical examination would cost. They specifically said $25 and my mom made sure that was not just a sports physical but also a regular physical examination would cost that much. However, when I drive all the way there which took me 30 minutes to get down there, the front desk girl tells me it is $62 and I am mad because I feel like they lied to me the whole time. I complain a little just to let them know what they did wrong but the front girl just stares at me blankly not knowing what to do or what to say. This is one of the worst medical centers I've been to. I suggest going to another medical center cause these people seem clueless.
1	Wow, this was terrible. I went  here on a Sunday afternoon even though I read the reviews on Yelp so I will take part of the blame.  However, I was in a lot of pain and this "urgent" care was the closest.  I didn't have an appointment but it took me 2 hours and 30 minutes just to get called back to a room.  Then I waited another full hour in the room before I saw the doctor. By the time I got everything else done it was 5 hours! Not so urgent at all.  To top the entire experience off, they misdiagnosed me and sent me to the ER where I spent another 5 hours and a ton of money for no reason.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE.The only reason they are in business is because all the casinos send their workers comp cases.
1	Front desk staff is rude. Poor service. Avoid at all costs.Came in with an on the job injury to my hand and they told me they wouldn't see me until I filled out the paperwork... all 3 pages...  after I reminded them that I injured my hand and asked if they could help they accused me of being drunk.On top of this they couldnt figure out how to code my paperwork eventually saying there was nothing they could do. They were more interested in using their cellphones than helping patients. Rude beyond belief and incompetent. This spot is a must avoid.
1	I wish I could give nagtive stars!!!! Please stay away from this place.  I went there 20 days ago.  The doctor gave me a prescription that lasted 3 days.  At that time they drew blood and was told that the results will be sent to my primary care physician within a week.  I just called today inquiring about my lab results as my doctor has not received it.  The person on the phone acted like i was bothering him and told me, without even looking at my records, that it normally takes up to 1 month to get lab results.  i then asked if he could at least look, was agitated by this some how, and said that he does not have time to look right now but took my name and number and said that someone will call me when they can get to it.Absolutely absurd!!!
1	Don't go. Smells like turd Popsicles and the service blows more than the hookers on the nearby corner
4	Friendly Desk reps. Coffee n Biscuits
4	Expected long wait times. Duh that's a given. The people up front were EHHHHH. That's why I couldn't give y'all asses 5 stars. But the lady who said my watch was cool was actually nice. Doctor was cool too, very nice guy. It was clean I guess. Whatever, it's an urgent care. And it's 24 hours. Hey.
4	Please note that I went to this location for a new employment required physical and drug test without an appointment.  The 4 stars are for the staff--everyone I encountered was friendly and knowledgeable, and made sure to get all my paperwork taken care of.  They told me what to expect in a wait time, which was 2.5 hours.  In all I was out of there within that time frame, which is about what I expected from an urgent care that also does employment stuff and is open 24/7.  Yes, wait was long, but shorter than expected.  I can't comment on cost since the bill was sent to my future employer.  The location is dated but clean, and everyone used proper sterile procedures with gloves.
4	I was recently in a vehicular accident where I was rear ended. I came here to be examined by the physician. The wait, is probably like most offices, exceptionally long.Once the wait was over, I had to do a pee test, the M.A., Tamicka, was very sweet, kind, funny and saucy. She made what would have been a boring visit to the office a little more enjoyable. I asked her how long it would take for the Dr to see me, and she asked, "Why? Got somewhere to be???" in a joking manner. I told her that I was hungry and had not eaten all day long. She was kind enough to supply me with water and cheese crackers. Very sweet woman.The Dr was quick, to the point, and friendly.I have to do Therapy this Monday. I was already frustrated that I was there for two hours, but the physical therapist, Brad, was quick and brief and considerate about my need to want to leave. I honestly hate Drs officers and PT, but everyone here was warm and welcoming.
1	I really wish I could give them no stars!this is the worse place you could possibly go to.i went in for a dot physical,waited 8 hrs.they kept taking people in before me,that arrived many hours after I arrived.they made me feel like I was a inconveince to them.they are super expensive and don't take my insurance,but I needed my dot and I didn't know other places to go,at the time.stay away,you've been warned
1	I was sent here by the medical staffing company I had accepted a contract assignment with. I had to get a drug screen, pre employment physical, labs drawn for testing, PPD and mask fit test.I waited nearly an hour to be called in to 'start' the process. They were not able to draw blood after two attempts. And I  left a few hours later with only part of the process completed. I gladly went elsewhere to complete the process.The facility staff only had a lukewarm attitude toward the people waiting to be seen.As a healthcare professional I know this facility can and should offer better service.
1	Negative star! This place is the last place you want to go. I went there to get my lab results, they had me wait for 2 hrs just to tell me my labs aren't ready and i had to come back!
4	I don't know why there are so many bad reviews! Came in Saturday night 930 from horrible flu and asthma issues. Got out at 11pm, I love the doctor I saw! They got me in and out :) thanks concentra!!
4	"Expect to be treated like a sub human by the "doctors". Don't bother even trying to tell them how you feel because they have already decided for you. Reams of paperwork, which they don't even look at. It's definitely a business, not a place for your well being." I am happy to have to amend this review. Although my first experience was awful, and I dreaded going back, I have to say every appointment since then has been good. They are efficient, and helpful and I have been seeing Dr. Schwartz and he has been very professional and actually listened to me and asked questions. The physical therapy people are great!
1	I would give it 0 stars but the computer won't let me.....I was told it would take 3 hours when I checked in at 8pm. It's now 1am and they put me in an examination room 2 hours ago and suddenly two emergencies came in. I thought you where supposed to call 911 in an emergency and not come here!I guess it's lucky they have the market cornered on DOT exams and drug screens because if they had competition no one would choose to come here and they would close for lack of business.A short edit I have now been in the examination room for one hour and they even closed the door so they won't have to look at my pissed of face.We sorely need a new DOT physical and drug screen place in Las Vegas until then this place will never change it's lack of service or get extra help to make wait times shorter.
1	I had a follow up appointment here at 1:00. I was called back around 1 and they took my blood pressure then told to go back to waiting room until a room opened. At 1:15 I asked front desk how long it would be because I had to work that day.  She looked at the files and said there were 7 appointments a head of me!!! 7!!!! Why even make an appointment if you can not see the patient somewhere close to their appointment time??? Not only did I waste my time but wasted gas driving there for nothing!
1	I came in here at 2am to be seen for a horrendous sore throat that hadn't been letting up for a few days. After being there for 3 hours, the doctor told me I was suffering from post-nasal drip, and there was nothing to help me. I ended up calling in sick to work the next day, and at 10am called my PCP. Thankfully, I was told to come in right away. Upon being seen by him, he took one good look at my throat, told me I had a bad case of bronchitis and laryngitis, gave me a 3 day Z-pack, and I started to feel better just hours later.Thanks for nothing, Concentra. Including wasting my money for no actual services received!
1	The service is horrible.  I went to get my second round of the Hep B vaccine.  I arrived at 7:10 am there were only two people there when I arrived.  The girl told me to sign in and have a seat so I did. 25 minutes later she calls me up and tells me I have to fill out paperwork again even though I had just been there a month before.  I did what I was told by this time the waiting area was packed. I waited another 20 minutes and after seeing quite a few people get called back I went to ask the girl told me there were two people ahead of me so I asked how it was possible when I arrived before them. She said she'd find out what was going on but didn't do anything about it.  Another 7 people were called back before me and another 20 minutes had passes. So in the end I waited an hour and 10 minutes for a 2 minutes shot. The staff was rude and unorganized. This place is the worst.
3	Went here on a work injury at 7am on a Saturday after a holiday.  Everyone warned me of 4+ hour wait. When I arrived there were maybe only 6 people waiting. From the time I sat to the the time I got out 3 1/2 hours.  There are tvs is the waiting room.  A nice little coffee machine with a good coffee and tea selection.  There's a room just for eye exams.  I also got some head X-rays.  The good advantage is to get everything I needed in one place. No need for referrals and additional wait times.  I'm satisfied with the doctors examination. However the wait is long here and I hope I never need to come back.
1	I am well into hour 3 in the waiting room for an appointment I had for 7 am. As they see everyone who had come in after me, I am getting more irate...this is ridiculous.
4	Well except for the news that I broke my hand. This urgent care facility is alright in my book. This is the second visit for me and both times I felt I was treated with care and informed. Only downside is the waiting, but to their defense you have to wait at every medical care facility. I was informed on how long the wait would be and it was within 10 min of how long they told me.   The X ray tech was awesome , I have had to have many X ray in my day and most of the tech are like talking to a brick wall. Both trips I here have required an X ray and both times the tech was awesome, and polite.
