4	This is a very unique experience for fans of Chinese food.  The dishes are very creative and they mix in flavors not normally found in traditional Chinese.  I had heard good things about this place so I decided to try it out for myself, and wow were they right.  The decor is very creative with great art work on the walls makes the whole place look spacious but cozy at the same time.   And the food is just so good.  The shrimp and scallops are great, the duck is probably the best I've ever had.
4	Was it the stinky, dimly lit Taiwanese place we were looking for?Nope.Was it surprisingly elegant, well staffed, and one of the better Chinese meals I've had out since moving to Charlotte?Ya!At first glance, the menu looks un-friendly to us veggies, but that is not the case. Any prep that can be done with tofu is available (and this is almost all of them). My Blackish Tofu (beef, on the menu) was good - oily prep, lots of dried red pepper flakes, some mushrooms and carrots thrown into the mix (plus bamboo shoots, odd). Tasty. Veg Tempura is not what we were expecting - somewhere between a pakora and..well...something, it was good, if a smallish serving for $6.If you come here knowing what you want, how to pronounce it in Mandarin, and they have the stuff in the kitchen to accommodate ya, they will - a table pal had what looked like a glutinous-rice omelette, shrimpys abounding. Neat. Makes me want to learn a second language.
3	If I would have followed my GPS, I would have never made it here. It's on the corner of Rea Road and Colony in the shopping center. Parking can be a bit tight depending on when you go.A cozy, yet spacious atmosphere was a good way to spend the dining experience. The server was friendly and was eager to describe any dish in question and even make it vegetarian, if requested.I got the Tomi scallops with a little spice added. It looked and reminded me more of sweet and sour sauce with scallops over rice. It was flavorful. I enjoyed soaking my rice with the blazing red sauce. They are more than happy to refill your rice if you run out.Like Bill F., I too was surprised at the moderate pricing. You did not get soup with the entree (all the other restaurants have spoiled me); however, you do get a good portion size. Friendly service, good portion size...it's A-OK in my book!
5	I love this place. This is one of the few good Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. Most of the others serve the same old tired Americanized menu.  Not so Tomi.  They have a nice Taiwan-style menu, and are very willing to do something special off the menu for you.  try the mellow beef, it's great.  The owner is super friendly.
5	Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!  The ginger beef was DIVINE!!!
5	Great price, fantastic FRESHLY made food.  Best restaurant of its type in Charlotte
5	The best Chinese food I've had in years. It's a different style than I'm used to, being Taiwanese. It's much lighter with less oil and syrup than one would find in average Chinese American foodI had spicy chicken with vegetables, and a very light fried rice with shrimp and chicken in a delicious brown sauce. The favors were fresh, it was spicy, but never overly sharp. The dish had a wonderful blend of flavors.My wife shared the rice and had shrimp with portobello mushrooms. She raved about it. I tasted it and the shrimp was tasty and the mushrooms were fresh and light.All in all, an excellent meal, an I will assuredly return!
4	CLOSED DOWN-------------------------Once again I wasted 45 minutes driving there and searching all around the shopping center only to find out this  *top rated* restaurant has been closed for 6 month.  Thanks for nothing folks
5	Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!  The ginger beef was DIVINE!!!I am so sad that this restaurant has closed.  It was my favorite Chinese restauraant anywhere!
