5	I love going to Passion Nails because they always take good care of me.  The manicures and pedicures are awesome.  They take care and attention for these services.  I also get my legs waxed there.  Michelle is fast but thorough.  The private room is comfortable and clean.
1	Went to this salon twice.  The first time was great, the nail tech was kind and did a good job, so I went back.  I loved the hot stone massage that was part of the pedicure.The second time, the nail tech cut into my cuticles a number of times. Two days later, the  tissue around my nail was swollen and extremely painful.  This infection around my cuticle required a doctor visit and antibiotics.  When I went back to show them my nail and  discuss this with management, I was surprised at how irritated they were with me.  I tried to be polite and non-confrontational, because I am sure that the nail business must be challenging and mistakes can happen.  I  hoped that they would be reminded to be more careful and adjust their hygeine, however, they could not even entertain the idea that  their work had anything to do with the infection that I had.  When I told them that I had been seen by a doctor who confirmed an infection and gave me antibiotics, they told me that a doctor could not help me and suggested that I wrap my finger in onion to draw out the infection. Ultimately, their unteachable attitude was as disappointing as the manicure I received there.If you go there, I hope your experience will be like my first time there.
1	I'm only giving this place one star because I have to in order to write a review. I walked in and asked for a full set, I waited about 7 mins (no big deal) and then I got seated with a man named Kenny. We discussed what I wanted and then he began. 30 minutes later...he applied the gel and they dried. The consistency of my nails were horrible! Some are wide and some weren't. I asked for two tone glitter (silver&pink) and some of my nails have more silver and others have more pink. 3 are longer than the rest. I failed to say anything to him because he had an attitude and I didn't want to make a scene. To top it all off he tried to charge me $50! When his sign said $40 for glitter acrylic!!! I told him and he rolled his eyes and said okay, $45 because you got gel. I will NEVER come back to this salon!!!!!
4	The only place in the Valley that I trust for an excellent pedicure. It's only $18 and it includes a hot rock massage. What more you could you ask for? I pass dozens of other nails salons on my 30 minutes drive here but I wouldn't think if going anywhere else.
5	I really love this salon. I have been coming here for 3 years now. Lee or Michelle are my favorite techs. They usually have my color waiting for me when I come in. They always know exactly what I like and do a great job. Always super thorough. I highly recommend this salon.
4	I only gave 4/5 becuz perfect is hard to attain!! But dang, this experience was close! Super clean, great, friendly service! One of the best pedi massages I've ever had! And who doesn't love that part of a pedicure! Enjoy!!!
5	I have been going to Passion Nails for the past 5 years, from since around the time they opened, and have had a great experience with Michelle or Kenny or other staff each time! I can't say enough good things about Michelle! Her skills are the best and always consistent at doing my pink powder acrylic nails. She can hand paint the white tips on perfectly the way I like, and the shape is always straight across and beautiful (which doesn't always happen at other places!) Eventually I started doing pedicures too and would see Li, who was very careful with my sensitive feet, and always had a smile on her face. Highly recommended!
