4	I will be the first to admit, we went here for lunch and this restaurant is probably more of a dinner stop.  So, keep that in mind with this review.  First and foremost, the food was excellent.  My spinach ravioli with garlic creme sauce was delightful.  It was very light on the cream and topped with sauteed spinach.  Highly recommended.  My husband's pasta dish was light and tasty but the butter sauce lacked a little flavor.  However, the smoked chicken and bowtie pasta were cooked to perfection.  The sourdough bread and flavored butter were also a nice touch.The atmosphere is cool and the prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of the food.  We have spent this much at crappy burger joints.  The bar is good looking and we enjoyed the openness of the restaurant.  Service was decent but it was almost as though we were in at an off time because our table was being covered by three or four different waiters/managers.  That did not really work for me.  I can imagine that dinner at Bloom is spectacular and I look forward to giving that a whirl.
4	Bloom was a little off-putting to me at first. Or maybe it was just intimidating. In any case, my company had rented out the big table in the back room and it all struck me as swanky when we first arrived. Upon a little further inspection, though, the decor was actually very tasteful and the food was very, very good. The menu is creative and innovative but accessible. The raviolis rocked my world.
2	On every occasion I've had snotty, inattentive servers. To tell you the truth, the food is anything but outstanding. Certainly not good enough to ignore the not-so-friendly wait staff.
4	LOVE IT! Food & Service always great!
4	My husband and I ate here and really liked it.  We started with the tuna tartare and then we both had Grilled Ahi tuna for dinner (apparently we were not branching out this particular night).  Both were delicious.  It was nice inside and the service was good.  It was a Tuesday night and not very crowded.
5	As  a European I generally favor light flavorful meals versus "get all you can eat type" eateries. I also don't get out as much as I'd like to to discover non corporate restaurants (and yes I would consider Bloom corporate if you fear or loathe he Same Fox empire of Valley restaurants).  I was recommended to go here by my girlfriend's mom. She makes excellent home cooked meals and so the the thought of going to Bloom surprised me somewhat as I personally feared an elitist type vibe and menu. I must admit that so far Bloom really has been my favorite restaurant (along with Los Sombreros in South Scottsdale). If you have no issues with appropriate portion sizes, a good "trend" atmosphere that isn't too cold for any type of customer I would strongly recommend the restaurant. I have tried the bowtie pasta and that it was perfect. I recently brought my parents there, and they also had ignored it mainly due to it's location in the posh Shops at Gainey Village and due to Paradise Bakery being a good option.What equally impressed me was the quality of food and a reasonably priced menu.
5	Ok...I've always liked Bloom, but now I remember why!  We took two out of town relatives there for dinner on Saturday night and they couldn't stop talking about the place.  To be fair, dinner was quite tasty - we enjoyed the calamari appetizer and the shrimp with garlic spaetzle.  For dinnner, their market fish was absolutely amazing.  I almost always use this place with out of town visitors - it is quiet enough to hear everyone, but not so stuffy that you can't be yourself.  Our server was fantastic as well!  I can't say enough good stuff about this place!
3	I don't know, I'm just not too crazy about this place.  I'd been here once before and had lukewarm feelings then, decided to give it another try, to just realize that my first impression was pretty accurate. The place has good food and good drinks, but for the price, nothing stands out as spectacular.  We tried four apps: calamari, brie w/fruit, smoked salmon and tuna tartar.  The tuna was the only one that is memorable, but the portion was SOOOOO small.  Drinks, same deal, nothing really stuck out. One thing that did stick out, however, was the great decor - trendy and chic, great wallpaper and lighting. I was fascinated by the flat screen 3-D aquarium (if you've been you know what I'm talking about).  Service was good, no complaints there, except for that bus boy who asked me if he could take my plate away 3 TIMES, when I was clearly not done.  Good enough food, drinks and service - but Bloom is not on my top list of N. Scottsdale restaurants.
4	I like the ambiance of this place...it's pretty and trendy but not too loud. The food and service are really good. THE BEST DESSERT is the Bars of Sin. It is worth going to the restaurant, if just to eat that! PROMISE.
4	I am a fan of this place with decent food and a very good ambiance. The rack of lamb was very good and the dessert selection was tasty.
3	Since I'm a big fan of new American food, good drinks, and stylish atmosphere, I thought Bloom and I would be a match made in heaven. Unfortunately for both of us, we turned out to be more like "just friends." I tried Bloom for the first time last Saturday, with a big group of female relatives and family friends (my mom's side of the family is from Tuscon, and they do a women-only reunion every so often). We sat in the private room in the back (if you've been there, you know that this is the atrium-like space with the wall-mounted "aquarium," which is actually a flat-screen). I did enjoy the privacy of the space and think that it was perfect for conversation between guests who have not seen each other in a long time, which was the case with our party. The rest of the decor was really stylish as well - I especially loved the wall with the booths, which featured funky, modern wallpaper and giant hanging lights. The atmosphere was swanky but romantic at the same time. Unfortunately, the food didn't really live up to the promise of the decor. I'm big on flavor, which sounds obvious, but a lot of the dishes that were supposed to feature flavorful "influences" from Asian and European cuisines were unexpectedly bland. As an example, my lemongrass scallops with soy butter were very mild and didn't have much of a detectable flavor, which is surprising since lemongrass has a distinctive and bold taste. The "forbidden rice" that came with the dish saved the dish for me, as it featured the Asian flavors that I was expecting. My appetizer (salad with chilled prawns, tomatoes, and watermelon) was also disappointing. There was no real sense that the combination of ingredients was purposeful, and the shrimp were extremely fishy. Never a good thing, in my humble opinion, especially when the dish is an appetizer costing $13. Similarly, my mom's main dish - Florentine ravioli with Asian pea cream sauce (or something like that) - didn't make that much sense and didn't really execute terribly well. There were a few items that I consumed that I thought were excellent, however. The appetizer of beets, blue cheese, and toasted nuts was simple and delicious. The desserts we tried - the mocha creme brulee and the lemon semifreddo were incredible and definitely the highlight of the meal. My dirty martini (mixed with Chopin vodka) was also quite good. Now that I think about it, all the dishes that I enjoyed that night have some things in common: they are simple and not overly fusion-y. I think I would like Bloom a lot better if all of their dishes were based on that approach. They just don't do the more complex, inventive dishes that well. I'm still waiting to fall head over heels for a new American restaurant that knows how to seamlessly integrate various cultural influences to create one successful dish. Bloom just wasn't the one.
4	I went to the Most. Awkward. Ever. dinner here with a huge group of people.  It was one of those dinners where a S.O.-meets-the-'rents, and thankfully I was just on the outskirts.  Now with that setting the stage, with ex-bf's names being wrongly thrown across the table, false accusations of multiple secret families in mulitple states, and lots of bugged eyes being bugged, the food became a focus. And a focus is desperately needed when things get cringingly awkward. And its a good thing that the food here is worthy of a focus.  Everyone's meal here was great.  The service was good, and then weird, and then good again.  The weird part came in when the waitress told me that I had a doppelganger living in Phoenix.  I didn't believe her because I don't look like ANYONE, and then everyone told me she was just hitting on me, and THAT'S why she wouldn't stop staring.  It was good service though. Good service for good food for a meal where half the table wanted to crawl under the table and hide.  PS - Don't miss how cool the bathrooms are, if you're looking for a decent place to hide.
4	Chic, chic, and more chic.Decor:  Pale blue booths and chocolate tables, an upholstered wall, charming stripped huge floor lamps.  To sum it up, clean, simple, and fresh. (I was kind of disappointed in the bathroom decor, though...)Wine:  A wonderfully large selection of various wines - including a nice bright Reisling that I decided to try.  I can't even remember the name, except it's the first one on their list, and it was one of the best  Reislings I've had in awhile.  Not too dry, and tongue tingling.Food:  Like the decor, is clean, fresh, and tasteful.I split the bow-tie chicken pasta with tomatoes, spinach, and pine nuts and the cobb salad with my friend.  Both were extremely satisfying, but I have to say I almost liked the cobb salad better.  Almost.  The thing that made it so tasty was the wonderful poppyseed viniagrette that came with it.  It didn't hurt that it had big chunks of avocado, chicken, and just a touch of bacon and egg; just enough to taste, not overpower.My friend's mother had the Everything salad, and her aunt had the Maine lobster salad.  Both seemed extremely satisfied.The really impressive part, was that our server must have overheard us talk about our birthday, because when we ordered dessert, (we had to get the Bars of Sin...who wouldn't want that?) the plate came with the words Happy Birthday in chocolate.So what are these Bars of Sin?  Decadent chocolate mousse on top of some wafer like bottom, all covered in a thin chocolate ganache.  Pair that with vanilla bean gelato, and this is one sin that'll take you to heaven.The prices were about the same as some other places I've been to; a little up there, but we had big portions and everything was very tasty.   I'd probably go more for lunch than dinner, but I definitely recommend this place.
4	This place has a cute, cozy ambiance and good food. Husband and I started with the warm brie, which was nicely complimented with plenty and fruits and breads. Unlike a lot of places that serve similar dishes, there was actually enough stuff to use up the cheese. I had the roast chicken, a simple dish that is hard to execute well and husband enjoyed his steak. My chicken was very fresh and well complimented by the sides. We also enjoyed the well selected wine list. Definitely plan to return.
4	Live around the corner. Usually in summer there at least 1x/wk.  (1/2 off bottles of wine - wadda deal!).  Luv the chineese salad, grilled chicken sandwhich.  Hubby luvs the roast beef or the hamburger with brie & avo.  Usually sit @ bar where we can swap new wine tips, but patio is ok (kinda on the parking lot though).  Nice ambiance, good for office lunch/dinner, met up with friend, take out your parents :-)
5	This was my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale when I went to ASU. Whenever I had a special occasion I would try to come here.The food is great, and so is the ambiance. I never had anything bad here.. definitely recommended.
5	From: Long Island.Bloom is our favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  Don't remember ever having a meal less than excellent. The waiters are friendly and knowledgeable and the prices reasonable.
5	I ended up having dinner here on a recent trip and loved it. We had a big group and tried damn near everything on the menu. We started with drinks, martinis' to be exact, and they instantly won me over when they said they would stuff my olives with blue cheese. We also had a few bottles of wine, our favorite was the Soter Pinot Noir, that stuff was amazing! The appetizers were all good too... The two that really stuck out were the Caprese salad with fresh mozzarella and the warm Maine lobster salad, I could have made that my meal! The entrees were fantastic too, just one miss in the bunch and that was the Pad Thai, too sweet and not hot enough, but hey, it's not a Thai joint, so the expectations shouldn't be that high. The things that were must haves were the Short ribs with horseradish mashed potatoes, good god they were the best I have had in some time, I will get this if I ever make it back. The bacon wrapped pork tenderloin was cooked perfectly, the rack of lamb was tasty, but a little undercooked for my liking and the scallops were big and came with the "forbidden" rice, which was like an asian risotto, very tasty. The lavender creme brulee was fantastic at first, but if I had to eat a whole one, it would have been over powering...The service was excellent, we were a big group, a little rowdy and the wait staff handled us well. From the drink requests to the wine recommendations, we were taken very good care of and I hope I'm able to go back soon...
4	I ate there alone for lunch. Yeah, I'm THAT girl.But it was great.I sat outside, enjoyed a delish crisp calamari salad and returned emails.Oh yeah, and the server was attentive and fun.
5	I came here with a bunch of girlfriends from California for a bachelorette party weekend. The decor is warm with a mix of contemporary and vintage style so nothing feels overdone. The space is wonderful and open, very lively the night we were there.Our darling waiter Julio handled our table of nine very well, making sure we were always taken care of and going along with our joking and teasing. What a sport! Bloom has an amazing wine list and everyone enjoyed the wine and champagne we ordered with dinner. Dinner itself was delicious. Everyone really loved their dishes. Fish, meat, veggies - all were prepared well, not overcooked or overflavored. And we have some picky eaters in our group so to say that everyone enjoyed their meal is a big star in itself. Dessert was just as tasty.We also met some lovely older couples who obviously noticed our boisterous table and wanted to know what all the excitement was about. When we told them our friend was getting married they were all very sweet in congratulating her and giving marriage advice. They must know what they're doing since they've all been married for about 50 years!After we paid our bill, the manager Jason was kind enough to summon up two cabs for us to head to Old Town. Talk about great service all around.The next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'll visit Bloom again.
3	great decor, selection, "wine flights", location was in a nice mall, food was nice, but expensive for what you got.  I probably would not go back.
4	Very cute restaurant.  A group of 12 of us had our own private room.  Everything from appetizer to dessert was wonderful.  I think the short ribs and the steak were two big hits.  The bars of sin, lemon semifreddo, and the bread pudding were the favorites for dessert.  However, the bars of sin was extremely chocolatey and rich.  The creme brulee was good, but was flavored with star anise.  Some people will like it and others may not.Great selection of wines.  Came on a sunday and all bottles were half off! Score!!  Our server was extremely knowledgable and answered our many questions very thoroughly.I'd recommend this place for a nice dinner out.
4	Great service.Wine selection was extensive and there were flights to try which was fun.  We tried the ahi salad which was really good and light, though it could have had more avocado and less cucumber.  Also had the half chicken which Dave said was really good.Dessert selection wasn't anything we wanted to try, but our overall experience made us want to try more Fox restaurants.
3	Being partial to Olive&Ivy and Blanco, Sauce and True Foods we decided to embark on a culinary journey to reach the other restaurants within the Fox empire.  Our next port of call was Bloom.We went on a fairly quiet Saturday evening and were greeted with good service, enjoyed good drinks, had a good salad, and made our way through good entrees.  Do you see a trend forming?Everything about the restaurant was good.  Within the very competitive Scottsdale corridor "good" gets you lost in the shuffle.  There really wasn't anything that really stood out.  Even within the Fox family this gets lost in the mix. Therefore we will probably pass on a return visit in favor of something new.
3	Very good new american style.
5	My review is based on both times I had the pleasure of experiencing Bloom.The first was for Happy Hour...the service and the atmosphere were divine.  The wine list is phenomenal and well as the prices. The bartender was very thorough with the descriptions of all the wine until I picked a very sweet white wine that I probably would never had tried any other time.  (Very sweet, but good!)  I loved it that there was a group of probably 20-30 of us and the bartender had no problem giving up individual checks.  (I also had the tomato and mozzarella salad, which was good...but I saw the lobster salad...and well....)The second time was last night...and I had the lobster salad.  This was probably the most amazing salad I ever had!  Warm Alaskan Lobster with asparagus and a white vinaigrette dressing.  I even asked for tomatoes and the server was very accommodating (and didn't even charge me extra.)  My sweet dear friend Lisa was going to get the Ahi Tuna, but changed her mind to the lobster salad as well when she was able to substitute the asparagus for broccoli.  She also agreed that the salad was amazing and even put her in an amazing mood!  What good food can do to us :)I would so love to go there again and try more of their menu...(even though it will be so hard to stay away from the salad)  But I will definitely be back.
5	Bloom continues to impress me. The menu is always full of fresh and inviting options. Some items are mainstays and others get tweaked or replaced as time goes on, but it always seems to have something for everybody. The service is usually good and the wait staff is always friendly. I feel it is well priced and you get real value for your dining dollar. Whether you want an easy happy hour or a formal dinner, Bloom delivers it all with aplomb. I have eaten here several times already and I can easily say that Bloom has solidified its spot on my short list of places to dine in the East Valley.
4	First off, they lost a star simply b/c I didn't much care for the wheat bread and herb butter (it had pepper in it and i don't like) but other than that everything was pretty perfect here. Wish I had tried some the tasty ssounding appetizers but alas I was alone and didn't want to be too gluttonous! I had the Tres Flores cocktail - loved the tangy hibiscus sugar rim and it wasn't weak either! For dinner I had the miso glazed cod - the only complaint is that there wasn't enough! It was really perfect - nice crisped outside, excellent flavor in the broth - the edamame dumplings were perfect. I had edamame raviolis @ Buddakan before and they were too rich but these were awesome!! There were some pearl onions, ramps and japanese mushrooms in the broth as well - I finished every last drop! I really wanted to order dessert but nothing really stuck out on the menu - everything was accompanied by some sort of gelato or something. But I really liked this place and will definitely be back!
4	9/29Oh yeah, I'll be back!  So what if this place was practically dead when I arrived at 4:30pm?  And so what if it took me two times to ask for some table bread, which didn't arrive till after I'd placed my 2nd appetizer order?  Or that the glass of Primitivo Mediterranean red was a bit disappointing?  Oh, no.  I was captivated after my first bite of the Asparagus bruschetta!  By the second bite, I was knee-deep in quicksand and succumbing to sweet surrender.  Sweet, roasted red pepper surrender.  On a bed of creamy, luscious, and lust-provoking goat cheese.  I was so transported by this dish that I wasn't satisfied with just one... No, no.  I had to have another!  And yes, if you must know, I ate it all =)Oh, and the table bread?  I sampled a thumb-twist of the honey-whole wheat, and it, too, was delicious.  I took the rest home, and I'm unhappy to say that not a crumb of it was present 24 hours later (no thanks to my roomie).
3	I have very mixed feelings on Bloom.When it first opened, I was a big fan. I really dug many of the dishes. It was so long ago, I don't remember what they all were. It was kind of a go to spot for company celebratory lunches as several of the folks like it. Over time, the food seemed to just get worse. Eventually we all had such a disappointing meal on one occasion, we determined we wouldn't return. I do remember that my order from that day was the filet & brie on baguette and lobster bisque.So I'd been absent for a number of years.Went back today with a colleague. Coming back in, it's still a great room. Love the open feel and the way it is laid out. Also dig the decor.The food was fine. It was good. The bread and herbed butter wasn't anything mind blowing but it was fine. My sandwich (got the Vienna pastrami warm on pretzel bread with baby swiss, Dijon mustard) was good. Enjoyed it.My colleague also found that his favorite item had been removed from the menu and wasn't as impressed with the replacement.The service was good as well. I don't know. I guess my disappointment has faded with the years but it's hard to shake a strongly held opinion. I was happy to eat there. Will be fine to go back. I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to head over there though. While I wouldn't say I'm a fan, I'm intrigued by all the great reviews and am thinking I should maybe give it more of a chance?
3	10/20Had planned on happy hour at Crust when I missed my turn, so I thought I'd head back to Bloom for more of that asparagus bruschetta ($3.50)!  I decided I'd also give the mac 'n cheese ($5) a try, so that I may compare it to Crust's Crusted Mac 'n Cheese.  The bruschetta was still as scrumptious, even though the crostini was badly charred.  I didn't say anything until I was almost finished, but when I did, my server/bartender didn't even offer up an apology, which, in most places, I'd get at least that.  No biggie, bec. I took this opportunity to splurge on a few heaping forkfuls of the mac 'n cheese.  While it was delicious (fontina, cheddar, and parm? I know there were only three cheeses used), it does not hold a light to Crust's Crusted mac 'n cheese.  And forget about taking the rest home for leftovers... Bloom's mac 'n cheese does not re-heat well- unlike Crust's mac 'n cheese, whose crusted topping still is a contender after days of cold slumber!  Just pop into the microwave for a few seconds and you're good to go!Next time, if I'm able to say no to the bruschetta, I will pass on the mac 'n cheese and probably try the smoked salmon galette and artichoke heart plates.  I once spied their fish and chips platter ($6 during happy hour) and a split serving was still pretty big!  I think a UYE here is a great idea!
4	I love bloom! The service is just as good as the food. I love everything I have ever had there. And will be back for more
3	12/08/09Came in to have more of the asparagus bruschetta during happy hour (can't complain about the $3 price tag), but I must say that it seems like everytime I order a plate of this, the toast slices get smaller and more burnt!  Thank goodness I found a new fave to fall back on, but I get ahead of myself...One of the bartenders on a previous visit told me that one of his two fave apps off of the HH menu (the asparagus being one) is the Raw Bigeye Tuna, so I decided to order it.  (I was vacillating between the tuna and the smoked salmon, but went ahead w/ the tuna.)  The presentation was very nice, but I could definitely detect a strong fishy odor :(  I flagged down the manager and told him my complaint, and he replied that the special of the day was a white fish that the kitchen staff was cooking up a storm w/ in the back, which may be what I was detecting, but he'd be happy to replace the app with a new one or even w/ another choice.  I went w/ the smoked salmon, instead.  Thank goodness for the tuna mishap... Textures and flavors abounded in the Smoked Salmon app!  I absolutely loved the marriage of smoked salmon, super-crisp potato galette, and chive creme fraiche!  (I'm sitting at a neighboring grocer- The Kitchen- as we speak, and I'm just hoping that the bruschetta plate and side of mac 'n cheese do well to keep me from wishing I'd gone to Bloom, instead.)  Now, did I have room for dessert?  But, of course!  I had their banana dessert plate, which consisted of a banana bread muffin iced w/ banana frosting and a slice of banana drizzled w/ a chocolate sauce; five frozen varied chocolate-covered slices of banana (toffee brittle, oreo, peanut, to name a few); and a banana milkshake!  I would definitely order this platter of sweets again :DAlong w/ a glass of red, I also tried the Black and Blue Mojito- a concoction of 10 Cane rum, muddled mint, fresh lime, raspberries, and blackberries.  Very delicious!
5	Bar review.Amazingly attentive bartenders with great personalities that can really satisfy your palate.  Great atmosphere, and I had the asparagus bruschetta, and loved it.  I'm a huge asparagus fan... but this was really good.Great looking crowd, and very easy to get to off the 101.
4	Had a delightful lunch here today with my husband. For starters I can recommend the Tasting of Cheese which is Cherry Confiture (wonderfully sweet and perfect with the cheese), roasted garlic (a nice contrast) and Marcona Almond (great for texture).The special today of rainbow trout was very tasty and the side of "Forbidden Rice" was a great accompaniment. They also have a nice wine list and tasty home made lemonade. The staff are also very friendly and fast! : )
5	Valentine's dinner here was AMAZING!! A special 3 coarse menu was prepared just for this special day. My boyfriend and I had drinks at the bar before our reservation and Justin C. made me an AMAZING dirty martini with blue cheese olives. I can't wait to go back to have another one. :-)
2	BL-oom or BL-and? My food had NO flavor whatsoever. I had the short ribs. Friends had lamb and steak and said the exact same thing. Forbidden rice was completely devoid of anything resembling a flavor. Cool decor and a good wine list, not sure why they forgot about the food here. Prices not outrageous, but for the $, there are tons of better options. Style, no substance.
3	I was not impressed at all with Bloom's food. I did enjoy their decor and service, but I came here for the food. I had the shrimp with risotto and thought the risotto was very average. Risotto is one thing I can not make, so when I order it at a restaurant I want to be great....it wasn't. My date ordered the center cut sirloin and that was rather unimpressive too. I did like the wine I had and their drink menu, but I definitely would not give this restaurant 3 stars. And compared to the other Fox concepts spots, this was not on the high end.
4	*Please note, I'm writing in review of the happy hour only.I recently discovered this happy hour gem with some girl friends, and it has quickly become a favorite in the portfolio (instead of ladies who lunch, I guess we're ladies who drink).  The patio is fantastic and while I often get in ruts with beer and wine, Bloom's martini menu is enough to get anyone back onto the hard stuff!  My favorite is the Elderflower Drop, a vodka-based drink with St. Germain that I can't seem to re-create on my own, no matter how hard I try.  Their drinks do have that hand-crafted-mixologist vibe, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  For $4-5/drink, these premium cocktails are a great deal!Additionally, the HH food menu would make any foodie happy and has a really nice variety of small plates.  I'd confidently recommend the tuna, smoked salmon or artichoke hearts -- though I've tried most of the apps on the menu and have never been disappointed.  If you like truffle oil, you're in luck at this place as it seems to be laced into dishes at every other turn!The only things preventing me from giving this 5 stars are the HH time (HH ends at six, which is hard to make if you have a job like mine) and the service, which has been okay-to-mediocre during most of my visits.  I'd like to think it's because they just happen to be really busy, and not that they are actually forgetting to check on our table  ;-)Overall, an unexpectedly great happy hour spot.
4	every time i come to phoenix a pattern develops. i get off the plane. breathe in the warm air, think to myself, i could live here. then the mother tells me about some "fabulous" place (usually part of some fox or lettuce entertain you entity or some other yuppie/old people chain) that we HAVE to go to. we go, wherever she takes me, we are surrounded by douchwits and faketitterellas talk about how great sarah palin is or just how great they are. i get impatient and irritable and swear i will never ever live here.it didn't happen at bloom.  i did throw up in my mouth a bit as we walked by culinary dropout at the douchery on the patio, but bloom had a great fucking happy hour. pastrami sandwich was huge, as you get fries and a pickle for about 6 bucks, i got me a little wine trifecta, the calamari were tasty as, and the basic salad was on par. we did hear some asshole old people being dicks to the waitress about the size of their happy hour martini glasses, but it was shortlived. the quality and portion of the food for the  happy hour prices were impressive compared to other happy hours that try to do the same.  i would go outside and get a table at the end. as tasty and affordable as it was, im much more excited to embark upon a dive bar tour of the city...
3	Good service, wasn't crowded for a Tuesday night, bonus for the outdoor seating in this strip mall.  Crisp calamari was very good.  Miso cod was ok, was a little rich.The apple pop tart was different, but no fireworks.  I'd come back again for the calamari or if I want a change in scene from Old Town.
4	Wow, talk about great deals on wine and excellent selection! We came here just for their happy hour and sampled their different wine flights, had some sangria, and topped it all off with some parmesan fries. Delicious! Best of all, they have a ton of outdoor seating with water spray to cool you down in the hot, summer evening. Prices aren't bad, either. My flight of Rieslings was just $3.50. Unbelievable! I will definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
4	Bloom has an amazing happy hour.  They offer half off wine and a great menu that is more than generous.  The food is fresh and service is good.  My favorite thing on the menu is the pastrami sandwich.  its all about the pretzel bread.  I also recommend the wine flights.  Not too many places offer this and it gives you a chance to try a few varietals you may have missed before.  Good for family and business.
3	5/29/104 stars!Took Mom here for dinner.  It was her first visit, and since I've never tried the calamari app here, we had to order it.  (Have I mentioned that she loves calamari?)  I also ordered the Day scallops and Forbidden rice.  The calamari, which was served on a heaping pile of mizuna, a delightful coating of yuzu dressing, and then topped w/ a toasted mix of black AND white sesame seeds, was heavenly!!  Had we not ordered the scallops, we would've been happy w/ the calamari app and another round (or two!) of the cracked honey-wheat bread and herbed butter!  However, the day scallops DID NOT disappoint!  Mom wasn't too happy that I ordered this, due to the fact that she thought the cost was price-y.  But one look at our dishes, which our server took the liberty of splitting for us (no split plate charge, yay!), had her amazed... She's never seen scallops this HUGE before!  (The biggest she's ever seen were an inch in diameter.)  A plate of these come w/ only three pieces, but each piece is about three inches in diameter!  The cross-sections may have looked a bit raw, but these were perfectly seared, trust me!  And, while I won't ever try it again (very bad allergy reaction), the forbidden rice, which sat in such delightfully-fragrant cream sauce, was divine!  If you aren't allergic, you must try it as a side, perhaps w/ the scallops.  (I don't see the entree listed online, so it might have found its way to the menu graveyard- a pity, that.)6/2/102 stars!I've always wanted to take Mom to Bloom for happy hour, and after having the calamari app four nights ago, it didn't take much prodding for her to accompany me here today :)I like dining at Bloom during happy hour bec. more often than not, it isn't very busy.  But that just means (one hopes, anyway) that you'll get quicker attention.  Unfortunately, this wasn't the case today- it wasn't busy at all (almost empty venue), but our server took at least ten minutes from the moment he greeted us to finally getting our orders for glasses of water.  It was another 10 minutes before we were able to have a look at the drink menu!  [Fortunate for Bloom, the happy hour food menu is worth coming back for- we'll just know better to park ourselves at the bar, like I usually do when I dine solo.]For beverages, Mom ordered the Blood orange margarita, while I had the Black and blue mojito.  Mmm... the margarita was very good!  [If only I wasn't allergic to oranges.  :( ]  My mojito was still delightful- Mom sampled and liked it, but she enjoyed her margarita better.  Her drink definitely was a looker, and made my mojito looked a bit worse-for-wear :(  I'll have to try another drink next time... Onto the food!  Mom had to have another plate of calamari, while I had only eyes (or should I say stomach?) for dessert.  Since I raved about the banana dessert plate I had months ago, I had to have it again, especially when the manager mentioned that it was going to be replaced by another in a couple of months.  Sadly, my second taste of this sweet concoction couldn't hold a candle to the first.  (Like most experiences in life, eh?)  The chocolate-dipped frozen banana slices now only numbered four (first plate had five), and these tasted old and bland; the toppings weren't even crispy!  The texture of the banana muffin cupcake was crumbly, and tasted stale, almost frost-bitten; the milkshake uninteresting, almost like the third-of-a-glass that's sometimes forgotten and then returned to, but now too far-gone and not worth having anymore.  I felt like I was handed the short-end of the stick, which was then taken back from me and then stuck, repeatedly, into my eye.  :(  I should've taken the hint to order something else.  (Guess there was a reason that this dish was heading to the graveyard.)  But I suppose not all visits can end on a good note!
3	I've been there twice and it was fine but not sure I'd go back.The first time, I stopped in for a quick lunch.  I had the pastrami sandwich on the pretzel bread.  Quite tasty but a really diminutive portion, with a pretzel that was literally about the size of an English muffin.  Three or four bites and I was done.  And still hungry.Looking around the restaurant (lunchtime on a weekday),  I couldn't help but notice that I was one of perhaps four men among roughly 75 women.  So I guess the ladies who lunch prefer their portions small.I left hungry and chalked it up to my ordering the wrong thing.  This struck me as a bit odd since other Fox restaurants I've been to have been notable for their large portions.The second time, the wife and I stopped in for a late lunch on a Sunday.  We were the only customers.  This time I was struck by how lovely the restaurant is.  Truly an outstanding example of modern restaurant design. We had two pasta dishes.  Both excellent, both about $13 and both in really small portions, more typical of a pasta appetizer or half-order.  Delicious but the portion size is so small that it's hard not to comment on it.  I'm not asking for the Cheesecake Factory but a normal sized entree would be nice.Another minor quibble is the dark bread that they serve.  It's tasty but far too sweet, almost like a dessert bread.  I'd much prefer a more traditional bread.So after two visits, I'm not sure I'd go back.  I love the ambiance but I think this is more of a Scottsdale ladies club.
4	I took my wife to Bloom for her birthday (at her request). I had reservations, but ended up not really needing them. Better to be safe than sorry.We were seated promptly and a waiter provided water and took our drink our very quickly.For an appetizer, we ordered the chicken tacos! You don't get many, but what you do get are really good!My wife had the lobster plate and lover it. I went with the bbq pork. The pork pretty much came out looking like a steak with a light layer of bbq sauce underneath. The meat was very good and had no fat.On the side was mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was a bit different than what you typically think of mac and cheese (less cheesy). The one thing that threw me off was the sea salted watermelon slice. It's different, but just didn't do it for me.  I would have rather had the watermelon without the sea salt. Overall, my wife and I enjoyed our meal. We'll head back when we want a nice meal, with good portions.The service was really good and our server was very attentive to our needs.
3	A really great restaurant, both to impress a business associate or just to enjoy some good food!
4	We stopped in for something light before heading to the ballgame.  (Gotta have room for a hot dog at the ball park).We split the club sandwich and it was just right.  Service was attentive and the retro decor was welcoming and comfortable.  Nice selection of wines.I would definitely return if the opportunity came up.
3	First let me say, Bloom is an EASY 4 stars but they commit the cardinal sin imo, and that's underpouring wine so I just couldn't bring myself to give them 4. That being said, the food was great. We were there pretty early (6pm) on a Tuesday so the ambiance was kind of meh because the place was empty. But as you walk up the staff opens the door for you and you're greeted by the hostess and a very nice modern decor. We started with the asparagus bruschetta which was great. I had the special (skin on trout on a bed of corn risotto) It had a kick of spice and was one of the better fish dishes I've had. The risotto could have been a bit more flavorful, but it was a good mild side to the spicy fish. My wife had the chicken street tacos and they were pretty good also. Finished with the blueberry creme brulee which was soooo yummy. (I loved the serving dish it came in. It was wide and flat so you had caramelized sugar for every bite, instead of the normal creme brulee dish which is deeper with less surface area for sugar)Probably not a spot we'll frequent often, but it is definitely deserving of the 4 star rating it has from a food standpoint.
4	I don't get out to North Scottsdale often, but after visiting Bloom I may have to change that. The place is well designed, big, open, gorgeous color scheme yet still classy and intimate. Stopped in for lunch and had the pastrami on pretzel bread, with swiss and dijon mustard. That sandwich was divine. Pretzel bread is my new obsession and theirs was toasty and delicious. I also tried the chopped salad, it was so incredibly fresh I didn't need dressing. I am a huge fan of Fox Concepts, and I am happy to add this one to the list of recommendations.
4	I haven't been here in years until a few weeks ago for a girls happy hour.  I guess I always forget about this place because of the location?  I always pass by it on the way to Fashion Square tho!  :)  I will have to put it back on our rotation because it was good!  The interior is very modern, but the bar area has comfy half booths, and a large inviting, curved bar.  TYhis is an older restaurant, but you could never tell.  It is definitely a quieter, older crowd here (Gainey Ranch) and I like it.  It's probably the most mellow Fox Restaurant Concept. We sat in the bar area for the HR specials. Drinks are top notch!  and strooong.  I like how they offer frou frou drinks WITH top shelf alcohols on their HR menu NICE!We ordered the Asian salad which was very tasty....so tasty we ordered a 2nd one! The calamari was good and it was served on top of a bitter saladThe 'loaded' potato skins were delicious...they used fingerling potatoes...very pretty presentation!They also have a mac n cheese, which I'm sure we will try next time.  Next time I will be back for dinner!
4	I have to preface that I don't understand the decor.  It's weird.  Other than that we had a nice evening in the bar working our way through their wine and appetizer lists.The artichokes with the truffle oil was their only downfall that evening.  Way too much truffle to the point that it was very overpowering.  The calamari was good, the fingering potato skins were phenomenal (don't know if that is only because of the amount of cheese that was covering them), asparagus bruschetta was also good, although it could do with more goat cheese. They have a very extensive wine list and a lot of very reasonably priced (and paired) wine flights.
4	Came here for Happy Hour on a Friday afternoon, the place was pretty slow and chill. I really liked the modern and contemporary deco, and very relaxing patio too!We decided to seat outside since it's been cooling down and we still had a bit time to enjoy the sunset. So these are what we had:-Ernst Loosen Riesling, which were light, sweet and smooth! Cheers!-Chopped Salad, just some simple mixed greens with parmesan cheese on the top. It was very fresh, especially the pieces of corns were so sweet, the only downside I thought was the dressing was bit over.. Maybe one less teaspoon would be perfect! -Vienna Pastrami, french fries on the side. And OMG, the fries were so good!! We literally finished the fries before the sandwich! The sandwich were good and simple, pastrami, melted swiss, dijon mustard on a pretzel bread bun. Very filling as well!-Seasonal Creme Brulee - Mexican chocolate with a hint of cinnamon, a few fresh berries and baked cookies. What a nice way to end the evening! I had to say it was very rich tho.. very rich!Overall it was a great night, we would love to go back for the regular menu!
4	Really love this place- the food and service is solid.  Perfect place for a large get-together.   Our waitstaff has been nothing short of excellent each time. There is truly something for everyone on the menu, which is important when your friends all have picky taste buds!  The bars of zin = chocolate nirvana!
4	Of the Fox restaurants, I think this is one of my favorites.  Lots of fresh seasonal ingrediants and sea food.  the interior is beautifully decorated, regardless if you eat at a table or at the bar, you will get the same attentive service.  A must try if you are in North Scottsdale.
3	A group of four of us went to Bloom for New Year's Eve. Great ambiance and preyty good service. We had a 6:45pm seating, so it was just starting to get busy. We really enjoyed the food except my lamp chops were so rare that it turned my stomach a bit. They did take care of re-cooking them properly to medium rare, but I had already lost my appetite. I am sure with the holiday, things happen. I was dissapointed that they still charged me because I couldn't eat with my guest and loss of appetite. I would probably go back sometime in the later rather than sooner future because of the experience.
5	Great wine list, great Happy Hour prices and food. I have been dining here for years. Its great!!
3	Bloom is a part of the Fox restaurant concepts and located in the upscale Gainey ranch area of Scottsdale. Went with a friend for a lazy Sunday lunch and sat in the outside patio. Though the view of the patio is just the srpawling parking lot of the shopping complex ,the nice weather in Phoenix made it enjoyable. The menu looks very similar to one of its sister restaurants North (in Kierland Commons) . We had a glass of sangria which was nice and refreshing. My friend had the Tuna salad and I had the salmon. The food was good. Another similarity with North is the lovely butter they give with the bread (Though the butter at North is better, also we had to ask for the bread, it didnt come automaticallyas one would expect). A good experience.
4	Very cool place, like a fancy hotel room or something.  Many wines by the glass.  Excellent service.  Delicious food. Great romantic ambience.  Refreshing to see a restaurant go outside of the box for decorating. Ideal date night restaurant!  Get the baked alaskan banana dessert!
5	This was our first time at Bloom, and it was a find!  First of all, the waiter, Joseph, was incredibly accomodating.  My husband is vegetarian, and Joseph offered to create a dinner for him from any side dish or other dish on the menu.  The manager came over to talk with us as we were finishing the meal.  It was a very welcoming atmosphere.One other outstanding point - our guest was wearing black pants, and the hostess brought a black napkin to the table for her so she wouldn't get white flecks from the napkin on her black pants.  I have never seen that anywhere before!All in all, it was a great dinner!
3	Bloom wasn't the best. But it wasn't the worst. I had a butternut squash tortellini with bacon and my girl got the miso cod. Both were good, but nothing too special. I feel like a lot of the Fox Concepts restaurants are too similar. Dim lighting. Similar food. I went to Olive and Ivy the week before and wasn't thrilled with my dinner dishes either.
4	The appetizers are awesome in this place: calamari, salmon, french fries (you wouldn't believe that a french fry could be so awsomely made with truffle oil). We were a large group and everybody really liked what they ordered. Excellent service and prices are decent for what you get.
4	Love this place.  The area is great although the location in the strip mall, to me, is not the best.  The food is always amazing and anyone who dines here needs to ask about the forbidden rice.  Interesting color and amazing flavor.  Love how they serve their wines by the glass, too.  Check out how the wine is poured behind the bar....have never seen this before.  I would love to eat in the large group room because it simply looks like a fun set up...all glass.  The dining room and patio seating is great and our server was on it plus funny.  A Scottsdale classic and probably one of my favorite spots.  I need to go there more often.
4	Super trendy place. There pasta is made from scratch. Would definately come back!
3	First time thru. Stopped in for dinner and had the tortilla soup and the street tacos. Pretty darn good. The bread was also awesome. Service was ok. Not exceptional...  We waited almost twenty minutes to have our order taken, and they definitely weren't busy at the time.....  One bonus; the reviews claim NOT kid friendly, however there was no problem with my friends two Lil rugrats who came with. Guess it depends on the waiter....?  Anyhoo, overall, good food, half decent service.... Eh, I'd eat there again. Next year maybe....
2	We were there on a quiet Tuesday night.  No waiting.  Very nice atmosphere.  Our waiter was fair to good.  I've had better Sangria else where.  I enjoyed my meal of the Sweet Potato Tortelli.  Great flavor and the perfect portion.  My fiance had the Duck Mu Shu style and he was very disappointed.  I can't say we would be back any time soon.
4	One of my favorite restaurants is now complete - they have updated their dessert menu and I am happy to recommend both the funnel cake and the banana baked alaska.Service is friendly but understated, the wine flights are terrific, they always turn out a great steak.  Also recommend starting with the artichoke hearts and moving on to any fish dish or the daily ravioli.  Only disappointment has been the parmesan noodles, which were surprisingly flavorless.
2	I had lunch on Friday, July 8 2011. They changed the menu. Horrors of horrors.  The salad that was perfect , farmers , was a soggy mess with too much dressing.  The bread, which was perfect,is now a tasteless brown bread. They are re branding to health food, why? Why not french style. Perfect fresh food cooked well? The salad was filled with tiny grains of quoina, if you like to have a million tiny grains stuck in your teeth this is the salad for you. Also, raw green beans.....WTF?The manager was nice but fox is on a downslide. Probably getting ready to go public. Too bad another chain with mediocre food.
4	I've been here several times and have always enjoyed the experience.  On my visit this week for lunch Bloom again came through with a great dining experience.Like most Fox restaurants, this is a very attractive restaurant.  It is contemporary with splashes of blue color.  I like the booths in the center of the room so that you can see what is going on in most of the dining room.  People watching is always fun in Scottsdale.I had the shrimp tagliatelle pasta for lunch.  Plenty of shrimp and a nice creamy sauce. Of course, the service was friendly and efficient as always.
3	Not a bad place.  The atmosphere is great and the food is pretty good!  I think the food can be a bit busy at times.  Sometimes, less is more!
4	I went to Bloom for dinner last night and ordered from the Restaurant Week menu. Having never been there before, I wasn't sure what to expect, as some restaurants that participate in RW alter their portion sizes/dishes from the regular menu. From what I could tell, Bloom did not do that. What we ordered: 1st Course - I ordered the warm brie with garlic, cherries and some kind of nut (tasted like a macadamia but didn't look like it...) with crostini, and it was delicious! I do wish the garlic had been more roasted, but it still spread well. Definitely enjoyed. BF ordered the Smoked Salmon on some kind of potato pancake with creme fraiche and a small mixed salad. He said it was amazing and the bite I had confirmed it. I would go back for this appetizer alone. Main Course - I ordered the Shrimp Tagliatelle which had a little too much grated Parmesan (I know, who would have thought you could have too much cheese), but other than that the shrimp was cooked perfectly and the portion size was great. I had 6 good sized shrimp and the pasta was definitely not the star of the show - the veggies and shrimp were! Our other entree was the Skirt Steak with potatoes and bleu cheese fondue. The portion size was huge, we ended up taking half home and it tasted great. The steak was cooked as requested and the flavors went well together. Dessert - We ordered both of the options, Brioche Doughnuts and a Butterscotch Pot de Creme with a brownie. Both good, but we were so full from dinner we couldn't finish everything. Our server Dane was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu items and the wine list. We gave him the parameters of what kind of wine we were looking for and he definitely delivered great choices. He is a great asset to the restaurant, and we had excellent service for our entire meal. From the hostess to the busboy and water guy, everyone was pleasant and seemed to actually enjoy their job. Atmosphere is great, like other posters have said the people watching is fun.
4	Just had a bday dinner here last night, and the food was amazing!Cripsy Calamari - 4 stars! It's more like a salad of Mizuna leaves with a light Yuzu dressing tossed with crispy calamaris. The golden-colored calamaris were crispy and tasty, and with the combination of mizuna is just mouthwatering!Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin - 5 stars! I'm just going to admit that this is very of the best pork tenderloin i've had for a long time! The juicy sliced meat with a bit of smoked bacon flavor on a bed of parsnip puree, hmm, heaven! Scallops with 'forbidden' rice - 4 stars. I really like the 'forbidden' rice (aka black rice, just like brown rice, it's very healthy!) in accompanied with the seared scallops. Somehow I felt the scallops were not cooked as evenly as I thought it should be, maybe because it was lined on chive(?) skewer?The only reason made me take off a star was the service. Our waitress somehow didn't show up after like 10 mins wait although the table next us who came later than us got served immediately, at least have someone to take a drink order? The place doesn't look busy, it was disappointing to have slow service on a Wednesday night. I'd definitely go back just for the calamaris and the pork tenderloin!
4	Great place ... our first time here ... but we were told it was their last day in operation. Glad we got in before they closed the doors.
5	Came for restaurant week, super good, and service was great!
1	Out of business
5	I have a perfect memory of this place. Bars of sin, delicious fish dishes, comfortable atmosphere, professional service. Guess I will be going to Colorado if i want to repeat this experience! Too bad!!
