5	We are foodies so when we went to Montreal we didn't go to the museums or churches we just ate our way through the town.  We were looking for the popular restaurant called Au Pied de Cochon when we stumbled on this little restaurant - which is a block away.  Well, we make it back the next night because my husband who is French had a nanny from the little island Ile de Reunion -which is the cuisine of the restaurant. So he was so intrigued that not even in NYC there's a place like this.  So we went.  The hostess/co-owner Chantal was great, it was a BYOB place and the food was great and my husband said it reminded him of the food his nanny used to make.  So for those who wants a little spice in their food this is the place and I will make it back there again when we return to Montreal,  Love it!
5	Delicious food - definitely french influenced, with just the right amount of spice.  The fact that it's BYOB is a huge plus, as these types of restaurants are usually just so much better.  They can't make money on their 350% markup of alcohol, so they really have to do well with the food.  This restaurant did not disappoint, both in service and taste.The inside is very small which makes this a pretty intimate place.  My girlfriend and I were clearly having a date night, but there was a row of tables lined up next to us that was set out for a large party.  It's nice when a restaurant can be small enough to have an intimate atmosphere, yet still accommodate a large range of group sizes.   I had the prix fixe menu, which was a LOT of food (so the price tag wasn't unreasonable at all), and every portion of it was delicious.If you're visiting Montreal, GO TO THIS PLACE.  If you live in Montreal, I am supremely jealous.
5	I have been at this restaurant twice now and just loved it. Their specialty is shark or octopus, both of them equally fantastic. It's also BYOW. Don't forget to try their orgasmic chocolate cake! Service was unpretentious and friendly and Jean-Pierre, the owner will bend over backwards to accommodate you. One of those restaurants that makes you happy to live in Montreal!
5	Excellent doesn't begin to describe this place! The owner is so friendly and helpful, very personable and enthusiastic about the cuisine of Reunion. Pluses -BYOB - save the money on alcoholMenu can be spicy, can be mild and other areas of the map I didn't know existedReasonably pricedI took his suggestion and ordered the octopus - cooked perfectly, very tender in the sauce, rice was cooked nicely. The accompanying the sauces were an nice to play with and combine flavors.Highly recommended!
5	Important...Yelp has this categorized incorrectly.  The cuisine is not French, but French/African Creole and is one of the most unique dining experiences I've ever had.  I was visiting Montreal for the weekend, and by sheer luck I discovered this GEM.  I live in New York City, and consider myself quite the foodie.  I have a policy in NYC to not repeat restaurants, since there are so many and so many that I still have to discover.  If Le Piton was in NYC, I would be in this restaurant every other week...that's how incredibly good it was.To start, I loved the ambiance.  The music was good, audible but not too loud.  Lit perfectly, and the decor made me feel like I was visiting an island paradise.Next, the owner himself, Jean Pierre, was our host and waiter for the evening.  He's a very pleasant and amicable man, who, even though I spoke not the slightest bit of French, was ever so gracious from the very beginning.  He spoke very good english, important for a tourist Gringo like myself.Important to mention...the restaurant is BYOB.  This is very good for keeping the cost down.  Try to bring a nice white to complement the spices.  There is a convenience store across the street, but it's wine selection was limited at best, so if you can, plan ahead and bring a nicer bottle you have lying around.   A good sweet white or a Nouveau or a nice Lambrusco would really go well witht he subtle spices in the food. The food...amazing.  Menu is prix fixe and very reasonably priced.  I started off with a salad that was unique, light, but sweet and delicious.  I then moved onto the octopus.  This was the most unique and saporific octopus I'd ever had.  Was not rubbery AT ALL, a first for me.  I highly, HIGHLY recommend trying it (Jean Pierre confessed later that it's his favorite too).  Not tried was the shark, though this is the other specialty of the house, so I trust that it must be good.Jean Pierre has been meticulous in putting together his restaurant, and everything fits together beautifully.  The menu is one of the most amazingly crafted menus I've ever experienced.  Jean Pierre sticks to the mantra of doing a few things, but doing them better than anyone else.  If you are in Montreal visiting...go to this restaurant.  If you live in Montreal...go to this restaurant often.  You will not be disappointed.
1	This restaurant is no longer here.
