3	Let me start by saying this is one of my favorite runs. Not just in Arizona, but around the country. The atmosphere is incredible, the finish is one of the best I have experienced. Nothing quite like coming up the ramp, through the tunnel and sprinting down the football field, getting high fives from ASU football players while you are on the jumbo-tron. The race has grown from 5000 in the first year to well over 25,000 this year (although the announcer indicated the 2010 race topped 30,000) The race directors have learned and grown over the years. No timing chips the first year, but since then they have been added. Regular shirt in year one, now technical shirts - and this year's was one of the best looking. Everyone has been herded together in the past, but this year the corral was introduced. The lineup, the course, the volunteers and the event itself are top tier. One tip - get there early - way early because there is limited parking. If you think you can show up a little before the run, chances are you will be disappointed. The Scottsdale exit gets blocked and the 202 backs up. Save some time and park somewhere that will allow you to take the light rail. Big headache averted. If I love this run so much, why only 3 stars? While the event itself is wonderful and the community gives incredible support, the exit plan is a huge fail. Crossing the finish line people stand on the field and get in the way. There is one little gate at the back to funnel all 25,000-30,000 people. Yes, they do not all arrive at once, but people lolly-gag and it backs up. When you get through the gate, many people turn right because it is wide open and looks like you can take the ramp out of the stadium; however, those gates are not open and there is no exit. The only exit is through that gate and up the stairs to the second floor. Try climbing those stairs while people are standing around, taking pictures of themselves and others are getting drinks from the second level and trying to come back down the stairs. Then once on the second level, it is still crowded. In fact, it often takes longer to exit the stadium than it does to run the race. Recommendation to the run committee for next year: Open the back gate so that some of the traffic is alleviated. If a clear and quick exit can be created, this will be a solid 5 star event.
4	Having just recently starting running, Pat's Run was something I had been wanting to do for a long time. Not so much for the run part, but to pay tribute to a great man, Pat Tillman. I got the whole family together and we hopped on the light rail on a very early Saturday morning to participate.It's a fairly well-organized event. We had checked in early, so we just needed to meet up with our team and find the proper timing corral to wait in. This was the biggest outcome yet- around 28,000 people. It's a great run- if you're walking you probably get a more scenic tour or Tempe, but it's just beautiful. Even if you don't run or walk it, there are a million things to do- a fun morning for the whole family.The only thing I really had a problem with was the parts of the route that bottle-necked and became too crowded. I think my time would have been a little better if I wasn't forced to slow down due to runner/walker traffic! Either way, it's a great day. My older daughter did the 4.2 run as well and just had a blast. She loved giving high-fives to the ASU football players. My younger daughter did the kids run after, and wants to participate in the longer run next year. I was happy to be a part of such a great event, and will continue to do so every year they hold it.
5	Great event, good cause, good run.  Nice mini-tour through Tempe (4.2 miles) to honor Pat Tillman #42.  The run is scenic, plenty of water available and tons of sponsors giving away free stuff.  Very crowded now a days, but that is to be expected.  Pick up your tag and shirt  days before the event though to avoid the chaos.  Overall a well organized event and a well known Tempe tradition.
4	This was my first year doing Pat's Run. What a great event! Considering the crowd that participates they did a pretty good job organizing things. There were plenty of opportunities to pick up your race packet the week prior. I really liked the women's v-neck tech t-shirt commemorating the event also. The route itself was fine although with so many people it wasn't wide enough at times. We had to cram through narrow areas and  a lot of us who run ended up a slow shuffle behind so many people. Finishing in the stadium was great and overall it's a fun event to support a great cause and remember a local hero. I'd definitely sign up again for next year!
4	Second year participating- it definitely seemed a bit more organized than last year. I think they had to since they are getting record numbers. Loved the wristband idea for kids/parents. The shirts were better this year too, not see-through like last year. Still not a fan of certain parts of the course that are too narrow. 30k is a lot of people to get through a narrow residential section. Also loved the irony of the sponsors- a healthy family event sponsored by Chic-fil-A and McDonalds! All in all a fun morning and a great way to honor Tillman and raise money for a great foundation. This year the entire family ran the 4.2 mile course, as well as my sister and friend from MA and NY!
4	first time doing pat's run. we see the t-shirts all over town from years past and finally remembered to sign up this year. they do a great job of organizing packet pickups (option of tues, wed, thurs prior to the race), and having so many vendors with freebies afterwards. my favorite part was ending on the stadium field. since i'm not a sports fan, ironic that my first venture to a sports arena since moving here 7 years ago, i get to walk on the field! the energy of the event is amazing and all to celebrate a local, now international hero. but as with every running event i've ever done, slow people and walkers never learn. they jam the race course and for some reason, think it's ok to start in the higher tier corrals. i'm not running to win, but it sucks to get into your groove only to suddenly be stuck behind 5 or 6 walkers (whom obviously started way before you...why do they think that's ok to block the folks behind them?). i digress.....all in all fun event. will be back next year....wearing a cow pusher on my chest.
4	The cause and organization deserve 5 stars but the race itself was a little chaotic. I think the course it's not fit for 30,000 people. I'm not a fast runner but it was a serious annoyance to have walkers and people with strollers in the earliest corrals. They were supposed to be at the last one.  While I love the congenial and family atmosphere, what bothers me is that they put others at risk. If you you're walking, keep to the sides, and for Pete's sake if you're walking with a stroller, don't stop suddenly!! I almost fell over a woman that did this at one of the narrow turns. All in all, it was a good experience, but I think next year I'm donating and but not running.
5	the 8th Annual Pat Tillman Run was today and man did it get hot! it was a great, fun event, with a ton of participants. the run is fun, but of course, you can get bogged down behind walkers and strollers that obviously started in a much earlier corral. no bother because i guess this run is more about the cause than your personal best. they have plenty of water stops and fruit, water, and energy drinks at the end. something about finishing in the stadium seems so very cool to me. a great event and i really like the red shirts this year.
5	Another great Pat's Run! One of the best t-shirts I've ever gotten from a run before too! Sold-out again this year but somehow it seemed a little more organized and let people know what to expect. Three water stations along the route and water, bananas and oranges at the end. There were also some outside sponsors there handing out freebies-I did have a refreshing smoothie from jamba juice. Cool finish line inside Sun Devil stadium, that's probably the best part. Along with being there with all those thousands of people for a great cause!
5	Best run ever!   It may not be the longest but it sure was fun, and what a great cause! Only complaint I have (and I hate to complain about this cause)   When people sign up they for some reason like to put down that they are great runners with great times so they get put in the front of the group, well after the first mile they give up and walk, making obstacle for the rest of us.  If you have a chance to do this race, DO IT!
4	This is was my 1st time doing Pat's Run; I went with about 13 of my fellow coworkers, it was a good race, only one small issue, I am a walker so I didn't start the race until an hour after it officially started, which wasn't the issue, when we got to the 1st mile marker at the water tables, the 1st 2 tables were yelling at racers go to the end, this is for vip racers, wow, yelling at us?  Water is water, let them drink. That was the only issue I had. I would do the race again next year!
5	A very well organized and executed event for a great cause.  It was a genuine pleasure to participate to both help the Tillman Foundation raise money, pay respects to Pat Tillman, and to challenge myself to do better physically.A great day with my wife, son, and friends.
4	First timer here! I was talked into doing this run with a coworker who didn't even end up signing up to do it after I did, so I thought, "Whatever! I'm still doing it!" Luckily, another friend of mine who runs all the time decided to do it with me, and so I'm glad were able to go together. I really didn't know what to expect. I definitely didn't expect there would be 20-something corrals. My friend signed up that she ran 9 min miles and I signed up that I did 10:30-11 min miles. That placed her in the 5th corral and my time placed me in the 22nd corral. She decided to wait in my corral with me and that forced her to wait a whole hour for my corral to start. The first few corrals were done by the time we started and the corral waiting areas were so packed like sardines. It felt great to finally start jogging/running and some of the "runners" in the earlier corrals were already walking about 5-10 minutes in, so I was surprised. This just meant there was a bit more weaving involved, but oh well, I was glad to see there were so many people in support of this run.I enjoyed finishing the run in the stadium. I've never been in a run where you end up in a stadium. There's people up on the bleachers and people everywhere on the grass. The support was great in there when you were done! I The shirts given this year were really nice. They were almost like that dry fit material instead of just cheap cotton. I showed my brother-in-law the shirt, and he joked and said that he would do the run just for that cool shirt since it is only $35 to enter the run and shirts like that usually cost close to that. There were tons of vendors there to explore when done with the race. Our favorite vendor was Chick-Fil-A, because they were handing out free chicken sandiwiches!! Of course, once people found out that they were doing that, people started stalking the Chick-Fil-A truck. The volunteer/workers at Chick-Fil-A had to be more discreet about passing the sandwiches out and take little rolling coolers and sneak around the back of the truck to get to other parts of the crowd. Jamba Juice was dependable as it has been at other runs I've been to, and they had no shortage of free jamba juice! Overall, great time and unique experience ending in the Sun Devil Stadium (which I am hesitant to say since I am a diehard Wildcat alumni...) Helpful hint: The sun felt more intense each mile into the race, so next time I am bringing a Waterpak! You should too if you decide to do it!
4	This a great run with an unforgettable finish line! I highly recommend it to first time runners even though it's longer than your typical 5k. You can always feel the energy when you arrive at this event and you're serving a wonderful local cause. The only downside is that the number of people will slow you down if you're trying to go fast. My advice: Have fun and finish with drinks on Mill Ave!
5	Extremely well organized event, lots of fun, and benefiting a great cause. This was my first year doing Pat's Run and I was little nervous when I realized that nearly 28,000 runner and walkers were entered, but it couldn't have gone smoother. Everyone is sorted into starting groups, and assuming you accurately estimated your time, it works quite well. Yes, there are always those people who overestimate the pace they can maintain, but it's not the Olympics so don't worry about it. There's plenty of room on the course to get around slower runners.The ending is cool because you get to run out onto the field at Sun Devil Stadium. I suppose since Pat Tillman played defense, it would be even cooler if you had to avoid a linebacker while getting to the finish line, but I digress.After the main race, there is a huge expo taking place with lots of sponsors giving away free stuff. There's also a giant kids expo with inflatables, arts and crafts, and representatives from all the local sports teams. There's even a kids race that I plan to take my kids to next year.All in all, whether you're a competitive runner, a jogger, a walker, or even just a cheerleader, Pat's Run is an event you don't want to miss.
5	My first race 2013. Really only my second marathon in my entire life. One was years ago when I was much younger and only for a mile. I hobbled through this one walking. We ran a short while but mostly we laughed and snapped pics along the pretty route. And such beautiful weather!!! Last year it was hot but this year was perfect!     All abilities are welcome at Pat's Run. They even have a wheelchair and kids race. Participating in this event is an honor. It is the least I can do when I think about what soldiers do daily to keep me safe. This is an outstanding race with tons of energy and fun! Lots of Freebies at the Expo before and after. Everyone is soooooo nice. Tempe Police were wonderful! I never felt safer and respected. People watching is fun. What the runners wear is so wonderful, and at times a bit odd, but I suppose that is part of the fun and tribute. I saw a man who had on a military uniform but his head was missing and replaced with a robot helmet. Very cool! I saw another man in a spandex suit. All Spandex red, white and blue. Teehee! Some fireman walked in full hazard gear. My walking partner, a fireman's daughter, said that was pretty crazy and dangerous. Everyone wants to do their small part to honor the fallen. Who everyone is walking for is inspirational to read about and hear the stories. Lots of Boston love!  Honoring Tillman is a humbling and awe inspiring event. I passed out water last year with the USO and I wanted to participate in the race this year even though I do not run. I walked the entire 4.2 miles with a broken shoe and a hole worn straight through my socks. lol!   In regards to some other comments made by other reviewers. The stroller issue has been resolved this year. I had no problems with getting water and was a water passer outer last year. I never heard of a VIP table for water as Monica said. I am not sure what that was all about but again I was at mile marker 3 with water. The fee is 45 dollars. I do not think that is very high for a charity run. Also, that fee more than pays itself with the freebies and discounts the participants get in the virtual Goodie Bag. In fact I contributed more.    I have to say the sense of community was great. Other racers were so friendly. The folks at the Expo were wonderful and generous. All in all, I was honored to participate and show some love for a true American hero.
5	Considering the amount of people that run this race, all doing the same distance, it was extremely well organized. There were parts where I felt like I could run faster but the crowd held me back. But that should be expected at a race this size. The route was a nice challenge with some fun hills. And running into the stadium for the finish line was such an experience! This will be a race I do year after year. Can't ask for more than to run in honor of such an amazing American!
5	This was a well organized run with a great turnout. 2013 was my first year running and I plan to continue running in future races! This is a great cause, the entrance fee is very affordable and most importantly, the run s a wonderful showing of support for the memory of Pat Tillman.
5	This race has grown exponentially since 2005.  This is a great short course (4.2 miles) through Tempe, across the river and back to Sun Devil Stadium.  some years there is a really cool bag pipe player that resembled Pat with long flowing hair as you are running through the tunnel to the finish line...was pretty cool AND LOUD.  Gets your attention why you are running the race in the first place.  The pipes were unfortunately not played this past race (April 2013) but hopeful for a return next April.
2	I have done the race several times. Great cause and very pretty course, but not what I would call a well run event. The last time I participated I waited in my "coral" more than an hour in the very hot sun from the time I Should have started before I could actually start. I think they could have done a better job at calculating my "start time" so I didn't have to wait this unbearable hot sun for such a long period of time. I will pass on this event in the future. Maybe the organizers will smarten up and limit registration numbers to match the capacity of the course and area.
5	Another awesome run for an awesome cause! It has grown so much since I first started! Everything is awesome, the water is spread out every mile, and there are always cool samples of new products at the end for participants! One thing though, people are SO PUSHY AND RUDE while running! Come on, this is a fun event and there are children here! If you're not competing to be first, why are you pushing other people around and zig zagging in and out of people's paths? FOR ALL FUTURE PARTICIPANTS - PLEASE be aware of those around you and remember this is a fun event. There is no reason to knock other people out of the way or cut them off. And you moms who think your stroller is awesome to bring,... it's not, so don't. Our ankles appreciate it.
5	Best place to hang out with your friends and meet new friends while exercise for a good cause.
4	Another successful year! This was my 5th time running. As usual it is too big for such a small course, but I understand why they wouldn't want to cut it off at a smaller number. You definitely do not run this race to make a time goal, especially if you are a slower runner as I am. Good or bad, rain or shine, I will always participate in this run, because the cause it more important than anything.
