5	Out of all 3 Kam Fung locations, this is by far my favourite because of the quality and freshness of the food, the attentiveness of the wait staff and the timely service. This location is quite large, perfect to accommodate large groups, even weddings. They are busiest on Saturday nights around 7-8ish, so I would suggest Friday nights between 6-8. Being creatures of habit, we normally order one crab claw for me (OMGGG SO DELICIOUS!!) and Danny orders spring rolls (he's allergic to seafood, so he doesn't get to partake in the yummy deep-fried crab claw indulgence). For our mains, we get chicken fried rice (with soy sauce, very very important), chicken chow mein, and beef and chinese broccoli. So, so, so good. Every dish we try is always super good; so far, we've had the pepper chicken and crispy spinach (one of my ultimate faves), crispy chicken, beef and chinese broccoli, chicken chow mein, chow fun with black bean sauce, lemon chicken, general tao, chicken fried rice, crab claws, spring rolls.. I'm sure there are more, but I'm just torturing myself at this point with the trip down memoery lane! What makes the meal that much better though, is the tapioka soup that is served for dessert. Normally they will either bring you orange slices or banana with chocolate sauce and fortune cookies unless you ask for the tapioka soup. There are 2 variations, one hot and one cold, and sometimes they have a sweet lentil soup. All are yummmmm. Definitely worth the trip over the bridge for you "island"ers.
3	Hmm, I really have mixed feelings about this place.On one hand, the food is exceptional, huge portions, fair pricing, and the environment is really neat. The service is prompt and they refill the teapot fairly often.On the other hand, the chariots rarely pass in front of my table whenever I'm seated near the entrance, especially the ones with the congee and the chow mein, two of my favorite dim sum dishes. They arrive when I'm already stuffed with other goodness, and then I order them nonetheless and eat until I have stomachache.Please, ask to be seated near the windows or deeper in the dining room, you'll get more varieties of food in less time. Also, if you come in during the weekends, make sure to arrive before 11am, or endure the long, torturous wait.
3	I don't know...I feel like all dim sum places in Montreal taste the same, including this one. Must be just me, though I am no dim sum expert. Anyhow, this one seemed decent. Ate here with my bf and his mother and the experience was interesting. We decided to share a table with 2 other groups because we were just starving from waiting. It was extremely busy at the time we came, and we just wanted to eat.The hostess accepted our request and put us at a large table with 4 other people. She was very pleasant.Now onto the food! The har gow was not heavily stuffed with shrimp, rather it was smaller in size. I noticed that some dim sum places make extremely large har gow...too much shrimp like it's overkill. The flat shrimp pancake rolls were slightly on the dry end, and this happens to be my favorite dish. Bummer. Overall the food was decent, service was ok except they messed up the bill making us pay 15 dollars more than we should have. Thank goodness my bf and his mother rechecked the bill!Come here for dim sum if you're in the brossard neighborhood, it's fair priced and acceptable. Also the establishment holds a  lot of people, so it is quite spacious.
4	This must be the only dim sum restaurant left in Brossard since Jing Hua closed down- it looks wildly succesful, my family has been a couple times and there's always a line up out the door if you arrive around lunch time.It's a huge open space, decorated nicely, red carpeting, chandeliers and gold dragons on the back wall however, despite being fairly new, you can tell there's been high traffic. Dings and scratches on the walls, curtains and hanging liquor license and other plates are crooked and look unkempt.Food is delicious, probably the best I've had outside of China - it actually really reminds me of being at a busy dim lunch right in Hong Kong, so many locals!Portions are generous and everything tastes fresh. Only issue is if you don't speak Chinese, staff can't help you too much. I had to ask 3 different people for a fork and getting a glass of water was equally challenging. Carts came around quite often for being seated at the front, but after half an hour of trying to track down some type of radish patty dish I like, it was all gone by the time it came near me.If you're a "foreigner" to dim sum, I strongly recommend checking out their website for pictures of the menu that way you know what to expect when the trolleys come around.
3	3.65 rating.  Was okay, they mainly have carts, very spacious and big. The fried calamari looked good but didn't taste as good bc it had been sitting out too long..yak. That ruined my appetite so do not get it unless it's fresh. Other than that, I did enjoy the other things like the egg tart, shrimp dim sum, and cheong (shrimp rice wrap).
1	The waitress forget to order our food to the kitchen,  waited for 1:15 for the first out of six plates. Returned the chicken sweet and sour,  too hard and couldn't see the chicken but flours, no bowl,  missing napkins and on and on.  The waitress didn't bother to see us to apologize,  serving desert or giving us the bill.  In fact we waited for 15 minutes for the bill before asked them directly from the front cashier.  Only 1 of the 6 plates were decent. Will go to Chinatown instead for the future.
