3	A bit too complicated for my taste!Patio=10Service=9Food=9Restroom=9Fun and relaxing=5Price=8Enjoying going out for lunch or dinner is a combination of many factors.  Here at Mat'ine, almost everything is fine, but there is not much fun and "Joie de Vivre".Just getting on the patio is complicated, the waiter had to find the key to open the door (coming in AND going out).Then the menu is really complicated...half of what is written is not available, and what was offered by reading  was way too much to bother.Finally by the time we got a very nice wine (private selection 53$) got a very nice Beet root appetizer, with many colors, tastes.Then the Catch of the day was a Fish plate with tangerines and carrots in it's juice.  Good but not "I will go back for that dish"Had a few more glasses of Sauvignon (4 in total)  real nice but instead of pouring the second order of that wine (there was just a bit left in that bottle) she told me the servers would enjoy tasting it...Also ordered a Strawberry tart for desert, very tasty, not too sweet, just very nice and tasty.  I pulled a strawberry out of it just for all the bees around, to make them happy!!Apparently Clove nails do a better job (servers came often, more than twice reminding me about their latest discovery, cloves).Will I go back:  yes- to try again and because of the patio...
1	Thursday Sep 25th:It is a beautiful fall day today and I'm off work and decided to give Ma'tine a second chance.  The person who answered the phone told me that he did not like my last review so I was NOT welcome...That was a pretty good and constructive review actually: so I called back and had to fight my way back.  I was allowed in the place on the patio and with my dog and the food  was great so as staff. Spent 50$ for food and a couple of glass wine including gratuities.Friday Sept 26th:Still another beautiful day worked all morning and called to make a reservation on the patio, was looking for again great time.  That DID NOT happen even after 2pm.So as I arrived at the restaurant AND I was told that  they had complaints about my dog on the patio the day before, even if he was is sleeping under the picnic table. And was  not allowed to the empty patio and turned at the door by Sophie, she did suggest that I tied him outside the patio...This place is profiling clients.  I will not write more as it is NOT worth it.Quality of food is not all in the restaurant business, Atmosphere, service, cutlery and china, location, toilets are ALL factors.  ALL you have the quality of food, you have lots of competition around.I have took lots of pictures, I will upload later once I find out how to do it...Best of luck
