2	This is one of those places where you go in and squirt your own frozen yogurt into a cup, and then put toppings on it from a salad-bar like arrangement of cups full of everything from fruit to gummi bears.  It's probably worth going once to experience the futuristic lineup of ice cream nozzles on the wall and the little teevee screens showing you what the flavor is.  And I'm sure kids would love it because you can get your huge cup of ice cream and throw enough sugar in there to pretty much kill you instantly.  That said, even though I hold froyo to a much lower standard than I do real ice cream, this was not that good.  It tasted like something you'd make with a chemistry set.   It didn't help that the dark chocolate was screwed up and would barely come out of the machine, so my planned dark chocolate/tahitian vanilla mix ended up nearly all "vanilla".  I'll probably go back sometime after giving them a chance to work out the kinks but I have to say, if I'm going to take on the calories that go with ice cream I'd rather head over to Cold Mountain Creamery for a real scoop in a cone.
5	I absolutely LOVE Pink Spoon. They have updated their frozen yogurt flavors and I've been eating less and less ice cream after tasting how good this stuff is. Its much healthier and much lighter in caloric intake. I feel better after I've checked out and finished my cup then I would have if I had went to Dairy Queen or Stone Cold Creamery. The toppings are a nice plus too. You can choose over an assortment of fruits and candy. They even have both cheesecake as a topping and yogurt flavor! My favorite yogurt however is the blueberry.
5	My daughter and I have been twice and both times we've loved the Pink Spoon. I especially love it that it's a self-serve operation. That way I know exactly what I'm getting and I'm sure it's exactly what I want. The young lady who works there is really nice. If you look at all confused, she helps by offering you a taste of any flavor you want to try.  :-)  Yesterday my daughter and I both mixed two flavors. I chose the California Tart and the French Vanilla. I topped mine with strawberries, almonds, and a few Kit Kat pieces. My daughter chose Cookies and Cream and the Raspberry. She topped her fro-yo with mini M&Ms, Kit Kat pieces, and Oreos.Our total was $12 but it was worth it. We had a LOT of fro-yo and we only go to places like this a few times a month. It's a nice treat and it was restful to sit out on the Pink Spoon side patio enjoying a conversation in the sunshine with my daughter. It's also nice that they have a punch card. (Your 10th cup is free, with 9 purchases of at least 8 oz. Yeah I know 8 oz of fro-yo sounds like a lot but it's not. If  you don't think you can eat it, take a friend with you.)We'll definitely be returning and I absolutely recommend Pink Spoon.
3	Self serve Pink Spoon! I came here with some friends to find a place to hang out and talk. And this place has an array of toppings/yogurt flavors. I thought it was pretty good, however I always feel kind of dry throat when I eat dairy products like ice cream so it wasn't really my type of spot.They weigh by the pound, so you can get any cup you want and the heavier the cup the more you pay. Simple as that. Great place for a local hang out for a cup and a frosty yogurt.
4	Even though this place took over one of my favorite (Bubble Tease) business locations, it is a welcome site to see the place up and running.  I went in, everything was super clean and white-spaceship-like.Same formula as every other froyo self-serve place.  They did offer a large variety (usually most places have 8 or so flavors... this place had at least 10-12).  The toppings are pretty standard... I did notice that the fruit was cut pretty large (probably to add more weight), but I found it nice since I usually keep it as separate as possible from my froyo.Tried the caramelized custard and the cheesecake flavors.  Both were excellent!  Great for a hot day post-lunch snack.
