3	This is,along with the Sahara,Frontier and Riviera the oldest propertyon the Strip. Unlike those others,however,this one doesn't show itsage,at least not in the guest rooms. They've been nicely updated,andare a real value,as the thousands of elderly tourists who flock hereto see Wayne Newton will tell you. Pools are decent but have long since been overshadowed by the newer  hotels. If you get a greatrate and have a car this is not a bad choice. Keep in mind you'll haveto drive or shuttle to get to the better part of town.
5	Natashka, cheap? While you all know and love me for my expensive tastes (from Verbier to Cartier, I always say), even Natashka can enjoy some things that come cheap: Cheap liquor, cheap pornography... etc . But above all, Natashka loves things that should be expensive, but come cheap. Which leads me to the Stardust. I hate to admit it, but I booked Stardust purely due to $60. internet special. By the time I got off my plane, endured the horrendous LV traffic, and arrived at the front desk of the Stardust, it was midnight. I had an 8am appointment, and was ready to curl up in cheap hotel room and get beauty rest. I was too tired even to take much notice when the lady clerk informed me she had given me a suite. "suite--" i thought, "what can a suite be like at the Stardust??". I did not even make much effort to thank her. My opinion changed, however, upon entering the marble floored foyer of my suite, the bedroom of which was annoyingly bigger than my entire apartment at home... My day came to a very pleasant close, being massaged by the jets in my mammoth jacuzzi, and gazing through the panoramic windows over the carnivalesque Las Vegas strip. I was informed the next morning by my taxi driver that the Stardust is going to be torn down soon... I suggest you yelpers all try and take advantage of this "cheap" hotel before that happens. Not, of course, that you should expect to get the same service as me, Natashka, but its worth a shot.
4	International House. While all of the hotels draw visitors from around the world, this seems to be especially true of the Stardust. While dining at the breakfast buffet, I overheard accents from England, Germany, France, and noticed a plethora of guests from Asia (not unusual) and Africa (not African American). The concierge desk carries free copies of Japanese Tourist magazine.Not that there's anything wrong with that.The Stardust is another throwback to the heyday of the Rat Pack and the Mob, but it seems to have held up better than some of its contemporaries. It is, I must note, the last refuge of polyester pants, particularly in pastel colors. The buffet is decent, and coupons in the magazines available on site offer $2 off.Not that any of this matters, as the "resort" is scheduled for implosion at the end of 2006.
1	I rarely get misled by Yelp reviews, but in this case, I did. I was looking for a last minute budget hotel, and I saw the raving comments of the Yelpers who reviewed this property before me. So I went for it... and I regreted it the whole time I was there.This morally exhausted stinky property presents itself with a heavy cigarette & old carpet stench that embraces you intimately since the first moment when you open the oily dirty glass doors.We reserved a non-smoking room, and were horrified to learn that all non-smoking rooms were already occupied (our flight from Santa Ana arrived at 9:00 PM). I begged them to find a solution, stating that at some point last year I had bronchitis and was suffocating and I have phobia / allergy of cigarette smoke, etc... Nothing helped. The so-called manager told me "what do I care, I won't be here tomorrow anyway"... Was it her last evening at work???A requested full refund was not given either, since we booked the reservation at hotels.com (umm! a review is pending... hehehe). One of our Yelpers suggested they upgraded her to a suite since they didn't have her type of room available... Wo-o-o-w! You were so lucky, sister (or perhaps the person who worked at the front desk was different than the lady who "helped" us?)In order NOT to help us, these people came up with all sort of arguments such as "when you make a reservation at a hotel, smoking vs. non-smoking room is not a choice- it is merely a REQUEST!" wow, I traveled the world, I never heard of such baloney before!Anyway, "LET THE WOOKIE WIN!"- we had to cede- clearly we had no choice but to accept ANY ROOM they wanted to give us. We went upstairs, opened the room door, and our worst nightmare materialized itself: the room has the worst, heaviest cigarette stench we've ever experienced! ARGH!I really cannot understand people who can lock themselves into an enclosed space (with a studded window, to make sure you cannot open it and commit suicide) and start smoking heavily, non-stop. With the AC cycling the air 300 times, making sure all the smoke will be completely absorbed by everything inside the room... What is so enjoyable about that? Otherwise, the decor was not the worst ever. It was one level higher than Motel 6, I think.Somehow we were able to sleep- we were tired.The next day, we succeeded to get a non-smoking room.When we checked out, we got charged $1 per day for "telephone usage charge". None of us ever touched the phone inside the room! I tried to argue this unfair charge, but the rude person at the front desk was ready to fight over it. Yet another person who knew they won't be there tomorrow, so they didn't care!Here is why: I overheard the hotel will be imploded in less than 3 months... In the end, this is really GREAT! I think i will open a bottle of champagne when this happens. Will look forward to hear the news!Seriously, I really cannot understand how come the other reviewers were so excited about this horrible mediocre property? Please explore a bit further! You need to establish and build your criteria; otherwise, you're misleading everyone. Anyway, I am sure you didn't do it in a malevolent way. One person's paradise is another person's hell...
3	It's sad to hear it's closing -- it was always good for a cheap place to crash (if you could deal with the fact that a turning on a blacklight in any of the rooms would immediately blind you with a bevy of various dried fluids on just about every part of the room -- which most of us in Vegas had come to terms with, since the same can be said of most of the city).R.I.P., Stardust.
5	I used to come here for the steak and lobster dinner which was served from 10AM till midnight.  It was 11.95 without a coupon and 8.95 with so it really was the best deal on the strip.  I became a frequent stayer here thanks to a couple years of CES and man did I love this place, all the feel of downtown, right on the strip.  Unlike downtown hotels, the rooms were actually pretty nice and free of that old booze/cigarette smell, and at $40-60 they were a hell of a deal.  I haven't been back in a while but I kept meaning to goYou can imagine my heartbreak when last sunday I made the massive treck up the strip to grab my surf and turf dinner, and what did I find, but my beloved stardust was gone.  Granted I should have known when they stopped sending me the weekly postcard about cheap rooms, but still this was crushing.
3	Gone now (torn down - that's progress, folks). The Stardust had an OK buffet. Good seafood. I think they should at least keep the name and memory alive by putting the sign up somewhere just for the heck of it - and I'm not talking about some dusty museum thing. Oh well, I really don't give a crap. That's life and I certainly will not lose any sleep over it. Look for a new place to hang around when you're bored.... that's my belief. Hey, have you been to the Bahama Breeze yet?!!!
1	STARDUST BUFFETAfter having spent a few days in Las Vegas and eating at all the buffets at Belagio, Wynn, and Planet Hollywood, it was time to try one of the old-school buffets.Not wanting to spend much more $$$ on buffet food, Eugene and I asked a taxi driver for some recommendations. He suggested Stardust....and we paid the price ($11)....absolutely the worst buffet food ever. The food was stale, tasteless, and spartan. The selection was somewhat limited, but the sad part was that for what they had, it really amounted to nothing palletible. I barely finished anything and I'm the Buffet King. IF I CAN'T FINISH FOOD, you definitely know something is wrong!!! You get what you pay for!Recommendation: If you're going to eat at buffets, go to the real ones. Unfortunately, old school buffets truly are "old"
4	5 years later, and I still miss this place.My aunt worked here for close to 10 years so in some ways it's a childhood memory. It wasn't at all perfect, but it had been around for close to 50 years and hadn't been updated in a while unfortunately. (Another thing, the main tower had only been around for 16 years at the time of implosion......yeah, hardly what I would call "outdated" The Mirage is older than that!).I've always been strangely fascinated by the place, constantly reading up on it's history and whatnot. When it first opened in 1958 it was the largest hotel in the world (at about 1000 rooms at that, which by today's standards is somewhat small), and judging from the aerial shots of it I've seen from when it first opened as well as the 1960s the place was pretty epic, even by today's standards. It must have been quite the chore to get to the casino if your room was all the way in the back. The marquee was simple, but beautiful, and it also had the coolest. logo. ever. (Up until the 80's when it was changed to a lame Helvetica font, talk about messing up a good thing)The place was dark, smoky and had a low ceiling, which pumped the place full of character. You could almost feel the sketchy mob history of the place just walking through it (another thing most people don't know is that shortly after the Stardust opened they incorporated a neighboring hotel called the Royal Nevada into the building which they used up until the day the place closed. It was the little shopping mall section at the south end of the building). I also believe it could have been haunted. In the less active mall area there was a rather eerie feeling. All of which makes the place even more awesome. I'm still convinced the owners are crazy to have closed down and imploded this building. Yes, it was no Bellagio or Venetian, but why does everyone expect every place on The Strip to be exactly the same now? The Strip seems to get more and more monotonous every day, I have nothing against progress but that doesn't mean we need to destroy everything that makes Vegas "Vegas". It was imploded in 2006 (or was it early 2007? I'm having trouble remembering) to make way for the Echelon (I.E. a blatant copycat of the Wynn), a project which was stopped in it's tracks less than a year after construction began. People try to tell me "it was necessary" or "it was good for the future" but if you had a choice between a glamorous icon of local history and an abandoned construction site and/or signs advertising empty promises which one would you choose?
1	This is the worst hotel on the Las Vegas Strip i have ever stayed at! The food at the buffet is just as bad. The rooms are cheaper then some of the others on the strip but they are terrible. My sister told me who cares is not like were going to stay in the room anyway were in Las Vegas and most people are out all night but at some point you do have to come back to get some sleep. Never Again!
2	This place was terrible. My wife and I stayed here years ago. RIP. Only good thing about this place is my wife and I staying here when we first met. Thats it. Its was cheap compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip. The out side was typical, with a average decor.
