1	Wish I knew the name of the lady manning the ticket counter because I would put her on blast for how UNHELPFUL she was and the trouble she put us all through.Sunday morning, arrived at McCarran to leave Vegas after a bachelorette party. We were by no means late having arrived 9:50 am for an 11:20 flight for LAX. My friends and I had checked in at the kiosk while the lone friend who had brought along a big luggage was trying to check that in as well. The minute she gets up to the front of the line, the AA worker informs my friend that her check in time has already passed and her seat may be given away to stand by. With no other vacancies on other flights, she prints out a boarding pass for a flight the next day at 7 am. We asked whether there was anything she could do to get on the same flight with us. The AA worker is neither helpful.. nor sympathetic.. a person we spent way too much time trying to reason with and plead for help. Maybe just to get us off her back, she tells us to go try waiting at the terminal and if we get lucky, our friend may be able to board as standby. She doesn't tell us anything more nor anything less and walks off. WHAT??AA worker must have been with the airline for who knows how long.. she must have known that we can't get past TSA without a gate pass. We don't know this since we've never worked at an airline nor have we ever missed a flight. But off we go to the TSA.. HUGE LINE... we make it to the front.. where they instruct us to go right back to get the gate pass. WHAT???. With the time now at 10:50... we instruct one friend to just go and get to the terminal.. see if there was anything they can do to wait for us and at the very least.. go home back to her kid and husband. The rest of us can manage if we were to miss a flight since we don't have too important an engagement. She bolts off to the terminal.. but thats no easy feat since you would have to first board a tram that takes you for 5 minutes to the other building where then you must run about a mile and take like.. 5 escalators to get there. She makes it to the terminal by 11:10 with 10 minutes to spare before departing.. where they inform her they've already closed the gate. So now we've all missed our flights. No refund. No apologies. There was no way we'd stay another day so we got a rental and drove back home..
2	Again...another airline I'm not wowed by. Our plane arrived late, so we didn't board on time. The plane was WAY out of date....no TV's, old seats, etc. And again, all the food has to be purchase, nothing for free. The staff on this airline was much nicer than other ones I have been on. I'm still on the hunt for a airline that I like!
2	I'm a loyal southwest flyer, but this time, SWA doesn't fly into itty bitty Wichita Falls, TX  so I had to fly with AA. The line to check in was long, but it moved fast.The gate agent was polite and really helpful, changed my little boy and I from tiny seats in the back to the front row behind first class.Now Isabel the flight attendant was NOT pleasant. The old woman next to me clutching her huge hand bag and service dog didn't get a word spoken to her, however me, with the 4 year old,the car seat, the stress of traveling with said 4 year old and the bag that was the SAME SIZE as the woman next to me, was told to find an storage cabinet and put it up there.Little did she know, I didn't put it back up for landing...and we all survived!
5	We were very happy to fly with American Airlines. The check in process was very quick and easy. My boyfriend and I had completely desperate seats. At the gate they upgraded our seats for us to sit together without us even asking them to do so. Awesome experience with outstanding customer service!
3	I just wish the flights would leave on time!
1	Ewwww..  I dislike this airlines...  I only ride it because it's what the government pays for me to travel....  always delayed, uncourteous workers, seating issues...  etc, etc, etc... I don't  know how I made reservations with a confirmation code two months prior to my flight and when I get to the gate I'm on standby for a seat...  delays, delays, delays...  Hate AA!!!
1	I would like to start off by saying that the reservations team that American Airlines has is by far one of the worst within the industry. When calling the automated  service the system doesn't understand the letter V. The when talking about changes with in my reservation. The 3 reps that handled me. Passed me on to another department like I was some washed up used person. All 3 reps wouldn't care for what I had to say. Let alone have a heart. A company like American Airlines should really value the travelers. Just when I truly thought that I found an airline that was amazing. Turned out to be a horrific experience..... I'm not sure why I'm even writing this. Not like this company even cares about me or anyone else that flys on AA... All I'm trying to do is fix my flight for my 30th birthday in SJU.
1	My first time flying American..even though my friend warned me against it.  My gate changed 2 times and was delayed 3 times..don't know if I'll make my connection now!
2	I always fly out of Fort Lauderdale using one of their competitors. The only reason I flew out of Miami using American Airlines is because I got a great deal to Las Vegas flying with them with hotel included. The only real chagrins I have with them are finding your reservation online and checking-in early. Finding my reservation online was not the easiest of tasks which prompted me to call to make sure I was indeed booked and ready to go. As far as checking-in early, I did receive the e-mail with that option to depart MIA but, nothing for my way back from LAS. No big deal, their check-in at the airport was stress free and easy to use.I'm not a fan of companies SPAMming your e-mail but, in this case any type of communication was non-existent for two weeks. Both to and fro. Useless stuff you don't need, however, that I did get e-mails for.
1	The last couple of times I have been on this Airline the Flight Attendants have been horribleI was sitting in row eight and by the time that they got to me they already ran out of food and coca cola.  I mean really with eight rows in front of you, you run out of everything.  They flight attendants all seem to hate there job and are so unfriendly.  I hope I dont have to fly AA again for awhile.
1	Don't let American Airlines screw up your vacation. Use some other airline like Jet Blue or Delta. These people don't have a clue how to run an airline. I will not use them ever again.
3	The thing to understand about American Airlines is that you have to have status to be treated well.  A long time ago I got "Gold" status after flying all over the country one year. I then participated in a little known program called the 10,000 mile challenge. Essentially you pay AA like $500 and try to fly 10,000 miles in 3 months. If you do it... You get Platinum status.  Now as a Platinum you can actually get upgrades and other perks that make flying AA worthwhile.  Once you have Platinum status you can essentially pay AA to keep it if you don't make the miles (but it's really expensive - like $1000 per year). Anyway, AA ain't do bad if you're a Platinum and now I've told all of you how to get it. Good luck!!
1	What has happened to AA!?! I have flown them for 30 years and have seen an abysmal service record for the past five years! Stupid me for not leaving them sooner but I was a loyal gold member. The last straw was the terrible service I received from AAdvantage customer service. I needed some info and got a gum chewing bimbo that really must have hated her job!To heck with American Airlines! I now fly Southwest Airlines. Much nicer people!
2	You just don't realize how nice Southwest is until you fly with these bozos. Old MD80s with tiny seats wedged together and bins that hold nothing so you have to check a carryon bag make it miserable. The crews seem jaded because everyone is miserable on the plane and they have just given up. I will do my best to avoid American
2	Got stuck on the plane for an extra hour after landing. Wifi is "free" but you have to pay for it.
1	Terrible! Understaffed and we waited in line for 2.5 hours to check our bags, at which time we missed our flight. It was their fault, a plane broke down and caused a huge delay. They refused to reimburse me for my hotel reservation I missed and refused to compensate me for the hotel I had to book in Miami because they ended up giving me a flight with an overnight layover. It's cost me hundreds of dollars for their delay and a much needed day on vacation. I would pay more and fly southwest. Avoid American and spirit at all cost
3	I really wanted to give 5 Stars, but I really can't. Overall, American Airlines has been awesome! I fly them more frequently than most other airlines now, and they're my "go-to" airline currently. BUT, I really have to say sometimes the gate agents are not very friendly. I understand how a stressful job like that can get to us at times, but it really boils down to the necessity of providing excellent customer service....always! The Las Vegas gate agents that I've encountered are just cold. Therefore, had to give 3 Stars. On the flip side, I've been very impressed by the customer service of other AA staff- a very helpful ticket agent in Dallas...and all of the flight crews I've seen.  On my last flight with AA to Dallas, I was privileged to fly first class. The service was excellent the whole flight, and the food was much better than I would have imagined! Some kind of Quiche with spinach and cheese. A side of fresh fruit and a muffin. Yum! Even in coach they have some great snack options for purchase, most are pretty healthy. I bought the protein pack for $6 and it was surprisingly delicious! It had Nature Valley fig bars...so good! I even bought a box when I returned home.
2	Flight from Miami was on time to las vegas. However, I waited one hour for baggage to come from the plane to the baggage carousel.   That is way too long.
1	Flight in Vegas was delayed 3x but I never got a text notice from AA even though I signed up for the text service when I booked my flight. When we found out the first time our flight was delayed the AA gate agent said the plane was 'in flight' (i.e. on the way)  but we found out later that was untrue. Now that's just wrong to mislead a paying customer. The AA gate agents in Vegas aren't necessarily rude, just indifferent and unhelpful much like most government workers at most government offices.  I'm sure dealing with customers all day can be stressful, but if you're a gate agent and you don't like your job you should find a new one.  No need to make everyone around you miserable.
1	Very dissatisfied with service.Had trouble with the kiosk checking in here very short staffed, One employee even yelled at me repeatedly to "just read the directions" on the screen. I'm not illiterate so if it was something that simple I would be able to take care of myself and should be out of a job. The whole process for me to check-in took more than 30 minutes with no line.
1	It is my guess that America Airlines sends a recruiter down to the 9th layer of Hell each decade and selects only the most apathetic souls for their representatives at the Las Vegas airport. At first my friend and I were unsure if the agents we spoke with were humans or were some new technology being developed by Nellis Air Force Base near Vegas; perhaps some super-android(s) designed to frustrate patrons to the point of suicide. Either way, it's now safe to say these weren't humans... at least not from our realm / dimension. 1. We came up to the ticketing area and asked to speak with a person about standby. A women/android said we would have to use a computer as there were no agents available with whom we could speak. There were 3-4 unoccupied agents behind the counter; not including herself. We stared at her (...) She looked back at us more intensely (...) we back at her (...) her at us; into our very being. This was the first sign of many that these agents had been trained by monks on the highest mountains of India's Karakoram range; taught only one lesson from infancy - how to confuse and irritate patrons. 2. We went up to the computer and typed in our information. The computer quickly found our reservation and allowed us to standby with an instant upgrade and lounge access. Oh wait; I'm thinking about Delta. The American 'computers' were probably developed for code-breaking during the Spanish Civil war in the 1930's. No reservations were found. We turned to look at the agent; a half-asleep / fully-disinterested fellow wearing an American Airlines suit 4 sizes too big. He said, "Y'all done some partying in Vegas **smirk**"? We walked under the ropes and up to the counter. 3. We approached two women. They were engaged in a fascinating conversation about a boy. We rudely interrupted. They were not pleased. We were told to go and speak to "That lady over there". We followed the counter down 10 feet. What we experience next changed us both forever. 4. This women was a true grand-master of bad customer service. Before we made eye contact with her I could feel an intense aura of 'not giving a crap'. Then she looked at us with a level 10 scowl; it could only be described as spectacular - but as it was directed at us it was terrifying. After all, who the hell were we to interrupt her 78th game of 'Windows 3.1.1 Solitaire' that evening? She then said, "What"?  We asked about stand-by options. Without looking at the computer or (impressively) diminishing her scowl a bit, she said the next flight was 100% booked. Note she didn't ask who we were, our names, or even where our final destination was... My friend then asked if he could purchase a ticket. At this point she pretended to type some gibberish into the computer and said (within 0.12 microseconds) the cost would be $1,600. She then summoned a ball of pure energy and in the style of 'Street Fighter Turbo' blew my friend and I back 50 ft through several layers of drywall... Okay, actually we just took our bags and left the airport. Needless to say, I wouldn't recommend you fly American Airlines out of Las Vegas, Nevada.
1	With very few choices for domestic air travel when flying frequently, I am currently switching from Delta to AA. So regretfully, my first review is more a warning since delays and many of the poor experiences cannot be avoided, but fortunately this one can. Andrea Scott, the African American gentlemen with a girl's name (possible explanation???) is certainly one to be avoided as the power seems to have directly surpassed the head on the way to top of the ego. I was walked off a plane leaving Las Vegas with the verbatim threat, "I can make sure you can never fly in this country."Considering I am platinum on both delta and American and flew over 100 legs this year, it seems far fetched, but better to never find out what sort of "power" this gentleman may actually possess. The only saving grace was the other gate agents were helpful in the process and I will still spend the holidays in a beach while Mr. Scott does his best to make the holidays a tedious, tumultuous affair.
