4	Good selection and service
3	Good drinks and service. Found a dessicated fly in bottom of my latte once but outside of that I have been satisfied. Just hope they look in the cups more often.
2	Somewhat disappointed would best be the title for my review.Before I begin, let me say that I have been to other Coffee Tree Roasters. I also am an avid coffee drinker and therefore have a fair amount of knowledge that can be used to compare this place with others.I visited awhile back. Upon arriving I immediately didn't feel welcome. There were four baristas there and I had to wait over a minute before one of them even greeted me. After ordering I decided upon a mocha. It tasted like hot chocolate. Where was the coffee flavor? All the while I noticed the four baristas standing in a corner laughing with one another while giving off an "exclusive high school club" vibe. Geez!AND....when I left (mind you there was only one other customer in the lobby) I took up my dishware, as well as some others on a nearby table and the dude working just gave me a look and didn't even say thank you! Things like that really bother me. Let me tell you, as somebody who has worked in retail and food it can be a PAIN to be friendly towards customers, but it's just something that should be done in that business.Bottom line: Not terrible, but very underwhelmed by the coffee and service. I highly recommend the Caribou Coffee right across the street. The baristas have always been pleasant and the drinks quite good! I have had far better experiences at the Coffee Tree Roasters in Shadyside and Squirrel Hill which tells me that this one certainly can become better!
4	Good prices, better coffee.  The food never looks good so I haven't tried it.I sometimes stop here for coffee before work, the baristas are always friendly--even at 6:02 am, right after opening. If you're in the area I recommend it over the Starbuckses (what is the plural of that?!) in Giant Eagle or B&N in the waterworks mall.
3	This place is right around the corner from us, so we figured we would give it a try.The coffee is delicious, and they have a nice selection of crumb cakes and other goodies to enjoy along with your jolt of caffeine. Our baristas were friendly, and were definitely efficient in moving things along at a nice clip.I docked two stars, however, when both of our cappucinos were served with less than one third of the cup full with coffee. Yep, you heard me right - the drink was 2/3 foam, which really is excessive. I wasn't expecting a gigantic coffee, having ordered them as small cappuccinos, but it would have been nice to have a little more coffee in my cup of coffee... The coffee that we did drink was tasty though.Will be back to make sure it wasn't just a one-shot off morning for the barista...
4	OK, so I promised I'd be back, and I made good on that promise. Went there this morning to refuel - this time with lattes. I must say our coffee was tasty and since we didn't go for foam, they were about right in terms of the volume. Definitely a great place to stop in for a cup of coffee from now on when I'm making my way to work. Thanks guys!
4	I'm not a big fan. They've won me over. They've got a great menu of all kinds of tasty mixed espresso based drinks in addition to the basics. More than a neat little corner shop, they have great coffee. This may come from the fact that they roast all their beans in Pittsburgh for their 6 locations. They roast a good bean and it's noticeable. Priced like any other coffee shop, why not stop in here over some Starbucks or McCafe if you're in the Aspinwall area? This might be a new spot for me for buying my own beans for some homebrewing too. Again, can't stress enough the difference starting with a good bean makes.The baristas were very friendly and fun too. They had no problem fielding my barrage of questions about their brand.
2	Good coffee - I'll give them that. But beware when using your debit card here. I don't know if it's their software or employee error, but on two separate occasions I was charged twice for the same cup of coffee and pastry here. Both times I went in, and they promptly rectified it - but kind of annoying, no?
5	One of the best latte's I've ever had. Damn good I tell you. And they even put a little heart with the cream. What do you know.
2	Love their coffee.They need to add help in the morning.With all the moms and high school kids ordering double latte whatever's there is a line to the door from 7:45 to 9:00.I'm not going to wait for ten minutes for a cup of plain coffee.Usually buy beans there and make at home. But now when I want to stop in to grab a cup to go, I go elsewherelThey should have someone who only takes straight coffe orders. They would get more business.
4	Solid coffee choice. A bit cramped for seating and parking can be a challenge both with safety and space availability. Convenient location and service is consistently good.
4	Excellent espresso, with quick service.  Priced right too.  Parking can be a little tricky but worth the stop.
