5	This is the finest dessertery & cafe to satisfy your favorite sweet tooth cravings. They serve world famous exotic Belgian chocolates- Leonidas, along with various types of coffees and chocolate drinks made with fresh molten chocolates. They also have sinful tasting pastries and do not forget to try their Gelato, Italian Icecream.I even got some of these gourmet chocolates packed for friends and family back home.It's conveniently located within the new Westcor shopping center at SanTan Village.
5	To say I love chocolate would be an understatement. Leonidas provides the means to satisfy my chocolate cravings whether its in the form of their hot chocolate drinks, their cold chocolate Javalanches and their assortment of truffles and other types of chocolate candy.  Leonidas is to chocolate what Rolls Royce is to automobiles. The quality is as high as it gets. Describing their chocolates would not do justice. One needs to experience it first hand.
5	I tried Leonidas Chocolates for the first time today. They are fabulous. It would take something this good to get me into a mall. I'll go back for this one. I had the profiteroles with vanilla custard and chocolate sauce. The presentation was different than I expected but delicious. They had pre-made the desserts so the puffs marinated in the custard and chocolate. Very delicious. I had the iced tea and my friend had a latte which she declared the best ever. The chocolates themselves are to die for. I have two small negative comments. The tv was on and it was loud to my ears. I could do without it. Had it been music or a video tour of the Leonides company that would have been nice. Second, quality products such as these should be served in a china cup or glass. That was not an option offered. Perhaps in time. I will be back soon!
5	Best chocolate ever!  I tried Leonidas for the first time in Europe and have been looking for it ever since in AZ.  I'm so surprised they opened a store here, would recommend it in a heartbeat.  Also, staff was very friendly, a great place to get gifts!  I just got an assortment of chocolates and was very happy with my choices. The banana creme was surprisingly good and so was the champagne flavored...
4	To say that I'm a fan is putting it mildly.  I've visited this cafe three times in the last two weeks.  That's 66 miles RT per visit just so that I can take home a half a pound assortment of truffles, and they're expensive treats at $38 per pound.  Love the ice cream and chocolate bars, too.  Two negative points: 1.) It's hard to get a sample of the truffles.  Easier to sample the ice cream, but it's hard to relish the essences of the products with how little they offer- not even half of the tip of my pinky finger (and I have petite hands).  Offering samples leads to higher sales, yes?  2.) The upholstery needs a lot of attention. Please either maintain cleanliness more often, or switch to a user-friendly fabric.
1	Looked up Leonidas on their website and was excited to see a menu for their cafe.  It listed how in addition to all of their chocolates, it also listed "pastries" and specifically multiple cheesecake choices.  We go down.....no cheesecakes or pastries of any kind!  Young girl working says the owner only has those out on the weekend!  Wasted trip.
2	I'm going to preface this review to let you know I am only reviewing the Gelato, not the chocolate/cafe. This is a cute shop, right in the heart of the San Tan mall. The lady who was working behind the counter was a little person! The gelato was grainy, and the flavor was a little dry - how can ice cream taste dry? I don't make the rules, I just review them! There's a cute little table and chair setup just outside the cafe where we sat and finished our dry ice cream - the patio, and the little person behind the counter added just enough character to gain one more star out of me. With so many gelato spots in the Valley, I don't see myself coming back for another round at this place. I have definitely experienced better.
4	If you're out at the hideous fake downtown in the middle of he desert, you can at least drop by Leonidas to feel like--even if only for a moment--you're in some quaint European town, or at least Tucson.I've only had the gelato at Leonidas, although I have promised myself that I will try the chocolates someday.By far my favorite gelato is the dark chocolate....rich flavor and a perfect consistency. i like it paired with either the coconut or roasted banana for an awesome combo. The consistency is perfect, smooth, and creamy. The flavors of gelato rotate frequently, so don't fall in love with anything outside of the standard sorbetto flavors.If you must be out in suburbia, you should give Leonidas a try
