4	Authentic and delicious.
5	Big fan for Mexican at this price, especially in a local eatery. I've tried a whole bunch of different items on the menu, and my wife usually has chicken. It has been good every time. Love the chips and salsa. Love their variety of hot sauces. Love that I can walk there from my office. Very good food all around!
4	This was a nice quiet place to come in and have a late lunch.  Portions were excellent and prices very reasonable.  They really rate 4.5 stars but I won't round down from 5 star ratings.  They served my chicken quesadilla with no guacamole, sour cream, or pico de gallo.  What gives?  Otherwise this was a good place that I'd definitely come back to.
5	Off the chain! Real Mexican deliciousness, authentic food, warm atmosphere and great margaritas
5	Great Mexican food. Chicken Fajitas and Carnitas both were fantastic. Fajitas for one could probably be split between two but I finished it off... Yum. Fresh warm chips and salsa great as well. Certainly seems very authentic. Big menu with lots of other tempting items as well.
4	My search for a good Mexican restaurant finally turns up some fruit--right here in DeFo.  My initial impression wasn't great, when we sat down at the (sticky) bar to order a margarita--all of which are pre-mixed.  But we were intrigued by the huge menu, which had a lot if really authentic looking choices.  The BF and I ordered the parillada Mexicana--a veritable sh!t-ton of food, with chicken, pork, beef, chorizo, and shrimp.  Guac, sour cream, pico de gallo, rice, beans, and tortillas come on the side.  With the exception of the shrimp, which were overcooked, the food was delicious.  And we had tons left over for lunch the next day.  The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable, and the staff are friendly.  I foresee many happy returns.
5	Great Mexican food, great service, kind people!
4	Got the burritos verde. Tasted very good. However I asked for no sour cream and the waitress even repeated it back to me but they put it in it. The service was fast and they checked up on us a couple of times so that's good. Prices were reasonable. Salsa and chips were fresh and I liked how the salsa wasn't super chunky but I would have liked it to be a bit spicier. Will probably go back sometime.
5	Aranda's is DELISH!! Me and my husband's favorite place for some awesome Mexican food! The owner and all of their waiters and waitresses are so down to earth! Everyone is alway eager to serve you! Our favorite waiter is Fabian! The margaritas, mojitos, and of course beer is wonderful! They have a huge menu and literally everything we have tried is good! My faves are the shimp tacos, burritos verdes, and burrito croqueta! YUM! You always get fresh, crispy chips and salsa! They have a very good white queso dip too and of course guac! In the summer we love to sit outside too!  Awesome place, awesome staff! They also own La Tolteca in Portage and Sun Prairie!
4	This place is awesome! They have such good food and drinks and it's so cheap! The atmosphere is awesome and so is the waitstaff!
5	Stopped for an early dinner.  What really stood out was the service was awesome!  Our waitress was 100% right on the money.  She stopped by at exactly the right times and knew exactly what was needed.  The food was better than expected - we shared flautas and chimichangas.  And not to get too graphic, but a lot of times mexican foods leaves me a little odiferous later on, but I saw no ill effects this time.  The warm chips were tasty.  5 Stars Aranda's - we'll be back soon!
5	Our favorite Mexican place around!!!
