4	I remember when this was Tony Romas....after it reopened as "the new Italian Place" I tried it and though, "eh, it's okay."I went back today to meet a friend and.... mmmmmm mmmmm mmmmm.  If you've read my other reviews, please know that I do eat food other than chicken Parmesan.  I've just been eating a lot of it lately.So...I had the chicken parm and it was delicious!  The breading was amazing.  I feel, because of my frequent C.P. encounters, and because I have an Italian husband who likes to cook for me, I am pretty knowledgeable when it comes to good C.P....and this was terrific.The decor is nice.  Charming and relaxing.  The booths are huge.  The service was great.  The water tasted horrible.And that is my review.
4	If you've ever been to the Arrowhead Mall area you know its a haven for chain restaurants the world over.  Its part of the reason I go to other parts of town as I like to sample a more local flavor to mix it up once in awhile.  Well, its just one local restaurant, but Taglianis is a nice addition to an area of town in desperate need of a culinary identity.(I should mention that I've been to this one as well as their original location on 59th and Bell and I believe they're opening a new location in Avondale.)I've been going to this location for many years and have never left the restaurant disappointed.  Is it the best italian food I've ever had?  No.  But each dish I've had is consistently good and the portions are very generous.  They'll always start you off with bread and butter and you have the option of doing your own olive oil mix too.For the main courses, the most popular dish of choice for me and most patrons is the "make your own pasta bowl".  Not one to mess with a good thing, I typically go for angel hair, marinara, and sausage.  Sometimes I'll get the fetticinni alfredo and mix in some seafood.  A regular size pasta bowl will fill you up and will run you about 10-12 bucks.  If you're really hungry you can get a full size bowl (be warned,its HUGE) for about 15 bucks.  (Note: If you come for lunch, I've found you can get usually these bowls for cheaper as lunch bowl specials are frequent).  They also have the usual italian favorites like chicken piccata, chicken marsala, sausage lasagna, and others.  All of which I've had and all of which are good.  The wine and beer selection is respectable, but nothing amazing.  The desserts are big and tasty with their signature Chocolate Mascarpone cake being their trademark.  All of their desserts are huge so sharing is strongly suggested.If I could summarize this place, I would call it a family friendly suburban italian restaurant (kind of a cross between Oregano's and Olive Garden).  The food will leave you plenty fat and happy, the environment is laid back, and the service is pretty reliable.  Next time you're on the west side of town, give these folks a try.  Hopefully overtime establishments like this can give the big chains a run for their money here on the west side.
5	It's a really nice place. Dim lighting sets the mood, cute hostesses greet you. I got the ravioli and spicy sausage. Very good. I'd go back, and am now kinda craving to :)
4	Fun, low key family type restaurant. The food is tasty with a variety of choices. This is a great place for sharing because the serving portions are very generous.The make-your-own-pasta-dish is great because you can have excellent what you want. They have whole wheat and spaghetti squash options.The desserts are outrageous and sinful. Chocolate cake with marscapone filling. Yum!The food servers are very good.You can get wine by the glass or carafe that is decent.You will take some of your food home, guaranteed.There are three locations.
4	A non-chain (Italian) restaurant in Glendale/Peoria. The calamari appetizer was very tasty, we got Mediterranean which has a buttery dipping sauce and feta cheese. Otherwise, I thought the food was good and the prices were right. The wine list is not long (and they seem to have every level of Chianti Ruffino), but if what you want is a reasonably priced dinner with reasonably priced drinkable wine, this is a good choice. And it's not a chain. (I have to agree with all the previous reviews as well.)
2	I was really hoping for better, but after eating here, I may have to try to go back and go for better to get them more than two stars.  The restaurant was clean, seemed like a really nice family type restaurant.  My big dissapointment was in how the server greeted us.  I am very indifferent to the ones that just come up and say "so whatta having ta drink?"...no introduction, no names, no care in the world.  That just turns me off right away and indicates that the server is socially inept.I had the spaghetti and meatballs with the Rustica sauce because the menu said it was low sodium and no sugar added.  The sauce was really good and saved the meal but the noodles were definitely not completely cooked, and the homemade meatballs were just a really odd texture that I did not care for.  The meatball density was really hard to describe.  Let's just say, momma never made me meatballs like this....they were like little bricks.Maybe it was just a bad night, so I will go back sometime, but I will not chance it when entertaining or not up for the challenge.
5	We were  in the Phoenix area for the NRA convention and we stayed at the Choice Suites which happens to next to Cucina Tagliani, how Convenient! We have enjoyed this establishment before and enjoyed our meals and decided to go back and weren't disappointed. I had the Seafood Angelhair and my bride had Fettuccine Alfredo ( it's the only Italian food she likes) and both were great!We had the small order and still couldn't finish them. (Lucky for us I brought an ice chest and they survived the trip back to Torrance, Ca. We will go back the next time we are in town!
5	I was invited this weekend to Cucina Tagliani and I had a good experience, the food was great, good service and off course i had fun with my friends, whit had such a great time that i definetely be back to this place soon.try it!!!! it is worth it!!!
5	Good Italian food and the prices are not too bad. I love my food and my boyfriend loves to get the spicy sausage. I like this location. It's nice inside with lots of booth seating. If you like Italian food you should try it! =)
2	We had horrible service! I couldn't believe how rude our waitor was when my friend asked a question about the butter, garlic sauce. The reply we got was "it's butter & garlic" wow, they pay you to say that??!! When I ask for suggestions & ask what a sauce tastes like & what the base is I want a server that's going to be happy to tell me about the menu & the food. The chicken parm was ok but not very flavorful & I didn't  like the garlic cheese bread. Overall didn't like it & will not come back. Olive Garden & Bucca de Beppo are much better & have way friendlier servers!
2	This place was...okay. Just okay. Waitress was friendly, nice little place inside. I really have nothing else special to say - the only thing I remember was that my caesar salad was better than most caesar salad's I've had. I really expected more out of the food - breaded mozarella, fish, artichoke dip...it was all just regular!! Probably won't come back here by choice, especially since there are a handful of other better Italian restaurants that are in the vicinity. Oh well...at least I left full.
3	We loved the dishes...the only problem is the half portions were not enough to fill a lady (me).  The waiter we had was a bit busy and not much of a people person.  There was a point when he dropped a fork on the floor and managed to kick it several times so that he did not have to put his stack of plates down.  Maybe he should have just put them down...it was a bit annoying.  He was not very good with refills.  Hopefully if you go you won't have this guy.
4	We have been going to their other location on 59th Ave and Bell for many years and decided to give this location a try. Very cute decor. The food has been excellent every time we have visited. I think this locations food is much better than the 59th Ave location so that is why I am reviewing this location. Their salad and blue cheese dressing are great. I also like their veal dishes. The only reason I gave it four stars is the service can be spotty. The food is great though. You won't be disappointed in it.
4	First time here, and great food. Had a couple lunch specials with the hubby and it was delicious. We will be back.
5	We've been going to CT's for a while now.  You can't go wrong with their antipasta salad.  Never would I have thought that capicola and canteloupe would be good together.  Boy was I wrong.  Macaroni and chucks of mozzarella.  I crave it.Their bread is amazing.  Their tiramisu is amazing.  Their service is amazing.AMAZING.
5	I enjoy this restaurant quite a bit. I've been coming here for a while now and haven't been led wrong once. I love the build your own pasta dish options. I usually get the spaghetti squash with the rustica sauce. Super delicious! Their breads are great and the service is friendly. I've also used their call in option to take food to go. Each time it's been great. No complaints from me!
5	Love this place! My wife and I come here at least twice per month. Never had a bad item. My favorite is the chicken saltimboca. Unless you are crazy hungry, order the half portions. They are plenty big!
1	It's almost as if Cucina Tagliani doesn't even exist. Despite its visible location right off the Loop 101 freeway, I've never seen a wait. To some that might be a good thing; in my opinion, if it's too easy it's probably not worth it. And Cucina Tagliani proves that it isn't worth it time and time again. Lets start with first impressions: tacky and unoriginal. The whole interior is decorated to look like some small Italian village or something. Oh gee, I've never seen that look before...Oh, wait isn't that what every Italian place looks like? The food is so-so. Nothing special at best, and downright disgusting at worst. They don't even have spaghetti and meatballs. This place fills the Italian restaurant stereotype to a tee, and then they don't offer traditional Italian fare. It just doesn't make sense. The service is just terrible. They never have enough people to keep everything running smoothly, and the waitresses are so fake. Working in the food industry myself, I'm not the kind of customer that asks for three sides of ranch after my food is already at the table. But even if you order the simplest items, the waitresses will still treat you like they'd want nothing more than to poke your eyes out with the rolled utensils. With this deadly combination it's no wonder Olive Garden has a 45 minute wait at any given time, and Tagliani can't even fill the dining room.
4	We really enjoy this spot and would take it a hundred times over the Olive Garden chain. We've been coming here for awhile and the only "miss" we've had with pasta was the sausage add in. It comes whole and on a side plate rather than chopped and cooked into the meal. Other than that, we have enjoyed our meals.  I will say that I ordered pizza from here once for a function and was really disappointed -- so now we just stick to the pastas, lunch sandwiches, yummy calamari appetizer....I also really like the build-your-own pasta options, which allow you to choose your type of pasta, sauce, and toppings.  All in all, we enjoy our visits here and will surely be back again in the future!
3	If you would have asked me to review Cucina Tagliani 10 years ago, my 13 year old self would have imperiously declared, in that haughty know it all tone hormonal tweens use to berate their exhausted parents, that they were the best italian restaurant in Arizona. If you were to ask me 3 years earlier who would hold that place I'd have boldly dubbed olive garden. Nowadays I am a little older, a smidgen wiser, and a tad bit more experienced, and I can confidently declare them to be A-Ok at best.Certainly Tagliani's is not the best Italian restaurant in the valley, let alone the state, but, they are pretty darn tasty.I would describe them as olive garden's more voluptuous and comely sister.I have fond memories of Cucina Tagliani's old location, when it was situated around 59th and Bell. My family would come here on birthdays and when we had relatives visiting, it was always a pleasant visit. I can't really speak for the location off the 101, but I'm assuming it is in the same vein as it's ghost which lingers in a sad strip mall miles aways from my tween-hood.I cannot conceive of why anyone in their right mind would wait in line at OG's with these guys down the block, either ignorance or a past bad experience, who knows- But Tagliani, you are A-OK in my book.
5	Just tried the Angel Hair Pasta with meat sauce and meat balls along with a small salad to take out, and it was delicious.
4	Tagliani's is a staple for the west side and have always enjoyed coming here.  I am not sure why there are 2 locations so close together on Bell Road but why complain?  Their atmosphere is high end casual experience and usually perfect service.  I came here this weekend and I thought the bread was not as warm as usual but still good with the oil & vinegar I mix at my table.  I ordered my usual sausage lasagna which is the best thing here I think since I have only broken away a few times to find out that's all I really want to eat here.  I also ordered a balsamic side salad for the first time and this was fantastic, very sweet and flavorful.  I will get it again for sure and the lasagna was as great as usual while there and also reheated the next day.  I checked in here and received a free desert but I was so stuffed that I didn't even get it....guess I will have to come back soon.
1	The appetizers and the staff were probably the only good part about this place.   The wife and I went for the first time.. and the last.   Their signature "Pasta Tagliani" was incredibly bland and waaaaay overcooked on the chicken.   Being someone that cooks Italian food and has a love for the culture that comes with it, I can tell you now that Olive Garden is 1000x better.. and that's americanized!
4	AMAZING service, location and restaurant.Friendly staff. Great food. Easy on the wallet!
4	Good food with big enough portions to share with your date! Tables a little too close for my taste but it's a small place.  The service was timed out perfectly but the staff could use some more training in greeting their customers!
4	I have been to different Taglianis, but this is my first visit to this location.  You can easier drive by and not notice it.  I love LOVE the 14th Street pizza here.  That is all I get when I come to Taglianis.Our server was swamped with tables at once and she was the hostess/servers all in one.  But she still provided fast and friendly service.  She still had time to check on each table at least 3 to 4 times throughout the dining experience.  I guess I will need to try other dishes sometime soon.
5	I have tried multiple different Italian food places throughout the Valley and nothing in the slightest compares to Cucina Tagliani.Let me start with the decor first and get that out of the way.  Yes, it looks like an italian village or something.  However, isn't that what you expect going to an Italian restaurant?  It sets the mood and why it may not be the most original it works.Now for the food!  Wow!The best part is the pick-a-pasta option.  You choose the type of pasta you want, with the type of sauce, and the added meats,veggies, etc.  You build your entire meal and it has never failed.  There are over 10 options of pasta, like 7 types of sauce (which all are delicious depending on what you like), and the add-ons range from meatballs, to chicken, to sun dried tomatoes, and on.  There are plenty of options for everyone.I usually get the tortellini with either the Dynamante sauce (spicy) or the meat sauce (red wine sauce).  Then add sundried tomato, ground sausage, and mozzarella...TO DIE FOR.  My girlfriend always gets the gnocchi with tomato-fredo sauce, meatballs, and mozzarella. Not only can you do this but if you order the half size, you get a big portion, but if you order the full, then you get a massive portion to last you anohter day lol  And if you ask nicely, on the full, they will allow you to pick 2 sauces and have half as one, half as the other.  So if you are indecisive or just wanting to try a ilttle of everything, it works.They have plenty of the classic staples as well from lasagna, to chicken alfredo, and pizza for those who just want classic italian food and each is prepared perfectly everytime.  I love that all the sauce is prepared that day so you can tell the slgith difference every time you go in.  It is very affordable and won't break the bank.  The caprese salad is AMAZING as well with the best balsamic vinegar I have ever taster, and the service is almost always great.  I have been to all 3 locations and never been disappointed.  Oh and their desserts are pretty good if you have room (I suggest the marscapone cake)!Just like any restaurant, servers may or may not be busy totally on top of it but when they do ask if you need anything, they will get you anything and quickly so just bare with them on a busy night.  But as for the overall grade at Cucina Tagliani, nothing but the best.  Everyone I have taken there has become a loyal customer now.  and with my 2 year anniversary coming up this Monday I know I will be enjoying another great meal there!
4	I will always have a place in my heart for Cucina Tagliani.  Having been raised near their 59th Ave and Bell location, I can't help but love it.Their happy hour was pretty good... I like how nicely decorated and LARGE this place is.  It's not cramped at all. The service was excellent and the food was great... nothing at all to suggest as an improvement.
2	Meh. I'd prefer the freshness of Olive Garden. Staff was so-so, and the chicken parm I got on Papa's Platter was more like a miniature chicken frisbee. I could barely find the chicken, and when I did, it was hard. Overcooked? Or was it just sitting under a heat lamp for so long?The atmosphere was just kind of dated, nothing special. I felt like I was in my grandma's basement with all the dim windows, boxes, and fake plants. I wouldn't really recommend this place. I just wasn't impressed.
4	Love this place. Food is great and the portions are enorous. I keep going back anc back.
4	I went to this place for dinner this past week with my family.  I ordered the sausage rigatoni and my wife ordered the seafood angel hair pasta.  We also had the mussels in rustic roma sauce which was amazing!  The experience was great and the service was also very good.  I would be returning as I actually enjoyed this place vs. other Italian places I've been to.  I would recommend it to others.
4	Their bread is so good!Lunch Special with the Eggplant Parmesan was delicious!Chicken Alfredo on the other hand was terrible, so bland and so chunky, GROSS!But then the yelp deal with the free spumookie sealed the deal.  so good!EDIT* Forgot to add the Waitress comped the Alfredo, she was super nice, not to mention her attentiveness despite her being the only waitress, and busser for the shift.The Sauce was gross, soggy, the chicken was not bad.  It just tasted old
2	I have been going to this place for years. The bread is always good, as is the pesto.Sadly, the food has gone downhill. Over our past several visits, we had cold in the middle pizza, food waaay to salty only to come back with absolutly no taste at all when the waiter was called over, food too greasy (even for italian standards), food tasting like it has been sitting for quite some time, luke warm soup....this all breaks my heart. This place used to be a delicious splurge I looked forward to. The last time we visited which was a few months back, I left feeling completely ill. I want to love this place again, but every visit it just gets worse. We have always had good service...the staff is attentive, smiling, kind and right on target.
5	Tagliani's is my favorite Italian restaurant in the valley.  I love the eggplant parm and the artichoke dip appetizer is delicious.  The best part of dinner is the chocolate marscapone cake.  I have always received great service and I look forward to returning.  I always bring my out of town visitors here.
5	I love this restaurant!!! There are a variety of menu options, I love the pick your pasta.  If you are looking for a healthy Italian restaurant that is also really delicious, I would highly recommend Cucina Tagliani.  My favorite dish is the spaghetti squash with rustic Roma sauce and then whichever add in I feel like, usually a meatball or eggplant.  You can also get a 1/2 portion, which is a perfect portion size.  I also love the Portabella mushroom appetizer.  Other tips, Tuesday is wine night, 1/2 price of a bottle of wine and if you don't finish, they will re-cork it so you can take it home.  Happy hour menu is really good too.  Not sure what time it starts, but Happy Hour goes until 6:30.
4	Dinner with friends on a Monday night.Greeted well and taken to a table we did not like so we were shown one we did, with no fuss.The waiter was a smiling kind of guy with a voice that would do well on a Broadway stage. He by the way did a fine job in his waiterability.All the food was presented well and tasted just as good.A nice place for friends to have a decent meal while visiting with each other.
4	I like the look of this restaurant and think its a nice place to dine at. The food is pretty good, although I do not care for the calamari here and probably won't order it again. The pizza was alright too, but I am finding that my favorite thing to get here is one of their pastas. All of the serving portions were fair. This restaurant can be pretty expensive, but I think it is a great dining experience!
4	Have always had good service and great food here. My GF likes booths and they have always been happy about showing us to one. Love the pepperocinni pasta sauce!!  Great flavor and spiciness that sneaks up on you. Have never had a problem with the servers and they seem happy to help even if busy. My GF once had a pasta that was not correct and the server was right on it and had the correct dish out in 5 minutes or so. Then they gave us a free app for our next visit!One of the few non- chain restaurants in the area.
4	Went to Tags last night for my birthday with my friends and family and had a great time! The pace of meal was perfect, plenty of time for talking and enjoying ourselves! Had the chicken parm, it was ok, not crispy though! Next time we will eat the one on 59th because I remember the food there being better, we shall see! Service was fantastic and food is pretty good for the price! Must have the mascarpone cake!
4	Hubby and I love this place, we get the make your own pasta dish and split a large.  They have a whole wheat spaghetti, top it with basil pesto sauce, roasted veggies and chicken, delicious!  It would get 5 stars but our waiter was a little impatient and arrogant.  Second time we've had him and he doesn't seem to like his job.  Service was great, attitude, not so much.  Oh and a free pazookie for checking in with Yelp!
4	The quality of the food here is very, very good and consistently so! The pricing too is very reasonable. We love the manicotti and the linguini with clams. Service can be understandably slow when busy. We've eaten at both locations and the food is just as lovely at either place. I most definitely plan to return again and again, often.
4	Love this location but the one down the street on 59th and Bell, we haven't had the best luck at. I remember when the 101/Bell location was Tony Roma's, but it's one of my favorite Italian places. Food always good, decent value and good deals as well. We usually go with a pasta bown of some type, and the gnocci is great. Give it a try, It won't break the bank and will satisfy the tummy. Great bread, can't get enough!!
5	college graduation celebration for my son was a great success. this place rocks!Service by Thomas  was a+++, very attentive and caring. Our party room provided by Ronda for 20+ people HAD GREAT ambience. Food and drinks was awesome. can't complain about the price either. Highly recommended!!!
4	My husband and I used to frequent this restaurant a lot, but due to work schedules for both of us, we've had to cut down on our "dinner's out".  We felt like going out tonight, so decided to head out this way for a fun Italian dinner.  We were greeted immediately, and seated at a table.  The restaurant looked pretty full, so we were happy to get a nice table.  Our waitress, Natalie, was very friendly and attentive.  We placed our drink orders, and they were brought out fast, along with a basket of garlic bread.  They've changed their bread since the last time we were here, and it was DELICIOUS!  We hadn't eaten all day, so we downed the bread, and were licking our fingers.  I mentioned how much we enjoyed it, and they said it was changed for their anniversary, and if you preferred the old kind, they could provide that for us.  We declined, saying how wonderful the new bread was!We both ordered pretty much the same thing...caesar salads and gnocchi dishes.  The salads were lightly dressed, I like a lot of dressing, but it had a light fresh flavor I found very refreshing.  Our gnocchi's were brought out, mine with meat sauce and meatballs, his with marinara sauce and meatballs.  We ordered the regular size, as opposed to the larger portions, and it was definitely plenty and filling.  Their meatballs are scrumptious, and we both enjoyed our meals.I have to say, we really have missed coming here, and will try to get out this way more often.  Walking into this restaurant is very comfortable, and it helps when they have wonderful comfort food to complete the experience.
4	Good food, good value. Lunch yesterday cost $34 for 2 people, incuding 3 glasses of wine. Good wine by the glass list. Daily happy hour starting at 2:30pm. Large portions. Free warm foccacia bread. I enjoyed the lunch 1/2 pannini and salad. Yummy ceasar salad served with chilled plate and fork. Pannini 1/2 was the size of a regular sandwich. My friend enjoyed the dinner portion build your own pasta,adding delicious meatballs and salad. Always enjoy sitting in the bar area with it's wine garden decor. Nice escape from the Arizona heat.
3	I don't know why my dad and I were so in love with this place when I was younger, I remember loving this place but it has been so long that I totally don't remember what I ate.Okay first off serves was great the sever was very fast and gave amazing severs. I rate her 4 stars I like her a lot. Didn't get her name but appreciated her speed. She was excellent. Food was at a good temp but the food wasn't something that was amazing. The value of their food isn't that great but on the bright side it's not horrible if I wear on a diet or when I do my sports again I'll probably come back because their angle hair was very light and okay didn't upset my stomic and I don't feel full from eating here I feel pretty light so I guess it's kinda healthy. My bf food was alright he got the fed i chin Alfredo  it tasted okay and light as well I say their food was fair but I would go back for a light meal  just because I like eating healthy  and the Sevres was good.
3	We tried the special sausage lasagna and 2 orders of spinach manicotti (Nana's special and 1 spinach manicotti entre). I thought the cheese mixture inside both manicottis looked greyishly old like cooked meat and I was initially worried about food poisoning issues. Taste: The lasagna tasted wonderful with a lovely fennel overtone. The manicotti tasted ok (I'm still doubting the freshness of that filling though), I prefer marinara to be served with this combination dish just like its sister solo entre version. The waitress gladly obliged us with some extra marinara. Her service was excellent by the way! We finished with the rum raisin bread pudding which was great.
3	5 or 6 years ago, this place was awesome. Then they slowly kept going downhill. They changed some of their suppliers (the bread for instance was some of the best I have had, now it's low end). They removed some of their homemade meats (the salami was great) and they messed with their portions. So now I don't even bother going there. It's not that it is bad, it is still a decent place, it's that I remember how good it used to be.
5	Always a fan. For a few reasons, but my most important one is the dog friendly patio. I like to go for a few drinks on friday with my dog Blueberry who has the entire staff wrapped up in her little paw. Always good service, and although Im an atkins dieter, they are very in tune with making sure my dietary needs are met. Just a real good vibe from everyone there and the fact that they are involved in dog adoption events and have accomodations for my cheap little fur covered date make this place kinda great for the both of us. To all the staff and Mr Sample, thank you all for being accomodating. Foods great as well. Blueberry should be the mascot for this place.
4	3 1/2* Cucina TaglianiItalianHappy HourFun appetizers like chicken wings w/onion ringsGood Caesar saladNice spicy rigatoni, baked zita, capelllini & pasta Tagliani pastasKiller spumoni desserts; also, bread pudding & cheesecakeFantastic food service by Christy; she is wonderful
4	Delicious food, great staff, nice ambiance.
4	Enjoyed a very nice meal here tonight with my party of 13 for my grandfather's birthday. Love the selection of pastas and even more so, the selection of non-pastas as well! Not every place will offer spaghetti squash, low fat marinara and veggies for those of us watching our calories. The pizza was delicious, the lasagna was very tasty. The chicken parm was perfectly done. Our server, Ashley, did a great job keeping up with all our drinks and needs.The only thing I wish was different was that we should have been put in a more private location due to the size of our party. Instead, we were parked right smack dab in the center of the dining room. Kind of made it difficult to talk with our other family members as it was pretty busy. Overall though, I was very impressed and look forward to a future visit!
5	We visited here with a large party and were pleasantly surprised and I kept thinking wow, what was my problem last time?  You know, I have to admit - the food was damn good and none of the dishes disappointed.The salad was nice and cold, served perfectly.The bread was awesome and put the chain restaurant "bread-sticks" to shame.The lasagne I had was amazing!  Really good recipe!!!Our server was efficient, prompt, accurate and made the dinner a joy!I am very glad that we got a chance to try Cucina Tagliani again.  Clearly my previous visit (all the way back in 2009) was not representative of just how good this place can be.Looking forward to a return visit.  Very worthy of five stars in my book!
5	The hubs and I were there for a Friday evening dinner. Ashley was our waitress and was training a new person, they were both very enjoyable and the meal was excellent...I have only been there a couple of times and it has always been good food as well as good service!
5	Best Italian restaurant in the valley, We will return, with guests!!
5	This was our first visit and was pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted and seated immediately, even though we were early for our reservation. I also downloaded the Yelp app to my phone and it offered a free appetizer at check-in.   Wings and Onion Rings combo.  Yum!  Enough to satisfy 2 adults and 2 kids. I got the Spaghetti with Marinara and added chicken which was grilled.  Very delicious.  Husband got Baked Ziti.  Tasted great as well.  Son ordered the kids pepperoni pizza.  It was big enough to share with his younger brother.  I was very satisfied with the portion sizes.  It wasn't too much or too little.  We had just enough room for the Spumookie, which was a cookie with ice cream on top.  That I would give 4 stars to only because I recently had the Pizookie at Oreganos and that was just a little bit better. Still, overall our bill was about $35 and for the around of food, and the quality, was great value.  It's rare to get that for a family of four.  Our waitress was new, but she was nice,  smiled a lot, helpful with the menu (I am one of those who asks a million questions), and more importantly never let our drinks run out.  As soon as it hit 1/4 full, we got a refill.   That's very rare nowadays!     Alice was attentive, friendly, and that experience (along with food) will make sure we definitely come back very soon.  We went to the 83rd and Bell location.
3	Nothing bad, nothing great, service good.Will return to try again to see if I have the same reaction.
5	I am surprised by the negative reviews.  This Tagliani has become our number one go to for Italian food.  My wife and I have been there a number of times and the service has been wonderful.  The servers friendly and attentive. Of course we love the food and always have enough for a take home!  We love the romantic personal touch of the decor, makes one feel like their personal guest.
5	Excellent service by our waiter Ken coupled with great pasta and salad make this place a must visit!  The pastas are done perfectly with an ample portion. The Caesar salad is made with anchovie paste and is delicious-possibly the best in town?The tiramisu is home made- delicious....
5	My girlfriend and I chose this restaurant based solely off the fact that they allow dogs on the patio. We didn't set our expectations very  high, but we were pleasantly surprised by the outstanding service (ken was our waiter) and the terrific food. Ken made sure not only my date and I were accommodated for, but also took the time to get our dog a bowl of water and a bone as we were leaving. I will absolutely be visiting this restaurant again, and I will be requesting ken as my waiter.
5	I LOVE Tagliani's!!  I've been going here on a regular basis for about 8 years now.  It is the best place to come for Italian food.  I've tried almost everything on the menu and everything I've ever tried has been delicious.  My favorites would have  to be the Pompeii Pesto Chicken and the Create your Own Pasta Bowls.  The Pesto Chicken comes in a huge portion (even the half/lunch size is very big) and the chicken is always very moist on the inside and crispy on the outside with a great pesto and Parmesan flavor.  The create your own pasta has a ton of options to truly allow you to create your own dish.  I've been coming here for years and always seem to create the same one, lol.  Tortolini with tomato/fredo sauce, scallops, spinach, and mushrooms.  It's soooo creamy and perfect!  Additionally, the service is always very good.  They do get a little slow when they are busy, but what restaurant doesn't?  Overall, I wonderful restaurant that I will continue to Patron.
5	this is a new find for my husband and i and i have to say that we love it! the desserts are wonderful. the pasta is fresh and yummy!! the sauce, it is a bit sweet, just perfect. we are so happy to have found this gem.
1	Here Is the synopsis.1. Walked in at 4 pm. THREE employees walked by us and COMPLETELY ignored us. A server came out after 10 minutes and asked us how many. He grabbed menus and literally left us 20 feet behind him. We assumed he wanted us to follow him.2. On RECOMMENDATION we ordered two appetizers. Calamari and artichoke dip. The artichoke dip was ok. The calamari I GUARANTEE is a very low end pre breaded frozen product. It was WAY overcooked therefore chewy and tough.3. Daughter ordered a house salad with balsamic vinaigrette. Dressing was a very odd texture. Overly thick and odd taste.4. Entrees were Pizza...it was decent. Spicy sausage pasta.....it was laughable very poor quality. Tortellini Alfredo...it was decent. Pesto Chicken pasta...it had ZERO flavor. I do not know how that can happen but it did.5. Three out of the four sets of silverware we were given had food remnants stuck to them. We asked for new silverware. Server response was "Oh Boy" New silverware arrived...getting better tis time two out of the three were dirty.  We wiped off the silverware with our napkins and went on.All in all very disappointed. We had medium hopes and were totally let down.
1	I walked into this restaurant at 1pm Sunday 10/27/13. The parking lot was pretty empty and from what I could see there was probably 5 tables occupied. We were greeted promptly by the hostess and taken to our seats immediately. That was the only good part of this visit.  We then opened our dirty menus and my children stated that the restaurant has an odor. I agreed it was a musty smell. We were beginning to be alarmed.  We then sat for owner 15 minutes and watched several  staff members walk by us. I was now losing my patience the restaurant was practically empty. A waitress then stopped at the table behind us and asked them was everything ok with their meal and began to walk pass out table. I attempted to get her attention but failed. About 3 minutes later she was back at the behind us by now we are gathering our things to leave because obviously we wore our invisible suits to dinner.  As my husband is standing she walks over like we were bothering here and states # what do you want to drink?"  I am livid by now and state absolutely nothing we are leaving to which she shrugs her shoulders and says ok and walks away. As we are leaving the hostess ask if we were leaving my husband responds yes and she ask why he tells her and she apologized and stated she would go get the server if I wanted to which I raised an eyebrow. She then pointed out the manager and I realized he was the guy that had been leaning on the counter in the window the whole time. So he had a perfect view of us and never acknowledged that we were there so I declined. I will never step into their establishment again and from what I saw many others have made the same choice.. It was a ghost town.
5	One of the few non chain restaurants you can eat at on bell road! It's very good and reasonably priced.
4	Their Supreme Pizza is meal for two. The garlic bread is a wonderful free appetizer. The service has always been great. The spaghetti sauces are a bit on the plain side. It is definitely worth a try.
5	Always good food and good service when I'm come here. The portion are big and served hot.  My favorite is the sausage lasagna but I've never had a bad dish.
1	After seeing this restaurant on Check Please Arizona, I was so excited to go here.. The inside of the restaurant is very nice looking but the food was not good! We ordered a chicken caesar salad it was so bland we sent it back. Our main dishes were nothing special and the tiramisu is also tasteless. I was pretty disappointed and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone based off the food. I will not be returning.
5	Our fav spot for happy hour, great fresh chicken wings, clams are amazing, Riesling is absolutely delicious! Great selections on the beers'!!!
3	I got a mailer from this place that had all their happy hour specials listed, they looked like awesome deals so we decided to go on a double date here.  The hostess wasn't the friendliest, she kind of made us feel like we were bothering her.  Luckily when we sat down our super sweet server Alice came by & turned that right around.  We checked in & started out with their free onion wings app which is half onion rings, half buffalo wings. Awesome deal! I ordered the Monsoon Madness which was only $3.50, it was a little sweet for my taste but not bad for the price. Our appetizer came out & my husband was a little disappointed with his BBQ wings weren't very flavorful.  The onion rings were pretty good, they weren't greasy at all.  We then ordered another cocktail, fried mozzarella & a small cheese pizza. The other appetizers were just okay, nothing really knocked my socks off. The atmosphere was cute & our server checked on us frequently. For 2 cocktails, 2 beers & 3 apps our total came to $24. Not bad at all! We may try it again soon since the pasta selections sounded great.
5	Kudos to the staff at Cucina Tagliani! Our group met there last night for a dinner and wine pairing extravaganza.Must have driven by this location a thousand times and never thought twice about it. Located on Bell Road at the extremely busy intersection of 83rd, you might miss the entrance or get rear-ended trying to get into their parking lot, but a safe method is to turn on 83rd, make the first right  and backtrack to the restaurant. It is much safer.We all had their Chicken Picatta dish and it was delicious. Not a big fan of butter, they easily substituted garlic and oil and made the dish even more desirable. I suggest they offer it as an option. First course was bruschetta and we had a choice of three, my favorite was the asparagus puree with mozarella. The chardonnay offered was exquisite, too. Then, a salad with spinach, pine nuts and feta tasted delightful, followed by the chicken picatta and a wonderful cheesecake desert. With four wines served, I waddled out to my car and came home satisfied. I recommend that you try this wonderful restaurant, one of the few local, non-franchise choices on Bell Road!
5	This place has awesome food and great family friendly service. I definitely recommend.
4	Decided to try them the other night since they are around the corner from the house.  Delicious food, quick service, an overall good experience.  We sampled the sausage lasagna, the veal parmesan, and fettuccine alfredo. I thought the food was quite good.  A decent if not small wine list.I noticed another Yelper made a comment about "Pedestrian at best" and that his son who has "restaurant experience and is now attending a premier culinary school, pronounced the sauce as something from a can".  My father in law is Italian and makes his own sauces from scratch, so I am pretty sure that is not the case.  No offense to them, however if "that garden place" was Olive Garden then that says it all. Of course everyone is entitle to their opinion.  Personally I will go back the next time I am looking for Italian food.
2	When we walked in the door, it took several minutes to be "greeted" by the hostess who was talking behind the bakery case with another  employee.  She asked how many and I said two.  She said, "oh, to go?"   I said that since she asked how many, I answered "two."  She brought us to a table and literally through our menus on the table.  She neither greeted us nor told us to enjoy our meal.  She was quite rude.Our server was very nice.The meal:  I ordered cioppino.  It was absolutely the worst.  It was mostly green pepper chunks.  Why?   Green peppers do not belong in cioppino.   It was overpowered by oregano.  It was really a bowl of chunky tomatoes seasoned with peppers and oregano.   Upside-the garlic bread was good.  My Italian Margarita was so so.  It didn't even attempt to give me a "buzz."The bakery case had a display of desserts.  One platter had cannolis on it.  One was all crushed up.  very unappetizing.  My husband ordered eggplant parmesan.  The sauce was very sweet.  The eggplant (one slice) was overcooked.  The whole meal was barely lukewarm.
5	As a former New Yorker, I am extremely picky about my Italian food, so much so that I'd rather make my own at home or hold out for my next trip back to NY.  I reluctantly decided to try Cucina Tagliani after reading so many positive reviews. Boy, am I glad I let go of my NY snobbery for one evening! We ordered the caprese salad as an app (don't bother with the small, you'll want more) and veal parm & mama's favorite for dinner. Ah-mazing!!!!!   All of the portions are generous, but mama's favorite is ginormous, enough for 2 or even 3. Overall, nice decor, friendly staff, family friendly and great food! Highly recommended.
3	We have been coming here for years and years. And it has changed..Alot. not sure if it's in the right direction. We went there for my birthday this past Saturday and we were a little shocked. What happened to the bread with vinegar and oil? The menu? Altho the garlic bread they serve now was awesome and satisfying the menu...was not. 1 page? That's all? Now the happy hour was great.  All their speciality drinks were 3.50! Wow!!! I got an Italian dream(fru.fru. drink) and it was amazing.The waitress we had was amazing! ! I'm so horrible at remembering names but she was the only one in our section ans she was working the bar on top of being pregnant! You are a superwoman girl! Thank you! Now the food....I'm so in different I want to love it but honestly I hated it. I got The baked spaghetti and it was so dry and hard and not as I remember it. The sauces were pretty bland too. I really hope maybe they are just going thru owner change ans will get back to how I'm remember it.
3	Our family has been a supporter of your business for years, but our visit last night was less than savory, and we feel you need to know about. We waited in the foyer for a hostess for 5 minutes, with no server in sight to possibly help us find a hostess. When a hostess finally came out, she was unapologetic and did not even greet us. She simnply sat us at a table and walked away. Our server was friendly (we forget her name), but the food came out room-temp and the french fries we ordered for our daughter were not cooked through (cold and mushy). But, we continued to eat it because we had already waited quite a bit of time. The restaurant was not busy, so we aren't sure where the problem of cold food and waiting a while came from. We will really question whether or not to come back to Cucina again, which is unfortunate. Hopefully, things will improve and we hope so!
5	We go to "Tag" every week! The food, staff and service are the best around..so friendly!  We love happy hour! I love the ministroni soup and chicken piccatta with angel hair! My huspand orders the individual pizza and wings, a great deal at happy hour!Daryl our server sees us coming in and brings our drink without us even having to order.Juan the busser is the hardest friendliest working guy ever! Can't say enough about this neiborhood Italian restaurant.
2	I came on a Monday... They were out of veal and steak. My dish was the spicy sausage rigatoni which good, not great. My wife had the shrimp pasta Alfredo... Disappointing! Sauce was plain. Turns out the sauce is already shipped here and they don't add any more spices to it. The shrimp tasted like the store bagged ones. Their bread was delicious. The mozzarella fritti was less than ok.  Staff was welcoming. The reason i gave it a 2 was because my dish was OK but my wife's dish was just not good. The Kraft's macaroni n cheese taste a lot better. Also, they were out of two main meats. Will not come back, unless i don't find a better Italian food. Im from Santa Barbara and have travelled all over the world and the states... By the way, my daughter ordered a pizza, which she says she enjoyed.
4	This place is so cute. It has a great atmosphere and they had a musician singing outside taking requests. I absolutely loved the ambiance. I ordered Fettuccini Alfredo which was really good.  I had the "Italian Dream" to drink from their speciality cocktails and it was amazing! The prices were very decent and the food was great. I would have rated five stars but my waitress was terrible, barely checking in and she forgot my second drink. Then when I said never mind she seemed annoyed with me.
2	Food was ok. Service was horrible. With all the other Italian places in the area, why pay to feel like its a such a hassle for the server to take a drink order after sitting for ten minutes. Don't even think about a refill. Honestly the only thing they did fast and with out a problem is give us the check. I can see why that place thinned put after happy hour on a Friday. Too many better choices around to  deal with poor and slow service.
3	Shrimp cocktail, not what I was expecting, but was really good. Shrimp were small but it is really a good deal for the happy hour price. Calamari is a pass, I prefer the rings and legs apposed to the large big strips. Artichoke dip was very good, pita bread and toast were both tasty. I had the ravioli, meat sauce with extra ricotta cheese. It was good. My husband had the angel hair, meat sauce with meatballs. I wish I had also ordered the meatballs, they were good. Happy hour appetizer prices are really good $3-$6, I could easily order several of these and be happy.
4	What a fantastic dinner.  We took our daughter here for her 11th birthday.  We made reservations and were seated straightaway.  The service was fantastic and the food was even better.  I really like that they offer both gluten free pasta and veggie substitutes in a build-your-own pasta menu. I had the chicken dynamante which was amazing - if you like it spicy.  My wife was able to get broccoli with chicken and artichoke hearts in pesto sauce.  Our kids were each able to find choices that made them happy - including the gluten free options.  The ambiance is lively but not over the top and it's easy to have a conversation around the table.  I highly recommend it, if you are looking for good quality, good service, and a fun dinner.
3	Everything (service, food, ambiance, etc.) was good. Not great, but good. I would say that the food is a small step down from Olive Garden, but at a much better price. They seemed to have decent lunch specials, but nothing that we had was truly a "stand out" menu item. If you're looking for a relatively quick and decent Italian meal at a reasonable price point, this is a good option. However, I'd be surprised if anyone was really "wowed" by anything on the menu.
5	I've ate here with my family many many times. The food is very good. The service is equally as good. The portions on certain platters are big.
4	Good food, service and not overrated like some other places.  They were busy bit seated us quickly. Appetizers were good and so was the house salads.  Both went with fish and the portions were perfect.
4	Aside from the particular location of this one being terrible and really only easy for people who've been here before, I'll go off now and state I have been a big fan of Tagliani's for QUITE some time now!:)Very different from your family owned italian restaurants, and a bit different than Buca Di Beppo and Carrabba's. Mostly intimate style seating, with a bar as well. Beer's are served in what most use as Soda glasses? and Garlic Bread is served before your meal but no cheese or marinara or anything. Lunch specials are great, menu has been reduced in size it seems but still all pasta's you'd expect with a great selection of sauces and drinks as well
5	This is my favorite Italian resturant out there! I have been going my entire life with family and now I get take out and dine in when ever I get the chance! I have had just about everything on the menu and everything is delicious! I love there happy hour , I have gone here multiple times with girlfriends and we get a bunch of appetizers and drinks and enjoy the live music they play in the bar on weekends. Calamari here is the best I ever had! It's a guarantee order here (: I have also gone to other location at 59th ave and bell and you will get the same service, it's smaller and older but food and service is just as amazing!!
4	A busy location. We had a 35 min wait at dinner time on a Tuesday. Service was friendly. Cheesy bread was very good and everyone from our group of 5 all liked their dinners.
4	Surprisingly great food thats affordable.  Me and my wife had the lunch special (baked spaghetti and chicken alfredo) and they were both fantastic.  We checked in via Yelp and had some yummy free appetizers too!
1	I don't even know where to start...I'm trying not to gag as I write this.Anyway, my 3 girlfriends and I went to Olive Garden where there a 1.5 hour wait. I wasn't about to wait that long for less than mediocre food. So I, of course, yelped and saw this place with good reviews. When we arrived here, we were told there would be a15-20 minute wait. That's fine, we put our names down...40 minutes later we got a table. I checked in and received a free appetizer. Cool right!?...WRONG! It was awful! The appetizer was the 6 wings and 6 onion rings plate...the chicken barely had any sauce and it wasn't even cooked. The onion rings...I couldn't tell if there was onion in the breading because it was all bread! Needless to say, we barely touched it. Onto the entree's:I got the spinach manicotti, one of the girls got the chicken Marsala, and another one got the ziti. Mine was bland, plain, and not good, at ALL. I hardly ate. My friend barely touched her chicken Marsala, she said it lacked flavor and the chicken wasn't cooked well. My other friend said her ziti was "ok."The service was ok. As we were tipping, our waitress was just standing there watching us. AWKWARD.This place was super disappointing. Next time, we'll wait for Olive Garden.
