5	Even though they have pieces inside for $75,000 plus, the staff is still happy to take you on a tour of some of the more notable pieces. I really liked everything I saw. I guess I'm into Dutch art, who knew?!I liked sitting on stool top on a bench with marbles. Sliding around the marbles was fun and remarkably, encouraged by the tour guide. The whole idea of Dutch art, in this gallery, is to make you think you know what it is until you touch or get close enough to see what it really is or does. Other Scandinavian furniture stores take design cues from Droog art pieces. I'll be returning again soon to see what new pieces arrive.You know you have arrived at Droog when you see the giant log out front with the seat backs nailed on.
4	I'm a long time fan of Droog. I purchased many of their products when you had to chase them down from obscure sources in Europe. Now with stores in NY and Vegas, many of their items are available for purchase...or more likely to view, they don't seem quite as unobtainable. The thing is, most of the objects Droog offers are items to be appreciated for the way they play with the idea of what design and consumption mean in contemporary society. A lego version of the Cassina Red chair for $75k. Chairs made of bundled rags for $4k. A block of metal with a sledgehammer to forge your own chair. Sandblasted milk bottles as lamps.Some of their items have become part of the lexicon of modern design. Others force us to question what/why we buy. It's fun and expensive.
4	This place is crazy!  Some very insane art in here!  Both in look and in price.  There are some very intricate pieces in here, followed by some that are just over the top.  There are a few benches and chairs in here.  One made of Lego's, one made of crushed and bent metal, and a bench made from one big section of log.  My favorite was the bench with all the marbles resting on top, then you sit on a plate looking seat which allows you to slide from side to side.  Simple idea, but very cool.I also liked the magnetic leaves that you can place about to make a neat and colorful decorative area.  The suction hooks are an awesome idea as well.  Besides a few of the smaller and relatively inexpensive items, I honestly have no idea who is going in here and actually spending money.  Everyone I saw was like me...walked in, look amazed at all the insane items, discussed them with their friends, then left.  The staff were all very nice and are more than happy to show you the pieces and discuss them with you.  I'll definitely come back with a group in town whenever friends and family come to visit.
5	They were out of the magnetic leaves!! I left my number.. I thought they would never call back.. But they did!! I've been to the one in Amsterdam and it's just full of quirky things.. That was also where I found out I took a nap earlier that week on a 10,000+ dollar chair .. Cool to just look around if you are into stuff this kind of stuff
