2	Slow ass service in here, like really really slow. I actually started reading the menu I got so bored. All I wanted was some mixed veg noodles. When I got the "food" home I was brutally disappointed. The veg tasted frozen and the noodles were pure mush. Only go if nowhere else is open.
3	Craving something different from the usual Indian takeaways I usually go for, I decided to try out Jade Palace, as it is located right next to my girlfriend's flat.  My main experience of Chinese food has been courtesy of Jimmy Chung's and as this is pretty much mass produced, I expected something a little different from Jade Palace. However, I was disappointed.  The cantonese style  sweet and sour I had was certainly nothing to get too excited about and the friend rice I had alongside was also fairly unspectacular, although still fairly nice to eat.  The prawn crackers were also very similar to those that I could buy from the supermarket for about half the price.  The saving grace was the curry sauce and noodles that my girlfriend ordered.  The curry sauce was deliciously smooth and not grainy as is often the case. The noodles proved to be jammed tight into the foil container, and as a result the portion was very generous. The prices seemed fairly standard: they did not strike me as particularly cheap but they also did not make my jaw drop to the floor as other Chinese takeaways have done.  Overall, if you're nearby and are desperately craving a bit of Chinese takeaway, this is fine. However, if possible, shop around first to avoid too much disappointment.
1	This is the worst Chinese takeaway in Edinburgh. I went there once with a few friends, big mistake. The people seemed all right, and the food didn't take too long to come. It was apparent why when we got back home. All our food was undercooked, the beef (and I'm being generous calling it that) in particular. Consequently all of us spent the rest of the night in the bathroom, involuntarily ejecting any last remnant of that godawful food, and whatever else was in our stomach at the same time.Save yourself an evening of misery, pain and bodily eruptions and stay well clear of this place.
5	i've searched across the whole of edinburgh looking for a good chinese take away for years now, and this is the best that i've found for that 'classic' eastern taste.  the kung po chicken, honey chili ribs and other regular dishes never fail to delight.Edit:  In case anyone is wondering, my location is NY but I'm originally from Edinburgh (born and bred).
3	As far as Chinese restaurants go in Edinburgh, look no further.  They have some of the best items in town.  The only reason that I give them three stars is because they have an over saturated menu.  They have several really good items, but those are surround by even more bad ones, so if you are not in the know, you may end up having a bad experience.  That being said, I could never get enough of the Honey Chili Chicken.  There is also no seating, so it is only take-out and delivery.  But that was never a problem for me as I lived in the area and would always just drop into pick it up on the way home.
1	Staying with family who ordered take out from this Chinese as we were guests.  Should have checked yelp and trusted the reports on this take away as I agree this place is not great.  I had the Cantonese sweet and sour prawns, not good.  The special fried rice was stodgy and tasteless. The chicken chow mien was grey in colour and grey in taste if u get my drift.  The spring roll was a good size but the prawns in it were shrivelled and tasted rubbery. All in all this Chinese is not a cheap take out with food that is disappointing. Xoxo
