4	I walked in and was seen right away. Very clean shop. Technician was friendly and professional. Actually the first pedicure that I've ever had! Will definately visit again.
5	The best and most reasonably priced around..and I love that they rarely take walkins...they remember every customers name which is amazing!
5	best deal on pedicures in town...this family run business is a jewel in the desert
5	Do My Nails is a great, fun place to get a good pedicure and manicure. I go every two weeks and the staff remembers you by name after your first visit. They are fun, energetic, and they do excellent work. The salon has plenty of pedicure seats with massage options and they are clean and efficient. I would highly recommend this salon to anyone.
5	I would never go anywhere else in the area, I have tried the one by Fry's, Safeway, and on Grand.. None of them are as nice and knowledgable as this group of people. Great job Do My Nails!  Almost forgot their new spa chairs, amazing to say the least.
5	Something is wrong with the map on yelp, it direct you to a location far north from the actual location.  Olive and 103rd is the correct cross street.Map quest the address
5	This is absolutely the best nail/pedicure salon in the north west Phoenix area. Everyone here is very skilled and so caring towards every client.  And the prices are so reasonable. It is such a treat to be pampered and spoiled while I am there.
5	I found this through YELP  reviews and it was top notch.  Wong Lee gave me a great manicure and pedicure.  Massage and hot stones on leg and feet.  He was careful and precise spent almost 1.5 hours and the total cost was $45.00  He was so good I tipped him $10.00  It was my 2nd visit, the first time I had a gel manicure from another girl and she also did an excellent job.  Highly recommend this clean and careful place.
5	I have been going to this salon since it opened.  The staff is very good at what they do an they are so friendly.  And, everybody knows your name.
5	Best "Nail Pro Shop" in the Valley. The Wonderful Family here never fails to go "Above and Beyond" where their customers are concerned. I have been going to this shop for over 10 years, and have been satisfied each and every time. The skills and talent these techs perform is unmatched.Long I just wanted to tell you that your supreme knowledge, talent & skills and freindliness will surely be missed. I truly wish you the best in your future endeavors.Big hugs & much love from your Favorite customer, Jackster C U Saturday for a Marvelous Pedicure
1	They must be popular. I was out in Youngtown and had a break so I decided go get my nails some. I got turned away. They asked if I could come back tomorrow. Disappointed I didn't get to check out their work & can't say that il be back. Too bad.
5	I drive 45 min just to get my nails done. This place is THEE best! I've tried other nail salons but nothing comes even close in comparison. They are very precise and detailed with their work to make sure it is to each customers satisfaction. I love the feeling of being out and complimented about my tastefully designed nails, thanks Joan you are the best!  For those that write about being turned away, ever heard about making an appointment? If you read about the place being so good, be prepared for them to be booked up or at least call.. :)
5	A great salon. They offer many services at reasonable prices. The salon is attractive and very clean. Everyone is very friendly and does a great job.I always make an appointment and never have to wait more than a few minutes. I've seen them make every effort to accomodate walk-ins but sometimes they are totally booked. I don't understand walk-ins who think the salon personnel can drop everything and help them.Do My Nails is the best!!
5	I have been to countless nail salons in the west valley but always find myself coming back to "DO MY NAILS." Great customer service from the nail techs AND very clean. I have gotten gel and acrylics here before special dates or holidays and loved my nails each time! Very unique designs and are very considerate to what I want done.
5	Great people, worth the wait. I was in town from out of state on a visit and stopped in for a pedi. Super friendly, great conversation and awesome work. Next time I'm in for a visit I'll be coming back!
5	Excellent customer service.Always sweet and friendly. Clean environment & nice decor.
5	I am in town on an extended visit to help with a sick relative. I needed to get my nails filled and had no idea where to go. I found this place on Yelp and after reading the reviews decided to try it. I was NOT disappointed!! I was a walk-in and got right in. Joan did an excellent job. My nails looked absolutely fantastic and have held up beautifully for the past 2 weeks. I was so impressed that I am going back today to have them done again before I return me.
5	Best place in town, period! They are clean, professional, very friendly, and totally skilled at what they do. So inexpensive, too!
