5	How I did not know about SkySong until today, I have no clue... but I was blown away by how beautiful this building is!  I attended a World Webinar Network seminar today along with about 100 local business owners.  (It was a fantastic seminar by the way but that's a whole other story!)  SkySong is a brand new mixed use facility, supposedly "the new model for this century's workplace environment."  With 1.2 million square feet, they've got room for everything; specifically they will serve the needs of businesses, research, technology and academia - ASU is a big part of it, and SkySong is the new home for ASU's research/engineering/design/science departments I believe.SkySong is located on the SE corner of Scottsdale and McDowell.  If you are in the market to lease office space or if you have the opportunity to attend a conference or meeting at SkySong, go for it - it's a top notch brand new facility with the highest end technology there is.  Look forward to seeing what the future holds for SkySong!
3	Driving by on Scottsdale Road one wonders what is under the prominent SkySong sails. There has been some controversy over the high cost and purpose but it appears there will be a useful function in the fall. According to the AZ Republic the Old Town Farmers'  Market that was in downtown Scottsdale this year will move to the new location in October.Sounds good to me but hope it will become like some of the large farmers' markets in CA with "real" choices of produce, meats and breads and less so for non edible items.  Isn't the objective of a farmers'  market embedded in the name? Where does it imply jewelry and tourist trinkets?Time will tell.  Either way there should be ample parking and I will just skip the non-food tents and stands.  Just think only three more months of extreme heat or head to the coast for a breather.
2	First day was a flop in my view as a "farmers' market" with lack of organic produce choices.No organic apples or fruit of any kind.Limited veggies to pumpkins and some greensLimited assortment of breadsNo dates or olives but some honeyCouple of cute week old goats brought a chuckleMaybe it will improve over the next few weeks with the "scenic" location under the Skysong sails and lots of room to park on a Thursday afternoon?
2	I hope I have to change this review later....the SkySong farmers market tried. I guess being its first day it leaves it a lot of room to improve. Sad selection of fresh produce (2?3? booths?)...mostly just expensive cheese, expensive jelly, expensive lotion/creams....etc. This venue has a lot of potential being that it's a great location and I love the strangely magical design of SkySong itself. I think i'll go back just because its close by and I really want it to grow and be a little less pathetic next time.... good luck skysong!
4	I am so excited that I have discovered the SkySong Farmer's Market!  I live very close to this location and I am sad that I just now found out about it (I think it has been running since October 09).  It runs every Thursday from 3pm-7pm.  Today I found an array of things...some fresh produce, herbs, cheese, fresh baked breads, body salts, tea, seafood, beef, home made pastas, salsas, jellies, flowers, dog treats, fudge and cupcakes!!!There were a ton of samples...which I loved...and everyone was so nice!! And I was excited to learn that all of the venders accept credit/debit cards.I ended up leaving with a bunch of Italian food and fresh brerads made by Raimondo....Yum!!..I made the pesto lasagna and garlic bread tonight..mmm. Some hand-made salsa, pecan-cinnamon brittle, gerber daisies, salmon, and fresh hummus!!!!  They even had a lady singing live music while you shop!!
4	SkySong is fantastic if you need to rent a room for a conference.  If you need to hold a meeting or what have ya and have a speaker coming in, you can get a room for sooo cheap here.  Seriously, the room we usually get for where I work is the Innovation Room and it's not much, considering how much it can cost to get a conference room at a hotel.It's usually around $100 bucks to book the room, then $25 for each hour you have it.  That includes your audio/visual equipment.  I can't remember the room, but one time we were upgraded to something slightly more expensive and it had a projector screen up front and in back so that our speakers didn't have to keep turning around to look at their own presentation.  Because of a super minor inconvenience, we ended up getting the room for free, too.  That was sweet.I've held two events here and have attended a couple put on by other organizations and it's always awesome.  The food spread they've got going on is awesome.If you have a job that requires you to hold a get-together with clients, call up SkySong and talk pricing and I pretty much guarantee you'll have a very pleasant experience.
4	I have been to two separate events here one of which was TEDx. Pretty much standard for a business park. I like the tent structure outside and personally think it looks cool.
5	For some reason, I have had the opportunity to admire the inside of SkySong a lot lately, and at various hours.  I agree that SkySong is a great place to have meetings, gatherings, shindigs, and hootenannies which I can attest to on a nearly daily basis.  The outside has many nice features including waterfalls, sidewalks, ample covered parking for those who pay, and a restaurant.  And what research park isn't complete with a shaded intersection.  Actually, the giant sun shade is what gives SkySong so much character.  So when we pass the giant tent, I can tell my daughter, "That's where daddy works." And she says, "I know that already."  Or when I fly in and out of the airport I can point out the window and say to whomever is sitting next to me, "Do you see that giant tent?  That's where I work.  Well, not under the tent, that's just an intersection, but in one of those buildings next to the tent." At night, different hues of light are projected onto the moon shade.  And I am definitely not writing this at work, just like how I never check in on Yelp anywhere near SkySong.
5	Skysong is cool.  It's a great, neat looking place with space available for all sorts of entrepreneurs to set up shop, for presentations and conferences and to meet for a cup of coffee.  I've been there a few times to meet with various people and I have to say that the location is convenient and parking is ample.
5	Got a bright idea? Are you a small business or an entrepreneur? This place has it all! I went on a tour here and felt like a sponge taking in waves of innovative vibes. There are all kinds of programs for small businesses to apply for and great opportunities and connections that go along with the programs. So what are you waiting for? Get your pitch together and apply! I also love the architecture with the giant white structures! So photogenic. I'll upload some pics.
3	Since moving to the area 2 yrs ago, I've passed by this building dozens of times.  The large, white sails are hard to miss.  However, I never knew what was located here....until recently when one of the companies we do business with scheduled a meeting at their office to review their products and services with our team.  I had no idea these buildings housed businesses....I thought it was an extension of ASU and that college kids went to school here.  I have to admit that I was excited to finally come check out this place.  When I arrived, I was disappointed to see that parking was so difficult.  There are very few parking spots between each building and many with restrictions.  The buildings are not well marked either, so it was a bit difficult finding the right building once I parked.When I finally walked inside, I was pleased to see a modern building that was well ventilated.  There were a lot of young people who looked like students walking around, so I'm not sure if there's a college campus here.The building gets 4 Stars, the parking 2 Stars.Return Factor - 50%
5	We held a regional training here recently and I was surprised how many attendees had never visited before as I've been visiting ever since SkySong was built and have seen it grow from one building to now three, with more on the way.As the home of ASU Venture Capital efforts, SkySong is both an academic setting and a business location so you get an interesting mix of internet tech types and business suited corporate types. However, they're all working in an amazing location with the latest technology, amazingly designed workspaces, and great meeting and conference rooms. Plus there is a coffee shop with great coffee and food and you're really close to both Old Town Scottsdale and Downtown Tempe. Heck, if you want to you can even rent an apartment in one of the new buildings right next door and spend all your time here.Sure turned out better than the Coyotes Arena they originally wanted to put on this site... didn't it Glendale?
