2	I ordered an entire pizza, and received a sandwich. What?? Cheap, and NOT the tastiest pizza place anyway. Only go here if it's your last option.
1	I'll be blunt with this review: I absolutely cannot stand this Domino's. I don't even mean in terms of the pizza itself. Sure, the pizza isn't exactly GREAT, but I don't think it's particularly bad either. Not fabulous, but ok enough for someone like me.So with that in mind, my problem with this location has relatively little to do with their pizza and everything to do with my office's universal experiences as customers. Firstly, every month, my coworkers and I order from them for a monthly work event, and almost every time we call they insist that we're outside of their delivery range. When this happens we have to tell them that they do in fact deliver to us on a regular basis, and that we're located fairly close to them.Then yesterday, after happily skipping this usual discussion our office was shocked to find ourselves waiting for over TWO HOURS for our pizzas to arrive. We don't expect things to get to us immediately after ordering, which is why we've always called in a while before lunch to place our order each month, but over two hours?! And each time we called they'd just tell us that it was on its way and it would be there soon.When the pizza finally did arrive some poor woman told us she wasn't even working that day and they called her in. I felt bad for her, but then found myself feeling dumbfounded when she asked us at the front of our building, "Do you need me to bring these pizzas up to your office?" Well, yes - considering how hot the boxes were, how many we ordered, and the fact that we needed the Dominos delivery bag to take care of these issues...I don't think we were even comped in any way for the trouble we went through, either (and believe me, we called to complain. Repeatedly.). I say don't order from these guys unless you really, really have too. Like I said, I love me some pizza, even when it isn't fabulous pizza - but when your service lacks this much, even my patience will reach its limits.
1	Oh how I wish I could leave 0 stars, because this joint deserves it.
2	domino's wings were horrible, extremely small and fatty all around.
2	Ugh pretty horrible. The food was standard if not below typical Domino's quality but the service and cleanliness could use a definite upgrade. Maybe we were a little drunk and annoying, but everyone employed there was, like, dead in the eyes. I couldn't wait to get out of there.
