3	Home of the Bubba Stick, hiring now.  Economic recovery in progress..--Comfort, fuel and truck stop; convenience, fast food, candy, truck driver Sharper Image store and restaurant.This is going into my I-10 collection.  I get out of town and always stop somewhere between Buckeye and Tonopah for that break before the long push to Quartzsite.  I frequently rent a few ounces of coffee here too.  A traveler can find a bit of anything at Love's because Love's is designed for people making a living and living on the road.  I don't recall buying Arizona souvenirs or Ayyam-i-ha gifts here, I have found decently price fuel, cell phone charger cords and antennas, coffee (of course), bananas, burgers, water, candy, sit-down sandwiches, salad bars and entrees, and other items.  Love's may be over-loved.  It's often crowded, and the rest rooms may sometimes be a little off for the over-discerning, ever-loving and watchful mom.  I've noticed how important clean rest rooms are to moms and others.  But I've danced in Bouse, refuse to toss personal liquids in roadside water jugs and have been known, in locations unseen by camera or human, to water the desert sands.  Love's is fine by me.
4	Plenty of gas pumps and convenient to get some cooked food inside.If getting gas, caution for enter and exits  at pumps.
3	My band Hero's Last Mission stopped here to get a late night sandwich from Subway. Let me start by saying the Loves is great! They had everything to curb out late night sweet tooths. But on this particular night we wanted Subway. The guy making the sandwiches was absolutely the worst sandwich maker ever. As soon as we walked up he rolled his eyes as if we were inconveniencing his life. Then he proceeded to take his sweet time and completely messed up my sandwich! Normally I would have been kinda mad, but this dude was so ridiculous and horrible it was almost comical! Haha! Anywho, the sandwich was alright, but heed my warning, if you are a late night sandwich fan, beware of the miserable sandwich maker!
3	Love's has everything you could possibly need on a road trip.  Cheap gas, tons of drink choices, a bunch of options for grub!  I knocked down the stars a bit for this particular location because the bathroom was not that clean compared to some spotless Love's bathrooms I have seen in the past.
3	Good selection of stuff here, and the prices are decent, they have both PEPSI and coke products in the fountain, so that is a good thing, please both drinkers there lol. The refill prices were o
5	Good Love's.  Been here several times. Big rig parking is a little tight so get here early! Showers are clean and there's Subway and Chester's. :)
