5	I have to say that I completely disagree with the other persons review on this website. I dont know your background but I am a seasoned runner and as far as I am concerned this place is as good as it gets.Not only do they sell the best kit, the staff offer sound, impartial advice for all your running needs. They have several decades of experience between them and are always very pleasent to me when I visit. Run and Become also sponsor a number of local events so giving back to the community is something they must be largely involved in.Go along and try them out for yourself!
5	One pair of running shoes is probably enough, but what if they get soaked? After a old pair of trainers fell apart I decided to treat myself.The staff were incredibly helpful - explaining all of the different options, looking at my running style and bringing out any number of different shoes so that I ended up with a perfect fit.I simply couldn't ask for more! The store stocks all the usual running gear and the staff really know their stuff! If I'm in need of any new kit and I'm in Edinburgh then Run and Become will definitely be getting my custom!
4	It turns out I am the Cinderella of running shoes, I have to try on half the shop to find the shoe that was made to fit my foot.I bought my first pair of running shoes here a few years ago and recently returned for the second pair. The staff are experts at getting the right running shoe for your circumstances. Pronate or neutral, support or motion control; they have a shoe for you. I'd like to stress that the notion of having try all the shoes in the shop, in a fashion a kin to Harry Potter waving every wand in Ollivanders, in order to find the perfect pair is unlikely for the average punter. I have wide feet, fallen arches and orthopedic insoles to accommodate which can make buying running shoes a laborious task. I trust the staff here to get me the right fit of shoe that isn't going to cripple me when run. They will also let you return trainers that don't fit right after you've tried them out on the treadmill. (Not outside though so make sure you're happy with your shoes before you go for a run round the park with them. A final word of warning to those easily embarrassed. The staff will make you run up and down the street outside (in front of all the buses on Queensferry St) to check your gait and how a shoe fits. It may be embarrassing but its necessary to get the right fit for you.
