5	Really beautiful and wide selection of semi precious stones. They have a wonderful assortment of amythest, amber, onyx and other stones most set in sterling silver. Everything is disaplyed very nicely with some of the jewelry in counter style cases and other pieces in frame-like cases along the walls. They also have a selection of beads if you are into making your own jewelry. They had a small selection of wooden barettes and wooden rings as well. The staff member who was there when we visited was helpful and showed me numerous pieces. I ended up purchasingone ring and I am very satisfied with it. I found most of the prices quite reasonable and my friend was able to negotiate with the staff member for a better deal on a bag. Highly recommended for a wide selection of interesting jewelry and accessories.
5	My favourite jewelry store in Montreal.  We go to this and to Oz faithfully.  I have to rate this higher than Oz because of the selection and pricing.  We've been going for ~4yrs and go each year we return for Formula 1 races.  We were just there today and I got 8 pieces (2 earrings and 6 rings).  As with the previous review their selection is really great.  They have so many stones and silver to select from it's hard to see how someone could not find something they like/love.  Last year I bought among other things the most incredible silver bracelet (very unique with spike type pieces with pearls on them).  I highly recommend this store!
5	I love this store.  It's so rare to find good quality hand-made jewelry (local of course) these days as almost everything seems to be imported from China.  Not so here!  The craftsmanship/quality is superb!  I love that they have such a wide selection of jewelry to choose from, especially in silver.  I would definitely recommend anyone looking for fun unique jewelry to go here!!
5	I rarely shop for jewelry but I went in here with my wife and a few friends to check it out.  This was by far the best selection of jewelry that I've seen in a jewelry store.  My wife and I didn't buy anything because we were just browsing but the prices seemed reasonable.  Our friend who lives here bought some jewelry and she definitely plans on going back again.  If I was planning on buying my wife some jewelry, this would be the place to go.
