1	(Update: I guess I was getting too noisy, because my mortgage was dumped onto another lender so I don't have any more recourse. Do not do business with these liars and thieves.)I was offered a loan modification, were misinformed about process and our payment was increased instead of reduced. Caused us to file for bankruptcy.One year after I bought my house, I received a notification that there was a mistake with escrow the way my mortgage was written, and that my payment was increasing by nearly $200. This was not something I was capable of doing, I signed a specific mortgage to make a specific payment. So, in 2010 I applied for and was considered for a loan modification, after signing on with a third party agent who failed to perform any of his duties and forced us to file a lawsuit, we contacted BofA directly who finally claimed to get the unfinished paperwork processed and started the modification process.The first packet we receive for our three month "trial" period stated a new payment that was an INCREASE of approximately $300. I called specifically about this and arranged an in-person meeting with one of their loan modification specialists at one of their corporate centers in my home city of Phoenix. I was assured every time that this increase in payment would not be permanent and it was a direct result of being behind on my payments. I reluctantly accepted this, and forced my way through the further burden on my finances. After my three month trial period, I received my final paperwork. Contrary to everything I was assured by every level of employee at Bank of America I could contact, the $300 increase was, in fact, permanent. Managers I contacted to complain behaved as if they were doing me a favor because despite the $300 increase, the months I was behind were being forgiven.So, they were basically telling me I could accept the new payment and be forced to file for bankruptcy, or deny the new payment program and face foreclosure instead.In doing this, Bank of America caused me to file for Bankruptcy in order to keep my house. And were thoroughly unapologetic and unwilling to correct this injustice.It has been over a year now, and we have just completed our Bankruptcy and had the case closed. What do I receive in the mail? A statement from Bank of America saying I owe late fees on my mortgage payment (approximately $250) that they refuse to correct, which was a direct result of removing our mortgage from their Bankruptcy department and failing to inform us of doing so. Then, I was sent (via overnight FedEx) a packet that they claimed I requested for a Loan Modification.When we called to complain, we were told that this was just "mass mail". Not only is overnight FedEx not mass mail and clearly a lie, their records should show more than clearly that I had been thoroughly through a "Loan Modification" program with them previously. This is a gross misappropriation of funds and just further evidence of their negligence and abuse toward their customers.A letter of complaint was written onto their Facebook page. It was deleted with no response. Bank of America agents are unwilling to correct their own errors and rectify the abuse I have suffered by their actions. I have been mistreated time and time again by this organization and they do not care. I have finally had enough. I can provide any paperwork necessary to substantiate my claims, but it is nothing that Bank of America does not have on record.We have filed a complaint with the BBB (CASE#: 438356), and will continue to complain to every organization we can until this is rectified. I have been abused by this organization quite enough, thank you very much.
2	I am in the process of closing my accounts because this bank just stinks.....not just this location but the bank in general. I'm going local. You can't call it service when there are only two tellers and a line of people. The actual tellers are nice enough for the most part  so this all boils down to poor management and/or saving money on operations by downstaffing. The makes for a very poor operation that is sorely lacking in efficiency or any semblance of personalized service. Unfortunately my employer banks with Bank of America so while I'd like to say "See you later" if they actually ever get around to closing my account and sending me my money, I'm afraid they're still in my life to one degree or another.
1	Do not use their ATMAttempted to withdraw $ for a bike cab when in Phoenix using my bank's card. Their ATM proceeded to charge me the withdraw amount plus $3 but game me no money. When calling the branch to ask for ATM reconciliation, nobody picks up the phone. If anybody has been to downtown Phoenix during the day, they would know only people at conferences are walking around that section of town so I couldn't imagine who they would be helping. After getting routed to their 800 line several times and being told to only the branch or my bank could start that process I decided to give them the ol "call repeatedly until someone picks up." After about 30+ tries, I reached a girl who told me only the phone support number could start this process. Explained to her that several agents had told me the branch had to start this process and ask to be introduced during a transfer to someone who could help. Guess what? I was just sent to the start of the 800 menu again. Was not able to reach anybody after another 10 calls, I gave up defeated but still victorious. Victorious in the fact I don't have a bank account with these unresponsive a holes. Would never consider opening an account with any BofA after my experience with this branch and will be sure tell others to heed my warning.  Thank FSM for local banks!!
