3	It's fine for a huge grocery store but I still prefer the smaller stores like Trader Joe's, Fresh and Easy, Sprouts, etc.  My daughter and I have come in here about three times since I've been in town to use my Wells Fargo account to cash her work checks.  It's handy that they have the satellite branch of WF inside the Albertsons.
3	When traveling to this region, this has become a standard for us in being easily accessible, having the products we're usually looking for, best in quality and excellent customer service.
4	Sometimes a man needs to buy deodorant when he's out of town. And he also needs a razor. And he also needs shaving cream. Basically, sometimes a guy forgets all of his toiletries and he needs to run out and get toiletries. Enter Albertson's.What can we say about Albertson's, except that it's a solid grocery and drug stop when you're in the neighborhood. What's better than that? Finding good prices on these toiletries.. although I couldn't find the travel size area, I did get a good deal on the items I needed to spruce myself up.Convenient here on Baseline, and lots of other strip mall options in the hood.
3	This store has good prices on many things, some much cheaper than Safeway and others equal to Fry's. It all depends on what you're shopping for. I prefer Fry's in my area of town though because the Albertson's by me ALWAYS smells like rotten fish and enough to make me hurl. This location just happens to be by my friend's apartment so whenever we need something we just run in here and get the items. Very easy to get in and out of and very good customer service.
3	I really like the store since the remodel. Overall great prices if you get what is on sale in the flyer. If you stray off that then you can end up spending way way more than you planned. The more "specialty" items tend to get pricey here and you'd be better off get those things at a Trader Joe's or elsewhere. The deli service has always been hit and miss for me but the prices are are much better than some of the other close grocery stores so it's still pretty worth it.
3	Ya, you still got all those toiletries and departments that I lauded in the first review. But, now that I've been here a bunch and use it as an actual grocery store, seeking meats and bread and jam and produce and all the things that make every day eating possible, I've gotten a better feel for things. It's just a little disjointed for my taste. The pharmacy is off in this little corner with all the pharmacy products. And what's up with the peanut butter? And the fruit juice? They just seen to be oddly placed, and the peanut butter and honey is off in its own lonely little planet. This is still a fine place to shop for your groceries, but it always seems to take me just a little too long. So it's not my number one choice.
4	That chicken set up near the deli looks pretty epic. The Albertson's near my work does not have that.
