4	Authentic Szechuan & Taiwanese cuisine in NDG? Yessir.I have been here twice now, both times during dinner time and they are starting to get a bit busier.My wife and I tried their Ma Po Tofu dish first and man, did it transport me back to my travels in Asia. You can tell they made their chili oil fresh here and make sure to get a bowl of rice to go along side this one.The next dish we sampled was their Taiwanese beef noodle in soup. The beef shanks were super tender, noodles were a bit softer than I would like, but the broth helped bouy this dish back to an excellent rating,The last dish we had was the twice cooked fish, which was pan fried first and then quickly deep fried. Lots of garlic, onions and green peppers garnish this dish with some black fungus. It's spicy. it's delicious. I think this was my favourite one.They are licensed now, so grab a cold bottle of Kirin and enjoy some great food.
5	Chef Andy is passionate about cooking and it shows in the food. Dishes are flavorful and capture the best of Sichuanese cuisine (with a little Taiwanese and fusion mixed in). Small menu which isn't overwhelming and a good selection of meat and vegetarian dishes. Another plus: Chinese, Japanese and Korean beers and wines. I'm already addicted to the Taiwanese Steam Pork Burger which consists of a generous serving of marinated pork belly (cooked to perfection) topped with pickled mustard greens, fresh chili peppers, and cilantro Most restaurants would charge $20 for a cut of pork like this (versus $8 at Gia Ba). Sichuanese favorites: the poached fish hot pot, cumin chicken, twice cooked fish, chili pepper beef, green beans with chili and pork, yu xiang eggplant with dou ban jiang, cucumber with house chili sauce and cashews (a light starter) and (of course, if I'm hungover) dan dan noodles. Basically I've fallen in love with any dish with a good amount of Sichuanese pepper which isn't as spicy as one might think. Five stars for excellent food, good portions, great ambiance, as well as a passionate chef and a friendly host who will both tell you everything you want to know about Sichuanese food. If you think Chinese food only consists of beef and broccoli, chow mein, sweet and sour pork, or fried rice you really don't know anything about Chinese food (just keeping it real). All I can tell you is to open up your mind, take a risk, and try something new. You won't regret it! The only down-side: Gia Ba is closed on Mondays!!! :-(
5	Personally don't think you should review a place if you haven't eaten there...maybe that's just me...Went here, had yu xian eggplant w du ban jiang - nice sweet, smoky, maple flavour - can't say i've had anything like this; dumplings in spicy sauce - also amazing and as described with nice garlic and ginger flavour; on special we had chili soft shell crab. WOW. i'll be back.
4	I've been twice. Both times, the food was fantastic. Service was great, got seated with no hassles. Yu Xiang eggplant, Braised Chicken with 13 spices, General Tao Chicken and Dan Dan noodles are some of my faves. Softshell crab special was superb. I was fortunate to go with a large group, so got to try many of the appetizers too. Cold fungus and a cold cucumber dish were dynamite! It's unfortunate that a couple of people (from the same visit) decided to give Gia Ba a single star because they couldn't get seated (they also seem to have double teamed other sites too) - not fair to the chef Andy, who is stellar! Prices are reasonable and portions are tremendous! GO!
1	The third time we go there, first time 9:45 they're closed. 2nd time 9:40 there telling us they are closed we argue about closing time they still serve us. The food was very good. Third time we get there 9:30 the door is locked. Its real good chinese food but without the chinese buisness mentallity. By the way if you say you have opening hours you respect them or else what good are they for?! That's why i give it a 1 star rating. The foor was really good but we asked them for rice for two and they served us a 1 person portion of rice. You know the small ball of rice they serve you for single people.. Ne way thats all i have to say... Ho yeah a bit on the expensive side for an asian restaurant....
5	We ate here on a Friday evening, around 8:30pm. We'd called to make a reservation but they only take them for 4 or more people. We didn't however have any trouble getting a table, despite the rave reviews the place has been getting lately.Those reviews are warranted. We started with (Chinese) Mushrooms and walnuts in Szechuan spices, which was spicy and citrusy, with succulent but springy mushrooms. The main dishes followed in rapid succession: Cumin beef (meat cooked and spiced just right), Giaba sweet and sour short ribs (you'll never want to eat BBQ sauce on your ribs again), Taiwanese radish, tofu, peanuts and celery (a mixture of crunch and softness, with tang from the pickled radish and an almost meaty taste from the tofu).They have a good selection of drinks, with two beers on tap, including Sapporo. The service was efficient and the staff ready to help with suggestions.We'll definitely be back but with more friends, to take advantage of the window seats and the ability to order a greater selection of dishes!
5	Perfect. Everything  is really well done, and delicious. Far and away the best Szechuan in Montreal. Make sure you order the sliced poached fish with a gazillion chilis. The green bean and eggplant dishes are also great. OK everything is really good.
