3	Yesterday was my first time at Longhorn and I was quite surprised about how tender the steaks are for a run of the mill chain. A shame that my steak came drenched in sauce though. The chicken was just as tender - filet tender and service here is equally good. They also top the mashed potatoes with clarified butter, Yum.The downfall was that they served us extra cold chips and they were an appetizer, not complimentary. The food was also oversalted; Seasoned and then sprinked with extra salt.Overall decent food with moderate prices. I'll know what to ask for next time now.
3	This is my second time to this location and we went with a group of 11 on a Friday night for a friend's birthday.  We had called ahead to be there at 6:30...and we weren't seated until 7:15?  Not sure what the purpose was to call ahead, but nonetheless we were all together and each side of the table had their own waitstaff which seemed to keep the flow going well.There was a wide variation of items ordered from the 2 for $29.95 menu where you can choose an appetizer or dessert, a salad and an entree.  My fiance and I ordered the Portabello Chicken with vegetables and the 8oz steak.  Mine was okay, not the best chicken I've ever had and the zucchini was barely cooked.  His steak was overcooked or they switched it with the birthday boy's whose was undercooked? They made it right and he was pleased with the flavor and tenderness.  We started with the firecracker chicken wraps which were flavorful and the avocado dipping sauce was quite good.  We added dessert since he was craving Key Lime Pie, but it was disappointing with not much flavor, definitely not tart enough and not worth the calories in my opinion.The manager brought out sampler platters of desserts for the others because of the wait time and the screw ups in the orders...which was a nice touch.  I sampled the cheesecake (pretty good) the chocolate cake (good but not quite rich enough) but I didn't get to taste the apple crisp which looked really good.Good place for a group if you don't mind the wait, food was as expected I suppose for a chain restaurant.  Thank goodness we had a gift card...kind of made it all better :)
5	As chains go Longhorn always stands out! This location has never disappointed me and I've been dining here over 10 years.  The food is consistently good and so is the service. The chain is always coming out with new menu items and the food is always fresh. You can't compare it to fine dining, but dining here won't disappoint!
4	I'll cut right to the tender, juicy heart of Longhorn...its a great chain steakhouse, and as far as I am concerned, it puts Outback to shame.  Their STEAK and SERVICE are just flat-out better in my mind than Outback.  I am not an Outback hater or anything, its just than when I tell people about Longhorn, the response I usually get is, "Why don't you just go to Outback??"  Well here's what keep's me coming back to Longhorn instead...*Steaks are always juicy, tender and cooked to perfection.  I've never had a bad or less than satisfactory steak at Longhorn.  I usually order the 7oz. Flo's Filet.  Don't worry, 7oz. of quality steak is more than what you think, and is more than enough for most people (see pics).  *I love the Crab and Lobster dip (see pics).  I order this almost every time I go here.  I don't know if the crab and lobster are imitation or not, and to be honest, I really don't care.  All I know, is that it is a stellar appetizer and puts the overrated Blooming onion to shame as far as appetizers go.*I love the mash-potatoes.  I just wish they would cut back on the butter a little bit.  I mean we all love butter, but no one's trying to sacrifice their life for it.  I recommend asking for lite butter on the mash-potatoes if you choose to order them as a side to go with your entree.*I love the brown bread that they serve before the meal.  It's good, but it's better when its warm and fresh, and I've had some non-fresh bread before.  I can't say that the bread is consistently better than Outback's.*The service is always top-notch.  Everyone from the hostess, to the manger to the servers are extremely friendly and polite.  Drinks are always promptly refilled and orders are always correct.  *They do serve a few select beers on draft such as Bud Light and Blue Moon, but beware, they aren't cheap and can turn a reasonably priced dinner into an expensive one very quickly.  In recent visits, I have tried to stay away from the alcoholic beverages while there.  There's nothing NOT to like about Longhorn.  Reasonable prices, great food, and awesome service...what else do you need?
3	Our original intention was to go to Texas Land and Cattle, but apparently it has closed down. We headed off down Harris Boulevard in search of something else to satisfy a desire for steak. Since I-85 is such a hassle with rush-hour traffic and now all that construction, we decided not to endure more of that and not trek further for a Texas Roadhouse steak. Passing the highway on-ramp, we remembered Longhorn's existed. I used to live in the area and had been a there a few times before, years and years ago.We both ordered steaks, my friend the NY Strip and I -- my preferred cut -- the ribeye. We got our drinks and bread the same time as the side salads. My tea was a bit bitter, the side salad was decent but bland. I prefer other place's blue cheese dressing to Longhorn's. This place's was a bit watered down.The steak and potato arrived after we finished the salads. My friend enjoyed his, and I thought mine was fine. It was a bit tough and chewy, but not enough to send back. I finished it all and was fairly satisfied and definitely full.Everyone has their preferences, and for about the same price, I prefer Texas Roadhouse. They are more tender and juicy in my opinion, as well as thicker and more marbled. I like their tea much better (less bitter and more sweet) and their side salads (dressing there is thicker with less iceberg lettuce). They serve rolls instead of sliced bread, which i also prefer. So, I guess maybe is all down to preference, and I prefer Texas Roadhouse.As for the service, that was a-okay. No problems there, minus the urge to up-sell, which I find quite annoying, but I accept it is a part of eating out. Our server was quick on the refills and checked in to make sure the meals was (as she put it), "okay."As the star rating and the server said, it was all "okay." Not a place I would return to unless it was someone else's idea and they had the desire for it. Also, my friend paid, so it's tough to beat that.
4	I was surprised how much I liked the restaurant.  Food was good, service wonderful and good set up for a large group.  We were easily 23 people in attendance.I had the Flavorful Under 500 entree and it was very good - the steak was wonderful!
3	I've been dining here off and on for the last eight years. I find their steaks (rib eye is my choice) to be juicy and tender. If I was to compare this to Outback, I would choose Longhorn every time. I have only had steaks ( uh...this IS a steakhouse...right??) and cannot comment on other meals offered. Their salads are good and their chili is a bit too thick. Overall...a good place to eat.
5	Good food ,Great service!   Great service from the moment we entered until we left. The server was pleasant very attentive. Our order was exactly as we ordered and we all enjoyed steaks, salads and side dishes. We will return when we go to Charlotte!
5	I love Longhorn Steakhouse.  I like mostly all dishes because I think everything is seasoned really well. Regarding this visit, we went out as a family (hubby, me, my mother, and the girls). Initially, we were put in small table, but they accommodated us by moving us to a bigger booth, which was more comfortable. We got a crab dip for the appetizer and it was a large portion. Enough to go around. I got my standard steak and absolutely loved it. They cook their steak with enough seasoning and to perfection that you don't need steak sauce. Also, their sweet potatoes with the butter and brown sugar are so mouth watering. Our waitress was very attentive and made sure to bring out my daughters food first, so she wouldn't get fussy. She also brought back crayons for her to play with to keep her occupied.It's right off of Harris not to far from 85, so very convenient.
5	On this early evening, my first visit to this location, service by Bo was excellent!  This made for a great early dinner, which was quite tasty as well.  I often opt for the salmon or shrimp.  Today I had the lighter portion of Redrock Grilled Shrimp with rice and my fav, a sweet potato.  Dinner was scrumptious and under 500!  I love Longhorn for these nutritious meals and the great service didn't hurt either.
2	This place is just ok. We went here on Saturday, simply because we had a gift card. We aren't usually chain restaurant people, but someone in my family gave us a gift card.We each ordered a glass of wine and decided to split the 11 oz sirloin steak with loaded potatoe. I'm so glad we split it. Definitely enough for two people (and my husband is an eater too!). Good steak, well seasoned. Side was good too. Nothing special but good.Just some things I noted that were kinda off:-We didn't say anything about this cause in the end, we didn't care that much. However, they seated us at the booth that shares the wall with the kitchen/server station area. It was pretty loud.....and there were servers standing like 3 feet from us chatting....and dishes banging. At one point, someone in the kitchen dropped a crap ton of silverwear. It was so loud, I jumped out of my seat haha. Pretty distracting. I mentioned to my husband that if we were a couple that never went out very often and we were going out for a special meal, I would be pretty upset, cause we could barely hear each other. We got there at like 5:30 and there were plenty of other seats in the place.....I would only use that table to seat people as a last resort. -Our waitress was kinda non-existent. Basically, she brought us a menu, initial drinks, food, and check. Which is kinda odd considering the serving station was a mere 5 feet from us! My water was empty for most of the meal and it never got refilled. Not a huge issue cause I did have my wine :)-Lastly, I don't know if I even have the right to mention this. I mean we did split a meal and that isn't how most couples do it. However, they brought out one salad and one meal. Like no extra dishes, no splitting anything, etc. I mean we are super laid back people so we never said anything and just dug in and ate. However, afterwards, both of us mentioned it to each other. The salad was so big. They could have easily split the amount of lettuce and dressing and just put it in two bowls so we werent reaching across the table. It would have just created one extra dish to clean...big deal.It's little things like the above that can make or break an experience....especially when there are soooooooo many restuarants in the area. Unless someone happens to give us another gift card, we probably won't return.
4	Give the Southwest Shrimp a try. It is awesome. Steaks were good and chocolate stampeded was very big and very good.
4	Eat here somewhat regularly.  Food is normally very good. Service varies between pretty good and very good. We had dinner here last night.  Good service. Most of the food was great.  Unfortunately, my steak was a bit on the tough side.  Didn't complain, cause it was seasoned perfectly and their steaks are usually very tender.  One downside - there we're a couple of screaming kids present for most of our meal.  No one from the restaurant said anything to the parents. I realize this can be an awkward situation for the restaurant management, but I think everyone deserves a pleasant dining experience (not just parents). It 'seems' parents are often content to sit and let their kids scream at the top of their lungs.  ...sigh...
5	This location is a step above the rest. The last time I visited one of these restaurants, it wasn't the greatest. However, this location has excellent food and even more excellent staff. We had a large party and we were very well taken care of. The food came out promptly and our drinks were always full. Great time!
5	Great food but amazing service!  We had 2 of the specials!  Yum stuffed steak with cheese?  Yes please!  But I still can't get passed how friendly the entire staff was!  Thank you!
5	This is the kind of place that deserves a round of applause. Great food and great service at prices you can't beat. No wonder the Old Mallard Creek LongHorn Steakhouse is currently no. 2 in customer satisfaction in the country. And I wouldn't be surprised if they take the top spot by the end of this month to be the best in 2014!Let me start off by saying that there are people who say you have to wait long but no, we just walked right in on a Saturday night even though the place looked packed. They took me and my wife to a nice, comfy booth in the back where I like it, and it looked like it was just cleaned, which means the staff are quite diligent.Then we met Tim, who helped us out that night. He was awesome! He was quick, smooth, knowledgeable, friendly in a non-creepy-guy way, all throughout the night. He knew when to come to us exactly when we wanted him to, and he took our orders like a pro. By that I mean filling in the gaps like when I said Ribeye, he asked the Outlaw Ribeye. And when I said no, I'm not that hungry tonight, he backed off immediately and said yeah, you need an empty stomach for that. I don't like people who push it with comments like 'you sure?', 'come on buddy!' I want to eat what I want to eat. And I did have the Outlaw Ribeye last time so I wanted to try the regular.Let me tell you, the price is right! We ordered the Sampler, a Ribeye and a Renegade Sirloin that both came with a side and a salad, and a OMB Southend. All that cost us a little over fifty! You know LongHorn is in the same family as Capital Grille. I say the steak is just as good and the price is half! How about that.Now the last thing I want to mention is the excellence of the entire staff. The manager who stopped by was friendly, the receptionist, the kitchen staff was obvious good at what they do, and Tim F. were all super. He even got us a desert to make our experience more awesome. So that was our Saturday night dinner that made up for a bad Thanksgiving lunch at Nan & Byron's. So I'd definitely recommend this place to whoever.
2	The ribeye is my favorite steak.  I ordered the Outlaw Ribeye, rare, and it wasn't my favorite steak.  It was cooked rare, but it was full if sinews.  This steak had more sinews than the ones you get from Food Lion.  I am thoroughly disappointed because this is a steakhouse - paying $25 for 18oz ($18.80/lbs) should guarantee you get a great steak, or at the very last a fair quality steak.  My wife had the prime rib, she enjoyed it despite the overabundance of pepper.  She puts A1 sauce on steak, and being a steak snob I don't weight her opinions as heavily.  I really wanted to like this steak but now I just really want my money back (along with my time and a chance to do this all over again somewhere else).  The Outlaw Ribeye should be outlawed if they keep serving  up so much sinew.  The sinew so dominated my review that the lack of marbling (flecks of fat) and abundance of large globs of fat (large gobs don't count as marbling) were secondary.  I am able to chew and eat fat with some meat, but I had to spit out so many bites of steak because I couldn't even chew them.  These sinews got stuck in my teeth like floss and I could pull them out because they were so long.
5	Calamari was superb! Also had the 3 cheese pasta with lobster and shrimp. Service was excellent as well. This is a great lunch spot.
4	The general manager, Chris Hefner, reached out to me after the Darden Restaurants social media contact made him aware of my review and experience at his restaurant.  I received a personal call and an apology.  On top of that Chris invited me to give the restaurant a second try, compliments of him.I decided that after writing such a harsh, but accurate, review I should give Longhorn Steakhouse another try.  I went there and it was night and day.I ordered the same steak again: the Outlaw Ribeye.  This time I was more conservative and went medium rare instead of rare - I love rare steak but un-melted beef fat coats the mouth and isn't toothsome.   It was delicious.  Marbling was great, there was almost no connective tissue, and what little there was happened to be so slight you could eat it without considerable trouble.  The bone was much smaller - and there were very few chunks of fat (as opposed to marbled) on this steak.  I took pictures!My wife ordered the ribeye.  She thought it was fine but a bit thin, one bite of my Outlaw Ribeye and she was jealous.  After I initially wrote this review I called the manager and he said you can request a thicker steak and you will be accommodated.  For $5 more I can't recommend you go directly to the Outlaw Ribeye - it is thicker and bigger, even though there is a bone there is 18oz vs 11oz.  I have a picture with a fork in front of each of the steaks to try and give you perspective on the relative thickness.There are some cons to the evening: our appetizer (shrimp and lobster dip) arrived before out complimentary bread (the bread arrived with our entrees).  We were half-done eating it when our salads arrived.  We had just gotten to our salads after finishing off the appetizer (ran out of chips before dip) when our steaks arrived.  I like fast service but our courses came out too close together, but not so close together as to have all three courses out at once.I ordered the mashed potatoes and asked if I could get those loaded.  I received the standard mashed potatoes, when I got the attention of our waitress she quickly brought out more mashed potatoes on a separate plate and these were loaded.  There is no additional charge to get your mashed potatoes loaded, and we were allowed to keep both sets of mashed potatoes.  Ordering the potatoes this way was the recommendation of our waitress: I always like it when waitstaff know the food on the menu from experience.These were only minor inconveniences.  The Outlaw Ribeye shined so bright because of its excellent taste and preparation that overall we had a wonderful time.
