4	Went here for lunch today. I've been a couple of times and each time I've been impressed. It's a tiny, dingy stripmall place with a drink fountain on one side, couple of bench seats, couple of tables, and a counter up the back. They've got the usual huge menu - all sorts of chicken, pork and beef dishes. Doesn't sound like much, but it gets four stars based on the following. It's excellent value, it's fresh, tasty and filling food, and you don't wait more than five minutes for it to be prepared. As we all know, regular Chinese take-away isn't terribly spectacular at the best of times, but this place has bowls, combos and dinner specials for extremely reasonable prices, and you get a LOT of food. Today, for example, I got the lunch combo for take-out. Were I to have stayed, it would have been unlimited soda refills (of course). The meal included the mongolian chicken, rice fried in soy sauce, an eggroll, two small containers of sauce, a fortune cookie, two sachets of soy sauce, fork, napkins and they even threw piece of cardboard at the bottom of the take-out bag so the whole shebang wouldn't tilt and spill while being carried.Big deal, you say? It was $5.75. Yeah, it IS a big deal to me. The rice was piping hot and fresh out of the wok, the rest of the meal was delicious, I've been several times and I haven't gotten food poisoning (UNLIKE several Mexican crapholes scattered around town), and you're stuffed for under six bucks. Yeah, it wasn't haute cuisine. Yeah, I wasn't eating duck sphincter with bat cock pate and an olive tapenade by candlelight at some ridiculous elite event. But it was delicious, substantial, and more than enough to keep me coming back.
4	Nice and cheap. Good portions. Love the general soa chicken and crab puffs. Delivery is an option as well.
3	...and the challenger "Dance Stuffed in My Pocket" recieves...3 and 1/4 StarsPink Lotus is a decent, clean, hole-in-the-strip-mall americhino classic.Their extensive menus includes all the basics, prepared hot and fresh for you to takeout or dine in, as long as the odd mural on the wall doesn't scare you off.  (pic)The food was pretty good.  General Tsao's chicken is a barometer to me, and Pink Lotus' rendition was a little different.  Think more along the lines of spicy terriyaki than hoysin.  But there were lots of bits of green onion and minced FRESH garlic (I'm still getting garlic burps).  The consistency, as well as the flavor that was underneath the sauce, was more like rough chopped chunks of crispy fried chicken than the usual batter-balls.  Good but a little greasy.Pink Lotus is pretty generous with giving small discounts to deserving community members like military or helathcare workers (pic).They've been hidden on the outside edge of this shopping center for years and I'd never noticed them before.With lunch specials at around $5-6 including drink, more menu research must be done here, clearly.
4	Fantastic food.  New work location for me, and this was one of many food places nearby.  Food was delivered quickly, hot, tasted great, and all in all was the best I'd had in a while. The tea was ice cold and fresh too which was a big deal for me - too many FF places will serve tea that's been sitting out for hours and starting to sour.
5	I like the food there it is always fresh and tasty. The price is right and  the service friendly. The have free soda during lunch time and delivery service. They also give 20% off  discount to active military personnel for dine-in and take-out, that is pretty cool. They are the only Chinese restaurant that does that for the military. They also give 10% discount for seniors and government employees.
4	i've been here a few times now, and i haven't been disappointed yet. tonight i had the house chicken, which consists of fried cuts of chicken smothered in their house garlic sauce. the brown rice was perfect and i appreciate that they gave me the option of brown rice - most quick-serve chinese places only offer white rice. i also got 1/2 order of crab puffs - i'm convinced these do not have an ounce of crab in them, but they are tasty. the 1/2 order isn't on the menu, but they'll still let you order it. my take out is always packed better than any take out i've ever received. the sauce was even in a separate container from the chicken! i had a 15 minute drive from pink lotus to home and the chicken, the sauce and the rice  were all still steaming. the employees are friendly and do the right thing - one lady was waiting for her call in order that should have been ready when she got there so they apologized and gave her a free soda while she waited. take out is delivered to the customer, you aren't called to the counter. it is the little things like those that impress me. prices are way cheap.a few not so good things: the sweet and sour sauce was really runny. the place is hot as hell - i really think they don't have a/c. the inside is small and dumpy but clean. all in all, i like pink lotus a lot.
1	Had delivery last night and it was TERRIBLE!I threw the menu away
3	This place has some good food.  The place is a dive but I've always enjoyed their dishes.  They also give a 10% discount for government workers and other groups.  I always get their shrimp fried rice and egg rolls and they've always been very good.
2	Decided to give this little "mom & pop" place a try when I was seriously craving some Chinese food. The service was great and food was ready quickly.  I was somewhat disappointed at the quality though. I feel like I could have gotten the same food from Panda Express for a lot less money. Will definitely try another place next time I'm craving Chinese.
1	We placed an order at 735 and asked if they delivered to our address. They said yes, for $3. They also said it would be 40 minutes. An hour later...we called to find out where our food was! The guy who answered said "oh I was just getting ready to call you...I can't deliver to you. Its too far." Um, OK! Way to run a bad business buddy and keep your word! The ratings here aren't even that good but we thought we'd try it since they supposedly delivered to deer valley road. BTW, if you are in our area, Pronto Pizza does deliver, FOR FREE, and their ratings are better than this dump. Thanks for nothing, pink lotus!!!
5	I have been ordering take-out from this small place for YEARS.  It's my favorite.  Although I do not know the entire menu, I faithfully order the same thing:  House Chop Suey, House Egg Foo Young, and Crab Puffs.This particular order is wonderful.  My husband dislikes crab puffs from any other place - but he LOVES them from Pink Lotus.  Prices and specials are great.  Food is consistent - big portions... you'll have left overs.  Yumm!The family-run restaurant is small, clean, and the folks (& their children) are so friendly.  They will bring your food out to you stacked neatly in bags, inside a box to go.  They only have a few tables... but you can phone-in your order.  They also deliver.  I usually phone-in my order and pick it up in person.
1	At first I thought this would be your typical two-star lame carryout Chinese place; well, pals, it was all that (cookie cutter menu, interior that looks like it hasn't been upkept since the 60s) and less.  Actually, this place was much more creepy on the inside than the average Chinese take-out, but with those places it's about the food I guess anyway. Pink Lotus's, by the way, is terrible.I got "Kung Pao II: Chicken & Shrimp" (I'll leave you to make up corny jokes about how that could be a movie title or whatever). It looked pretty typical of one of these places, but the taste was way off. The rice tasted weird, like peanut butter or something. I guess you might say "WELL THAT DISH HAS PEANUTS;" I know that, but the rice was on the side. Besides that, the eggroll that came with it seriously just tasted like an industrial cleaning solution smells. Also, all the veggies clearly came from a bag or something as they were perfectly square-cut and tasteless.I don't care if they're supposedly "Mom & Pop." When "Pop" comes out to wait on me a full minute after I walk in, acting like I'm pissing him off, I can't really be fond of him or his place. Plus, the kitchen is almost completely hidden, save a small window on the door from which he emerged; maybe that's how the building was set-up when they moved in, but even the dirtiest of Chinese joints I've been to let you see the kitchen. This place is a dive, and not some diamond in the rough like the other reviewers who have strange blind loyalty because their office is next door and they've ordered everyday for the past 20 years would have you believe.
2	Beef and broccoli rocks, teriaki chicken sucked.  I have experienced better. (insert farting noise here)
1	I phoned in the order for pick up, he quoted 10 mins.  I got there and told him I was here for a pick up.  Ok, he took off to the back.  I heard plastic bags wrestling and he came out with my order.  It was nice he put it in a box so the soup does not spill.  Not the service was totally lacking, no hello, double checking if the order was correct, or even saying a word to me.  House Special Chicken Bowl - It did not come in a bowl, small portion of chicken, huge portion of the garlic sauce, and a small amount of rice.  It was ok.Egg Flower Soup - It was bland, so bummed.
4	We have ordered from Pink Lotus often for several years now.  Our last two houses are within the delivery area. It's not amazing! But its good.  Yes, if you choose to pick up, the inside is creepy. Really weird mural painted inside. Their delivery times are kinda hit or miss. Sometimes its a very long wait but I am lazy so it works. I will sit and complain how hungry I am rather than go see that creepy goat or whatever it is on a mural.
1	I was not happy with the Beef Lo Main. Not a dish I would suggest. The inside was pretty cute, they had fish in a little tank for you to look at while waiting for your food. The staff was nice. But I do not think I am going to go there again.
4	House Special Chicken!  Eat here at least once a month and always get the same thing.  House Special Chicken dinner combo.  I suggest you do the same.  I'm sure their other stuff is good too but why try anything else when you've had the best?  Good egg rolls!
3	Friday 10/04/13 I have been looking for a good place for take out / that delivers Chinese food. Carol didn't want to cook so we decide to call here for take out considering they left a menu on our door and we never tired this place.This is Americanized Chinese food, not authentic Chinese food. The prices are unbeatable at this quality, speed, and flavor! This place is good for delivery Chinese food.  I didn't have high expectations with delivery food but I enjoyed the food from this restaurant..  As far as Americanized Chinese food goes, it's pretty good. The food isn't dripping in oil and grease and portions are fair. Service was good and the restaurant itself was brightly decoratedI ordered my old stand by Shrimp with lobster sauce and Carol ordered her favorite dish Moo Shu Pork. Both dishes came with rice, eggroll fried wonton and crab puffs.We also ordered Won Ton soup which was the best I have had from a local  Chinese restaurant. Seriously the soup is great here!!When our order arrived everything  was piping hot and in a box so nothing spilled. The food is OK. Alright maybe slightly better than ok. So far the most decent Chinese food I've had around here.FOOD: The menu is standard Chinese take out. SERVICE: Could hardly understand the person who answered the phone. Food was delivered hot and quickly. CONCLUSION:  The food was decent and the price was right. RETURN  FACTOR: 100%************************ What does my overall ratings mean *****************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
5	Great take out Chinese Food. I'm a big fan of their general Tso's, which is actually made by them. A lot of other Chinese places merely unfreeze premade stuff, deep fryit and cover it with the sauce. This place uses fresher chicken.
2	Not a fan, food was below average to us. Why do they have tables inside? They are clearly not set up for dine in. We ate inside and had an experience we do not wish to repeat.
5	Dear Yelp,There has to be a better way to write a review of a closed business so others know that it's closed without having to continuously get messages that j can't post that because my review is short. Maybe a business j's. Loses button or something????  Pink Lotus is closed for business. The owner retired. That's all folksssssssss.
