4	I've lived here for several years and been pretty happy. I first moved here because I had a large dog and my work was only 2 miles away. Now I'm working downtown so I have to travel quite far to go to work, and I've been looking at other apartments. After looking at many other apartments and condos, and thinking about my experience here, I decided to do a review because overall my experience here has been pretty great.Pros: Large one bedroom floorplan, big windows so I get lots of sunlight, I rarely have a problem with hearing my neighbors TVs or music- It seems these buildings were built pretty solid and noise doesn't travel like it does in the older apartments. They take 2 large dogs, I have an open patio for me and my dogs to enjoy, lots of grass areas to walk my dogs. Apartment maintenance is really good - every time I have a problem it's been fixed immediately and the maintenance guys are super nice. Grounds maintenance is really good - but not everyone cleans up after their pet, so you definitely have to watch for landmines and you can't leave your patio door open because of flies - but that's not the apartment management's fault. They are on their fourth or fifth manager since I've been here, but the assistant manager Daniel has been here the whole time and is super nice and friendly and will always help me out if I need something. They will accept packages, some complexes won't. Also, a big plus for me is that this apartment does not have three bedroom units. This means less kids, which is good for me because my daughter is grown and I don't need to have a lot of kids around for her to play with. This complex is very close to lots of shopping - JCPenney's, Sears, Kohl's, and Target are right across the street, and lots of restaurants and LVAC  are less than half a mile away. Also there is a Walmart shopping center about half a mile in the other direction. The Flamingo bus actually stops right in front of the complex so if you don't drive it's super convenient, as the Flamingo bus line runs every 20 minutes during the day and every half hour at night. I'd say in the 4 years I've been here I've encountered only 2 or 3 neighbors that weren't nice - and I've seen a lot of people come and go!Cons: The apartment doesn't have any storage unit! This is my biggest problem! There is a small coat closet by the front door, a medium-size walk-in closet in the bedroom, and a small laundry room which is filled of course with a washer, dryer and water heater. Other apartments that I've lived in usually have a storage unit off the balcony, but these do not. So I have certain things that are too large to put in my clothes closet piled in a corner of the bedroom - kind of a bummer but there's no way around it except to rent a garage for an extra hundred dollars a month. I could get a two bedroom apartment or a one bedroom with a den but then my living space would be smaller, and I really like the large living room. Also re storage - there are only three drawers in the kitchen! Another detraction is that the fixtures in these apartments are really cheap. The faucets are cheap and they look crappy, the appliances are the cheapest money can buy, and the light fixtures are the ugliest utilitarian things I've ever seen in an apartment! I have white laminate countertops - which is kind of okay with me as I would rather not be responsible for granite, but tile would have been nicer and easier to keep clean. The flipside of having all those windows and sunlight is that my utility bill can be quite high In the summertime. And if you decide to live here and you don't have a dog, you had better really like dogs - because there are lots of dogs here and hearing a barking dog is pretty normal. It's kind of expensive here, but that is due to the other apartment complexes around here charging so much - the ones with storage and granite countertops Rent for a 1 bedroom as I've described varies from $745 to $775 per month right now, depending on how many vacancies they have. Plus $25 per month for each dog, plus $35 to $40 permonth for the water/sewer/garbage fees, plus $12 per month for the mandatory renters insurance that only covers their building and none of my stuff. So the rent is not $745 right now, it's $835 if you have 2 dogs. The monthly pet rent is in addition to the non refundable pet deposit I paid when I moved in. So far I have paid an extra $1800 for my dogs - I think it's kind of steep but I'm not willing to give up my dogs. And they raise my rent every year, it irritates me that I'm paying more than some one who just moved in (because they offer a free months rent if you sign a year lease) when I've paid my rent on time for 52 months in a row. All summed up, I give it 4 stars. Nothing is perfect and I've been pretty happy here. If you like dogs this is definitely the place for you. If you are ok living in the extreme southwest area then this is a good choice.
1	If I could give this horrible community NO STARS I would but for whoever is reading this, I WOULD NOT even waste your time or MONEY getting into this community. Management is a JOKE and the maintenance, well your better off hiring someone on your own because they are either LATE going to your house or never show up. BOTH our toilets haven't flushed for 3 months and it will be the THIRD time that they come to "fix it". Long story just don't even waste your time. No im not writing this review because im having a bad day, im writing it because this is what ive been living with for the past year and im sick of it.
2	The apartments themselves, as far as the one i am in is ok. When i moved in there were problems with 3 faucets malfunctioning. That was three months ago. I am now getting them fixed. Shortly after moving in i had a leak under kitchen sinked that water logged everythng i had stored including an electric appliance. The communication between management and maintenance is horrible. Setting up an appointment to get a repair is a bit of a fiasco. No one wants to take blame for miscommunication. I was just told on the phone that maintenance is on there way, 25 minutes later, i walk to the office and no one knows what i am talking about. Other poor communication such as me stating to management, "tell maintenance to go in i am leaving so they can get the job done without my dog barking during the whole repair". I come back two hours later figuring they would be finished. No one came in because i normally do not let them in. But specific instructions were given to tell them to go in. I watched the maintenance crew walk out the front door as i was pulling in to complex. So i knew they were right there with management. I really cannot belive that i can speak with someone and give specific instructions, walk away and it is as if the conversation never happened.  To be fair to maintenance i do not believe it is there fault. It is there office staff and there are only two that i know of. I get upset after waiting to get a repair and due to miscommunication, i am asked when a good time to fix the repair is? The only real answer without wasting more time is "right now".  I moved here because they allow large breed dogs. I can honestly say i am sorry i moved here, but hoping it will get better. The grounds are well kept and clean for having dogs everywhere. I probably would not have written this review but this last incident took me over the top and felt like these people do not take customer concerns seriously enough. Overall if you are desperate for a place that allows large breed dogs, you could try, but i would not pick this place if i had it to do over. It is just difficult finding places on the westside that allow large breeds.
