5	I love this event, the four day passes are the best way to go.  You have access to all the events,Car Show, Pool Party and so on. The music is wonderful, the band are international, the prices are fair by today standards.  Were can you find a A $3.00 beer at any concert hall in these United States of America.  The wrist band policy lets you go in and out every day giving you the freedom to do so much while in Vegas.  If you love music, good food, fun, people and tattoos this is the best place on the planet to to have a great time.  A great way to spend your Easter weekend!!!
4	had a nice time lots of people were there the east side cannery had a car show at the same time
5	I LOVE a Good Viva Las Vegas Weekend!SITREPFor the last nine (9) years, I've enjoyed catching most of the "VIVA LAS VEGAS (VLV)" Rockabilly Band and Swing-Dance conventions here in Las Vegas (often concurrent with Easter Weekend, sometimes not).  Often hosted by both Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, and it's sister-complex the New Orleans, VLV is the place to be for a Rockabilly Weekend..VLV's ROCKIN EVENTS!Viva Las Vegas hosts a lot of different functions that keep everyone interested the whole weekend.  These include:  * Of course the Swing-Dance & Rockbilly Band Nights! - Every night beginning at 9pm the Bands play and the all-dance begins and continues until 4am!  [No rest for the weary!]* Swing-Dance lessons - in the evening at 7pm-9pm in the Gold Coast Main Ballroom!* The VLV Burlesque competition - all eyes are on the delicious ladies sauntering around sensually in nothing but sequins & feathers, a total delight to the eyes.  I was so excited when my friend and fellow Seattle-mate VIENNA won the competition!  She is an absolute beauty.* Classic Car Show - the outdoor garage complexes are completely taken over by souped up cars from the 50s, 60s and before.  Awesome, customized old school cars were revvin their engines to high decibals level.* Rockabilly Clothing, Accessories, CDs, etc. etc. VENDING! - I got myself some great Rockabilly shirts, Dickies shirts & Pants for myself and friends.  GREAT STUFF to buy here (or to set up your own vending!)THE LOWDOWNViva Las Vegas brings you your  Rockabilly Fun every Spring!
5	Came here with my girlfriend. She'd been here a few times in the past. This was my first year. Thank God for this weekender. This reminded me how much I loved going to shows every week, why I used to put up with being called "Elvis" on a daily basis, and how much my job had stolen my soul. Being around so many people who have appreciation for rockabilly fashion, lifestyle, and music is a breath of fresh air. The people ranged from people you could tell dressed and lived rockabilly 24, 7 to people who just liked old cars and the music, to people, like me, who have a casual appreciation. (well at least now anyway) They ranged from traditional all the way to psychobilly. Best part was while it was fun we were very tired and glad to get home..... then kept thinking how much fun it was that we booked a room for next year about a week after we got back.
5	Yes, Yes and Yes! I love this event so much, but how could i not? Amazing bands all weekend, incredible vintage shopping, the classic car show, the Tiki Pool Party, gorgeous people, and to top it off it's in Vegas! It doesn't get better than this.
5	Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekender 16th. I go every year and Tom Ingram did it again for the 16th time with a Great line up.  Loved Reverend Martini's All Night Jumpin Showcase in Brendan's Pub where you can go midnight to 4am was off the Hook with everyone you love on one stage. The Rev even  had including Marky Ramone! Unbelievable! Loved the German Band Ray Collins Hot Club  and Deke's Guitar Festival In fact, the Orleans Hotel where the event is held was sold out for next year before everyone could check out on Monday. Each attendee made their reservation for next year upon check out even though tickets for #17aren't on sale  yet...but they will be! The car show and outside vendors were moved to the front side of th4 hotel a great move. Dick Dale was fantastic! Little Richard was great to have there and see except I wish he would have done more of his vintage 50s "Rock n Roll" instead of his Blues since VLV is a Rockabilly Show..and we Rockabilly's love the old Skool Rock n Roll, but still where else do you get to see Little Richard amongst hundreds of Classics and Custom cars and gobs of bands playing for four days and two GIANT rooms full of scrumptious vintage and genre pacific vendors. It was fun to have my room over the pool so each day I could look down on the cool Pool Party! I adore walking through a Vegas Casino and hearing English Top DJ Tom Ingrams cool tunes piped though instead of the icky stuff casinos usually have. Toms music is the BEST! And Speaking of the BEST..Brendans Pub The Reverend Martini's ALL NIGHT JUMPIN SHOWCASE was OFF THE HOOK! How does she get all our favorites to come play on one stage for her each year???!!  She had the infamous living legend drummer of the Ramones, Rock n Roll Hall of Famer, Grammy recipient Mr. MARKY RAMONE on her stage and paired him with the notorious DEKE DICKERSON doing a Ramones set! What a Thrill! Also, both nights she had DALE WATSON, BIG SANDY, PETER OF THE GO GETTERS, ROSIE FLORES, MARTY BROM, BUZZ CAMPBELL, JITTERY JACK, BLOODSHOT BILL, LIL MO & THE DYNAFLOS, PACHUCO JOSE, CHRISTINE NELSON AND MEMBERS OF ROYAL CROWN REVUE,,"SMITTY", CHRIS SPRAGUE,, NIKKI HILL AND MATT HILL, THE MEMPHIS KINGS , MOONlight trio all on one stage from midnight to four am. All of the Reverend Martini's Viva Cantina fans and friends came to the show. I was told many new recruits since the Reverend Martini's show in Burbank every Saturday night is a small example of what you can hear at VLV and is represented there all year long . She even teaches the girls the Stroll at her Wednesday and Thursday record Hops so the kids will all be prepared for VLV next year! So many events at VLV you have to go on line to the websitevivalasvegs.net and check it out not to miss it next year!
5	This is THE highpoint of my YEAR!! It isn't just a car show, it is a Rockabilly Weekend, so don't get offended by the "dress up" people, just have fun! Outstanding cars in the car show area, with strict guidelines on the cars to keep the severe r@trods at bay, lots of fun activities, great vendors, lots of great people from all over, and great car clubs (mine, the Taildraggers, included). This is a must go if you're in the traditional car scene, or into Rockabilly music.
1	This used to be a great event full of rockabilly bands & fun, but not anymore.  The ticket prices are ludicrous for what you get (nothing but a wristband) , and the so-called burlesque competitors lack so badly compared to the great days of Victoria Vengeance and Bunny Bravo.  The bands you can see for free or small admissions at local bars in and around the Orleans.  The vendors... Fuhgetaboutit.  Nothing to see there.  Car show?  Not much of one really.  So save your dough & skip this one.
1	:( Viva las vegas rockabilly 2014 .was a complete DISASTER ! Im a local I wait for rockabilly every yr.this yr was nothing but lack of communication between casino and who ever IS in charge of event! So I thought I paided for waist band for 4 weekend.I was told was good for whole event.I came to find out u have to buy waist band for car show $50, to visit vendor u have to pay for a different waist band and to get in bars etc,another separate wrist band...Rockabilly use to be fun, enjoyed watching and seeing everything and everyone ..so disappointed and not worth money! Security and employees working event were very rude and useless as well! SAVE ur $ !
3	Alright, here's the low-down on VLV '14...The GOOD:- Hot rods, hot guys and hot dolls everywhere.- A crap ton of vendors to choose from.- Rockabilly music of course, with some Psychobilly thrown in every now and then.- Nekromantix!! (although they were playing at the House of Blues around the same time that VLV happened).- Interesting panels to go see inside the ballrooms and whatnot. Ladies get to learn how to do victory rolls, you can go see a burlesque contest, dance to the jive on the dancefloor, party in the pool parties, etc.The BAD:- You now have to pay extra to see everything side, and you only get your money's worth if you go all 4 days. This sucked for me and my husband as we find $120 to be pricey for each of us. Since my husband and I were only going to be there for one day, we opted for the cheapest ticket price ($30), and that only allowed us to see the car show and vendors.- Car show is small compared to other car conventions out thereThe UGLY:- Security seems to be a hit and miss, and some of them are rude to those who sport this lifestyleThis was my first time ever going to Viva, and I was expecting for things to be better. If Viva could just clean up their act a little more and change the ticket prices (there should be another option in case someone only has the time to go for one day yet experience everything. Charge $35-$40 for this), then I'd come back every year. Sadly, this will be my first and last time ever going.
