5	Best chimichanga in Arizona! Chicken is so moist and delicious!!!!
4	The best Beef Tostada ever! I ordered a beef tostada, and a side of rice. The tostada was big enough on it's own, so I was stuffed! The young gal there was very polite, and talking to all the customers. This is what customer service should be like at every restaurant. I will definitely be going back.
5	Heard about this place from my neighbor. I never would have stopped, but I am so glad I did. It's inside the Shell station on the SE corner of 7th Street and Union Hills. They have some tables for dining but also offer delivery service. I had the breakfast burrito and it was delicious! The gal at the register was very sweet and nice as well as the cook came out to make sure we were happy. I'm giving 5 stars for price, quality of food, and superb customer service. This is a great place to grab a weekend breakfast, work day lunch, or some take home dinner if you're not in the mood to cook. They are closed on Sundays.They will see me frequently! :)
4	12/20/14 Update UH OH - Went by the other day for some food, and the sign is down and there was a ladder in front of the grill. Closed? Remodeling? Dammit!End Update________________This is the former Roberto's (As featured on DDD), inside the gas station. I'm glad to report that the place is back to having awesome food.If you're tired of watery re-fried beans and flavorless rice - those days are over. These sides rock here! Taste-E. The chimis are huge, and of course you can get them enchilada style, with guac on top if u so desire. The Al Pastor (El Pastor here) is packed with flavor.There's a chunky pico de gallo with avocado on the chip/salsa bar - you won't want to miss that if you like your pico packed with a decent amount of heat and a crisp citrus bite. The red sauce in the squirty bottle isn't nearly as hot nor as flavorful.Yes, they have Mexican Cokes - in 2 sizes!There's plenty of 'Bertos joints in the area - skip those and head to Los Kiko's.  Solid 4.5 stars.
5	Great local biz....Def stop in. It is inside gas station, but they have a dining area. The green salsa at salsa bar is amazing.
