4	Use to go here many moons ago as my nearest bar but with better music and boobs =-o  The girl's here are sometimes' below avg I have not boon in atleast a year thing's could change but I doubt it. The DJ was awesome he may be a manager there now tho. The girl's had to use the same restroom as the lady customers so that was always a + for me ;) seeing who washes their hands or not lol. Only one sink worked if you were lucky and possibly 1 working toilet. The girl's would smoke in there well when you could anyway dunno about now. Heard the mens room was much nicer with an attendant and ice in the urinals. If you reserve w bottle service you will be well taken care of. It's a conveniant place for some fun and would always go again if the boys are buyin =) I'd get valet so they watch your car its in a shadey area but they have done alot of remodeling inside as well as out! 4 stars cuz of ladies room
4	Stopped by Bliss a few times when I was with a few friends who were in town for business. Each time we went there were different girls there so its hard to say the best time to go. They get crowded friday and saturday the bartenders said but we would mainly go after work on a friday. They actually had a very good Flank steak dinner for $5! I was very impressed and so were my friends. It was good enough to make me go back! I would have to say if I was there 4 times I might have seen one girl each time that was hot enough to get a lap-dance from. Most of them were average and some were just not attractive or their bodies were not in shape. Overall this place is good for a quick trip to down a few beers and enjoy a dance or two but the "talent" is hit or miss.
2	Wow; we were pumped to visit after the good reviews but what a downer.  The parking lot was dead at 10p on a Saturday (first hint!) and the inside even worse. Our first impression was that there was NO energy in the place.  The dancers had OK looks if you could get past the bored expressions on their faces and lackluster dancing.  The wait staff were cute and we got quick service, but that was about the only positive for us.  We stayed for about 20-30 minutes then took off.  Maybe it was an off night but there are too many fish in the sea so we'll cross this one off our list for the future.
2	Bliss has definitely gone downhill.  Save your money and drive a couple blocks down the street and go to The Candy Store.  It has the same lower class strippers with stretch marks and jailhouse tattoos --- except they have boob jobs there.  Bliss is attracting the wrong people with their talent there and hopefully management does something about it soon.*** UPDATE 09/2014 ***This review is from 4 years ago when I went to Bliss multiple times over a 12-month period and watched the place fall apart regarding service, talent, and overall enjoyability.  Yet I have current dancers there sending me messages about how I am being rude to the dancers because of my comments.  If you were there 4 years ago then you were probably part of the problem.  If you are new then you are either part of a good transition or the same crappy talent from before... So stop messaging me.It's a strip club people... Nobody (male or female) walks in hoping to find overweight, ugly, toothless women to "entertain" them.  We can get that walking through the residential Wal-Mart.  Instead crowds come here to enjoy drinks, friends, and in all honestly... the scenery.  So if you're mad about my review of the talent four years ago, then oh well.  I haven't been back since and I hope the business is doing better than before. Enjoy Yelpers!!!
4	Not a bad place to have a $5.00 lunch and the dancers I think are sum of the best in town a great verity.I have only been coming to Bliss for 3 weeks or so but I like it.
4	Great club. Cheap cover and 5 dollar drinks. Didnt get a dance so idk the pricing on those but a perfect place to grab a drink and see some tatties. I am not familiar with the other clubs in the area, but as someone who visits gentleman establishments across the country, I can say the girls were above average looking and friendly. What more could you want?
1	This club is a rip of. First, they swindle you in for drinks, A young vamp comes up and appeases you to pay $ 20.00 to go into a private room then she dry humps you and leaves you. Thugs come in and tell you owe them a few hundred dollars and refuse to relinquish your credit card unless you pay them. The vamp never discusses what the amounts your being charged for beforehand. It's switch and bait in the body rub business. The girls are usually moms of whom are night working girls (with bodyguard boyfriends) some really not that appealing either. My advice: for a lil body pleasure get it in writing beforehand.-It's cheaper to get a regular dance in a stand up nightclub dance floor!
5	I come to PHX alot for business and out of all the options to choose from, Bliss consistently is above the rest of the competition and my club of choice. Great girls, great food/drink specials and friendly staff. Bliss has never been a let down and the same can not be said for many of the similar clubs in PHX/PHX area.
5	UPDATE: Last Saturday I brought a group of colleagues to Bliss for a going away party, and just like my previous times, Bliss again still sets the industry standard. Unlike many clubs here in the area, Bliss somehow finds a way to stay ahead of the competition with the quality of dancers and top notch staff.  Everyone from the dancers, management, bartenders and bouncers are really professional and treated my party incredibly well.  The drinks are made/poured well and their food specials are great.Thank you Bliss for always finding a way to get better.  I will definitely be back soon!
5	This and  Candy Store are the only clubs in the north valley, and as a Glendale Girl I am glad that both clubs rock! The music is excellent. There's some hip hop, some rock--one of the girls even wears a cowboy hat and dances to country. There's skinny girls, thick girls (no super fat girls, though) fake girls, ripped girls. A lot of them can work a pole, which is my favorite part. No, wait, I lied. My favorite part is that the girls here will be HONEST with you and tell you if they're into women. If a dancer isn't into a girl, she has to be damn good at hiding it. Dancing for women is a lot different than dancing for men. I was "molested" (that was the term she used) by a red headed dancer. I think her name was Capricorn? DEFINITELY recommend to any of the lady yelpers. She touched me in all the right places and shuffled very gracefully along the "comfort" line in the sand. She didn't do anything that grossed me out or made me think "does she let EVERY customer do that?" Or anything unsanitary. I also got a dance from a girl named Violet (also a red head...seeing a trend?) and she was also amazing. My husband got a dance from a blond who did some cute things on stage. She tried to hussle me into it by saying she didn't like girls but gave great lap dances to women...my husband gave me the "cut throat, knock it off and stop talking to her" action and she left. Apparently she stayed like, 8 inches away from him for the entire dance. I get that the $10 dance is different than the $20 dance, but you can rub up on my hubby a little bit more than that. The drinks are typical strip club pricing. There's a cover that's average (some clubs it's $5 and some clubs it's $10, so $7 is right in the middle.) I had the steak and it was alright. It was definitely worth $5, but not the best I've ever had. Drinks were appropriately poured, not too weak, not too strong, not too expensive. My husband and I go here when there's nothing happening at Candy Store, and if it wasn't for having so many friends at Candy Store I would definitely go here more. It's a great place, and it's a lot bigger than Candy.
4	This is a great cabaret/restaurant.  Visited Friday afternoon and, for the first time, tried their famous steak & lobster dinner.  I was absolutely blown away by how good it tasted.  I keep thinking about it and am looking forward trying it again next Friday.The steak is $5 and lobster is $8.  Service is good with great talent to look at while eating.A really fun, well run, club.
1	Total dive... not a single pretty dancer in the joint!   Don't waste $$$ on overpriced admission.
