4	I love Sprouts! I try to do majority of my grocery shopping there and I welcome any "new" Sprouts."New" because honestly I didn't notice much change between Sunflower and Sprouts. Layout is the same, items and product similar, and for me that is a good thing. What I hate the most is when I learn order and where is what, and than everything in the store changes. First time I shopped there (since it became Sprouts) it seemed to me that the prices are spiked up a bit, comparing to other locations. Now I think that Sprouts in general is getting more expensive than it was 6 months ago, but it is still worth it.Organic section is nice and there is always something on sale (like 3lbs bags of apples for $1.99 - yes please!). They have nice variety of greens and decent size gluten-free stand with all of g-f items in one spot. Talk about convenience! All in all, I think it is maybe a bit better equipped than other Sprouts locations and probably serves as a model where other stores are aiming to be. I am a fan and will continue to shop there.
4	I do miss Sunflower Market as there prices were a little bit cheaper than Sprouts. Nonetheless, it has not stopped me from shopping here as it is very convenient to where I live. The produce is always fresh and sometimes they have a sale that you just can't pass up. ( Case in point me buying 8lbs of strawberries for $7.97. Hey I freeze them and use them in my smoothies lol) All in all not bad but again I still miss Sunflower Market and there cheaper prices!
4	This particular sprouts market used to be the local sunflower market. I'm very happy it was converted into a sprouts, since now I don't have to drive down to the paradise valley location!I also enjoy this location because its never overly busy. I don't have to wait forever in line. The store is very clean and easily layed out. The prices are good and shopping here helps support local farmers
4	We love shopping here. Very organized, clean, beautiful fruits and vegetables. We always end up buying more because everything looks so invitingly good and very reasonable prices. The staff is always helpful. I like the fact we can buy meats with none of the antibiotics or extras.You can even order your special Thanksgiving turkey here. They give you a complete meal presented in a insulated bags with your mashed potatoes, dressing, pie, etc. It's like a Trader Joes but for fruits and vegetables.I also like the fact it's very accessible to park. We used to go to the Sprouts on Tatum and Cactus but the parking there is too tight. My car got hit in the parking lot there one time.
5	If you want the most delicious, perfectly put-together, edible piece of art that is a sandwich you've ever had, go to Sprouts. Ask for Austin. Because this dude can make a sandwich like you've never seen. The meat is folded perfectly, the cheese is not too heavy, but definitely tangible, and what's that you say? You want extra mayo and light on the mustard?  Well have no fear, because Austin is here. And he pays attention to the details. Seriously, props to this man. He can make your day.
4	Unlike everyone else, I'm not usually here for the deli or the produce, although both are good. I'm here for beer and wine.The beer selection is very good. They have sixers and twelvers of good craft beers at reasonable prices and they have a nice large selection of bombers if you are looking for something unique (read - usually pricey but delicious). They have locals and imports. I think they may even have Coors light (and similar) if that's your thing.Wine section should cover whatever you need. There's plenty from Cali and France. Italy and Germany are represented, and of course Australia and Chile are present. great selection of organic wines (Usually) and you can even find some that are sulfite-free if you look. They don't carry $3Chuck here (that's a different place) - but they usually have something that is that price that is quite drinkable, excellent for cooking with, and is  great to use to feed your homemade wine vinegars!Bonus: if you are into using your own canvas/hemp/whatever reusable tote bags, the checkers actually know how to use them and pack them well, unlike most supermarkets which just cant grasp that they don't need to put every bag on their little hookie-stand-thingy. before filling it.
2	This is my first time at this location and I wish it wasn't the closest one to my new house. The service was HORRIBLE. I came in to get a sandwich from the deli, I filled out the form and waited and waited and waited for someone to acknowledge me. Finally some girl shouted to just leave the form sitting there, well if you can't bother to notice me how can I be sure you're going to notice a little piece of paper? I walked around the store seeing what else I needed only to get back to the deli and see my order slip still sitting on the counter!! So I stood there, the same girl asked if I needed something, "yes, my sandwich 15 min ago". One of the ladies grabbed it. Now the point of filling out the form is to only get the items listed, no more/no less. I wish that were the case, My sandwich was close but not how I asked for it. I didn't ask for peppers and I did ask for avocado. At the other two locations I frequent often they have yellow mustard packets, I was told this one didn't. I prefer good old fashioned yellow mustard on my sandwiches! Needless to say I'm not in a big hurry to get a sandwich from here again! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is my cashier was very friendly.
5	I go to this location frequently, and everybody is so nice here.  My husband and I get sandwiches here a lot, and they're always so fresh, tasty and HUGE!  Amazing deal!  The produce is high quality and always reasonably priced.  Great bulk food selection as well.
4	I am such a huge fan of Sprouts' deli and produce. I always look forward to getting it ad in the mail to find out what I am going to buy there for lunches and dinners the next week. I buy the produce that's on sale and it is usually good. Sometimes the apples are hit or miss, but it depends on the time of year. Their non-perishables are a bit more expensive than the regular grocery store, but if you look in the ad sometimes they will have great deals. I especially love the buy one, get one free deals!
5	I love the new gluten free and vegan bread section! While I still enjoy Whole Foods, I think there's less incentive to shop there now that there's so many gluten free options at this location. There's always a great selection of fresh produce, beer, and Lakewood Juice. Customer service is always great and everyone always seems happy. When a worker is stocking the shelves, they great everyone and ask if they need assistance. Some may argue that this type of customer service should always happen, but I find it to be rare.
5	Extremely good people working here! One of the workers that was buying stuff to go home stepped out of lone to open her register to check me out. Had a bit of a mishap on the way out an the Manager was very kind to replace what I dropped. Thank you guys. It's hard to find good business these days. Glad to see it still exists!
4	I like this store but getting to it is kind of difficult.  Use the stop light or come from Greenway for easier access. The store is very clean, organized,  and well stocked; especially on the weekends for busy shoppers.  Lots of great produce to choose from but I was mostly just disappointed in the fact that their produce was mainly from Mexico. For a health store I would hope to find more US product and GMO-free foods. Otherwise the breads are delicious and enjoyed my shopping trip.
3	This is my usual grocery store- especially for produce.Pros:ProduceBulk dry goodsOrganic stuffCons:Restocked during the daySometimes I see moldy produce hereI hate it when I forget my reusable bags since you get 5 cents off for each one you use.
3	I typically enjoy shopping here, the produce and deli selections are great. Although my most recent visit was very disappointing. They may as well have self-service check out lines. Cashier # "209" and her assistant bagger completely ignored me during check out, no greeting, no "did i find everything?", no thank you, no nothing. Meanwhile the duo cashier and bagger continued to carry on their own personal conversation, just handed over my receipt. Now they fall into the same category of any big chain super market not concerned about good customer service. So why not get the self-service check out lines because I'd get the same service.
4	Is it just me, or is this place always spotless? I've been to many different Sprout stores and this one takes the cake. Now, I love sprouts, but I'll only go here for the produce and their pre-made meals. My favorite thing there to pick up? The pork carnitas ... its under 3 dollars and you just pop them in the oven for 30 seconds.... best tasting carnitas ever. The TAMALES ARE GREAT TOOOO! So addicting. Anyways, the produce is always reasonably priced and sometimes they have amazing sales that shock you. If you're into making smoothies... their frozen fruit is also reasonably priced...ON THE OTHER HAND... I refuse to buy anything pre-packaged here. Or any type of dairy product. I feel like its 2x more expensive here then it is at Fry's or even Safeway. The only thing I would suggest you buy here thats pre-packaged is the AAAAAMAZING chocolate chip cookies that have a full serving of fruit and  full serving of vegetables per 3 cookies. They taste better than chips ahoy and I how do you go wrong with something that has minimal preservatives and some type of health benefit? I feel 10000 times less guilty about binge eating cookies now. Thanks Sprouts!In regards to the service, the cashiers are great! I've gone here multiple times and I'm constantly getting tips on what to add to my smoothie creations. They know just what to suggest to suggest nutrients without sacrificing flavor. BTW HAVE YOU HAD KALE CHIPS?!!?! You will thank me.
4	I like this particular Sprouts and recently stopped by on my lunch hour to pick up a few things for dinner that evening. Found out recently that you can order sandwiches from the deli and they make them anyway you want, they can even accommodate a gluten free request if you like, which impressed me. The sandwich was filled with everything I requested and did not skimp on a thing! The price was a mere $3.49, try getting that at a chain! Customer service is really good at this location.
5	You know how people tell you that to eat healthy you need to shop only from the perimeter of the grocery store (as the processed, unhealthy foods are clustered in the middle)?  Sprouts is a lot safer to explore towards the center!  Don't get me wrong, you can still get your junk food fix on, but even the snacks and treats hear skew to the healthier side with fewer ingredients, way less chemicals and more whole food options.  The atmosphere in all of the Sprouts stores I've been in has been bright and fairly unpretentious.  I love Whole Foods, too, but the pricing can be daunting.  I feel Sprouts strikes a good balance between the exclusivity and quality of Whole Foods and the low prices of the general, less health oriented grocery chains.
5	Just real quick, they make the best sandwiches for cheap. Only 3.99 for a huge hearty sandwich custom made to your liking. Several different types of meat and cheeses and several different types of bread and mustards. Oh and its all high quality. Of course if you want, you can pay a dollar more to select only Boar's Head brand, which does make a much tastier meat. Oh and if you are into organic foods, tea, fresh fruit, and high quality customer service, this place is for you. I recommend this place to everybody.
3	I love the organic meats and vegetables here and they have a great sale on the organic meats also.   This staff is always friendly here I like it all around
5	What can I say? I have spent a lot of time in this sprouts over the last year and a few months. This is the only sprouts I have ever been to and the best discovery I have made during my time in Phoenix. I have not one complaint...the bulk of my groceries come from this sprouts now and I simply love it!
4	Really enjoyed the sales & reasonably priced organic goods.Our home cooking is nearly all produce so sprouts is ideal due to variety, price & freshness.  Heirloom tomatoes $1.98 a lb, hatch green chilies $.79, organic carrots $2.99 a 5 pound bag... the delicious steals keep going on.Saw a nice manager checking in with his associates & customers which is rare these days!  Cashiers courteous & accurate.Thank you sprouts!!
