5	The look of the new lounge is much better! The service is excellent, many flavors and tobacco brands to choose from. No liquor yet but soon. Overall great atmosphere not to mention the owners are great people.
5	This place is the best in town. Great hookah, great food, and great music! $13AYCS most days of the week. To reply to the negative comment for this lounge, the security HAS to check everyone's ID regardless if it's listed horizontal or vertical. I wouldn't want to risk anything with people under the age of 18 trying to get in if it was my business especially with how easy it is to get a fake ID in Las Vegas. So props to the security for doing their job correctly and not half ass. You can totally tell that EVERYONE always has a good time. It's the talk of the town for a reason! The comeback is definitely strong. Anyone who lives in Las Vegas or are visiting should definitely hit this place up!
5	Hookah lounges are all over Las Vegas but this one is the best in my opinion. To the point:1. The service is fantastic.2. There is plenty of parking.3. It is super easy to find.4. The quality of tobacco/hookah products is excellent. 5. Knowledgeable staff.I noticed the flavors and aromas were more robust than I have experienced in the past at the other places. I commented on this and found out that my observation was not insignificant.  This place  owned by a local smoke shop owner who obviously has access to many flavors and the highest quality product.  They always have fresh product. This is an excellent hookah lounge that is a must try if you are in Silverado Ranch.
5	Sitara is STILL the place to be! $13 AYCS most nights. The DJ's are fantastic, the food is incredible and most importantly, customer service is great! The employees let you enjoy your time without being too much of a bother but still manage to take care of you.Alcohol is not currently being served but have high hopes that it will be soon. To clarify a couple of things, no outdoor seating. Everything is indoors. Security will continue to check your ID which means they are doing their job, lots of dancing and the vibe is fantastic! I never have a bad time when I go to Sitara!
5	I come about once a week. Its a nice place, good vibes, great service (never had a problem) hookahs are always clean and hit nice. Servers and all employees are awesome and friendly.Sun-tues by bowl but its more laid back and you can watch football games which is awesome and music isnt too loud.Thursday - Saturday are pretty poppin musics loud usually tons of people good if your tryin to dance and turn up.Food is A+ their zookies are delicious,  loved the buffalo sliders. And even the fried gouda mac n cheese bites are bomb. Only problem is food takes alittle while to come out depending in what you get but its totally worth it!Id give it 4.75 stars due to me thinking there is always room for improvement.
5	Never have experienced a negative time. Always on point. Bowls are consistent and food tastes like childhood joy.
5	Awesome hookah with 10-13 dollars for all you can smoke on some nights! Food is super underratedIf your into the more relaxing environment I'd suggest going Sunday- Tuesday , most other days it can get pretty loud and packed
