3	On Saturday morning, I made the trek to Book Trader and was greeted by a cranky old lady who immediately asked if the books I walked into the store with were 'trades'.  Following a reply, she spun on her heel and briskly walked to the back of the store without another word.  Book Trader boasts over 50,000 almost new/used paperbacks and audio books to choose from.   Books are half of the listed price and if you bring in paperbacks to 'trade' you'll receive store credit good toward future purchases.  Literature was grouped into the following sections (probably based on the popularity of their Sun City clientele)--huge section on Westerns, romance, classics, mystery/suspense, true crime, biographies, fantasy and LARGE print books which were a mix of everything.  Despite the extensive inventory, you won't find many books regarding sports, self-help, cooking, humor, magazines, or anything intended for people under the age of sixteen.  After selecting several books, another more friendly customer service person processed my purchases and even offered me some hard candy from a small dish.  I politely declined the peppermint/butterscotch/fruity candies and left to complete the rest of my weekend errands.
5	What a great website!  And it doesn't lie!  I was so happy to receive credit for most of the books I brought in and was extremely grateful that you took the rest of them off my hands anyway.  It's wonderful that you donate those unwanted books to non-profit organizations!  Your selection of "gently used" books is by far the best I've seen in any 2nd-hand store, and the way you've organized your shelves made locating my favorite authors very easy.  As a final note, I'd like to thank the pleasant staff for taking the time to help me find everything I was looking for.  You will be seeing me again, and I will be recommending your store to all my friends!Kacy Reid, M.D., Orthopedic Specialist
4	i just love this little store. it ranks high among places i like to go and spend hours lost in my own head, dreamily paging through countless old books. the selection is marvelous, and the prices are fantastic. i'm sort of a sucker for used bookstores anyway. i mean, how could there be a BAD one? i never bring anything to trade because i keep every book that i buy and have a pretty impressive little collection, but they seem to give pretty good deals when you do bring trades in. you can also just donate, which i suspect happens a lot given the location of the store.
5	We drove a ways to find this bookstore and was not disappointed. Found many books in the series I was reading! When I had looked for an author and had given up I finally asked the nice lady who worked there and she took me right to them!! I loved the organization of their books, my husband who reads a lot and can not always find ones to read that he has not already read walked out with quite a few! I know we will be returning!
