3	OPEN ON CHRISTMAS!Yeah, gotta have that foil for the turkey. We checked web sites for several other stores in the area, and this was the chain that is open on Christmas Day. We've shopped here before, but not often. My daughter does shop here often, since she has a love of latino foods, and this chain caters to the local latino population.They have one of the largest selections of fruits and vegetables in Charlotte, and if you want fresh AND exotic, I'd try this store first. Their produce prices often beat the heck out of HT and FL and WM.The meat counter is a bit smelly... I don't know that it would be my favorite place to buy meat. I'm picky about that, since I once worked in a meat department of a BiLo back in the early 1970's between high school and college... Meat departments should have NO discernable odors. The rest of the store has the usual staples of a major grocery store, but with heavy emphasis on latin tastes. If you need rare varieties of beans, exotic spices, and fresh produce, they have it.OH, I almost forgot... They have a bakery that specializes in latino pastries! I'm not much of a sweet eater, but if that's your thing, the aroma will draw you over to that side of the store first...All in all, if you need an alternative to the mainstream American supermarkets, or if you need to shop on Christmas Day, give them a chance.
4	Growing up in S.California, we had an abundance of Mexican candy everywhere.  Sunland Produce, Mexican stores, gas stations, etc.  But I was so sad to leave behind these spicy, salty treats.  I looked a couple places for a variety of candies here in Charlotte, but I was only able to find a particular kind at Compare Foods.  I've been here a couple times when they were selling 3 avocados for .99 cents!!  At other places you may be lucky to get 1 avocado for a buck.  Their produce dept is great, very affordable and many things you dont find anywhere else.  p.s:  They also have guava paste which goes so well with brie cheese.
4	Though this store shares a name with the location on Independence, it is almost like two entirely different stores.They both have good-sized produce sections, but the one on Independence is a bit better, and seems a bit fresher.  It might be because they often have people tending it, which just makes it seem that much nicer.Both locations have a stellar meat selection - it is not grass-fed or local or anything, but it is quite good at both locations.  You can even find all sorts of cooking utensils for cooking the meat if you need them.The one thing this location had on the day we visited was fresh tortillas, kept warm in a cooler (yes, kept warm in a cooler - a little personal cooler, not a chilled cooler for the dairy section or anything).  Now I do not know if it really matters, since a hundred or so tortillas will probably cool off by the time I get them home, much less by the time I get through the whole stack, but just the idea is pretty awesome.
3	Hello friends,This is the Old Winn-Dixie I think. I haven't been on that side of town for some time and was kinda surprise that it was more Compare. Very clean. Nothing different from any other Compare Foods. I will say this, that the parking lot seems small. I was much younger when I used to come here so maybe it's just the fact that I'm much bigger.. Who knows? LolGo enjoy,TTFN
5	I only get produce and that is all I am going to write about.The cheapest fresh produce in town. Any of their locations are awesome. The new one on Freedom Drive is so clean and inviting. I will update this review once I  go back a few more times. :D
