5	I like, I adore, I will come back. Maybe often. Because when the food is well made, the service is impeccable and the ambiance is top, there is no reason not to! Mange-moi is an elegant poutinerie and one of those "fancy-looking" burger places that have been popping up around town recently. The decor is rustic modern, perhaps a little bit too "right now" and might go out of style in the future, but in any case it works, it's comfortable and fits the neighbourhood like a glove. It's small, with only about 5 x 2-person tables inside plus 10-15 single bar chairs around - perfect if you feel like rocking in solo. The burger and poutine menus offer a nice, classic variety. My choice was their "Mont-Royal" burger which is a beef burger with smoked bacon, caramelized onions, barbecue sauce, Boston lettuce and tomato. It was pure goodness, which I think owed a lot to the sweet burger buns that held everything together. The fries and the caesar salad were excellent as well, and of generous proportions. My husband and I shared the fries and the salad that came with my burger (he ordered only the burger), and it was more than enough. The alcoholic drinks menu is interesting too, though the cocktails at $12 a pop were beyond my dinner budget, so I didn't order any. Having said all those good things, my biggest compliments actually go to either the service or the music. It's a very tight race. We were served by one of the nicest, most competent servers I have ever encountered in a burger place. Aside from being very friendly, he topped up our glasses of water as often as needed (the glass was tiny) without us having to ask.  As for the music, when I was there that evening, they were playing an international remix of 80's dance/pop; there was never a dull moment, at least for me! It was so good I asked the server if they were playing their homemade CD because if it was, I would love to buy it. Sadly no, he said that it was from a satellite radio. Hands-down, best burger place in the Plateau Mont-Royal. Next time I will try their poutine!
5	Really pleased. The poutine was super tasty (and huge), the hot dogs were amazing (and huge) and the Mason drinks were to die for (and huge). Everything is so inexpensive compared to some other places. Not to mention the staff ... They were just as wonderful and pleasant. You gotta try the place of you haven't already.
4	Pleased and surprised. It's a small place, the vibe is cool, the service is fairly attentive, and the food was awesome. I don't see any reason not to go. Prices are reasonable so stop in for lunch, dinner, or a mid day weekend break. You shouldn't be disappointed.
5	I had a great experience dining at Mange Moi one warm Friday lunch hour in August and will definitely be back.  It was one of those experiences that was just great, and we left knowing we'll be back sometime.The place is small. Think a slightly larger and more upscale/trendy Patati-Patata.  There's an L shaped bar, a few tables, and a few window counters.  There's a fully stocked bar (I'll have to return to sample a mason jar cocktail sometime), and a good selection of beers on tap (a combination of local and import).  The music was top 40, which normally I don't particularly care for, but somehow it worked.The service is friendly.  It took awhile for us to get our orders, but I chalk it up to the place being so busy at lunch time.  It didn't really matter, we were happy to just hang out and drink our beers.The food!  These were some awesome burgers.  We each had a burger, but no sides, and this was perfect for a nice lunch.  We left feeling satisfied, but not disgustingly full.  I had the lamb burger, and it was overly "lamb-y", and had a greek vibe going on.So overall, none of the individual components scream "AWESOME!", but it all just worked so well together, and was exactly what we felt like at that moment.This would make a great place to stop in for post work drinks and munchies.
4	We were looking for food and drinks in the Plateau Saturday night when it was freezing and it just wasn't working out. Either places weren't serving food any longer, or they were too restaurant-y or too clublike. We wanted something kind of in the middle that was also somewhere we hadn't been before.After trodding around for about 45min in the snow starving. We found this place at about midnight. It was warm, cozy, the server was very friendly. The menu had a lot of options. We got burgers and salads and ordered a bunch of drinks. We ended up staying for about 1.5hrs and had a really nice time. The owner and waiter were super nice too. My gf's salad had bacon in it, and she's a vegetarian and didn't notice that on the menu, the server said no problem, and the owner came out and made a whole new one with no bacon himself. No extra charge. Overall a really nice unexpected experience. I would definitely return. However it's not the kind of place I would actively cross town for though because it isn't the kind of place you would want to hang out all night. But for an hour or drinks and food, its great.
5	Jamaica Plain is in the house tonight. *dancing in place*No question, The Plateau boasts beautiful scenery, is the most trendy neighborhood of all Montreal and is my favorite part of the city to pound the pavement and explore. Also as a side note, If you're in to world class street graffiti, you've just found the mother load. Be sure to bring a camera as photo ops in this area are abundant.Mange-Moi opened its doors on Mont Royal in June 2013 and is conveniently located just a few minutes away from the Orange Line Metro. This cozy burger bar seats about 20 people and has a pretty good menu - consisting of among others, burgers, hot dogs and of course, poutine - and bar selection. the fruity looking drinks in the mason jar looks very refreshing, though I chose to go for a shirley temple instead. Don't ask.Fresh off burning a stick of some of that Montreal good, I decided to go for the CRAB CAKE BURGER, which was amazing! Very flavorful. The meat was super fresh, and was accompanied with a very well portioned caesar salad and crispy thick cut frites. The presentation was also pretty cool, as it was plated on a cutting board. Overall one of my favorite dishes of the past year for sure. It even prompted me to dap up the chef after my meal for well deserved props to my culinary ninja.If ever on Mont Royal and fixing for a hearty meal, be sure to stop by Mange-Moi. You are guaranteed to leave with a smile from ear to ear.Go Bruins!!!*Beantowns Finest*
1	Poutine Week started less than 2 hours ago and Mange-Moi is already out of their signature poutine. What the hell?!! How do you run out of your Poutine Week poutine this early in? Did someone just come up and buy all of your pulled pork or did you not have any to start with? Feels like a bait and switch and I'm freakin' hangry (hungry-angry). Fortunately, La Banquise is reliable and had a solid Poutine Week poutine, so if you're looking for a good place to eat, you should probably go there.
3	Okay, I finally got the poutine and it was pretty good. I was just hangry on the last review. Sorry Mange-Moi, I love you again.
3	The food was ok but the service was below average.  Our waitress prefered cleaning over serving us.They state that all the sauces are home made but even the cook was clueless on what was in the sauces because they're not 100% home made.
1	The food was ok, but the bartender is an asshole. we ordered take out and he made a big fuss about not getting a tip -- for what, walking over my food? Dude, a tip is for good service, he wasn't even that good at getting our food out, it was freshly cooked but cold when we opened it 5 minutes later.
2	Came here for burger week since i am such a huge foodie. Presentation was pretty, fries were awesome and my hubby liked the salad dressing. The burger unfortunately, pulled pork, beef, gravy & cheese curds, was very bland needed seasoning. Def not a great start to burger week.
4	Really friendly service and there are things on the menu for vegetarians, I had the portobello mushroom burger and it was quite tasty. The fries are nothing to write home about but the beer selection is decent. The outdoor seating was a bonus and they allowed my dog to join me which was a really nice touch.
4	Believe it or not, I had one of the most amazing burger at this spot for the Burger week Event in Montreal and it wasn't even on the menu. VIP. Beef pattie, poutine AND pulled pork between two buns. Probably my cheat quota for the month, but how delicious.Well meat and dirtyness aren't the only highlights here. Vegetarian burgers and salads are also available. I've tried the balsamic aragula and it was awesome, (more than) big enough and fresh. To push it a bit further, I've also had a few bites of the Ferrero Rocher. Simply to die for. The staff is very cool and efficient. Plus kitchen is open until 11:30PM. Been there twice and will def go back. Amen.
1	Horrible service!! This place is all hype. On Christmas Eve, I called in advance and they confirmed they would be open till 4. We arrived at 3 and they decided to close early and wouldn't serve us!! Anyway, I wanted to try something new but I'll keep eating at Patati Patata.
2	This is the best burger I have found in Montreal, hands down. Sadly, the music is downright offensive. I would give this place a much higher rating otherwise. I know lots of restaurant owners choose to play top 40 pop music because it is supposed to be inoffensive to the masses but I think we all know that is no longer the case. Everything else about this place seems really fresh and natural except for the fake robot voices screaming at customers from loud speakers in every corner. Please, I beg of you. Play something at least somewhat neutral in there, or at least turn it down so the music can be more easily blocked out by patrons who are offended by it. I know I am not the only one.
