4	A panaderia?  I don't really think so.  Oh, they've got some Tres Leche cake by the counter, but I hardly think this qualifies as a bakery (go to La Concha further down on Fish Hatchery).  But this is a great place for a real Mexican meal.  Not fancy, but the kind you'd find on the street anywhere in Mexico City.  Tacos, other stuff, its good, its fresh and its pretty cheap.
5	Their food is both simple and excellent.  Perhaps the best I've had in Madison.  Lunch was $5.99 including a soda to drink.  I've tried their Steak Chimichanga and chicken flauta.  The steak was excellent, and the chicken was too, and I'm not a fan of chicken generally.  Salsa was tasty, and everything was fresh.  I agree with the previous review, that it's not really a panaderia, but a taqueria.
5	AWESOME AWESOME Mexican food.  It's what makes Mexican food so great:  cheap, filling, delicious, satisfying.  They make a really great torta here that I've never seen before (and believe me, I've had my fair share of tortas).  It's some kind of fried steak, with avocados, beans, sliced jalapenos (not pickled, like on your nachos), fried onions, and cilantro.  Really frickin good!  Like 5 bucks.  They've got everything else.  Burritos, tacos, other more involved dinners, like chiles rellenos, etc.  I think they've got pozole on the weekends.  The night I was there it was a bit chaotic.  The staff were having dinner, someone's baby was hanging around, and maybe it was a little bit dirty.  So what.  That's ambiance, muthafucka!!
4	this place was cheap, delicious and had some of the best cake I've ever had in my entire life.  service was pretty good even with me being a greengo and I Ieft fuller and happier than I've left a restaurant in a long time.  my new favorite mexican place.
3	Life is an adventure and I suspect I am now learning something new about Mexican food.  This is now the second restaurant in Madison that I have checked out because I am told, "they serve real Mexican food".   I am seeing a similarity in the food I am receiving and think that maybe I don't know Mexican food at all.  Because this stuff is different and I don't know if I really like it or not.  Just my honest opinion.    I stopped by here based upon the 4 and 5 star reviews here at yelp and also because I had thought about stopping by this place.  It is really in a location that you would not expect there to be a restaurant.  There is plenty of seating and could seat probably 25-30 people.I ordered the chimichanga and received a lot for 5.99.  It was close to twice what I expected.   The chimichanga was good, hot and fried lightly and nice.  But the chicken was a little on the dry side but not bad.  The beans were soupy, the rice was good, the sauces were not as hot as I would like and thinner than I'm used to.  But they had a good flavor.  The sour cream was runny and should be thicker.I plan to go back and try something else to try to get a better handle on what they serve here.Pretty cheap and they play Mexican music in the background which is always nice.
