4	For me, a Starbucks isn't a proper Starbucks if it doesn't have a drive thru. This Starbucks has a drive thru, and for me that is a big plus. It  also seems to be less busy compared to the others in the area, it's rare for me to see more then one car in line when I am there... On my most recent visit, the employee taking my order didn't hear it correctly,  so when I got to the window, it was the wrong size... Not only did she remake my drink very quickly but she was an absolute sweetheart while she did so. I don't go to Starbucks as much these days as I did in the past, but when I do need a jolt of caffeine, this is one of my favorites to go to.
4	This is probably my favorite Starbucks, location- and service-wise. I've never seen it get too busy, and there is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. The employees are super cool and nice. They don't waste time getting your drink order to you like some stores do.There is nothing outstanding about this Starbucks (some are open 24/7, have rooftop plants or two stories, etc.) but it's an excellent standby.
4	This Starbucks has some of the nicest baristas of any location I've ever been to.  They've always been very friendly each time I've been.  And they don't lolly-gag and take forever with the orders like you'll find at some locations too.  It's also never super busy at this location, unlike a few of the other locations in the area.They offer a drive-thru,ample indoor and outdoor seating, all the drinks and goodies you could possibly want, and great customer service.  That's a complete package for me!
4	I buy Starbucks all over town for my clients and like this one very much.  The baristas are very fast, efficient and courteous.
4	This Starbucks is great!Some Key Points that make this location that make it so wonderful:1)  Smiling, helpful, and pleasant staff.2)  Drive-thru, that typically isn't slammed.3)  Clean interior, with tables in the front when the weather is nice.As far as Starbucks go, this one is solid.
4	"Kentucky Fried Inbred"The following is how I spent my half hour at Starbucks today: "Dat yer car out dare?"I looked up from my magazine. Beside me stood a gap-toothed midget hillbilly with hat pulled low and jeans pulled high. I looked out the window. Roughly fifteen vehicles sat parked in the lot. I sighed. This was going to be a long conversation."Which car?" I said."Da Crown Vic! Da blue one!" He pointed excitedly out the window like a four-year-old who'd just seen a bird."Yes," I said, assuming he'd just dented it with a pick-up truck."FER REALS???!!! I HAD A CROWN VIC BEFORE!!!!!" Small world.He looked at me with narrowed, trailer park eyes. "Jew a cop?""No," I said. "I'm not a cop."He looked relieved. "I don't mean to bodder ya none but did da cops ever pull y'over fer yer license plate?"I mentally added an hour to my earlier estimate of a long conversation. "Why would I get pulled over for my license plate?" I asked."'Cuz it's all faded. Don't reflect none at night. I gotta teakit fer mine.""No," I said. "I never got a ticket. But I might now since you mentioned it.""HAW HAW HAW HAW HAWWWWWW!!!! Din't mean to jinx ya none! HAW HAWHAW HAWWWWWW!!!!"God, I thought. I must have been a real MF'er in my past life."What year is dat car a yers?""2005," I said."DANG IT ALL!!!! MINE WAS A 2005 TOOOOOOOO!!!!" He cackled uncontrollably. Wiping spittle from his cracked lips he said, "How long ya had it?""I bought it new in 2005.""Dat dare's right nice." And with that he walked off to join his pal--a taller, fatter version of himself. I returned my attention to my magazine and coffee, sipping the fine Pikes Place warmth as I read an article about what Mexico's richest man was doing to help the poor. I like this Starbucks because there are plenty of clean, comfortable places to sit, AND the fact it is close to THE 215--the road I take to work. The $2.43 for a venti coffee agrees with me too. Finally, this is my go-to Starbucks because the music is rarely on when I'm there at 6:00 AM. Nothing is worse than loud singing at that hour. Unless, of course, you meet a Kentucky Fried Inbred.HAW HAW HAW HAW HAW!!!!!!!!
3	They close at 8:30 PM on Friday night, yeaa...Drinks are Starbucks consistent, most of the staff were friendly people, but one employee was less than tasteful and definitely irritating.Note: drive through is usually fast, never a long line.
5	Very reliable and consistent service at this location...team always greets me with a smile in the morning (very important to someone that needs their java early in the a.m.) and the coffee prep area is always stocked and clean....
3	I pulled up to the drive thru and the girl greeted me with something like, "Hey how are you doing?" ...followed by a "what do you want?" what the...?? I ordered a tall non fat vanilla latte. I don't think it's hard to mess up on it. The drive thru wait seemed pretty long as there were only two cars in front of me. When I got to the window I asked the girl if it was a non fat vanilla latte and she confirmed yes it was. I drove off taking her word for it but when I took the first sip...UGH totally disgusting and not anything near a vanilla latte. I check to see if there were any stickers or writings on the cup describing the coffee but I didn't find anything. I already drove down a mile and I didn't want to return back to deal with it. Pretty disappointed, should have stuck with the Starbucks on rainbow and warmsprings.
4	Use too come to this location every week on my days off but like too mix things up so been while since got my coffee and read my book (the True Blood series). I never had bad experience at this Starbucks. I know Starbucks is Starbucks so hard too compare between one store too another? At this location whats nice is theres few seats can choose from plus few more outside. Depending on the weather enjoy kicking it outside having my coffee and reading a good book. Sure there not much of a view just the parking lot but if reading good book not about the view. Inside they do have two nice leather seats besides regular tables. They have ample outlets all around too plug in laptops or electronic devices most part right next too the tables. They use too have couple board games in the store could play but no more. =(The service is great! I never look at the chalkboard with the holiday special or specials running at the time. They were nice enough too point out that it was buy one get one free at the time. Customer service liked that fact plus their always greet you with warm welcome when place your order.  I order the holiday special creme brulee latte. I never had before. Love it! It taste just like creme brulee (without the sugar crust on top) blended nice Hot! They serve pastries, ready made food, different bottle drinks, and all coffee equipment one would need. Always been fan of Starbucks still am always will be. Two grande Starbucks overload for one. Soo good!
1	NEGATIVE 2 STARS!!! So when I think of starbucks I think of friendly quality service. Well u wont geit that here. Their Drive threw took FOREVER. longest wait time ever. And then on top if the Long wait they gave me the wrong thing. I was royally pissed. There is a starbucks Drive right down the street passed the freeway. And they are excellent. But this location sucks!
5	I'm a Starbucks freak, however had had horrible experiences at some locations. But this location is great. I would stop in on the way to church or work. The drive they is always quick and they have never messed up an order. Recently the price they have me for my drink was high, so I questioned them about it. For the inconvenience they gave me my drink for free! Great customer service and the baristas are down to earth! Try this Starbucks out!
4	My regular location before work or to hang out with my friend who lives near by.  It's usually quite and the staff is very friendly.  They have a small corner next to the barista area(?) and that is my favorite spot.  It is near the restroom and I can sit there with my laptop because power outlets are there.
2	Slowest Starbucks on earth.
4	We were headed to the Silverton and I looked on Bucky's website to find a new stop.  I'm glad I picked this one.  It's right on the flight path for McCarran and my friends know I'm an airplane nut.  Sitting on the patio sipping my quad iced espresso was heaven watching the planes coming in for a landing at the airport.Our drinks were made perfectly and there is a large patio area.  That was good yesterday because someone had the inside thermostat set for keeping meat frozen.  Damn it was cold inside.The staff was polite and friendly and it was a good stop.
1	Drive thru is always about a ten min wait. That's not why people take the drive thru... Seems likes the woman at the window hate their lives.. Not very nice
2	I barely come to this Starbucks, but I rather not come to be hit on while getting my drink. And they always mess up my orders and they're not complicated. (Green tea latte w/ soy and hazelnut drizzle or PTL light ice)I asked for them to redo my order, they ADDED more ice and they just changed the cup. They did nothing different to my drink. And there is always an attitude when I tell them to redo it.
4	Honestly you can't really go wrong with coffee. I'm working in a industry where sleep is not a pleasure often permitted and naps are a limited delicacy... Thank GOD there is a Starbucks at ever corner to give you that extra boost desperately needed!
3	Friendly folks, good coffee (although they were out of salt for the Salted Caramel Mocha). Plenty of parking & seating... Only gave 3 stars because all the chairs are uncomfortable wooden chairs, no comfy chairs. Otherwise, all good.
3	So, drive thru starbacks on a saturday. Freaking circus.The woman who takes my order, doesn't even wait for me to pull up to the speaker. The car in front of me is still closer to the speaker than I am. So, I scream my order to her. She informs me that the drink I want is "seasonal" but they can still make it, minus the topping. Drink was blended well, but there is confusion upon pickup. I was asked at the window what I had ordered. I think they are a little disorganized.
5	I love Starbucks in general but this is one of my go to places, the staff here is always so nice, expecially Kyle.  Today I'm trying a "new to me" drink. It's a Chai tea latte with soy, no water with vanilla, so creamy, sweet and hot just the way I wanted it. My usual is boring latte with nonfat milk... lol. Today is in the 60s and my yummy drink is exactly what I needed today.
5	I love this Starbucks. It is walking distance from my office, so I come here often. Friendly staff and they rarely ever get anything wrong!
2	Rude service.
1	I go to this Starbucks because it's on my way to work. No more. I ordered a trenta green tea sweetened which is what I normally order. A tall male barista with glasses prepared a black tea sweetened and placed it on the bar yelling out that it's a black tea. Seeing that I am the only customer in the store waiting to get a drink, I advise the person at the counter that I ordered a green tea. They take the black tea  from me and the same tall kid made a new drink out of the same container of black liquid that he just declared was black tea. He then put it on the bar but this time he says it's green tea. I taste it and it clearly tastes like black tea.  I then bring it to the attention of the cashier who offered to give me my money back or make a new one and the kid who made the black tea tried to argue with me by telling me it's green tea when the liquid is obviously black and the same smart ass kid made it from the same container which he earlier declared was black tea. He then tried to tell me that they changed tea leaves which is the reason why it's so dark. (I'm assuming this must be the institutionalized BS line to pacify disgruntled customers). What annoys me was there was no manager there to set that turd straight. The cashier was very nice and tried to fix the situation but you can't fix arrogance. I won't be back to that Starbucks ever.
2	Rude Barista.It's absolutely appalling when a cashier gives you attitude and appears annoyed that you have a large order. This is the only Starbucks where the barista at the cash register- Jessie was her name - actually gave me attitude and was annoyed that I had an $85 order of 6 drinks and breakfast items. Isn't the point of being in business to actually GET business? You'd think you'd be appreciative that businesses (such as mine) were always spending large amounts at your establishment in one order. I'll be going to the Coffee Bean next door from now on. Unbelievable.
5	Best Starbucks ever! Every time I go my drink is always made to perfection :) this time I ordered an iced coffee, with white mocha and vanilla with cream, shaken and light ice. It was perfect!
5	Good location.Quality good.Staff is friendly.It is Starbucks.
3	Seating layout. I came here on a Friday evening looking for a place to sit and be productive on the internet. If you are a student in need of a place with seating that isolates you in a corner, you cannot go wrong with this location! If you need a place to meet with a friend for a quick get together, you cannot go wrong with this place either! Need outlets? They've got roughly 10! Free internet? No problem! On the other hand, if you're looking for a place that provides an environment that gets the creative juices flowing, this location probably shouldn't be your first choice (Then again, it's only Starbucks). Personally, this location doesn't harbor any type of inspiration, unless your inspiration stems from listening to baristas talk about their lives.  The service is standard: drinks made to order and the baristas have a good level of enthusiasm about making your drink.
2	My coffee is always sooo bitter and burnt. I find myself going back if I'm pressed fortime and need to utilize the drive-thru for convenience. Eek!
5	Everyone is always friendly. Jessi is awesome & always goes out of her way to say hi to me & my boyfriend who have become regulars here. The service is great. I see all these mean reviews below & think people are absurd. Starbucks is busy, get off your high horse & realize that these baristas have to work fast and they work hard, on occasion someone might have a bad day but we all do sometimes. If you don't have time to "wait" because you are stuck in a 9-5 job & only woke up with 10 mins to spare that's your fault so stop taking it out on the people who work here. Love this Starbucks!!
2	25 minutes in the drive thru waiting for 5 cars in front of me? Ridiculous. I left my house 10 minutes early and I ended up still being late for work. Thanks Starbucks. Looks like I'm not coming to this locations drive thru ever again in the morning. Possibly they should consider hiring more staff in their busy times...morning rush. DUH.
5	Everyone is always friendly. Jessi is awesome & always goes out of her way to say hi to me & my boyfriend who have become regulars here. The service is great. I see all these mean reviews below & think people are absurd. Starbucks is busy, get off your high horse & realize that these baristas have to work fast and they work hard, on occasion someone might have a bad day but we all do sometimes. If you don't have time to "wait" because you are stuck in a 9-5 job & only woke up with 10 mins to spare that's your fault so stop taking it out on the people who work here. Love this Starbucks!!!!
5	Friendly staff and nice relaxing atmosphere inside. I really like this Starbucks because of that and also they're usually pretty quick at the drive thru. If not they apologize which is more than I can say about the one at MLK and Cheyenne which is close to my job. Wifi can be a little slow but that's not why I go to star crack. Lol.
