4	The crazy chicken is crazy good! For healthy but filling fast food, El Pollo Loco is pretty hard to beat. My husband loves the 2 piece combo meals, with breast and wing. The citrus marinade they use is excellent and the chicken is always nice and moist. I have always been a fan of El Pollo Loco's side dishes, like the steamed veggies. They recently added some premium sides, which are slightly more expensive then the standards.. The premium sides include sweet potatoes fries!! The fries were excellent, a little on the softer side but not to the point of being mushy. It doesn't seem like many people in Henderson know about how good El Pollo Loco is, as there is never a wait. I don't mind that one bit.
5	Just like all other El Poolo Loco's, love it!!!  For fast food, I think this is as good as it gets.  The chicken they serve here has a lot of flavor and the sides are awesome too.  I especially love the new burritos and that Bacon Avocado wrap thingy is amazing!!!
1	Very poor service.  The young lady at the drive through made us feel unwelcome.  When we received our food there were no napkins nor utensils in the bag.  I'd think twice about coming to this El Pollo Loco again.
4	For a fast food chain, El Pollo Loco is one that is a healthy choice and I'm not ashamed to say I'm a fan.  I come here often for lunch during the work week when I want something fast and good for me.  I was on a BRC Burrito and side salad kick for a while when I was avoiding meat, but lately I'm a fan of the Skinless Chicken Breast meal.  I also like places that have nutritional info available so I can check out healthy options before I get there and you can find that info on El Pollo's website.  The staff is always friendly and the food usually comes out quickly; if it doesn't, you know it just means they're grilling up more of that crazy, good chicken.
5	This is great option for fast food- much healthier than a burger standard.  The drive through is quick and easy and the service is great.  Their creamy cilantro dressing is amazing as well as their avocado salsa which I like to put on everything.  This location is consistent and that will make us return.
3	Food was good, staff was nice.  Cleanest el pollo loco I've been in, until I went in the restroom.  Not horrible but could have used some attention.  Parking is far from the front door if your not lucky enough to get a spot in front of the building
4	The food was good and the staff was polite. It's El Pollo Loco, what more can you ask for.
2	Apparently asking for a tostada salad without cheese is to much to ask for. I asked for one without any dairy for a lactose intolerant person in the drive through. The top had no cheese but once they digged into the salad it had cheese. This is the second time this happened at this location. I will not go back to this location.
5	Came here extremely famished and ordered the 3 course family meal for $20. An absolute great deal for what it comes with: Mexican cobb salad, 8 pieces of chicken, corn or flour tortilla, your choice of 2 sides and churros for dessert. Quality of the food was fantastic. For a fast food place, they're all about healthy dining which is a plus. Service was awesome, food came out in a timely manner.... I'll definitely be coming back !
3	Not bad food but not for me. Too one dimensional unless all you really want is average chicken in a tortilla.
2	I've worked around the corner from this location for 2 years at have eaten at this location at least a few times a month. Customer service is hit & miss. Cleanliness is hit & miss, especially the tea. It's MISS MISS! I choose EPL because it's a quick healthy option, and I choose iced tea for the same reason. EPL's mango iced tea is yummy and I look forward to having it with my chicken salad. The last few times I've been in, it's in a nasty stained plastic gallon pitcher. Very unappetizing and I'm sure would not pass with the Health Dept!El Pollo Loco get it together or you will lose a regular customer!
5	I am amazed by this location. The store was clean and everyone was friendly! Especially the cashier who took my order. My wife and I know that we are very picky and hard to take care of. Latrell did an excellent job handling us even with a smile on his face the whole time. It is rear to find this customer service in the fast food industry. I am definitely coming back again!
