4	This place is run by a guy named Russ - he is extremely skilled.  Over the duration of hanging out watching him work, I witnessed people entrusting him with classic cars to euro tuners - doing specialty stuff.  He has a great eye and works fast, and has a high emphasis on quality. You just have to realize it's basically a one-man shop so you won't get pampered (haha more like ripped off @ M*das) like at a big commercial shop, and he is a busy guy so he doesn't have a lot of time to talk, but what you miss out on in a fancy waiting room, you more than make up with quality.  Also my BMW sounds badass now!
4	This shop is fair priced and fast. This is the only auto shop I don't dread taking my truck to. The guy who runs it seems like a cool guy too.
5	Good shop, good work, good prices.  Russ is great!
5	I had Performance Muffler install a Stillen catback on my Titan and I couldn't be happier with the experience (and the end product!).  Very reasonably priced as well.If you need a custom exhaust or have a problem with your stock system, go see Russ.  He's got all the top brands and is a very skilled tech.
5	OMGWam Bam thanks man. I drove up, asked how much and how long... Im busy you know. I drove out happy 30 min later. Russ and I chatted while the other guy welded my new exhaust. hey are both great guys and do great work. I would be back but doubt I will ever need to until I buy a new truck. LOLGo here Tell em large marge sent ya.. oh wait.. ah never mind
5	I called for a quote yesterday and it sounded too good to be true. I pulled up this morning and after a ten minute look over, he gave me the same price and got started right away after I gave the go ahead. Fast and inexpensive service with awesome quality. Exactly what I was looking for. Can't leave my wife and daughter home alone too long.
4	This place is very cool, a friend of mine recommended it because I had a weld on my Y pipe that had broken, they looked at it and told me it needed a new hangar and that is why it broke. $20 out the door. Cant beat that. The guys werent the friendliest but they were cool and straight forward, they even told me my headers were loose on the head.
5	Russ and Marcus are top notch.  They have helped me several times with my caliber srt4.  They are very knowledgeable and really know how to please the customer.  I will refer them to all my friends and continue using them!  Thanks guys!
5	Now i normally don't write reviews . . . ever, but i have to let the world of yelp know just how good performance muffler really is. I originally had my muffler and resonator cut off at a muffler shop in central phoenix so that way i could fit a new rear bumper and custom exhaust on my E90. After the new bumper was fitted i went back to the other shop and they were gonna charge me $600 dollars! Then a friend from my car club suggested Russ and his shop. So i went to performance muffler and talked to Russ about what i wanted done. He said he could get it done and he even drew a quick sketch of what he would be doing. When he started working on the exhaust he had to change the way he was going to do the custom piping in order to fit the exhaust properly, but before he did it he actually came out and asked me if it was okay to set it up like that, most shops would just do it and tell you after it's all done. Unfortunately he couldn't finish the exhaust in one day, but that was my fault he couldn't finish because i came only an hour before closing. So the next day i came and he finished my exhaust. i was completely blown away at how good the exhaust sounded and i couldn't believe how reasonable his prices were until i payed him. I would recommend him for any exhaust work that needs to be done on your car. I've had the exhaust for a couple weeks now and the sound of my car has never been better, i get compliments on the sound of my exhaust wherever i go nowadays, if i could i'd give performance muffler a 6 out of 5 i would, they are that good.
5	Highly recommend Russ at Performance muffler. Does good work.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would!! I worked with the gentleman in the front (pardon me I can't remember his name) and between me, four other customers and I'd like to say AT LEAST 20+ phone calls he got my bolt-on exhaust fitted and he had to do some minor wields/heating/bending but it looks great! He really let me ask all the questions I wanted, he let me watch him and he went ALL OUT to really make sure it looked good. Hell when it gets a tiny bit crooked he says, "COME BACK AND WE'LL ADJUST IT!" that's some DAMN good customer service I have NEVER experienced ANYTHING this amazing before. Truly hard working mechanics like this man are VERY hard to come by, I'd trust my car with him any day/time/place!! A+++ WE NEED MORE SHOPS LIKE THIS! THOSE CHAIN SHOPS JUST DON'T CARE!
5	Amazing! Nicest guy working when I went in- super helpful! Gave me honest advice about what to do with the car. I am super happy with the price and repair work on my exhaust system! If anyone I know or if ever I need more work done, I will not hesitate to give them more business!
4	No frills,no fuss, fast service at a fair price. Needed a catalytic converter replaced to pass NOx emissions. Marcus got the job done in a reasonable amount of time even while multitasking with the phones and walk up customers. My old Honda has finally passed the smog test totally legit! I'm satisfied.Tip: Arrange to have a ride so you can drop off the vehicle and return. You don't wanna wait in their little seating area for more than 5 or 10 minutes. It's like a microwave in there with an east facing floor to ceiling window not well shaded, a window ac unit that doesn't do much good since the shop door is open to listen for the phone, no music, no TV, just a water cooler.
5	Highly recommend!  Russ and Performance Muffler is honest, customer focused and does a great job.  Take your business here... You will be glad you did.
5	This is an amazing shop!!  I bought a new Scion FRS and knew when I drove off the lot, the car needed a better exhaust.  I looked on the internet for a pre-made catback system.  I was looking at the Borla and TRD system. I found the Borla system for $700 on Amazon and found the TRD system for over $1000.  After talking to Russ, the shop owner, I decided to have a custom made system instead of the pre made systems.  Russ spent a lot of time working with me and listened to what I was looking for.   All said and done, I walked out with an amazing custom exhaust using a Magnaflow muffler.  The system sounds and looks AWESOME!  Out the door I spent $350 for the muffler (12265), custom exhaust build, two triple chromed stainless steel tips and full install.  Amazing exhaust, amazing service and amazing value!  I highly recommend this shop for any of your muffler/exhaust needs!  Thank you Russ and team, your services are very much appreciated!!!
5	Russ is the real deal! I brought in my diesel Land Rover in for a custom exhaust system. He made very short order of my project. A measure here, a cut there, a few welds and out the door I went. Russ is a true artist with metal tubing and a welder. Russ also bent up a custom snorkel for my truck, I can't wait to install it. I was there for an hour and a half and saw lots of custom work coming in and out of the shop. There is no other place in the valley to take your car to for exhaust work, this is the go to place.
5	I just arrived in town after a harrowing trip from Seattle in driving rain (the Flood of 2014).  On the way down I hit a sharp object in the road and my exhaust system sounded like my old car from high school, not my 2008 Lexus.  I looked online for a shop and found Performance Muffler.  It was an hour drive from house, but I needed to get it fixed.  Russ greeted me, had the car on the lift in 5 minutes, and diagnosed the problem as a giant hole in the end of my muffler.  I thought, "Uh oh, new muffler." But no.  Russ carefully and surgically closed the hole in the muffler and then stitched it shut with a beautiful welding job.  I was on my way in 30 minutes. The cost: $30.  You just don't get this kind of expertise anymore.  Russ and Performance Muffler are As Good as It Gets!  Thank you!
1	I brought in my truck and all my exhaust parts needed to the shop after calling and talking to Russ and he said it was fine, they didnt have much business that day. I talked to Russ and after 4 hours it was done. The entire time I could hear the conversations the mechanics were having in the back, some of which pertained to customers that had just walked in and they were making fun of an elderly woman with dyslexia. Within one minute of driving away my truck clutch goes out. I look under and notice a line had melted to my exhaust they just installed! I called them and they said " sorry can't help we didnt touch your clutch." I then had it towed to Meineke for another $150 and they said my clutch had gone out because they never moved the hydraulic line when installing the exhaust. I called performance muffler and all they said theyd do would be to pay for the line since the OWNER remwmbers seeing the line just not knowing what it was... well now that I'm in the hole $1500 for towimg, the hydraulic line, clutch, and slave cylinder. After 3 weeks I'm still talking with the bbb, for the companys name being professional, there service isn't. DO NOT GO!  i had broken down one mile from their shop, 2 minutes after leaving. I spent all my money from deploying to afghanistan for this one project and they put me in the hole $1500 because Russ admitted he was "in a hurry." I would also like for them to keep their voices down so customers can't hear when they are bashing them in the back. My grandmother has dyslexia and I didnt find what they were saying to be humorous. After all the reviews and positive things people said about this company, I can't believe this is the type of stuff id experience at such a "professional" shop.
5	This place is a gem, instead of spending $2,000 on an Exhaust, i decided to do Muffler Delete on my M6 & a month later on my 650i, Russ handled both vehicles & i couldn't be happier. These guys are precise & on point with their work, excellent craftsmanship! thanks!
5	They made me a lifelong customer today! Such great service and knowledgeable and friendly technicians.I called in this afternoon to have my muffler looked at because it has been making a very loud rattling noise. They said I could bring it in anytime and they would take a look at it. Upon my arrival they promptly took my keys and drove my car to the lift. After a quick welding job the problem was taken care of.The technician was very nice and said there'd be no charge for his services today since it was such a quick fix. I will definitely be back in the future. Thank you so much!
5	This place is great! I had an exhaust issue and they fixed it right away! They only charged me $10 to weld a part of my exhaust. They were very nice, helpful, and skilled people. I recommend this place to anybody.
5	This shop is truly an amazing shop. Second time visiting this shop for the same reason. (A simple flex pipe replacement on my lowered Honda Accord.) Russ and the rest of the crew are one of a kind. Very friendly and knowledgeable on what they are doing. They had a slight incident with my car on the last visit but that I will overlook. That will not change the fact that I will be a returning customer. Thank you guys at Performance!
5	Had a Corsa Sport exhaust system installed on my 2013 427 Corvette by Russ and I coudln't be happier with the installation and the service.  Russ and the Performance Exhaust team are outstanding!  Russ in particular is more of a perfectionist than I am and I didn't think that was possible.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Great value, great service, great people.
1	This place gets the job done but did not do it correctly.  I had a 71 cadillac dual exhaust that I brought in to have welded onto my 72 caddy. Needless I sat up there the whole 3.5 hrs it took them.  And now there are noises coming from the motor the exhaust is rattling and one of the Welds was not even complete. I called them twice and left messages worth my number and I have not herd back from them.  I will contact the better buisness b. This is not what people pay for and I am very up set. Will never go there agin and will take them to civil court if I have to.
1	This place keeps trying to take down the pics I post of their horrible work guys.  Don't go here.  They take down post that make them look bad. I promise.
5	My exhaust was rattling and the guys fixed it in 5 minutes and didn't charge me a thing. Great place!
5	Stopped in to get something minor fixed and they had me out in 20 min and the issue was fixed 100% perfect.  Highly recommend.
5	Brought my 09 TL to have a custom Magnaflow exhaust welded on both mufflers and tips, and the final product turned out better then I had planned! The quality of work is excellent, price of labor is the cheapest I could find any where, and they hustle to get there customers in and out fast as possible. Would recommend to anyone.
