5	What a great experience!!  Went in after a long day at work and left with a fantastic hair cut and shave with the added benefit of total relaxation.  Susan handled my "experience" wonderfully and I can't wait to go high and tight again soon.
5	Roosters has been opened at this location for a couple of months, and I drive by here daily, but never stopped.A couple of days ago, I was in need of a haircut, as my hair has 2 cowlicks on either side that makes my hair look like the Pointy Haired boss in Dilbert when it gets too long.Normally, I do the cheaper Hair Cuttery or some place similar, but this time, I wanted to try something different.My wife goes to a professional who does a great job on her hair, and I wanted to see what would happen if I did something similar.I got there around 6, on the way home, and they were able to take me as soon as I walked in.The place has all sorts of dark woods, that make it look very established, and not the garish bright that the cheaper places do.The chairs were incredibly comfortable, and I need to get one for my eventual man cave.As I sat down, I was offered a drink-Beer, wine, water.  A very nice touch.The woman that took care of me really listened to what I wanted done in terms of a hair cut, and had a couple of suggestions that I never thought about.   The hair cut was very efficient, and she made sure that all the areas, including my neck were cut properly.(great music played in the background as well!)After she was done, she got a hot towel and wrapped in on my face as she got the water to a good temperature.   And then she massaged my scalp as she worked the shampoo.  It was a very good massage, and needed after a long day of work.I will be going back there.  The haircut and the extras were great.  They are more expensive than the Hair Cuttery, but I was not a number at Roosters.I really encourage other guys to give them a try!
4	I don't live in the area but was in town visiting relatives for the holidays.  Left my razor at home, so decided to do something I have wanted to do for years and get a shave at a barber shop.  The shave from roosters was well worth the 22 dollars, my skin feels great and it was an extremely relaxing 30 minutes.  The barber also gave me a couple of tips on what to do with my hair, which my barber at home has never bothered to mention.  My only gripe is that it seemed understaffed and I was seated 30 minutes after my appointment time, but I am willing to chalk this up to the holiday season. Recommend for the shave and would try the haircut if I lived in the area.
5	I'm usually an Aveda salon kind of guy just because I have thick curly hair and most barbers don't really know what to do with that kind of hair. But I was in town and  needed a hair cut and my bro in law recommended this place and oh my it was awesome. It kind of sits between a old fashioned barber shop and a salon. It looks like a barber shop but Michelle, the girl who cut my hair, was VERY good. The take walk ins or appointments and they offer a free drink (including beer) as you wait. They wash your hair after they cut it so you leave without cut hair falling down your shirt. It's a little expensive but the person cutting your hair knows what they're doing. So yeah if you're looking for the quality hair cut you get in a salon without everyone staring at you wondering what you're doing -there- give them a try.
1	Wasn't impressed with the hair cut. Didn't ask for a wash, but got one because I thought it was part of the hair cut and got a bill for $25. A wash is not typically included, and most guys don't want it. The guy also doesn't know how to do a proper fade/ blend.
4	Since I've moved to the Charlotte area I've been "a happy regular" at Roosters. I'm not the type to blow massive amounts of money on a haircut, however I'm not going to a $10 quick-cut huge-franchise chain either.In my opinion, the haircut is well worth the price. I've gotten cuts by I think everyone in the shop and I've never been disappointed. I've done both appointments and walk-in, either one no problems. You get offered a drink every visit, nice big comfortable chair, and great wash (I personally hate hairs all over my face and ears when I leave the barber chair and they do a great job of not letting that happen!)
1	Just moved to the area, thought with it being a barber shop for men that it would e men cutting hair, that's usually how that works right??? The place is ran by women for one, they were all uber professional and nice, but on the listening aspect they totally lacked.  I wanted a traditional combover with the wave in the front all greased up, I showed her a pic of exactly what I wanted and got opposite, and we had a very in depth conversation beforehand about what I wanted and how I fixed it and she went waaaaaay too short, like half the length I usually have short, and now I have to let it grow for about a month and a half for it to be where it needs to be, I feel like she did not listen at all when I was making a point of how particular I am,  I will not be returning here for an overpriced haircut I didn't even want.
