5	Cant miss grocery shopping in Scottsdale.  Before they mist their veggies, there is a big thunder and lightning show that is pretty funny.  Huge cigar humidor in the back.  Great unmatched shopping experience.
5	Expensive.  That about sums it up.  You will not find Cheetos here.  A whole grocery store of the finest foods and household items money can by.  It's like a boutique Trader Joes.  The best produce, meats, teas, jams, honey, chips, and on and on that you will find in the Valley.  It also has an excellent deli, prepared meals, a sushi bar, cakes and candies...  good stuff.  But like I said, pricey.
5	Definitely not for people on a budget, but it's a great selection.  The wine/liquor department is top notch.
5	I do most of my grocery shopping at the Pinnacle Peak/Pima AJ's, but occassionally shop at the store on FLW and TPP. There are differences between the stores. The Pinnacle Peak store opened before the FLW store, and doesn't have the darker wood feel (which is OK with me). The butchers at the Pinnacle Peak store do a better job of cutting meat the way I like it. They also regularly carry heirloom tomatos, while the FLW store oddly does not. But they do have stogies!
2	When I first went to the PV AJ's, I was in awe.  The housewares selection is first rate.  The case of meat and seafood goes on and on. They carry my favorite Brea bread!  They even offered me a wine tasting as I perused the wine section.  Then I decided to get some food from the deli.  The service was SLOW, and the people that worked there didn't seem to care.  In fact, one lady laughed when my husband asked for a smaller portion of prepared food.  We have been back several times hoping that the poor service was a one time thing, but no luck!  The service does not match the price.  There is also not a lot of organic foods.  I'll stick with Trader Joe's and Whole Foods.
5	This is one of the best grocery stores in Arizona.  They have everything that you are looking for and if they don't, they will order for you or suggest another store that does carry the brand.The wine selection is awesome.  Need a Sancerre and recommendation on what they have- they are happy to help.Fresh organic fruit for your day at the pool- everything you can think of!This is the type of grocery store that makes you want to go through every aisle, even if there isn't anything in that aisle that you need. Best of all, they carry Gianna's organic cookies!  My ultimate weakness and damn them, they place them as you enter the store. They so have my number!
4	AJ's is a fun place to shop, it is similar to that of Wegman's in the East.  Upscale grocery shopping in the Valley, very nice, very clean, very accommodating.  The booze selection is nice, you can find many things at many price levels. The deli and prepared food areas are good, I have had many a fine things from them, never disappointed.  If you think you might not like, that a sample first!It may be pricey but it is worth the extra dollars.
5	AJ's is a nicely decorated specialty store. I first compared the look and quality of the food to Whole Foods Market. It was fun to go through each of the aisles. I found a lot of the Food Network personality's food item, such as Barefoot Contessa, Paula Deen, and Emeril. In addition, there were some foods imported from other countries.I found Turducken in the frozen food aisle for $55!! There's also a hot food deli section which looked good. In addition, there was a guy making sushi, like CA rolls. You can request specialty sushi for $10, such as Dragon Roll.Expensive place to do grocery shopping, but it's good for those hard-to-find items at a regular grocery store.
5	Similar to Trader Joe's or Whole Foods, but a lot more "gourmet" and even more helpful sales staff.  Wine selection is amazing with a staffed sommelier.  I used to live across the street from the Thompson Peak location, and loved the weeknight specials like stir-fry prepared in front of you.  It reminds me of similar dorm cafeteria specials...only good, and a helluva lot more expensive!
5	I've been going to this place since I was a kid.  I remember when it first opened, my parents said it wasn't going to do well because of it being a high-end grocer.  But it's still there...and I still grab my iced mochas and bialys just like I did in high school (which actually aren't expensive).  Don't go for the basic groceries (including alcohol); that's what Fry's and Trader Joe's are for.The bakery is usually my main reason for going.  It's fun to marvel at all the different cakes, cookies, cannolis, breads and other delights.  The coffee is cheaper than Starbucks and sometimes even better. They have a Cappuccino Club card where you buy something like 11 drinks you get one free, which is not bad given that most shops don't have punch cards.  If you drink regular coffee, you can get 50 cent refills if you buy the green AJ's mug (a hit with mom).  Bakery staff gets five stars, heck, all AJ's staff gets five stars.  The folks who work there are nice and knowledgeable, not snooty like some would think.  Quality meat department if you are up for the prices  - but they do have specials every so often.  The beef kabobs are made with the finer cuts and are usually a good deal.Great sandwiches and pasta salads.  During the winter/snowbird months, they have their little outdoor BBQ set up on Saturday mid-days that serves up burgers and brats.  A cheeseburger is $6.00.They do catering for Thanksgiving, Christmas, Kosher holiday meals at reasonable prices if you don't feel like cooking for 5+ people.Pleasant outdoor seating, where you can easily plant yourself for hours chatting with friends, reading one of the many free magazines that are neatly stacked near the exit while enjoying coffee or the free Wi-Fi.  During the cooler weather, beware of large gangs of bike riders in Spandex.   No matter what your age or shape, Spandex is a friend to no one.I've been to a couple other AJ's around town, but am partial to this one. Can't you tell?
5	Best beer selection of all the AJ's in Phoenix.  Beer manager knows the product well, and is often willing to pull up beer information on his Blackberry to give enhanced info on the beers.  Virtually all beer is refrigerated as well.Wine and spirts selection is on par with the other locations.Good parking and convenient location 5 minutes off the 101.
4	AJ's is a fantastic supermarket. Don't buy your staples here as you will do better at the other chains. AJ's is strictly high-end meat, seafood,cheese, wine, deli, bakery. The wine selection is the best you will find in any Phoenix metro area store and the beer selection is equally as good. if they don't have it, ask and in most cases they can get it for you. The meats and seafood in awesome. Prime cut USDA aged beef, quality seafood..however its pricey. They also have cigars as well as a great flower shop. If I haven't planned for Valentines day AJ's is the one stop I make on my way home.
4	Love AJ's when I go to Scottsdale~ they have everything; fresh sushi, wine, gifts, prepared food, tons of organic and love the fresh flowers!Only negative.. pricey.
5	This place makes me proud of our  country. As grocery goes.. the best of the best. It is a bit pricey, but to me, well worth the cost; as every time I leave with a full bag . . its seriously like Christmas!
4	Love the AJ's at 7th St and T-bird!! Best peeps..Greg who runs the bakery and everything else...and Karyna make our shopping experience a great one.  The ice tea..and bakery goods are the best in town and a work of art..as is the rest of the store!!
5	Husband and I were visiting the fam for Thanksgiving weekend and since nobody wanted to cook, we decided on AJ's for their fabulous Thanksgiving pre-cooked spread.  I must say....it was one of THE BEST Thanksgiving meals I have EVER had (sorry Mom and Dad!)We ordered the meal for 6-8 people which included a Turkey, gravy, sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, green beans almondine, rolls, stuffing, and cranberry relish for the amazing price of $130.  All we did was reheat the turkey in the oven for 2 1/2 hours and bam.....it was ready!  I have absolutely no complaints about this meal.   The turkey was extremely juicy and tasty...along with all the sides.  We were all satisfied!  Oh yeah and I forgot they also included a Pumpkin Pie which was DEEEELISH!!! :)The leftovers were even better then next day!
5	Oh Em Gee. AJ's is where it is AT. I love love this place.And ok yeah yeah it's expensive but I'm not knocking it any stars for that. Theres like @ least 4 super amazing samples every time I go into AJs. That ain't free. Don't whine about prices when you gorge on samples people --- thats just dumb, nothing in life is free. Plus! Its always so nice and clean in there and the staff is nice and not stupid. That is also not free.  Plus plus the deli, butcher, and bakery is legit. Having that high of quality is also NOT FREE. So yeah, needless to say I'm willing to spend a little more for things @ AJs because it's just sooo nice in there.Ok and then speaking of nice, has anyone seen that wine selection ?! Frigging blew my mind the first time I saw it. THAT is a wine selection. yeah and whoever said "oh just go to Costco for the same thing"NO! No no no it doesn't work that way Costco does not carry : Turley, Shae, Foxen, Gaja, Chatenauphe de Paupe(not sure I spelled that right), nice Borolo's, Bonacorssi....... I mean just to name a few --- not the same thing as Costco.So yeah basically AJs is as real as it gets. they dont have super hippie food, like I dunno quinoa or bee pollen. But! What they do have is nice and gourmet-ie-ish. I mean where else can u get Paula Dean's complete line of marinades? And BESIDES that there are so many other good things. A+ to Aj's! yeah theyre not cheap but you get what you pay for in this game of life
4	Although it is an expensive version of Basha's, AJ's is probably one of the best places around town to get fish...
4	If you don't mind the dent this place will put in your wallet you will love it. This is my go to store if there is a specialty item I can't find at my normal grocery store. I also go on often to pick up breakfast. They have egg and cheese bagels that are premade for $3.50. They are way better than any breakfast sandwich you can get at a fast food restaurant.
4	My first experience with AJ's was just an iced coffee.  It was cheap (about $1.25 for a medium--the size of a Vente at Starbucks), and the flavor was incredible.  It has good body and a nutty roundness to it that I can't find anywhere else.  The only thing I hate is their number system--take a ticket and you'll be helped as if it's the DMV.  The meat and produce is unparalleled.  AJ's has a deal with farmers where they get the first pick on produce and meat.  The quality of fruit and veggies is unsurpassable, and their meat is divine.  I purchased a pound of Choice filet mignon; it was one of the best cuts of meat I've ever consumed.  Incredible.  Really expensive, but you're paying for the quality.  Pretty snooty people work and shop here, which I prefer to avoid.
3	I am pretty much a daily visitor to this AJ's. The iced tea is solid. Amazing selection. The americano's are delicious (I stopped going to Tully's because that hot assistant manager is no longer there). Also, the Americanos are cheaper at AJ's and you get more bang for your buck. It's no secret that I love bang.The hot foods section is pretty good. Sometimes when I am in a pinch, I go over there and pick up a roasted chicken breast to add to my lunch. It's quite good once you pick off the skin. I don't know how you slobs eat that stuff.The cheese selection!? Amazing. I got my tax return on Friday and like a jackass spent 50 bucks just on cheese. I have a problem. Oh well. At least I can feast like a lord. Unfortunately it will make me sick, but who cares? I can eat like a lord. Oh lord.Hmm...let's see. What else? Well...it's not a cheap store, but everything is good. For my LA friends who are reading this....think of AJ's as a slightly bigger version of Bristol Farms. Pretentious? Slightly. Awesome? Absolutely.
4	just like the name says, fine foods. Best and cheap ice teas, and an awesome beer and wine selection. Great deli too.
4	This isn't my favorite AJ's but it's still a solid grocer in the area. The deli is stocked with plenty of options, they have a decent selection of hot food, they feature different items daily and they have great bakery items and pastries. I enjoy the selection of flowers here and the groceries as well. All in all, this is your typical AJ's.
4	AJ's are pretty similar when you get right down to it... But this one has a nice rustic feeling to it that is quite nice.AJ's prices are, as you would expect, more expensive than most other grocers... What makes the prices worth it, however, is the variety.  There are many products here that you cannot find elsewhere.  For example, their selection of Pale Ales are vastly more impressive than the Fry's down the street.If you are looking for good quality food, set your sights on AJ's.  Try one of their Tahitian Vanilla Ice Cream pints... Exquisite!!!
2	The produce and meat department are excellent but terribly over priced!! I find it quite interesting that they say their seafood has never been frozen, yet we live in the desert? Yesterday I bought some tilapia for $12.99/lb. That's really expensive for tilapia! I wanted to get some Chilean Sea bass but that was $36.99/lb!! Really??? I can get it cheaper in a restaurant and at least they cook it for you!
4	Had the opportunity to make a quick stop in the bakery aisle and everything in the cases looked so tasteful.Decided to go for the Pistachio Nut Muffin. That is one heck of a tasty muffin. The pistachio flavor is subtle, but it is there! The muffin is a bit greasy, but what muffin isn't. Service was excellent, even for an early Sunday morning.
4	I asked my aunt (who used to live in Scottsdale) if she would like anything brought back for her.  She said no, but she did tell me how much she missed going to AJ's.  Thankfully enough, I found out that there were 2 locations near where I was staying.  So I decided to check it out- and I am glad I did!I am not sure how, but I secured front row parking (legally) every time!  I wasn't sure if that was a good or bad sign.The store itself has a cozy feel to it; at the same time it carries eveything you need from a grocery.Fresh flowers, a huge meat counter, and a decent craft beer selection too (one of the best for a market!)!  Hell, they even sell liquor (not something I am used to, as I am from the southeast)!They even have a great selection of soda as well.  They have many types of counters (my favorite being the bakery)- something for every occasion!I am actually starting to miss AJ's!
1	Service at bakery checkout is terrible,  very rude and slow service.
5	BEST iced tea anywhere, great customer service!
1	I usually come here for the salad bar and the iced tea.  I love that they use oranges for your tea if you request it and that they have so many iced tea flavors; however,  it's my recent experience with their soup that requires a 1 star rating.  About three weeks ago, I purchased the cream of mushroom soup  - and there was a BUG.  It was either a cricket or an earwig.  I couldn't tell because I had chewed it thinking it was a mushroom...gag!  I returned to the store with the bug in a cup. The manager apologized to me, thanked me for my 'feedback' and returned my money.  This was a fairly large bug found in the soup of a very high end supermarket. He didn't take down my information or offer anything to encourage me to return to the store, despite this terrible experience. I used to come here all the time.  Now, if I go back at all, it will just be for the 75 cent tea refills.
2	I sent my father a flower arrangement for his 91st birthday and it was quite disappointing, small and insignificant for the price.  So sad that the florist couldn't put an appropriate arrangement together and after being reassured it would be "very nice".
5	My sister and I love this grocery store... Peach-Mango tea is ++++..they also have a fantastic selection of wine.  Bakery items are inviting as they are tasty....meals to go from the deli are very VERY handy.  note: restrooms in back of store are also very fresh and tidy.
2	We like AJs, and generally enjoy shopping in them. We were over this way and decided to stop in for a couple of items. As the three of us wandered the aisles, we were more than taken aback by some of the prices. They seemed even higher than our local AJs. It  never occurred to me that different stores, had different prices.Well this led to an interesting discussion on how to rate this AJs? In terms of hard to find upscale products, or for variety, hands down all AJs are Four Stars. Particularly, if price is no object. But in the real world, where price and value do matter; they're the Needless-Markup (Neimann Marcus) of food retailers. For instance, a bottle of wine which I normally pay $18.99, was going for $24.99 here.So, Two Stars for price and value, and yes, we've experienced better. I wonder if Oakville will ever considering coming back?
4	Great Cream of Turkey Soup loaded with white chunks of turkey. Also had an unusual butternut squash ravioli entree. Yes, prices are high, but you should know before you enter the store. The macaroni salad was excellent and they have Gino's East frozen deep dish pizza which is waiting to try in the freezer. No riff raff shopping in this store either.
3	This is the closest grocery store to my house but I actually treat this store more like a bodega and just pick up the milk and bread or a coffee and some prepared food on my way home. Why? Because I typically don't carry a shopping cart full of dough around with me to pay for my groceries!Yes, the store is fantastic for picking up some specialty items. You need a specific type of balsamic vinegar? Yup they probably have it. Iberico cheese? Yup, got that too. You will definitely find high end products here that you won't find at other retailers, so from that perspective it is terrific. However, I shop a mile down the road to do my full grocery shopping because I figure I don't need a grocery store to validate my net worth.
4	Whatever AJs store you go to you can count on good quality and high end inventory. You can always count on high prices, sometimes extremely high. In other words there is the perennial question of what money means to you. I grow tired of poor quality produce and flowers at a nearby big box store. The price is higher for these things but spoiled fruit or vegetables won't be disguised here. Flowers won't die in four days. If I need unusual alcoholic beverages or special olives this is the place. For meat or dog food or paper products I look elsewhere. Customer service is always great here. There are always enough cash registers open. I like this place but am not as price sensitive as some people.
5	Bought a deli sandwich (Kobe roast beef) w/cheese last night. Amazingly fresh and well-made, AJs! All AJs I've frequented are consistently well-stocked, sterile, well-lit, and helpful service associates.I also bought a fudge brownie from their bakery (shhh!). It was so sinfully delicious that I felt an urge to eat it on my couch under a blanket, in gluttonous shame.
2	This is the oldest AJs around. Decent selection but doesn't stock a lot of the quality items I go to AJs for. Also the appearance of this store doesn't seem to earn it the right to charge AJs prices. Not impressed with this location.
5	Cool store, great staff. We're visiting the area-recommend anyone local or visiting check it out.
5	I love the feel of walking through a NY style gourmet market but they do it one up.  They have such a nice selection of random gifts, beautiful flowers and an amazing bakery.  The jumbo cup cakes they create for only $25 at the bakery are such a great gift idea.  It probably will feed 10 people but as a nice gesture for a loved one, you get nothing but smiles. The bakery staff at the Scottsdale Rd and Lincoln could not be more helpful.  Love these guys.
1	This store sucks! They have been out of sting and linger BBQ sauce for like 3-4 weeks and whenever I ask when they'll getIt in no one knows.The organization of his store makes no sense and it's hard to find things. Employees seem to be a little clueless where things are and work at a snails pace. The AJs on Thompson Peak Pkwy is way better. At least they have things in stock!
4	I have to give this place a big up because the staff is so friendly and helpful.  I used to take my great-grandmother there almost every day.  On Thursdays, they would always set aside her favorite dish - butternut squash lasagna.  Not every store is willing to do that for someone!  I mainly went to the little cafe inside and the coffee and all the pastries are extremely good.  So is the fresh, hot soup - they only have 2 choices per day but they are always excellent, especially for a grocery store.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it's a little too pricey.  Not a big deal for everyone, but I like my groceries a little more affordable.
1	This store is closing August 16th. Why??? Cause they never remodeled it, poorly run and tired.  This is going to hurt all the other tenants in this shopping center.Nice work AJ's, glorified food city
1	This place is now closed. I hope something good goes in here!! Hey how about trader joe's!!
2	They finally closed. I believe this was the first A.J.'s in Arizona......and the past few years it slowly went downhill.
4	I'be been going to this AJ's for more than 10 years and they have a good selection of everything, from fresh meat/seafood to fruits and vegetables, wine and dry goods as well.  I especially like coming here to get presents when am in a bind.  The staff is super friendly and very helpful.  It is now permanently closed and I am sorry to see it go...
