4	If what you want is a room for a reasonable weekly or monthly rate which has close proximity to the strip, then I definitely recommend this place. I might go so far as to say that some of the people living/staying here appear a bit on the questionable side, but what do you expect? This is Vegas! That being said, I felt reasonably safe and quite comfortable here. Warning: this isn't a hotel and thus, sheets, towels, toilet paper etc aren't provided. Rooms are fully furnished though and cable is included. If I'm ever between places again, I'd definitely consider staying here again.
2	What can you expect from a weekly?The rug has a smell of wet dog there are roaches I seem only to see them at nightoutside you constantly hear people arguing, yelling back and fortha lot of druggie/ "thugs"But those are most weeklys. At the price of $169 per week what more can you get?
1	staff sucks, you have something broken you report it to the staff they say ok go back to your apartment and we will be sending maintenance to help you out, no one shows up. Three days later we are struggling to open the door maintenance is walking by and sees us struggling comes by opens the door and notices the damages and tells us he is going to have to report this to security so that we can be fined!! hello we told you guys about our problem a couple days ago and no one showed up! We argue back and forth and he decides to give us a "pass" pshhhh..... in his own words he even said oh yeah staff sucks here I never got a work order for your apartment. like he believed us in the first place. oh but next time we will definitely be fined... Were out Stay away....Harbor Island sucks.
1	We moved in here with low expectations, as our friend was already here and gave us the heads up.For the first month things were ok, basic decrepit room with cockroaches that were rampant, non existent "free wifi" and tvs from the 1990's, drug dealer neighbors, meth heads, pimps and hoes and  police daily coming in to arrest someone.........  Oh and if you are a half decent looking woman staying here then prepare the pimps to holla at you like a prostitute.   You cannot walk the grounds alone at night as a woman.  Someone got pulled into a room by 2 men and almost got attacked.But the worst thing of all is the people who run this place (not maintenance, they were great, especially the Hawaiian guy), the manager onsite especially............  Beware, if they see any weakness in you, financially or mentally, they will take advantage.  Although they are far from smart in Harbor Island, they know what they are doing, and their pockets are profiting. Don't waste your time or money with this place unless its for a VERY short stay. And for women traveling alone, its not safe for you here, trust me.
2	Eh, cheap place to stay off the strip that's pet friendly if you need to be in Vegas for an extended amount of time.
1	I wish I could give them zero stars. I came here with my family hoping to stay for a week in what was advertised as"lush" and " beautiful" setting.  Instead I was greeted with attitude by a woman named kinyata who refused to give me her name and proceeded to give me the wrong number to corporate. She also flinched at me like she was going to hit me when I asked for corporate number. I did my investigating and found her name. She was rude and I will never return. I would not being your families here!! The staff is dangerous! !
1	Shit hole of a place to live, if you like drug dealers, pimps, Hos, and black on black crime. This is the place for you. The place is not a safe and healthy environment dirty apartments nasty ass roaches and rude BITCH ass staff and management. This place is more like a corrections Prison than a Apartment coftmplex. Only low budget welfare baby's and people fresh out of prison live in this place with a bunch of ghetto ass children. Good American decent people I tell and warn you do not come to this SHIT HOLE.
1	Fuck you yelp for removing my review BITCH harbor island apartment suck ass crack with a sick dick
