3	Hidden in an office building with barely any nearby parking, this eatery is easy to miss. Their 3003 N Central Ave. # 118 Phoenix address can be very misleading. There isn't any signage or entrance on N. Central Ave.  Instead, it's all on the side street, Catalina Dr.Cranberry Hills offers breakfast and lunch for dine-in, to-go pickup or delivery and catering. For breakfast, they offer a selection of omelets, egg sandwiches, baked goods and fruit. Their lunch menu consists of standard items such as cold sandwiches, salads, pasta, pizza, soups and bakery items. Everything on the menu is extremely reasonably priced. You can walk out the door with a huuuuge salad for less than $7. They also offer their salads in half sizes as well. The food is all around average. The ingredients could be a little fresher at times, and I'm not too keen on the amount of iceberg lettuce that gets thrown into their salads. However they don't skimp on the toppings. Those extras get piled on top. This place is also CROWDED at lunch time. Everyone in that office park seems to eat there daily, and the parking is awful.My favorite on the menu is #48 - the Orchard salad with a standard bed of greens, chicken strips, oranges, apples, jicama, dried cranberries and walnuts, served with country French dressing (that I usually switch out for their Roasted Red Pepper Fat Free dressing, just so save those extra calories). I've also used this place for catering before and for the price it's very economical and fast. They will drop off your order and set up a really awesome and professional salad bar complete with all the fixings - salad mix, nuts, cheeses, an assortment of dressings, turkey, ham, chicken, fruit, tortilla strips, etc. I've also used Cranberry Hills Catering for those last moment "oh no I forgot to order lunch and the meeting is in 4 hours from now" situations. They've saved the day for me countless times!I wouldn't go out of my way to get their food for just an individual order. I mainly recommend this place for catering in addition to those last minute office lunch emergencies. They are fast and convenient if you work in the Mid-town Phoenix area.Since they don't have it on here, this is a link to their Web site http://bit.ly/cLvlvG
3	Considering it's not much more than a lunch room for the surrounding offices, it's really not bad. Most of the sandwiches I've had there have been ok experiences. The service is quick.  I've noticed that they sometimes will spoil an otherwise really good dining experience by doing something like leaving pits in certain olives that appeared to be without pits. Or some of the cole slaw will be wilted. Or the shell in the clam chowder mentioned earlier. I don't consider these events fatal flaws, but y'know . . . come on. . . . a little more effort.I don't like how the line is laid-out. The path from ordering and paying to picking up your food and drink is convoluted and annoying. They could improve their flow and ergonomics and make take away some of the anxiety I feel before going there--and thus I might go there more frequently.
3	Nice menu. Nice clean ambiance. The food is just okay. My recent experience was the chicken enchilada lunch special which was served tepid. It should be hot. The chicken was canned and it reminded me of tuna. The whole thing didn't sit well with me. I'll go back in a pinch, but I'm not gonna race back.
5	Cranberry Hills is a great spot to grab breakfast or lunch or order takeout via phone from a nearby business.  I believe they cater to office workers in the area who often order for meetings or groups to be delivered. All of their food is extremely fresh, as they prepare it anew each day.  Their Indian Salad is their best salad offering IMHO.  Be sure to ask for grilled chicken strips on your Indian Salad, otherwise I think it comes with some steamed or boiled chicken.  Also, be sure to ask for extra lime-cilantro dressing (which they make from scratch daily) which is superb!Their Vermont Chicken sandwich is to die for!  It comes with several options of sides (as do all their sandwiches).If you work anywhere along Central Avenue from downtown to uptown, or anywhere between 7th Avenue and 7th Street and McDowell and Camelback, call Cranberry Hills for delivery for lunch at least twice a week!  The reason their prices are so reasonable is that in order to keep their regular office workers happy and ordering several times a week, it must be cost-effective.  But their low prices don't cut into their profits because they have so many customers.They are near the corner of Central and Catalina.  You can pull in easiest heading west on Catalina (from 3rd Street).  The parking lot is small, but you'll be outta there in no time, and you will want to come back, especially if you ordered the Indian Salad and/or Vermont Chicken sandwich.  I have done the legwork and scouted all the salad spots in the general area over a ten year period.  Cranberry Hills has the best, freshest salads!Cranberry Hills - will you marry me!?
2	Cranberry Hills is nice because they deliver. However, the food isn't very good, the service is super slow if you decide to eat there, and the employees are rude.
4	nice place near the house
1	Tried this place out after seeing the other decent Yelp reviews and wanting to try a new place for lunch. Service was very friendly, but giving one star due to the big disappointment in the food and outdoor patio area. The full size salad there was $6 and definitely not something that would fill you up for lunch. It also was full of sad, almost white iceberg lettuce, with a scant few other veggies. No place to sit outside due to broken umbrellas, un-bussed tables and bird "stuff" on one of the tables. The inside seemed okay other than that it was too cold, and the news that was on the TV with one horrific story after the other -- not something you want on over lunch. Had to go to another place afterwards since I was still hungry. Won't be coming back here unfortunately. :(
5	After reading other reviews that weren't very good, realized that most of them are really old reviews and this place is definitely worth a look!A few folks ordered breakfast from here this morning and I missed out on the order since I don't arrive to the office until later.  The smell of all the delicious food made me curious.  I asked around and everyone RAVED about how wonderful the breakfast was and so reasonably priced.  I had to try for myself.Got another gal in the office to order as well and too bad breakfast was done being served for the day by that time.  So we ordered lunch instead.  I got the half sandwich and soup.  Vermont chicken and side of chili.  Let me just say that the chili is TO DIE FOR!  I ate it first and then dove into the sandwich.  Sandwich was AMAZING as well!  The only thing I would have done differently is order a different type of bread.  I got the 12 grain and it was a little messy trying to eat since the bread squished down on top.  I'd either ask them to toast the bread or get it on a roll instead.  Either way, the chicken salad is HEAVENLY!  She got the clam chowder in a bread bowl and said it was very very good also.  We WILL be back and I'm going to suggest this place to cater our next meeting to our admin folks.  It was amazing!!!
5	I discovered this place about 4 yrs ago. The food is always fresh and top quality.  It is always delivered fast and efficient.  my order is prepared exactly how I request it.  I have ordered the salads, chicken sandwich,  breakfast items and lunch specials, all which I highly recommend to everyone. The prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly. I would give six stars,  but Yelp only gives five as the highest.  :) I absolutely love this place!
