3	I was first invited to Fanz by a friend to attend a venue on saturday. This is difinitely a Sports Grill. The food is pretty good. It does get quite crowded on Saturdays. Tuesday is half price wings night and this draws a nice size crowd. The wings are quite tasty. I did go from time to time on Tuesday nights for the wings. They used to have carryout on tuesday night and has since discontinued it. Not one of my favorite places.
4	Fanz is a great sports bar to hang out with friends. They have the best wings and great prices on beer. I would recommend to all my friends.
2	Beware the heater is broken and I was told by a waitress it has been broken for a long time. The place was freezing, I ate in my coat. The temp outside was 30 and so was the inside.
3	I want to start by saying I don't know much.  I don't know why this place changed from Midtown Sundries to Fanz. I don't know if the ambiance or clientele has gone downhill.  I don't know about jazz, or live bands and performances.  All I know, is that I have been coming here on Tuesdays for half-priced wings for over six years now, and I have never been disappointed.  I always sit at the bar if space is available, I think you get better, more efficient service at the bar.  The wings have been pretty consistent throughout my time patronizing this place.  I usually switch it up between the Bar.Ba.Low sauce and the smokey BBQ sauce.  Both are delicious on the charred wings dipped in ranch.  I never go here any other time except on Tuesday's (the screens aren't legit enough to go here for sports).  I never order anything other than 10 wings at half price.  I never drink anything other than the $2.50 Yuenling which is also on special on Tuesday nights.  This place is good for what I use it for, cheaply priced, great tasting wings.  Def not a place I would bring to show an out-of-towner the best of Charlotte.  Def not my Friday or Saturday bar of choice either.  Say what you will, but there is no denying the wings at Mid...oops, I mean Fanz ;-)
3	Sports bar themed place with nice pool tables and occasionally has live music.Its close to where I just moved to, I mean REALLY close.  So, I'll end up here again, even though I havn't been impressed so far.I've been twice, both times were to watch football.  Its good for that.  Some random food and drink specials including half priced wings or half priced ribs.  Both times I've eaten there the food has been edible, but not great.  Both times my service was spotty at best as well.A couple decent drafts on tap, don't really have much more to say.
2	Fanz has apparently closed. Maybe 2-3 weeks ago?I can understand why....Not the best sports bar around, mediocre service and OK food.
1	CLOSED DOWN, no real reason why on note on the door.
