5	Hands down the best ribs in Pittsburgh! This place may look like a dive, but it definetely serves up some great bbq. This place blows Big Mama's out of the water! They are take out only. They offer barbeque chicken, ribs and burgers. The ribs are so tender they melt in your mouth!Pork Ribs:A whole slab cost $25.A 1/2 slab cost $10.50.Rib sandwich with four bones cost $6.50.A bone cost $2.00.Beef Ribs:A whole slab cost $13.Dinners:A full slab (12 bones) with four small or two large sides cost $26.00.A 1/2 slab (six bones) with two sides cost $13.00.A four bone dinner with two sides costs $9.50.A three bone dinner with two sides costs $9.00.Six wings with two sides costs $8.00.  Two bones, three wings and two sides cost $9.00.Jitney SpecialTwo bones, a hotdog and three wings cost $9.00.Kids SpecialOne bone, two wings and one side cost $5.50Sides consists of yams, mac & cheese, broccoli & cheese, greens, red beans n rice, baked beans, green beans and potato salad and cost $2.25 for a small and $3.75 for a large.Wings:4     $3.566     $5.348     $7.1210   $8.9012   $10.6815   $12.7518   $15.3024   $20.4030   $24.9040   $33.2050   $41.5075   $62.25100 $83.00 They also cater private parties and sporting events. You will need to call two hours in advance for beef ribs. Visa and Mastercard are accepted.I highly recommend this place!
5	Gorgeous smoky bbq pork ribs. They are tender are just fatty enough to satisfy, without being overwhelmingly rich. The mild sauce is tangy from what tastes like mustard w/ a hint of chili heat and what might be cumin.I got a full rack to go w/ sides of mac'n'cheese and potato salad. The sides weren't bad, but the meat was so good I forgot all about them.Friendly service. Highly recommended.
5	best bbq...finger licking good...yummmmmmmmmmmmmm
5	I would give this place six stars if I could. It is absolutely amazing. Best ribs in town. The barbecue sauce is homemade and honestly addicting. The Mac and cheese is homemade and melts in your mouth. The greens are so good a well. The ribs are just cooked two perfection. You will never want to go anywhere else.
5	I travel all over the United States and have had multiple types of authentic southern BBQ and was always disappointed to return to Pittsburgh and nothing was quite that tasty.  Well I found that tastiness in Showcase BBQ.  I will be back for some of that tasty food.Friendly service and great food!
5	BBQ to make you smile.  Had a great hint of mustard and a nice soft hint of heat.  tThe bibs were meaty but still stuck to the bone and the wings melted in my mouth.  Love the greens not over cooked - the mac n cheese was good and complimented the amazing BBQ.  This place looks like it is on the way out but it is all in for me.  I'll be back soon- I'm a fan.
5	I haven't eaten at every joint in Pittsburgh, but I'm convinced that Homewood is the center of Pittsburgh's barbeque world. There's the Dream BBQ, and the Showcase, so close to each other you could do a rib-off and the sides wouldn't have time to get cold. Both are good places to eat, but the Showcase edges into greatness with ribs I found slightly more tender, greens that are fantastically smoky and good, and a Hot as Hell sauce that lives up to its name and is actually quite addictive. Vegetarians, if you get dragged here, it's worth noting that the sides are prepared without pork (according to the menu), so you have some delicious options.  Having eaten at both, my choice of Showcase or Dream might actually depend on the mood I'm in, the kind of sauce I want - but if I had guests and wanted to feed them really, really impressive ribs, I'd head over to the Showcase.
2	Disappointing at best. Ribs were dry, sides were sub par, service was average, neighborhood was one step up from Demascus. Not to mention the fact that the building looks like it's about to burn down and there's probably several health code violations. I drove across town to eat here because the reviews were so good and regret my decision.
4	Drew got the true BBQ I remember the dedication when he first started out in the cold to get you those great tasting ribs and wings it's the best in town  greatest around
2	The portions here were very large.  I came here because of all of the good reviews i saw here on yelp and to be honest their ribs were tough their beans way too salty and the mac and cheese was just okay.  This is not a five star establishment the price and portions are excellent but the food is no where close to where it needs to be.
5	Every time I come here, I am seriously impressed.  Everyone seems to like me, here, as well.  The ribs are always so moist and delicious!  If you've ever had a bad experience here, it's probably because you showed up in a Toyota or some other car that screams, "I like dudes, not ribs", and then proceeded to walk in, dressed in something that screams, "I like dudes, not ribs", and then order in a shrill voice that just screams, "I like dudes, not ribs."
5	I am a native Pittsburgher, but my soul belongs in the south with soul food and all that other good stuff!After celebrating the end of finals, I sauntered over to East End brewing with some friends. After a few tastings, we decided we were hungry for some RIBS. Off we ventured into the cold, the wind cuttting like shrapnel as we traverse the path from East End to showcase. Our foray towards the smoked barbeque glory would have made Edward Hillary proud. Our heads looking down to the ground, and holding on to our caps, we continued in single file and single purpose.Showcase was a beacon of light, reminscent of the smoldering campfire in the middle of the woods to ease weary travellers. The equipment was simplistic, half drum smokers wafting a delicious and time honored recipe into our nostrils. As we huddled inside, taking in our surroundings, we saw that other travelers of all walks of life underwent the same pilgrimage to this protein laden Mecca. Samples of ribs, greens, turkey legs, and macaroni and cheese were passed around in a communion to the gods of barbeque. Moist and succulent morsels dimmed the conversation to non verbal affirmations and murmurs of delight between mouthfuls.The staff was pleasant, undertaking their holy work with gusto and pride.Showcase, I am a believer.
5	5 Star food at One $ prices. Easily the best quality for your dollar in the city!The staff was super nice to the point that if the food was average I would give it four stars. When I saw the prices I thought maybe I was confused or something was wrong. I ordered 6 ribs, mac & cheese and candied yams for $14. The ribs and the sides were amazing and nothing I write could do them justice.(the following is included to shorten the line)Showcase is in Homewood in a building that from outside looks condemned with all the boarded up window glory. If it weren't for the whiteboard outside that said "Open Today" I wouldn't have gone in. They only have like 3 small tables and all the food is served up in styrofoam containers so this is clearly a place where the food is meant to be taken out.
4	Thought I would try a new (new to me, anyway) BBQ place yesterday and settled on the Showcase. If you are fussy about appearances, you'll probably want to go elsewhere, as it is spartan on the inside. But I'm only interested in the food, so it didn't bother me to get some takeout.  We got a half-rack of pork ribs, a pulled pork sandwich, mac-and-cheese, and baked beans.  The ribs were pretty good, with a good bit of crispy bark, a little on the dry side and middle of the road for meatyness. The server put the sauce right over the ribs and dished out a hefty amount.  I loved their homemade sauce and kept slathering it back onto the ribs each time I picked one up --  I might still have a little in my ears, actually.  The mac and cheese wasn't the very creamy style some people prefer.  I really liked the taste and was glad I could eat it without worrying about drips. She liked the pulled pork which was served with the sauce on plain white bread. The baked beans were too spicy for her and she gave them to me after three bites. She wanted to eat them but the heat level was beyond her low level of tolerance. They were very tasty but I agree they were hot.  Both of the sides were generously sized.  The inexpensive prices earned the 4th star. Would go again.
5	Surprisingly good value coupled with a down-to-earth staff.
4	The ribs are wonderful, meaty and tender. Twelve bones was plenty for 3 people. If you add sauce, expect to be pleasantly surprised. We also enjoyed the wings, well done and crispy. The yams side dish was delicious. Our group was not so impressed with the Mac and cheese or the potato salad. The baked beans were good, with a little bite. We'd go back for the ribs and chicken!
5	Two words: TURKEY. RIBS. That's all you really need to know.Best BBQ I've ever had, honestly. Reasonably priced, good combos, their sauces are amazing and their greens are spectacular. I dream about their turkey ribs. I could eat them every day. The only downsides? Not much by way of seating and their cornbread was cake like. Whatever. I will come back over and over again.
4	Good food. The price is right and the service was good. I had grilled wings, candied yams and collard greens. I tried the mac and cheese as well as the baked beans. I enjoyed everything. They have ribs for all you bbq lovers. I recommend this place.
5	This place has been around for years and not a year went by when the food wasn't good.  They have often been a staple at local events and wether on the road or at the shop, the quality is always second to none.Local owned with that Pittsburgh Pride, this is quality food.
5	Always been a showcase regular ever since i was a kid i grew up on tha best bar b que n the city!!!
5	This was great tasting food that will leave you say wow!We are from Out of state but left a great impression.Great people.You need to go
5	This is an awesome place. The food has so much flavor and just great portions of food.
1	Good BBQ is hard to find in PGH, at least for someone coming from NC. I was happy} to find Showcase BBQ and went in on a Tuesday to order for a group of 10 to be picked up on the following Saturday. The young lady that took my order was very sweet but over sold me, we had enough to feed 30 to 40 people. I gave a deposit for 50 percent and was called the day before pick up to be informed the cost would be double what I was quoted. Ok, I had no choice with 24 hours before my guest arrived so I agreed to pay the difference. Went to pick up on Saturday packed it all on my car. When I got home I found the order was incomplete, could not call back to ask for the rest of my order as they would not answer the phone. Over charged and under served, will not be going back the owner was rude as hell.
4	Best ribs in the Burgh. I was informed about the place from a freind. I have tried a lot of BBQ in the area. This hands down is the best that I have had .
