5	What a cool neighborhood burger joint! I don't know why anyone who lives anywhere near here would ever go to a fast food chain. The food at Shortys is so good and the prices are perfect (you can get very full for under six bucks!). On top of that they are owned and operated by some of the friendliest people you'll ever meet from right in the neighborhood. Last of all is the atmosphere, you know you're in an all-American hot rod hang out before you even walk in the door because there is always a beautiful car parked outside. Chevrolets, Roadsters, Wagons, you name it and you'll have a chance to see it on any given day at Shotys Sliders & Steak Burgers.
4	The family tried Shorty's today for lunch.  There are some pros and cons. The Pros.1. The place is really clean and cutely decorated situated in a old Whataburger building. The place is decorated with a hot rod theme. They even have a hot rod parked on the front lawn.2. The lady behind the counter was pleasant and helpful when answering questions.3. All of the food is cooked to order. Everything was hot and fresh. My husband said his single burger with cheese was good and he would definately order the double next time. My onion rings had great flavor but some were crispy and others not so much. My child ate all of his single slider so I would say it's a thumbs up there.4. The food came out quickly.The Cons.1. We found it a little on the pricey side. The single steakburger was $3.09 plus the $.50 for cheese. 2. I was kinda of irritated that after paying $2.49 for a small basket of onion rings I had to pay another $.50 if I wanted ranch to dip them in. They only come with ketchup.3.They charge $.50 if you want a refill on your drinks. Drink station is behind the counter.4. Restrooms are outside. (that is no fault of theirs though so no stars deducted.)5. No combo meals. If my husband wanted fries with his burger it would have been another $1.89. With the addition of a drink (medium $1.79) it would have made $7.17 for a single combo without tax.We liked Shorty's and will more than likely make another go of it. On a Saturday about 11:30 they had a steady stream of mostly to go orders. Drive thru is a great convenience too. We hope Shorty's survives in this economy, a great local run business, but they might want to change a few things to make it a little more economical.
5	I've never reviewed a restaurant before, much less a fast food restaurant, but I really want to see this place survive!  I was positive this empty building was going to turn into another taco shop and when we drove by it yesterday and saw "Sliders" I quickly turned in and placed an order through the drive thru.  Here's what we had: 1 stuffed tots, 1 sweet potato fries, 4 chicken sliders and 2 single sliders with cheese.  Total was $14.01.  We watched (who we assume are the owners) make our food.  It smelt amazing on the way home and made it there without turning to mush like some fast food joints.  When we finally ate it, it was delish!  Nothing too fancy, but very fresh.  The buns were grilled a little bit, which gave it that extra down home taste.   A few of my favorite things about this little place:1. Small, simple menu with options different from just burgers and fries (chili dog, sloppy joe fries, fried mushrooms).2. At the drive-thru window they had dog treats.  I just so happened to have my new puppy with me, so that worked out fabulously!  Definitely grab your pup before running up to this place for a slider. 3. Really nice lady took our order4. Last but not least, good food that didn't make me feel like I was going to have a heart attack in my sleep Good luck Shorty's, I'll be back again soon!
1	I've passed by this place and really wanted to try it. I finally stopped in and was very disappointed with my experience. The food was portion was tiny and the price was ridiculous. I'm a big advocate of getting what you pay for however for the 20 bucks we spent it, was just an appetizer. The steak burger was tiny and it cost extra for every little topping. It Ended up being a 6 dollar McDonalds mcdouble. Very disappointed. The Mac and cheese bites were very disappointing  for the price as well.  We ordered fried mushrooms and never received them due to human error when taking the order which is understandable. People do make mistakes  however since we were so disappointed with everything else we felt it wasn't worth our money to try them. Overall not a place I will be coming back to.
1	The lady at the counter was rude. Food portions are snack size. Hot rod theme that is a lame attempt at being cool. Nothing to brag about , which stinks because I like supporting independent food joints. This has been a disappointment 3 times in a row, you're out !
2	I stopped in for lunch one day after having driven by it several times.  Seems like a Mom and Pop joint which is good as I always like to support the little guy.  The burgers were really nothing special.  Certainly nothing that would make me hop in the car and make a special trip for.  I've had better stuff on the backyard bbq grill.  As others have stated it seems like they nickle and dime you for everything.  I was really hoping this place was something I could get behind but I just cant.  To sum it up this is a very very average joint.
1	WARNING WORST & MOST DANGEROUS experience EVER. Since they opened our family/friends were regular patrons of this local drive thru/diner, which I'm sorry to say is now more of a dive. The former owners & staff were so nice that although the portions may not have always been great value for the prices, we continued to support them. The burgers were dry, but the larger steak one (cubed steak) was OK flavor; add-ons certainly add on $. Their varied menu was a plus, as was their service. They have since changed ownership, and staff, and it has really shown. We hadn't known what was wrong & hoped to ask the owner why it's gotten so bad, when our patronage now finally ended with the WORST EXPERIENCE we EVER HAD from any restaurant, diner, or drive through. READ: WARNING - DANGEROUS! If you want to skip the many minor infractions at least please read the last paragraph; either way your next meal there may be your last!First it took 45 MINUTES to provide our order, during which time we watched newer batches of fries being served to drive through customers, while they tried to pawn off on us those sitting there for 1/2 an hour. When we said we wanted fresh hot fries, they said they were. Despite showing them they were not, they argued. Finally they said 'well they were under the heat lamp, so that's the best I can do". I say provide our order, but not complete, as they forgot my BLT. When I noted it was missing, he said "Well I didn't charge you for it. I didn't know you wanted it"?! I understand mistakes can be made, but he was hardly apologetic & did recall my comments: besides stating at the end of my order for my family "& I'll have the BLT" I reiterated when he said "is that all?" (I replied "yes, the rest already got fries & onion petals, so I think just the BLT is enough for me") I'm not sure how I could have been more clear that I wanted - the only item I ordered for myself. The other worker then asked if I'd like them to make it, & when I asked how long it would take he said it depends, if they have bacon already cooked they can just reheat it, only five minutes. I said not to bother. We had been standing there in the lobby for 45 minutes at that point & really just wanted to get home. I would have walked out sooner, but didn't want to stiff the joint. The (former) owner was so nice!I should also mention we couldn't even order "milk shakes" because they had already cleaned the machine - over an hour before closing! Now we are getting to the DANGER / warning part. BEWARE OF RAW CHICKEN SANDWICHES!!! That's right, after all that, taking 45 minutes to serve us 1 slider, 2 fries, 1 onion petals, a 5 pc. wings, & 5 chicken sandwiches, THE CHICKEN WAS SHINY PINK SLIMY UNCOOKED. I am glad I didn't serve that to my kids, who may not have known better, & sorry for anyone who swallowed a bite before realizing it. In case you don't know it, uncooked chicken can be LETHAL.Now I was sure the owner would be at least as concerned as we were about this HEALTH HAZARD, if not the poorest service & the rude behavior we received. When I called & asked to talk to him, a lady answered, said she was the new owner. When I told her my concerns, & asked when she had taken over, she put on her partner. I never found out when, but I suspect it was in the last couple of months as their food hasn't been that great; again, I really try to support local especially small businesses & the founding owner was so caring. I presumed this owner would care, & relayed all these details. He did not even apologize, but responded by saying that these were all unusual & he hadn't heard of any of these complaints before so he must check with the staff, to see what they had to say; he CAN'T JUST TAKE MY WORD FOR IT?! (NOTE: read the reviews that are arbitrarily blocked; I just did & guess what? They are complaints, not-hot fries among them) So the owner said would look into it & get back to me in a couple of hours, which he did not.  I even offered him PICTURES of the RAW CHICKEN, which he didn't seem interested in, so I'll post here in case any reader is. PLEASE  NOTE I didn't ASK for anything, I have nothing to gain, & it actually pains me to say this local once-hopeful is a NO NO NO after all the time & money we've spent supporting it DO THEY NOT CARE THAT SOMEONE COULD HAVE GOT SICK OR WORSE!
1	First it took 45 minutes to fill our order, AND THE CHICKEN WAS UNCOOKED. The owner didn't even CARE, I didn't ask for anything, not even $ back, I was just concerned. This USED to be a great place, but went downhill fast, & I found out why - new owners who do not care. UNCOOKED CHICKEN, & no apology, now but my detailed comment disappeared, as did my picture of the RAW MEAT, & the same day two all stars praise reviews appeared. Quite a coincidence considering there's been hardly any activity this year. So be warned.
1	This used to be a must visit for me, but ever since the new management things have turned for the worse. The staff is slow, has an attitude, the food is nothing like it used to be.
3	If you're tired or chain fast-food and want to try something different, Shorty's is definitely worth a trip. The food is better-than-average and there's a good selection. I will probably give them at least one more try.On the downside, they are pretty pricey for burger faire. Also, my order took and unreasonably long time to make, but it was about an hour until closing so I can't blame them too much for it...the food was good though.I'll be back soon and see if they can earn another star because I think they deserve a shot. Give em a try if you want a good old school greasebomb for dinner.
2	I have been there 2 times when they first opened, the first time the food was ok, but I agree with the others they try to Nicole and dime you, and the lady is kind of rude like they don't really care here is your food eat it and get out, really expensive,  I drive by there everyday and its empty, I guess we know what's to come. sad but true...
4	This place is better than average especially for the price. Other reviews say its high. For burgers yes, steakburgers no. Sliders are good for a buck. Service is a little slower but they don't cook it until you order so its worth the wait which you can tell if you go through drive through. The employees are very courteous. They do have combos, other reviewers are apparantely just blind. Yes they do charge for ranch but then again 80 percent of places nowadays do so nothing new. I am typically not a fan of beer battered fries but theirs are very good so I will definitely be back again again.
