4	This is a fun store. Bath, hair, face, body. Handmade, fresh creams and soaps for everything! Although I haven't tried one yet, the bath bombs are very alluring. Large, colorful orbs that smell spectacular. I look forward to exploring.It's a bit larger than the Fashion Show location, which is good for getting serviced. I don't know how it's possible to ignore someone in a ~40 sq ft room, but it happens at the FS. Maybe those Lush employees let all the scents take away their sense... The DT Summerlin ones are still green and eager!I've only tried the masks, but have been very pleased. I recommend them to everyone. The Oatifix smells like a cookie and leaves my face feeling moisturized. If you bring five empty pots back, the next is free!With my last purchase, I wanted to explore another mask. Ayesha sounded promising, perhaps a prophylaxis for inevitable aging... When I went to put the mask on, I noticed that half of it was empty! I assumed I was given some sample pot (which makes no sense, since they sample from the giant bowls). The employees said, "That's just how that one is. It's thinner and shifts around." Ok, I guess. I'm glad I'm not using a mask that was touched by a bunch of strangers.
5	I had never been into Lush until this past Sunday, but I can assure you that I will be going back! My girlfriend and I were in town for Thanksgiving, and wanted to check out downtown Summerlin. We stopped in Lush, and were greeted by Alex, who is a wonderful young lady. I've never received such warm treatment by a retail employee: she was knowledgeable and fun. After giving me a sample of body wash, she went on to help my girlfriend while Stasha (who asked me if I had been rubbed down yet) gave me a salt scrub, which she explained would make my already soft skin softer. Even though we didn't make a purchase, after we left, Alex followed us out to stop us and give us a thank you gift for being her nicest customers of the day. I left feeling appreciated and looking forward to my next visit. I'll certainly stop in for Christmas shopping!
5	My friend wanted to go Christmas Shopping last week so we stopped by Lush, it was her first time and I hadn't been in a while so I figured I'd look at their new products. While my friend was getting demos and introduced to their products, a Sales Associate by the name of Sasha came up to me and asked how I was doing. I told her I was just waiting on my friend and killing time by looking around at the products and she asked if there was anything she could introduce me to. I then explained how I have extremely sensitive skin and that I even ended up in the hospital due to an allergic reaction to a hair product so I have to test everything before I buy or use it. She then offered me a decent supply of samples for a Shampoo, Conditioner and Mask Treatment. She thoroughly explained how to use them, the ingredients and gave me a few tips and tricks. She didn't just make me feel like I was talking to a sales person but a friend. It kind of made me miss the days I worked at Bath & Body works. I ended up coming home giving them a try since she gave me two day's worth I was able to do the 48 hour skin test and then use it for two days. I absolutely love the product and love how Lush is all natural handmade and against animal testing. I will surely be back to this location in the future and hopefully Sasha will be there to help me :)
