4	I do like Albertsons more than some other grocery stores.  Definitely much better produce and meat than going to Super Wal-Mart!I'm always able to find everything I need for my recipes and the produce is always fresh.My one complaint is the bathroom.  I usually shop with small children, so I use the restrooms there quite a bit.  It's always kind of yucky, but I guess all grocery store bathrooms are.
2	Meh x 1000.Outdated building.  Sub-par produce.  Marginally acceptable selection at meat & deli counters.  Seafood selection tolerable at best.  Teeming with drunken Lake People on weekends.  Frequented by creepy "Hills Have Eyes" people at all times.  Employees are awesome and it's close to my house.  If it weren't for those factors I wouldn't return.  Extra points for NOT being Wal-Mart.
3	Some prices you can't beat! All other prices... You can! Lol
4	This location earned their 4th star and a shining Yelp review after my visit to them today... yes. The day before Thanksgiving.  The Black Friday of grocery stores. ...Yes.  I wait until the last minute to get some items.  Don't be hatin'!I have been living in this area for coming on 2 years now.  I have my preferences on where I go.I do not normally go here for a full load of groceries.  Their prices are significantly higher than the competition and I don't have the time to do the price matching stuff.They are missing the 5th star because of this.But... if I need a couple things... I go here because it's convenient for me and I like the people (no crazies or bums).   I'll pay the extra dollar for my convenience in those cases.Today was a shining moment for this location and I just had to share.I pull into the parking lot where there are cars backed up, people honking all pissed off at each other, racing to empty spots... I ignore them and calmly move on... ... and find ROCKSTAR parking.  If you don't know what Rockstar parking is... you'll never address it as the same "front row next to the handicap spots" again.I didn't even have to fight for it!So thinking this is a good omen that I chose Albertsons to do my almost belated shopping, I park... find a nice shopping cart where it belongs inside the building and in the shopping cart "corral".I walk around... find my things.  I figure out that the Albertson's fried onions are only 2.50 and they have an excellent recipe for cheesy green bean casserole right on the back that fits the only dish I happen to have at home for a casserole!  Sign me up!!It cost me $16.64 (not including tax) to build up this recipe (see the back of the Albertson's Fried Onions can for the recipe... and attempting to not use name brand if I can help it due to their prices)... and that's amazing! To feed like 12 people???  That's great!As I walk around, there are so many Albertson's employees walking around.  I wonder why... then figure out that they are restocking the shelves as they empty.  I didn't have to fight for my cream of mushroom.  I didn't have to fight for the frozen green beans.We all know, as we read this, that this happened last year at Walmart.So... finished with my recipe and confident that I'm going to dazzle my family with my amazing culinary skills... I walk toward the front of the store with my cart, sifting thru the crying babies, squealing kids, irritated mom's on the phone with their sister's fighting over who's going to do the gravy... ... to a line that only has ONE person in it... who is only purchasing 15 items or so.The clerk handles them quickly, and they move on.  My stuff moves forward... she handles me quickly with a smile... and never admits that she's going insane with all this noise.The sign of a true lady. :-)I leave peacefully after paying for my goods... and thank the gods that I listened to my gut instinct to go to Albertsons versus Walmart.They have proven themselves to me... so that when I need to go somewhere on Christmas Eve to pick up butter... that's where I'm going. :-)
2	overpriced but close to home. Hmmmm what to do? every time I get to the check out It feels like I just got hit in the back of the head with a bumper jack and my wallet stolen off my person. =(. they do have a starbucks inside so I can drown my pain of having just been high grossed on my grocery tab with a nice ICED AMERICANO !. bitter/sweet!
3	This Albertsons is ok if you are close and need a few things, but their prices are higher and selection poorer than other stores such as Fry's. I live less than 5 minutes away, but I usually go to Wal-Mart (sigh) or Fry's in Anthem.
4	Great produce if looking for normal stuff, the deli and meat counter are great. Good sales on ribs all the time... Other than that it's one of those stores that you go too if you have just a few things to buy. The prices are hiked up a bit but not too bad.
2	Even though i live a mere 1.37 minutes away, I only go here if I am just too lazy at the moment to drive 7 minutes to Fry's, or 12 minutes to Safeway on Happy Valley. And NEVER for a full grocery-buying experience - only a toothbrush. Or deodorant. Or Tostito's cheese dip - hey we all have our guilty pleasures...The prices here are a joke. Like, literally. I thought they were joking, considering I can buy the same (or better) products at higher end stores for the same price. They have some incredible deals on some items, so i am sure if you do the price comparison thing it would be good. I always see sales on ribs there and meat in general. It makes me question the quality if you can always give one away for free...The employees at the Starbucks inside are uneducated on some of the drinks you can get at any other location. What ticked me off the most about this was that I like to pay with my phone at Starbucks. "Oh sorry, I hope you aren't paying with your phone, because we can't do that." What?! I asked if I could read the numbers on the card and they would type it in and was even told "No, sorry." Uh, ok. Screw you then.I dropped my son's prescription off at 10 in the morning, telling them I would be back at noon to pick it up. "No problem," they say. Was it ready at noon? No. Was it ready at 5:30 PM, the next available chance of me picking it up? No. Sigh...The staff in the actual store seems nice enough, I suppose. Not enough to warrant making this my one-stop-shop. The customers are usually not terrible like you see in some other stores, but some people seem to come here out of the "deep" New River (if you know what I'm saying) and only have concerns of buying large quantities of cheap beer. They tend to be a little more rude when it comes to not hitting you with their large lifted truck in the parking lot (on 2 occasions...) That's a story for next time. Just don't bother with this place.
4	Slightly more expensive than some other supermarket chains, but high quality, excellent selection, so worth it. Love their sushi and locally sourced brats, the veggies are always fresh and an excellent selection. Great selection of cheeses.
5	This store has been our choice for grocery shoppingfor three years. The store has a very friendly atmosphere, that is felt immediately on entering.The store is always clean including the restrooms. The store manager of this store, #1004, is always out and about in his store. Bob S. is an example of an excellent manager, and strives to please his customers. One of many examples of this, is when I purchased some Honeycrisp-apples.  Once I got home with them, I couldn't wait to sample one, and found a couple of them had brown spots inside.  As the price was 3.99 per pound, I reluctantly returned to the store where I mentioned this to Bob. He promptly escorted me to his produce Department,  and introduced his produce manager. He showed him the brown spots inside the apples, in spite of the beautiful appearanceof the outside.Bob and his produce manager apologized profusely, (Which certainty was not necessary) Bob then gave me several apples to replace the bad ones. and offered for me to take more. That experience spoke volumes to me.The cashiers,  (Tanya) and all others that have checked me out,  are friendly and also are committed to customer satisfaction. Tanya, for example, left her check stand to escort me back to the smoked salmon. Once in the seafood section she showed me the smoked salmon products, as the package I had purchased was priced differently than at the check stand, and I had read the wrong sale price marking. Another person in Bob's store that deserves mentioning is Janet, the florist Manager. Janet always has a smile, and enjoys her job. Upon asking herexpert opinion on several occasions,  she went out of her way to show me the best options for the event.In closing, I applaud the entire staff for a job cheerfully,  well done.Thank you.Mike Larsen
