5	We had a great time, excellent service and enjoyed good food. My husband and daughter had the atichoke spinach dip appetizer and a batch of medium and hot wings, I had the apple walnut salad. Lots of big screen tv's all around the dining and bar area, great atmosphere.
3	Stopped by today for lunch,as I noticed this location just opened. The service was great'as was our pizza.the decor was cool.lots of t.v.'s and very  clean.the only thing that I didn't like was the overzealous managers coming to our table asking us if everything's o.k. several times by several different managers.ANNOYING!!!!! We also could hear them yelliing at their employees while they were in the kitchen.very unprofessional.felt bad for our server because she did an excellent job,but her managers were  loudly barkimg orders at her'and everyone else there.geesh! Glad I don't work there. Id probally come back for pizza sometime,but don't like to frequent establishments tjat treat their workers  poorly so  I doubt i'd become a regular.
1	Although the food was good after waiting 50 minutes after ordering to get it to our table, at this point I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. The mango peach tea was awful, the service may have been faster if they were in a coma...unbelievable. I also did not approve of having UFC fighting on almost all of the TVs. Not my idea of entertainment watch two guys beat the hell out of each other. But considering they just opened and I understand there are some bugs to work out, I will consider going back one last time to if see anything improves. If not, I wouldn't miss the place.
1	Decided to give it a 2nd chance after a terrible grand opening with long wait times for food and then not getting some of the food we ordered.Well, 2nd time is even worse than the first!  Over an hour to get food after ordering and when the food came the wings were less then Native quality.  Beyond small, barely warm, and rubbery like they had been sitting.  Never saw a manager once or I would have let him/her know without sugar coating it this time how I just wasted $50.xx and listened to my kids gripe about being hungry for over an hour until the food came out.There are much better options for wings where the service and food quality is not this poor.- 1 Star just because at least my iced tea was decent!
4	I just tried the Native New Yorker for the first time and thought it was pretty good pizza. It doesn't quite rank up there with the best, but definitely good nonetheless. The wings are also as good as you would expect and the service is not bad either. I found the prices to be quite reasonable, which pleases me and is definitely something that will encourage to come back for more.
3	Great happy hour items and prices! Fast and friendly staff too!Favorites were: fried zucchini, curly fries, honey hot wings,  asian  garlic wings, mandarin orange wings, onion rings. Asiago Parmesan wings were okay, probably wouldn't get them again though. Not so favorites: Strawberry hot wings (too sweet), Salt and pepper wings (way too much salt!), mozarella sticks. I like that they serve everything on metal plates, even if you get one or two of each flavor... but it does take up a lot of table space. Will be back to try more items!
1	Food was good but service was not that great. Went late on a sunday night. Lots of wait staff around but being the only table on the dinig side we got ignored. The person who was our waitress was over on the bar side except to bring our food. Brought our check and it took her 15 minutes to come back and it.
1	Native New Yorker is a fitting name as it smells like New York, on trash day, in August. There was a strong rotten egg smell wafting through the place every few minutes during our visit, and not one staff member mentioned or apologized for it. Also consistent with New York was the terrible service. We sat at the bar and it took FOREVER to get a second beer from the bartender. He was busy flirting with some middle aged soccer moms for so long that we had to yell and stop him to get a second drink. He didn't deserve the tip we gave him. Food was bland and mediocre at best, and we won't be back.
1	Would never go here again. Service we terrible waited forever for our drinks and food and there was no one in there. The bathrooms were so nasty and smelled. Never again!!!!
2	We went here on a Thursday night. It was busy in both the bar and the dining room. The service was attentive, but the food was terrible. The water, too.The water was absolutely disgusting. We know Phoenix's water is gross, but there is something extra specially disgusting in the water in that neighborhood. For a restaurant to serve water that bad leaves me speechless. I started with a side salad. It was a bed of lettuce and some grated cheese. For $8, I expected more. Onion or tomato, maybe? A mushroom? I ordered the Chicken Alfredo. I was completely perplexed by my dish. The first thing I noticed was that it looked like it had sat under the lamps too long. But we ordered it 5 or 6 minute prior. The dish was hot, but the top of the food was lukewarm. Under the film that had developed on the top of the lukewarm-ish-ness of the dish it was warm, but not hot. Again, it was perplexing. It looked like the Costco Chicken Parmesan was served on my plate, but it wasn't as good. It was bland, and flat, and had no flavor. My gf ordered the Fish & Chips. She said that they were "mediocre". The fish was average, and bland. The breading was bland, and too greasy. Nothing at all like the Fish & Chips at Four Peaks. I had a bite of the Cole Slaw, and liked it, though.My gf's son ordered the mini burgers from the Kids' Menu. When I looked at the burger, it looked like something was amiss. I opened the bun, and looked at the burger. The cheese looked like the burger had been cooled, and re-heated. It was gross. The burger was like a rock. Bland. Overcooked. No texture. No condiments with the burger. He's 6, but even he knows that a burger should have some condiments with it. He ate 2 bites, and gave me the, "Really? Do I have to eat this?" look. The only reason this place is a 2 is because we were in a hurry, and they worked to accomodate our schedule. I wouldn't even call the service particularly "GOOD", it was good enough to get us in and out in a timely fashion. A decent family restaurant in the West Valley still eludes us. It's a shame that there are so many lazy, uninspired, unmotivated chefs in the industry. Are they even Chefs at this level, or do the owners throw a hodge podge of illegals into the back and call it good? We will not go back.
5	Love this place. Wings delisc. Staff friendly n great service.  Love sitting at bar where windows open.
5	great food, great service
5	THE BEST HOT WINGS!  Wings do not get better than Native New Yorker!  The honey hot are awesome and the hot buffalo is great as well!  Great service, cold beer, good food.  The patio area is nice too!  It's nice to seat at the bar near sun set when they have the big garage doors open.  Cool place.
4	Great atmosphere and food! Excellent apple walnut salad chicken pot pie.  This is our first time and we'll definitely come back again!
2	Two stars, mainly for really attentive service from a friendly staff.We ordered boneless honey barbecue wings, a favorite of ours for years from other Native New Yorker locations. They were barely warm, had a really unappealing texture and the sauce was almost flavorless...definitely not what we were used to and have looked forward to over the years.
2	A bit disappointed in this weekend's visit. I've eaten at NNY for quite a few years, and after an afternoon of furniture shopping, and surrounded by the bit "Mall" restaurants, I was pleased to see NNY, so my wife and I went in. We sat ourselves and a waitress came by a few minutes later to see if we had been helped. She didn't know what beer they had on draft, odd, since half of what you sell is probably beer, and when my wife asked a question about a mixed drink she wasn't sure. I ordered the House Calzone, sausage, pepperoni, ricotta, mozzarella, and marinara sauce. My wife ordered the apple walnut salad with chicken on top and the dressing on the side.The waitress came by to see if we wanted another drink. The blue drink my wife ordered was too sweet for her to drink another, so the waitress suggested the green drink on the opposite page. (East and West Coast, but I can't recall which was which.) The green one has sweet and sour mix in it, which gives my wife indigestion when it's the main component of something like a margarita, so she asked the waitress how much sweet and sour was in there. She didn't know, and headed off to the bar to find out.The manager showed up with the food shortly after that and we asked her. She said they could leave the sweet and sour out, so my wife said that would be fine. She asked if there was any dressing, as it was supposed to be on the side. The kitchen had tossed it in with the salad. It was a very light vinaigrette, so she was okay with it. The manager left to put in the drink order and my wife noticed that her salad was missing chicken. She's watching me eat my calzone, attempting to get the attention of the waitress. She finally came over and threw the cooks under the bus: "I put the order in right, they messed it up." She went to get the chicken. And my wife watched me eat.For a pizza and wings place, the calzone was marginal. It didn't seem to have very much in it. I didn't detect any ricotta cheese, but was surprised by a lot of diced green peppers, which are supposed to go in the veggie calzone. Not my favorite, but I ate them. While my wife watched. Eventually, her green drink came, as did a plate of sliced chicken breasts, which appeared to be straight from the microwave. Although they appeared to have grill marks, it didn't taste like they had been anywhere near a grill. My wife said it tasted like boiled chicken, unseasoned, and totally unpleasant on the salad. We go to Oregano's a lot, and their chicken marinade complements the flavor of the salad. This seemed like an afterthought.Then manager was very gracious about the whole thing. She took my wife's salad off the bill, as well as one of my beers.I might go back if we're in that area in a few months, just to see if it's improved. If so, I'll probably stick to the wings.
3	New at this location. Grand opening.  We chose to sit on the patio as there was a wait inside. A little warm for the first 30 min then got very nice. Service on the patio was a little slow but this we expected. MY WIfe got the fish special. Her meal was good. Not greasy as fish fried can get. Batter was pretty thick but the fish was a nice size piece. I got the Cobb Salad. It could of been a very good salad. The ingredients were as the most part excellent. The bad. The lettuce was limp. Not crispy as it should be. The avocado was just mush. I do not understand a chef serving limp lettuce and mushy avocado. When the salad was being prepared it was obvious that these items were not fresh.  I did eat the salad and it was not bad it just was not what it should or could of been. I will probably try them again. We did have a desert. The apple tart with ice cream. This was very good. The reason I gave them a 3 and not a 2 was the waitress. She was extremely helpful and friendly.
3	Always wanted to try Native New Yorker, was in the area and the wife and I decided to try it out. Now Native New Yorker is your typical sports bar, so we came here not having any high hopes for this place. I had their philly cheese steak, wife had their cheeseburger. We also wanted to try their pizza. I was real happy with their philly cheese steak, they were not shy with the meat. Everything was well seasoned and had a good amount of cheese and peppers. I was very satisfied with my sandwich. Wife was very happy with her burger, a little to big for her, but she had no problem putting it away. We both shared a slice of pizza, well lets just say we could have had a better pizza from our freezer. I asked them to cook it well done, we like our pizza crispy. That didn't get done, pizza was not that great, their sauce was just bland. Over all this place is OK, I mean really what do you expect from a sports bar chain? Would I ever come back? Yea, why not.
2	A big letdown. I have been to the Ahwatukee location a handful of times and have had decent experiences. There was nothing decent about this experience. First, we arrived at about 635p and happy hour ends at 7. We did not anticipate getting there in time for happy hour, but we were so that was a bonus in my mind. However, the hostess said there would be a wait even though there were 2 empty tables and one empty booth within sight. After waiting for about 10 minutes, we were just about to ask what was wrong with the empty tables when she sat us at the very booth that had been sitting empty the whole time we were waiting. WTH?The waitress asked for our drink order and my old lady asked if it was still happy hour prices, and the waitress said "if it is before 7". WTF? The answer is a yes or no. I checked my phone and said it was 650p, so is that yes?  Then I asked if they had Guinness on draft, since there were HH prices on import drafts. She said "yes, but there's no specials on Guinness". "What about this list of HH prices?"  "We don't do those anymore."  "So none of these prices are valid?"  "Let me check"As for the food, yawn. The wings were not nearly as good as what I have gotten at the Ahwatukee location. The Guinness did taste good though.  The old lady got a skinny Rita which was also a HH special, but they overcharged us for it. By that point, I was so sick of the servers attitude, I just paid it and took the difference out of her tip.Needless to say, the next time we are looking for wings in this area, someone else is getting our business.
2	On our second visit we waited about 10 minuets to be seated. Not because the restaurant was busy but because there was no on at the dest to seat us. I had find someone. The bar seemed to be full but very few in the restaurant side. It seems like the focus on the bar side. The food was good and if it was not for the poor service I would probably eat there occasionally. But there are many restaurants in this area that the service is much better.
2	New menu this week- price changes and gone are the great chicken wing specials on Thursdays! I went for lunch, ordered my wings and was surprised by the check...no more wing discounts on Thursdays...of course my bartender failed to mention the changes....she just shrugged and said I'm sorry...
2	Went on a Friday night.  Ambience is kind of different.  I was expecting dark, with lots of TVs.  Instead it's quite light, with a fair amount of TVs.  More like a breakfast vibe.  Not that there's anything wrong with the ambience, just........different. Ordered their roast beef sandwich with au jus.  Wife had burger.  Food was really boring.  Sandwich was roast beef, a top bun and a bottom bun.  And fries.  No garnish, no lettuce, not even the traditional parsley sprig.  Bare bones presentation.  Same with the burger.  Pattie, buns, and fries.  Server was quite attentive, no problem there.  This place is just........boring.   Not worth the money.
3	Good wings (as long as they don't over salt them as that happened to me the first time I visited)  Good fries, cold beer and foot ball on every screen = a very content woman and a guy who is calm! The woman's bathroom however leaves something to be desired however I really had to go. It was disgusting to say the least. However the waitstaff gets a 5 stars and everything else is about 2.5 ish.
1	It doesn't deserve the one star, but that is the lowest star rating available to leave a rating.When we complained to the manager on duty and told him I wished that I had read all of the other yelp comments before coming here - he stayed that people only leave bad comments as a general rule and never leave good comments???????They did remove the pizza from our table that was the worst pizza ever made (no sauce, no cheese and only a handful of pepperoni) and did take it off our bill with apologies, did not have them remake as it was so bad!!!!!!!!Do not recommend for main course food...On a positive side, the chicken wings were awesome and the waitress was good and the manager did give is a free entree if we ever returned - we won't!!!!!!
4	Really great wings, the staff is super friendly, especially Jake behind the bar. The only complaint i have is that its a little pricey.  I would go back, in fact i go there quite often.
5	We came in with a very large party 40+ people and our server Paige and the manager rocked!  They were so friendly and patient with our chaos, we would highly recommend them.  Food was yummy too.
2	Mediocre food and mediocre service =a big pass in by at this place.  In our group of two adults and two children food was lemon lemon lemon.  We all lost.  I ordered the speciality buffalo chicken pizza but my chicken did a disappearing act because it was not there.  One of the kid had chicken strips but the chicken looked like it was electrocuted on a fence or something.  We had to ask for beverage refills.  My side salad looked dumped out of a bag.  Cheese also looked byproduct like.  To top it off the price was not too nice.  New Yorkers would not be proud of this Native...
5	Awesome boneless wings, great happy hour, our bartender Jake was super friendly and gave us awesome service
2	We went here today for lunch because we were craving the wings. We ordered a salad, pizza and a few different types of wings. We were told the wings would be up first, which we wanted. Well, we waited and waited and waited and finally our salad and pizza arrived, but no wings. We were told that they were short staffed and it would be a little longer for the wings... we ate the salad and pizza and waited and waited...meanwhile, the waitress filled our ice tea and spilled a big puddle on the table which she just left on the table....we were about ready to cancel our wing order and leave and finally they arrived. The food was good, but the customer service and wait time was horrible! I will think twice before I go here again.
5	Great service from Alix! My friends and I love that they have Barking Squirrel on tap! Make sure you come see Alix! She is great! Again her name is Alix! She is very very pleasant.
4	Decent wings with plenty of sauce choices, cold beer, and lots of high def tv's in the sports bar : ) Staff is very friendly.
2	My in-laws are in town from CA and they loved Native New Yorker in Gilbert, so we thought we would give it a try out here in Glendale.  I really cannot believe the prices for the items on the menu.  79cents per wing? Wow, i missed the bump from 50cents to the 60cent range i guess.  I also noticed the skyscraper burger is almost $12......that is just nonsense.  I pointed this out to my in-laws cause i noticed that Red Robin also did the same thing.  They raised their prices and love to send out artistic meals on fancy plates, but the portions are smaller and taste is not up to par with the price.  Sure enough, my father-in-law ordered a caeser salad and it came out looking nice, but he said it was the worst caeser ever.  It looked fancy....LOL.  My wife ordered a reuben, but when it came to the table, it barely had anything on it.  It was actually sent back to the kitchen and returned later in much better condition.  I ordered a pound of boneless honey hot and they were really good....could of had another pound, but for $10....no way!  Overall, the food is not worth the price.  I don't like the direction they have gone.  Improve the quality of the food if you are going to jack up the prices and serve it on new fancy plates.  I will be back, but that is because my in-laws won't give up on it and they will pay the bill for it.  If i am not with them, forget it.....my hard earned dollars will find a better deal.
1	Went in for wings around 2pm. Place was pretty busy but that was expected as the World Cup was on. I knew this would be a bad experience as there was no one at the front counter and several tables were still covered in dishes. Waited at the unattended hostess station for about 5 minutes before we were greeted.  Waited another 5-10 minutes for the server to come to our table. Wings came out relatively quickly, probably because they were sitting under a heat lamp. They were not hot, but slightly warm. Waitress took our plates plates when we were done eating (yay!) but didn't return for another 5+ minutes. We were clearly done, should have brought us our check. After being given the check, she disappeared for another 5-10 minutes before taking the payment. 5 minutes later she returned with our change (lots of 5 min+ waits). I get that it was busy but have more than 3 people on staff for a day that will probably be pretty busy. Oh and several toilets were out of order and trash cans were overflowing.
3	I decided to come back since hubby wanted wings. The food and service was much better! However, the ladies bathroom was beyond disgusting! We arrived at 5pm on a Wednesday so it wasn't like a busy night. Very very dirty floors, unflushed toilets, over flowing trash in all stalls, NO toilet paper!!! When I told the bar tender she just said "oh, ok".... Like she didn't care... I bet it's still not clean.....
2	Came for lunch and had an adult beverage with the wings & salad special. As soon as I got to the bar, I could smell the bar. Seriously gross so I moved to the far end of the bar and still smelled. Similar to moldy wet rags/water. Definitely needs a good cleaning (bleach!)! The wings were fine, the house salad - supposed to be super simple - it was alright, wasn't a fan of the oregano seasoning on it, but ate it because I was hungry. Service was great - she was on top of it. The smell is what had me questioning the cleanliness of my cups & counter.
1	I went in for some wings on the Tuesday special.  When i went to the bar to order the waitress gave me my bill and it seemed high so i asked how much were the wings and i thought it was .35 cents today, she stated that the .35 is dine in only and you have to purchase a drink.  I stated that I had ordered wings from the bar before on Tuesday and the price was only .35 and i didn't have to purchase a drink.  She stated that some of the wait staff may have done that before but the policy was dine-in only and i'm only doing what i was told to do.  To make it so bad this same waitress was the same person who had taken my order before and gave it to me at the .35 cent price.  I asked to speak with the manager.  When the General Manager came over i explained about the inconsistent practices and she peered at me like a deer in the headlights.  The other stupid thing she mentioned is that if i had decided to eat in they would only box up so many wings...so that means if i ordered 20 wings and only ate 6 they would only box up 8 (for example)of them and i'd have to throw the other 6 out or eat them... that is the dumbest thing i have ever heard.  I told her i wouldn't be back, I'd go to BW3 or someplace that don't have these ridiculous rules over some wings... smh.  I won't be back....  btw the wings weren't good.  The parmesan wings had no flavor what's so ever, all the wings were small...would have been better off at BW3
1	Worst  chicken nachos app i ever tasted so small chicken had no flavor came out cold i couldn't even eat two bits...took forever and it came with the food which is a no no ....then the pizza we order was naste felt like a frozen pizza and i order two different types  of wings the asian wing were the worst and i sent them back and got the mild and i sent those back and said i think your chef just cant cook...never will i go back but the one star is for manger lady was great about taking it off the bill and so nice so she was great but food sucks worse then a dirty biker bar food ...
1	So disappointing. I normally love Native but our server Brittany was so rude to my family. She was very inattentive and I got one refill the entire time we were there. We plan on coming back but not if she's serving. We had to wait to be sat because most of the tables had dishes on them. Food was great, just unhappy wth the server.
1	Very disappointing and a huge letdown. Service was like a snail, tables were dirty, and the wings were worse than the ones I've had in my freezer for 2 years. I usually don't write reviews but I have to warn people about this because it is very disappointing to say the least. If you have a choice- go somewhere else!
1	Horrible place. The service sucks!! The wings are not even that good. We tried all the sauces and they sucked! They tasted like they came out of a jar. I do not recommend for foodies. Just like a chain. Two thumbs down!
2	My father ordered a salad. First the lettuce was wilted, then there was no chicken. When the chicken finally arrived it was spoiled and smelt terrible. They were very mindful of the whole situation and took the salad off our bill. Just don't order a salad.
1	Yelp needs to add zeros or negative numbers.  Service was horrendous.  We waited almost an hour for a dozen wings; all with a server who couldn't serve and couldn't multi-task.  We ended up getting up and walking out so thanks for the free beer! One can change the menu, change the look and the name; but all in all its still a $hitty bar with even worse service.  Go down the road to Rock Bottom or Red Lobster for better service and better food.
1	I wish they have zero, it was my worst experience ever, two thumbs down for this one, I had to wait a long time, finally I was told that I have to get 4 sauces for the order of 24 wings, I said that I wanted 5, the waiter obviously was pissed and came back to tell me that his manager said we can do only two!!! I asked why, he said the kitchen is packed, and that's of course after the long wait, the service was very poor, after arguing with the waiter I had to cancel, he didn't even apologize or anything, just ran and this time he was fast, brought me the bill in which I was charged for the coke!!!!!! There is just a lot of stress that happened, I can't list all the details, bottom line,, DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!
1	I love native ' s wings!!!!The place was not that busy but after waiting around for quite some time without being recognized, we had to seat ourselves and wait a while longer to be greeted and receive menus. Today the customer service was horrible!  We came in less than 10 minutes before happy hour and the waitress ASHLEY acted as tho we couldn't place an order at all before happy hour, half of our order wasn't even apart of the 3pm discounted items.She shorted me on my change and over charged me on my order. A person who was with me overheard her gossiping about the inconvenience for having to reprint my receipt and take our order before 3pm.  We all left irritated!But the Honey Hot wings are Bomb.com. they came out fresh and saucy!
2	Visited this past Friday for lunch because I love their honey hots wings. Service was prompt as usual but the wings were disappointing. The SIZE of the wings were minuscule- probably 1/2 their normal size-.. I mentioned it to the female manager who acknowledged that they were working with the supplier but she did nothing else...no comps, no discount etc....I find that unacceptable.
1	Sorry Native but you let me down. My sliders had too much bread and not enough burger. My friend, who had a seed allergy,  specifically asked for no tomato,  and yet there were seeds because the message was not received. Service was a little slow as well and it wasn't crowded....
4	Wings were great, service could be a little better.
