3	A very comfortable, simple place to crash for a night.  You access the rooms from the building interior, so it's more secure.  The mattresses and pillows are fairly hard, so they seem pretty up to date.  Not right near campus, but you can get there in about 15 minutes.  Best bang for the buck.
2	It's passable. Just don't try calling the front desk. Service here is good when you can find the people or they're not on the phone. On the cell phone, with their friend, that is. -1.The rooms were pretty small, but they got the job done. They were in the middle of remodeling, and I think we still had an unremodeled room. I say this because the beds were noticeably softer in another room that we had than the one I stayed in. -1There was a sick stain on one of the box springs, it looked like blood. -1.Plenty of parking, close enough to campus, easy access from I-74.
5	Comfortable beds, working tv, breakfast with waffles... Convenient... What more could you ask for? Note that the bathroom was tiny with one of those sliding doors, and the cabinet/desk the tv was on was scratched to death- the child commented. would definitely need to ask for a handicap room if you needed access to a larger bathroom. just FYI. but clean sheets, more than enough towels, the blow dryer worked... it was fine for an overnight.
4	Great value, friendly staff. Arrived here in the middle of a New Year's Day snowstorm, unable to continue on to Chicago. Was greeted by very helpful female clerk who printed out a list of restaurants that would deliver that night. Breakfast included warm items and was well stocked. Room was clean and comfortable.
1	Bad experience and service.  I made a reservation here that I needed to cancel.  I cancelled it more than 5 months before I was supposed to stay and they charged my credit card saying I was a no show.  I emailed the hotel 3 times and got no response at all.  I called and talked to someone who said they have no record of me canceling.  When I asked to talk to a manager the girl on the phone said the manager Cassie would call me back.  Never got a call.  I called their corporate office to try and resolve this but I think I will have to end up disputing the charge on my credit card.  What a pain!
4	We have stayed at this particular Sleep Inn for a couple years now, and will continue anytime we visit our daughter at U of I.  The staff has always been very friendly & helpful, and it's a wonderful option if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel for a night or two.  Nothing fancy...just a clean & comfortable room, nice breakfast, and easy access to the University & highway.  I highly recommend this location for these reasons.
