4	I give Wendy's a higher star because there are no Wendy's in the QC, so I have to drive to find one - and Wendy's was my grandmother's favorite burger joint, so I do like it too. I approached the counter and placed my order with the cashier while images of Ryan C.'s advice on picking up fast food workers for wild passionate times ran through my head. But I refocused and ordered from the dollar menu. A burger, small fries and a medium frosty completed my order. I have to add the Wendy's Frosty to my list of happy finishes because really, is there anything better, at least at a fast food restaurant than a Frosty? not counting Ryan C.'s comments, that is....but I digress...the cashier asked me 'what flavor?" - Excuse me? There is only one true flavor of Frosty and that is the original chocolate Frosty. The others are like inbred cousins. Although I am Vanilla Heat, I do not want a vanilla Frosty. I do not want some odd swirl, something with toffee chips or weak attempts at impersonating a Blizzard. Give me the chocolate Frosty...and yes, I do want fries with that. I had not really tried it, but I was thinking of a conversation with my friend a few months ago where she indicating she liked dipping fries in her Frosty. I was daring and gave it a shot. Yes, ladies - I am hip, spontaneous and daring. Call me...to my surprise, it was not bad. I am sure I will stick my fry into the Frosty again in the future. Thanks to my friend for the suggestion...
4	This Wendy's is actually a pretty nice location and they have great service. Of all the Wendy's, that I have been to this location seems to take their time with your order. They smile when they speak to you and they always ask if there is anything else they can do for you. It's rare to see good customer service at a fast food location these days. The inside seating is clean and smells fresh. If you're looking to eat fast food but still stay on the health side, I would always recommend Wendy's since they have substitutions for fries and a good number of choices for salads. They definitely fit in with the rest of the Chandler establishments as well.
1	Constantly getting orders wrong at the drive thru and constantly forgetting things in my children's kids meals and today they only put 3 chicken nuggets in my son's meal also giving me a cold old bun for my burger and forget to give me my drinks and then the lady at the window looked at me very dumb founded asking me what I wanted even though the drinks were right next to her... always check your food and I guess count it :/ and might I add trying to take your change back and closing the register then having to help them with math because they don't know what change to give you
