5	Todd was great! He came out within 2 hours of my call. He explained everything clearly and was very professional. Excellent experience! Thanks, Todd.
5	My retired parents needed a new AC unit and when calling around found Black Mountain Air to be competitive with name brands.  Came out the same day and replaced the unit.  Todd was also able to help out with payment terms.  Very personable and professional.
5	My AC Unit died on me. I called one company that never showed up. The next day I found Black Mountain Air. Todd showed up when promised. Impressive! He diagnosed and fixed the problem, which was that the blower motor had gone out. It is a old unit. I was completely satisfied with everything. Great work! Thanks!!
5	THANK YOU YELP! I called Black Mountain Air because of the reviews on Yelp! I was not let down. My heater for downstairs was not working and as you know it is COLD! Visions of a huge bill and being gouged were dancing in my head because of how cold it was. They said they would be to my house around 4pm... They showed up RIGHT ON TIME! Already I like them. I kid you not... By 4:12 My heater was working again and he was out the door. Fair Price Great service will recommend to any one.Thank you very much! I think it took me longer to write this review than to get my heater working.
5	It's not often that I want to write a glowing review.  Woke up last week when the temps were in the mid 20's with the air handler blowing and no heat.  After trying to figure it out myself (again) I searched yelp and called another highly rated service, but got no answer and left a message.  I then gave Black Mountain Air a call at 8:15 in the morning.  At  8:20 I got a return call from Todd who came out within 30 min..  At 9:15 the system was blowing hot again!!!  It was something simple and Todd could have easily said it was something more and I wouldn't have known the difference.  But he didn't and the call was less than $60.That's pretty darn good for the middle of a cold snap here.  ...BTW, the first company I called...STILL hasn't returned my call.
5	I contacted Black Mountain Air because of the GREAT reviews mentioned on YELP. This company is solid. Todd came over to check out our vent and air conditioning system after I was quoted thousands$$$ of repairs needed to be done ( I will not mention the competitors name) I called upon Black Mountain to give me a second opinion. At no charge, Todd found nothing wrong and was not selling me on product I didn't need. I told him what the competitor told me and he laughed. Simply put, he said to just call me when something goes wrong. Beware of the companies out there  that will upsell you airconditioning units and services you don't need. Look to Black Mountain as your "Go to" company as they are honest and solution oriented.
1	I had read all reviews on Black Mtn. Air,almost all positive, before I called them when my air condition stopped blowing cold,I turned the system off ,they came and checked the unit outside, couldn't find anything wrong,we turned it back on and it blew cold.Go figure? He said call back if the problem occurs again,no second charge for the service call,fair enough.It did 1 week later,he came and did the same thing,only this time he  charged the system which made no difference!.Then he went in the attic and said it must be a problem with the TXV valve but the part was not on his truck anyway,he said he had to ask someone with more experience to make sure?He said he was sorry and would call me in the morning. Why? They advertise 24 hr service,and shouldn't they have many popular parts in stock at their shop, or at least have a good supply network? He never called next morning,when I called,I was told by the secretary that they couldn't figure what was wrong and would refund my service fee,but how can you run a company and leave someone in 100 degree heat? It is like taking your car to a mechanic, and he says I cant figure out what is wrong with your car,you can come pick it up now.Very dissappointed.
5	Thank you reviewers and thank you yelp!  Our AC unit stopped blowing cold air, even though it was running.  After reading the reviews, I called Black Mountain Air and spoke with Todd.  He was able to come over the same day and quickly diagnosed a problem with the control board.  An hour later, the AC was running smoothly again.  We had been concerned that whoever came out would tell us that we needed a whole new AC unit and were relieved that it was fixable.  He also reconnected a duct that had not been connected (and was cooling our attic instead of the house) and didn't charge us anything additional for that. We would absolutely use them again.
5	Called early morning due to AC being out upon return from vacation and appointment  between 9 - 11 am.  Black Mountain called prior to coming as scheduled.  Quick diagnosis of issue and resolution of problem.  Todd the technician had the AC up and running within in minutes.  No sticker price shock!  Very reasonable cost!  Definitely recommend for others to use.
5	Our downstairs air conditioner stopped working yesterday evening. With outside temps reaching 108 I knew we were in for a rough night. I called a few companies and all of them told me they could not be out for 24 hours! I jumped on Yelp and found Black Mtn. Todd answered my call immediately and said he could be over in an hour. He arrived on time, quickly diagnosed a broken motor and replaced it all under an hour. We slept in a nice cool house all thanks to Black Mountain. I would recommend them to everyone.
5	Amazing service!!!! After working with another company for 5 days with my kids sleeping in the heat,  to get my AC motor fixed and having them give me the run around over on fixing it on warranty  I called Todd because of his reviews. He not only fixed it the same day but when my wife had to work overtime he fit us in later so that we could finally sleep .  I will never use another company!
5	We've had Todd at our house a few times to fix little things. He has always provided us with 110% service at very fair prices. We have recommended him to many of our friends and family, and all have been completely satisfied. Very trustworthy!!!!!!!!!
5	My heat was working intermittently and I needed to get it checked out.  I called Black Mountain and had a technician out to my house within 4 hours.  He fixed the problem quickly and professionally and even charged me $40 less than the estimate he quoted over the phone.  Next time I need heating or AC repair, Black Mountain will be my first call.
5	I am extremely pleased with everyone at Black Mountain Air.  From start to finish they were great.  They responded immediately, and beat everyone's price by $500 at first quote!   They stayed true to the price, and quickly fixed my problem.  I can't thank them enough.  I will always recommend Black mountain air!!
5	I rent locally and when our AC went out they were sent to fix it. The very young man they sent out was SO Professional and fast. He made sure and double checked everything. Was a pleasure to talk with while he worked. I would suggest and recommend them to anyone who needs great, fast and reliable service!! Very thankful and would use again!!
5	Fast and friendly service! I HIGHLY recommend this company.Came home from a long day to find out my upstairs AC unit decided to quit on me in 105+ degree weather. My dad usually fixes everything around the house, but with him being away for the next week I was in desperation mode. I did a little google search and ultimately decided I should probably let a pro handle it. Jumped on yelp and just went down the list and called each company that had a good rating. Every company was booked and wouldn't be able to make it until 2-3 days later.Black Mountain Air was the only company who said they would be able to make it out that day and by the time I called it was already almost 6pm! It only took about an hour for Todd to come by. He was very friendly and very efficient. The whole job only took about 15 minutes if that too. Thank God for Todd! Only regret that I have is that I wish I called them first!I am so appreciative that the workers of this company are willing to go above and beyond for their customers. They deserve more than 5 stars in that they do their job well, but also have awesome customer service.
5	Thank you Todd!!!! We came home today to find our upstairs ac wasn't cooling. This was not a good weekend to have our ac go out with temperatures over 100 degrees.I contacted a couple other ac repair places and the earliest they could come to "diagnose" the problem would be tomorrow.I decided to turn to Yelp and sure enough I found Black Mountain AC with all 5 star reviews. I called and Todd answered. He was professional and fortunately was nearby so he agreed to make a last minute call to see our unit. He was at our house within an hour, diagnosed the problem capicitor that he said seemed to plague a lot of the homeowners he serviced recently. He said he could get the part and quoted us a very reasonable price to which we gladly appreciated. He came back in 30 minutes, fixed it and now we can rest easy tonight.We are so happy and grateful for a fast, reliable ac repair service that's local. We will be contacting Todd again to perform regular ac maintenance. I don't believe in home warranty plans as most of them will usually deny ac claims. I would put my money on an annual ac maintenance plan instead.Stay cool and if you can't because your ac is broken, then call Todd.
5	Woke up this morning with the air out. Found them on Yelp and gave them a call after calling our usual guy who had answering machine. Am so glad we went with Black Mountain! Todd said he could be out by 3 or 4. That was good enough for us, happy to get them out on Sunday. About a half-hour after we made the appt Robert called saying he could be there in about ten minutes and that Todd had gotten backed up. He got here under ten minutes, found the unit had iced up. He had to turn the unit off to thaw. Said it would take about an hour and would be back to check out the unit. An hour later he was back, found the unit low on freon and charged the unit. Now the ac is blowing colder than ever! Robert was honest, professional and friendly! He gave me some great pointers. This is the only ac company I'll ever call! Their prices are very fair!
5	Great service - fast and friendly. My A/C was 29 years old and acting up. Yelped for A/C repair in Henderson and Black Mountain Air was highly recommended. Gave them a call and Todd came by on the way to another call to check it out.  No hard sell or pressure to replace it- it was still working.  Figured replacing it would be best way to go - Todd gave me a quote and two days later he installed a new unit. Would highly recommend Black Mountain A/C in a heartbeat. With a 29 year old unit, I have dealt with a lot of A/C companies - none can compare with Todd and Black Mountain.
5	Excellent service!
4	So two days ago we had our air stop working. The unit is only 7 years old. My wife called Sierra Air and got the run around, they told her it was out warranty after five years but Todd came out right away, check it out, contacted York and found out we had 10 years, I called Sierra back and still got the run around so even after they admitted it was covered, we decided to pay the extra $400 to go worth Black Mountain. If I don't feel I can trust you I will not give you my business. Labor and other parts would have cost us $1000, so we chose to go with Todd.
5	Last night our AC decided to stop working and of course, with my luck, it was almost midnight when no one is open to help us. First thing this morning I Yelped AC repairs and BMA was the first and only place I called, since they were able to come out today. Todd was very helpful and got me an appointment asap. The AC tech was running a little late, but it wasn't a big deal. Levi was very helpful in explaining what and why our AC broke down. Great customer service, nice people and I would recommend anyone to check them out.
5	Everything people are saying about Todd and his air-conditioning services is true! Absolutely the quickest fairest service I've ever had on my air-conditioning for the past 16 years. I would use his services for literally anything in my house if he offered them. People like him in this industry are a rare find. Bravo!
5	My AC stopped working last night and someone from Black Mountain Air was out here by noon today. The condenser was bad and they had the part on hand so within 10 minutes I had a working AC again! There was no pressure for up-sales or unneeded service; he just came out, diagnosed, and fixed the issue. I was completely happy with the service and recommend Black Mountain for anyone in the Henderson area!
4	Robert was a bit late to the appointment time, but given that it was within 3 hrs of my initial call on the same day I called I think they were reliable.  In the future, a quick courtesy call with a revised ETA will go a long way.  Robert was professional. He diagnosed the issue within a short amount of time, even had the replacement part on him to complete the repair.  He offered to build the $60 estimate into the cost of the repair which was plenty reasonable.  I'd recommend their services.  If I get authorization to proceed with the repair, I'll update this post.
