3	Dang this place was hard to find on Yelp. My friends and I came here on a break from studying after all agreeing on chinese. Tasty Asian worked out pretty well. We had walked out of some place called Chop Chop that was a blatant Panda Express rip-off, and this was the next place that we could find.I had the honey walnut shrimp which turned out to be way more fried than the waitress led me to believe (nice sale, lady!) The hot and sour soup was pretty good, and my buddy's kung-pow chicken/shrimp/beef was spicy enough to clear the sinuses. nice. Overall the atmosphere was a little dingy, and most of the people that were coming in were getting their food for take-out. It is very close to the rental house though, and they do deliver, so for the next round of classes I'm sure we'll be using them for our late night benders.. er, i mean study sessions.Oh, they're not just chinese.. their menu says that they're Asian: Chinese/Japanese/Thai ..  I'll try their curry next round.
3	It is an eat in restaurant while there seems to be a lot of take out. They do take your order at the table and use real solid plates and utensils. The people working here are always nice and happy to see you. We have been customers since it opened, not regularly as in weekly or even monthly. The food is truly hit and miss. More often than not it is fine for a meal one is not expecting to be spectacular. The heat level in some dishes varies greatly with each visit. It has been barely noticeable to unbearably hot. But we do go back every now and again so it must be ok overall.
3	the destiny that brought us to the place was that my hubby n i finally gave up on our hunt for KFC, which he loves dearly.  so, we decided to go for chinese.  we hit the restaurant chop, chop first and sorry we had to walk out on them bcause nothing they had looked good.  we headed over to this place across the street and was glad we entered.  we were glad to see that they do have the real utensils to serve us.  the waiter was nice.  we actually walked in an hour early before they open.  the waiter was cool to let us in because we were starving.  we had gyozas n california rolls, which were good, but then these r the items u can't screw up.  my husband n i decided to try the walnut chicken, boy, it needed more work to make it super good.  the flavor was good, but it was the texture that we didn't like.  it was kind of soggy.  what they should have done was give the chicken a dip in the fryer then bread it n refry it.  that way the chicken doesn't come out soggy.   anyhoo, we ate up as much as we could handle the dish.  the dish is the alternative dish for walnut shrimp.  if u could eat shellfish, i would recommend this one.  otherwise try telling them to do what i suggest on the chicken.  our experience was cool.  the waiter was really putting the effort to provide good service, although it was kind difficult to understand him.
3	Being in the area I decided to have lunch here. It has been a while since we or I have been here. I am not sure if the same folks operate this place I did not recognise anyone. Yet they were friendly and quick to serve. I do not remember the TV in the corner. It might have always been here but never noticed it. I did today. there was a soap opera on, bad choice if you ask me as soap operas are nothing but moaning and groaning with a fair amount of fighting. Today some woman was screaming about losing her child. Not a happy subject for me. But even if they were showing something I would want to watch, I would not want to watch because I do not like TVs in restaurants. Soft music please...... I ordered pork egg foo yung. I do not know why since I never order pork. To me this version was very odd. I have always remembered sprouts being a part of this dish, one reason I like it. This was more like a turkey stuffing pattie, the consistency of it not the taste with pieces of pork on top and covered in a brown sauce. The actual taste was fine, but I just could not take the consistency so I left most of it. I still think the food here is just fine over all.
3	I find that the food here is somewhat inconsistent. Sometimes it's amazing and I want to come back the very next day (and sometimes I do!) but other times I swear that I'll never go back (although I always do - mainly because of a wonderful man who works there and who makes every guest feel like his favorite!). The last time I ordered General Tso's chicken on a Sunday afternoon and it tasted like the chicken had been lying around for about a month. It was so hard I had to cut it with a knife and had a stomach ache for the rest of the day. Atmosphere leaves quite a bit to be desired, so I generally order take-out.
4	Love the Spicy Egplant with Garlic Sauce.  I would like it to be spicier though.  The duck is also very yummy!
2	This place was awful. Took my two children there and when we walked in around 7, it was empty and freezing cold. We each ordered an entree, but one came out completely wrong. So, 20 minutes later, it arrives again and none of the food is remarkable. Some of it is just plain bad. Tasteless, and the dinners are pricey. This is a shame as it is the only Asian sit down place in the neighborhood. Save yourself the bother and drive a little to Beijing at Litchfield and Indian School. Much better in very category!
4	Okay, I think many are being somewhat harsh in their review, but it's a free country and we know what they say about opinions.  Firstly I've been all over this globe, eaten in many different countries and cuisine.  The best Chinese I've ever eaten was in England but I have to say this restaurant does a fine job and every dish I've ordered was flavorful, fresh and as their name advertises "Tasty."  Often the food you eat differs due to regional differences in cooking technique, spicing and family tradition.  The quality of the beef, shrimp, chicken and vegetables are top notch.  Appetizers are just as good and appear made on site.  The wait staff go out of their way to ensure you're happy with keeping your drinks topped up and any additional needs you may have.  In my own experience, they recognize me as having eaten here multiple times,  always welcome us with a warm smile, heck they even pause to learn a little about their customer.  With so many mediocre Chinese joint's and buffet's out there, the family style dinning here may seem expensive to those used to grazing on the endless buffet and may lead to feeling like it's expensive... You often get what you pay for.  So they may not please everyone, but I'd give this place a try, especially at lunch if you're looking for value!!!
3	Very tasty and portions were large enough that we took enough leftovers home for lunch the next day for 3 people.  We have found very few non-chain restaurants even worth eating at in this area, so the 3 star rating  is well-earned.  Hard to give it four stars since I would still consider it in the "cheap Chinese food" category and other aspects of the restaurant experience kind of lacking.  We had the lettuce wrap appetizer (was good and almost spoiled the rest of my dinner eating it), Generals Tsao's chicken, kung pao chicken, and chicken chow mein (crunchy not noodle).   We would get any of them again anytime in the mood for casual Chinese food that we could count on for being enjoyable.
2	It's just ok... Huge portions tho... I hate to say it but panda express has more flavor..
2	Food 4.5 starsService 1 starWhen I'm sick, I crave their house/combo wonton soup.  When I'm not sick, I crave their house/combo wonton soup.  It is probably one of the most delicious soups I've ever eaten, containing decent sized shrimp (probably 26-30's), chicken, beef, pork and an array of delicious veggies (baby corn, carrots, mushrooms, snow peas, cabbage) in a nicely seasoned broth with homemade dumplings.Over the years, we've enjoyed several dishes from there, usually getting take out.  Our favorites included the beef with broccoli, kung pao shrimp and Tasty's lo mein.After our experience on Christmas Day, we will never return.  After doing some volunteer work in the morning, we returned home and had some antipasti with my parents for a late lunch.  Later that night, around 7, we decided we were hungry, and given the holiday, figured Tasty's would be open.  We called in our order, mentioned that we had a coupon, the gentleman who took the order said "OK, bring coupon with you".  OK, that's their standard policy that we're used to, having been repeat customers for several years.  When my husband arrived to pick up our order, he gave the coupon to the gentleman at the register.  Another woman came up and barked "No coupon on holiday".   Nothing on the coupon stated it would not be valid on a holiday, and the one man told us over the phone we could use the coupon.  My husband very politely paid the full bill, not wanting to argue on Christmas Day over $5.  He returned home, related the story to me and we decided that Tasty Asian Kitchen should enjoy that extra $5 from us because we do not plan on returning there again.
5	Awesome orange chicken!! Huge servings!!
5	I go here all the time. The menu is large and the food is great. Portions are big. Be careful though, because the woman who runs the place doesn't speak English very well and you might be up-sold without even realizing it. Just don't nod and agree with anything unless you understand it.
4	Excellent food.  Very friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere.  The service was quick and crisp, and the food was delicious.
1	They don't honor their Restaurant.com gift certificates and treated me like I was a thief trying to steal from them for coming in with one.  I think it's downright unethical to put coupons out there to bring new customers in to your restaurant only to refuse to honor the coupon or try to change the terms of it once they get you in the door.  I won't ever go back.Here's what happened:I bought a $5 off certificate from Restaurant.com with some credits my husband had been given from his employer.  The website and printed certificate both stated that you had to make a minimum purchase of $10 in order to use the $5 gift certificate.  So I drove (out of my way) to try this place with my coupon.  I waited to be seated.  I waited for my server to come by to take my order.  I presented my coupon and the young waitress held up one finger and said "Just a moment," so I waited some more.  She went and got an older lady, maybe the owner or manager?  This woman informed me in a rather stern, almost scolding voice that I would have to come back with friends if I wanted to use my $5 certificate.  My father is in the restaurant business so I understand that they don't make much money if everyone structures their order to order exactly $10 of food, so I pointed out that I would be ordering a $9 entree, plus a drink and maybe dessert.  "We don't have any dessert," she barked at me, accusingly, as if I had been lying to her.  How the heck was I supposed to know they don't have any desserts?The conversation continued, with me trying to point out that I was happy to comply fully with the terms of the certificate, that I had paid for this coupon (she actually made a disgusted face and asked me "Why you pay for that?") until finally I asked straight out "So, are you telling me that you absolutely will not honor this coupon under the terms I bought it under, and which are printed right on it?"  Her answer?"You go now" pointing to the door!  Unbelievable!  Read Jared W.'s 3/6/2013 review and you tell me if these are ethical people who want to succeed by taking good care of their customers or if they will do anything to make a buck.  Sorry, but every time I see the name of their business, I think someone should change the "T" in "Tasty" to an "N" for "Nasty."
5	This place is amazing!! They give u A LOT of food really cheap. And it's actually good Chinese food. Very hard to find really good Chinese food. And....they offer 10% discount for military...#winning!!!
1	Ended up at Litchfield Park after a business meeting.  Hungry so I pulled into the Basha's parking lot because I saw Tasty Asian Kitchen.  Chinese food?  Yeah I can do that-- I love good chinese food.The operative word is good.  Ordered lunch special of Egg Foo Young that came with egg fried rice, egg roll and soup.  The soup came out in a small bowl that could have accompanied a toddler's tea set.  There were 5 tablespoons of soup in the bowl--literally.  I said to myself:  What do you want, it's a lunch special?  Be nice.  The egg foo young was interesting.  I looked at it a few times until I could see where the egg foo young was.  The egg foo young consisted of two hockey pucks made with egg obviously. T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E.  Pork slices were on top of it with a brown sauce.  Ugh! Then the egg fried rice.  Did someone say egg?  No egg--just a mound of sticky brown rice clearly created by adding soy sauce to overcooked clumped white rice.  Wow, what culinary prowess.  I can't tell you how bad the rice was.  None of it was eaten. The egg roll was fine.  Probably purchased frozen so all they had to do was fry it.  No wonder it was good.  Hubby had chicken with broccoli and it was mediocre at best.  The same egg fried rice in one, brown mound of clump.  None of it was eaten.I felt it was my duty to tell them that the rice was terrible.  They have to try to fix it right??  Silence would have made me an accomplice to the worst egg fried rice I have ever, ever, ever had.  If there were a minus star system, I would have rating them a minus one.  As it is, they get a one star for keeping their doors open and trying to contribute to our failing economy.
3	Was running some errands and decided to get takeout from this place for dinner. The restaurant itself is pretty clean and open. The lady that took my order was very friendly and helpful. She offered me a glass of water which is always nice. I asked what she recommended for a chicken stir fry dish and she said the chicken and vegetables was good. So I ordered that (with additional spice) and duck fried rice. The stir fry was OK, really nothing special. I prefer anything from Panda Express or Pei Wei over it.. But...the duck fried rice was amazing! I'm sure the other fried rice options are amazing as well. I will try another one of their dishes along with an order of their delicious fried rice to make a final verdict.
3	Being Asian, I am a little more critical when rating Asian food.  For me I ordered the beef chop sued which was pretty weak although a generous portion.  The egg rolls are out of a box, as the vegetables inside we're mushy.  I usually will give a restaurant a second chance and will definitely order something different. Until then was just ok at best.
1	The food is great yummy! The service is horrible! They will go at great length to not honor your coupons, and try to find any flaws in the coupons. the lady owner is problaby bi polar on certain visits she will be extremely nice and warm, Then she will be upset on other visits, We would go there an average of once a month maybe twice a month. not anymore, think twice before you go there!  I hate to put people on blast , but they want to be made an example of.
3	So I was on my way home from work and I didn't feel like cooking and was craving Asian food. I was happy to see this place on my way so I decided to stop and check it out. As I walked in I was hit with the smell of stale cigarettes which really made me want to turn around and walk out but I was only ordering to go and it may have been another customer that walked in before me so I headed up to the register area to check out the menu and place my order. I was pleasantly surprised to see that there were many options of different Asian cuisine. I'm a sucker for Thai fried rice so I decided to order that and crab angels (crab puffs). Again I was just ordering take out so when I got home and opened my fried rice I couldn't believe how much was in the container. There was enough for 4 meals!! The crab angels were just ok I have had better. I would really like to give this place more stars simply for the amazing Thai Fried Rice I got, but it was missing the pineapple that I was craving and that it said it had on the menu.I will go back and try this place again and possibly change my review to a 4 or 5.
2	They used to have buy one get one 1/2 off coupons, which was the only reason we ever ate there but when they stopped accepting them we stopped ordering. I would never pay full price for this mediocre at best food. I don't believe the chicken is white meat, after ordering the Mongolian chicken and finding several chewy pieces. If you order breaded/friend chicken meals, they are usually more breading than chicken. They egg rolls are mushy and the crab puffs are so so. The egg drop soup is terrible and smells like wet dog, I wouldn't even taste it! It's average at best.
5	Always on the hunt for some great take-out...Tasty Kitchen is the best I've had!  Tonight I went with General Tso's Chicken, Pork Fried rice and some Hot & Sour soup. The soup was piping hot and super flavorful.  Lots of vegetables and just the right taste.  Not the "usual" bland stuff. Pork Fried rice was great and General Tso's Chicken had the biggest chunks of chicken I've ever had in this dish. It had just the perfect combination of crunchy bite and heat from the sauce. Exactly how it's supposed to be. I'll be back!
3	They have really gone down the past 4 tears or so. Don't waist your time.
5	I love this place. Although, I always order to go but it never fails whatever I order its 15 minutes until pick up. I've eaten inside once and it is VERY clean. My son loves to go inside to see the fish on display Ib the tank. The portions that they provide is very big always room for left overs. The staff is super friendly and although I am a regular they really take the time to get to know their customers.  I usually get the chicken fried rice and orange chicken which is AWESOME! I love their egg drop soup. They also have yummie egg rolls. Coupons on their pamphlets as well as a great 10% military discount.
5	Been coming here for awhile. Great food and OK prices better during lunch check than dinner of course. However saying that the dinner portions are huge. Love this place
2	I stopped after work to place a to go order. I ordered fried rice, California rolls, and noodles that were recommended. I appreciated the plentiful serving sizes and friendly service as I waited. The food was okay. I hoped for more, but did not enjoy my meal. The California rolls were dry and lacked flavor. Maybe it was a bad day for them.
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. The double pan friend noodles are delicious. My favorite dish there is the beef hi fun, dry. those two dishes remind me of my childhood meals made by my mother. The ladies working there are super courteous and they give a military discount. The quality to price contrast is also really good. I want to say the lunch specials are under 7 dollars and the portions are ample.
