5	If you're looking at this review it means that David's Bridal is the last place you would look for a wedding dress. Those polyester and plastic pearl concoctions are panic attack inducing.Anne Gregory is the exact opposite of David's Bridal. Gregory's selection of wedding dresses is to die for and they know  exactly what to chose for you. It's an elegant boutique, and the staff are super close -- and not at all snobby.I told Gregory that I didn't want a princess pom-pom dress, instead preferred something more chic and feminine.  Every dress Gregory chose for me was better than the last. I loved walking out to the row of mirrors, where other women were being fit to their gowns and awed over by family and staff. Gregory understood my budget and helped me find a dress that I absolutely LOVE.Just know that women do help you try the dresses, so don't wear a thong.
5	First, let me say I almost didn't go here, because a friend told me they had closed.  So for anyone who hears that... they have NOT-they used to be in one place in Mt Leb... but they moved down the road!  The new location is so beautiful inside- trying on your dress and coming out to your friends and family in this beautiful shop makes you feel like a princess- it is just like you see on tv shows (much unlike some other local bridal shops I visited, which are basically just a notch up from your normal everyday dressing rooms).  I brought my mom, sister, grandmother and best friend, and there was room for everyone and room for me to walk, twirl, and show off.  :) Now for the dress...  I went in with my own ideas of what I thought I wanted.  Greg brought me a couple of dresses to try on that fit that description.  They were beautiful, but not "the one".  But then he said he had one he wanted me to try that was different than what I said I was looking for. I wasn't keen on that idea, and even after seeing it on the hanger, I didn't think I'd like it at all, nor did my family.  I was completely wrong.  This dress, THE dress, was amazing, and Greg's ideas and vision were SPOT ON.  He added a headpiece that was simply amazing, another thing I would have never tried.  Since Anne Gregory was my first stop on my "day of dresses", I wasn't comfortable buying the dress before I visited some other stores.  So I left and went to the remainder of my appointments.  But my family and I quickly found it was a total waste of time.  None of the shops compared, none of the gowns compared, and I knew I had already found my dress.  I made another appointment for the following week, tried it on again, and then bought my dress.  Greg and Maryann are extremely good at what they do, and were both so wonderful to work with.  It seems to me that Greg and Maryann take a lot of pride in their business (it is their shop), take things to heart, and believe they have the best around. And quite frankly... they're right.  :) I would recommend them to anyone.  They're not the cheapest, but the prices aren't unreasonable at all.  And from what I saw at some other shops, you get what you pay for.
2	I went to five bridal salons before finding my dress, and Anne Gregory was definitely the worst.I scheduled my appointment a week in advance, yet the salon still did not provide anyone to help me dress---and those dresses can be tricky. The owner, Greg, was assisting me but obviously did not help me physically get into or out of the dresses. I had gone to Anne Gregory's to try on a specific gown that the designer's website indicated was in stock. Greg said that he had ordered it but it had not arrived yet. Ok, fair enough. I asked about another dress from the same designer that I was interested in and was also supposed to be at the store, and though he went to check on it, he never said one way or the other whether they actually had it there. I was disappointed by all this but still wanted to look at the dresses they did have. Instead of pulling dresses similar to what I wanted (dropped waist, full skirt) he continually brought out trumpet and mermaid dresses that are just not my style at all. Its nice that he found them flattering on me, but i was clearly not interested.When I left, I expressed how I had had my eye on the particular dress from the designer and how it was basically my dream dress and I still very much wanted to try it on. They promised that they would give me a call when it got in.They never did. I saw it in the shop's window weeks later, but never got a phone call. I ended up getting a very similar dress from a shop that actually paid attention to what I wanted and called me back.
1	Whooooo boy!!This is a doosey.I got a call today from Anne Gregory. The man on the phone ( Brian?) asked if I posted a review online. I say yes.He responds "Well, I really wish you hadn't done that."wait. huh?This guy then proceeds to berate me for giving them an unfavorable review. He brought up my complaint that they never called me back once they got the sample dress in, by saying that the reason for that was that the dress was far above my price range.  (I'm positive that this is true. While my budget wasn't modest, some of the dresses here can run well over 10k, so the fact that the dress wasn't feasible for me financially doesn't surprise me.)Unfortunately, I had asked and they had promised me that they would call whenever the dress came in. Had they phoned me and simply said that the dress was in, but it was far above my budget, that would have been fine and the fact that they followed up with me would have been reflected in my original review. Instead, they provided me with bad customer service by ignoring me because they guessed that they probably wouldn't be making any money anyway, so why bother with a 60 second task?And then this phone call....I'm not exaggerating at all, berate is absolutely the word to describe this. I didn't get much of a chance at all to respond to his explanation, and then this guys says "I don't know what else to say except that I'm sorry that you feel that way. I just really hope that some day, people like you aren't able to do things like this."Hoooo! If someone posts a negative review, unless that review is completely unfounded or is attacking someone personally unrelated to the job being performed, the business should either let it go, try to make sure the same problem doesn't occur again with a future customer, or do something to rectify the present situation. Calling the reviewer and attacking them personally for an honest and not really all that inflammatory assessment is just classless and immature. Even a pitch perfect business will get a negative review every now and then. Its such a shame too, because the conversation easily could have gone a different way had this guy truly cared about the store's reputation or understood good customer care. Though apologizing and explaining what happened probably wouldn't have changed my personal opinion of Anne Gregory, it would at least show that they care about their customer's experience and opinion of them. Clearly that's not the case. Suffice to say, the actions of at least one Anne Gregory employee have changed my original review from "I didn't have a good experience, I would not do business with them" to SERIOUSLY.HOLY SHIT, DO NOT GO HERE.
5	I had my first bridal gown experience at Anne Gregory. The entire staff there made me feel beautiful and comfortable throughout my entire appointment. They were able to pick dresses that matched my style and personality and every dress was stunning! I found my gown in a matter of 45 minutes and didn't want to take it off! It is a beautiful Monique Lhuillier! I highly recommend going to Anne Gregory for your bridal experience- it was a stress free and exciting day!
5	I ended up at Anne Gregory because they were the only place in Pittsburgh having a trunk show with a dress I saw online and really wanted to try on.  My maid of honor maid the appointment and a couple of my bridesmaids, my mom, and grandma came with me to try the dress on.  The experience was lovely and I ended up buying the dress.  A lady was originally helping me then the owner came out a little later on.  Let me tell you....this guy knows his stuff.  He made me feel totally at ease about the purchase.  It was like being a nice restaurant and the chef coming out to check on how your meal was.  I really appreciated him being there.  I wasn't buying the most expensive dress in the place but he certainly made me feel like I was.  It was really great.  I went to a few other places and this one is definitely the best.
5	Wow! I cannot thank Anne Gregory enough for their help in finding my dream wedding dress. I am from Pittsburgh but currently live in NYC so I went all over NYC looking for the perfect wedding gown. When I couldn't find anything I was super frustrated. I don't think I am a picky person or hard to please so I couldn't understand why wasn't able to find 'the dress'. I was home in Pittsburgh with my mom doing some wedding planning this past week and was frantically trying to find 'the dress'. We came across Anne Gregory online and quickly made an appointment. After speaking with them on the phone I was convinced this would be the place and promptly canceled another appointment so that I could schedule one with Anne Gregory instead. And I am so thankful that I did because the first dress I tried on with them was the one I ended up purchasing. It had just been delivered by UPS minutes before I arrived in the shop and I was the first person to try it on. Greg and Mary Anne were working with my mom and I and they were perfect! Very friendly and helpful. Greg read me like a book and knew instantly what would look good on me. The dress I chose is so completely different from all the others I had been trying on and I never would have tried this type of dress on if it weren't for Greg. I am so glad I found him! The whole feel of the place is comforting and classy. I never felt rushed to make a decision-- and believe me when it came down to deciding between two dresses it took me awhile! In fact, after I decided on the dress Greg sat and talked to my mom and I for a half hour or so. He made us feel welcome. There is no doubt we are in good hands at Anne Gregory. From someone who looked all over NYC for a dress-- trust me-- just go to Anne Gregory-- you will be glad that you did!!
1	This should say it all: we found a dress we loved, it was in our price range, but...we didn't return because of the customer serviceI suppose we could have gotten over it to get the dress, but we just didn't want that negative experience to taint our wedding. It was all going so well too. The people helping us were very down to earth, very accommodating and helpful, patient, and knowledgeable. But when we told them that we weren't ready to buy the dress, it was like Jekyll and Hyde and we were given attitude and a cold shoulder. We're talking passive-aggressive teenager-like behavior. Let me be clear - we didn't say no, we didn't say we were going to go somewhere else - all we said was that we weren't ready. In all likelihood we were going to be back in a couple weeks and buy, and just wanted to think about it one more time. It's a purchase that costs thousands of dollars; shouldn't you as the bride be able to take your time?Anne Gregory is probably the only shop in town worth going to for higher-end, couture dresses. But we've been to nice boutiques across the country and this was the only one that gave us the huffy attitude you historically associate with those types of places. Disappointing.A few practical notes:- They don't allow pictures. Some shops do, some shops don't.- I think there's a private lot but if you end up parking in the strip mall parking lot next door or on the street, the spaces are metered so bring your quarters.- always judge for yourself...to get a sense of their collection you can go to their facebook page and see what dresses they've actually sold. take care not to confuse the posts they make of other wedding dresses and pictures of dresses by actual customers.
1	Dreadful, rude service- borderline bullies, poor selection, and they severely mark up their prices!!! Both my friend and I found a dress that they have at other stores for a fraction of the cost. Unacceptable. What a joke, really. Not at all what you want to have to endure while planning the most important outfit you'll ever wear! So upsetting!
2	My experience at Anne Gregory was fine, but nothing spectacular. They were running behind for my appointment because the seamstress accidentally put a future bride getting alterations in "my room." No problem. It's not like we were offered water, coffee, champagne, anything though. I showed them photos and style names of several dresses I wanted to try on and they said they'd go pull them and have them ready when my room was ready. When I got into the room, I wanted to try on my "favorite" dress, but they hadn't pulled it for me! When they finally did, I had to basically trip around and put it on myself while the bridal consultant watched me. She was certainly no help. And pinning? They don't "clip" at Anne Gregory. So imagine my size 0 body in a size 10 or size 12 dress. It was impossible to figure out what I would look like, and my consultant didn't really seem to care (or know how to adjust the dress to even give me a general idea). Any dresses they pulled for me that weren't on my list were awful - not even close to the look I described. This was also the only shop I went to that prohibited pictures. Overall, a pretty lousy experience. I just can't figure out why this place is considered the premiere bridal salon in Pittsburgh. No thanks
5	It's been four hours and I'm still swooning over my experience at Anne Gregory For the Bride.  What was supposed to be an impromptu visit with my mom before she left on vacation turned into an unforgettable evening.From the moment I walked in, I felt at ease.  I was greeted by Greg and worked with Marianne and Courtney throughout my appointment.  I took to the sale room almost immediately where I found myself immersed in pure designer bridal bliss. I've only visited two other salons in the course of my brief dress search, and both were underwhelming in atmosphere, selection and service.  This was not the case at Anne Gregory.  Greg and his team did an amazing job on so many levels.  First, they listened to what I was looking for!  Other consultants in my experience seemed to have their own agenda.  This trio was incredible. They pulled gorgeous dress after gorgeous dress; and that's saying a lot given that I don't care for 99% of all bridal fashion.  Granted, I can appreciate all of it - just on other people. For myself, I envisioned something unique and, well, within my budget.  The staff didn't show me a single dress over my price-point; again, another first.  They allowed me to take my time and I didn't feel an ounce of pressure during my visit.  Greg, Marianne and Courtney were also honest.  They didn't tell me something looked good if it didn't.  Who could ask for anything more?!  I walked out of Anne Gregory on top of the world and can't wait to go return for my fitting this summer.
5	I can honestly say that my experience at Anne Gregory has been nothing but the best. From the day I tried on gowns, to the multiple fittings, it is simply amazing. Every single person that works there has gone above and beyond all of my expectations and I can't wait until my September wedding to see the gown finished. Thank you so much for everything! You will NOT be disappointed buying a gown here.
4	I got my dress for my July 2014 from Anne Gregory.  Overall, I liked my experience with the store.  I went to two bridal stores in Pittsburgh looking for my gown and was planning to visit two more in DC (my former residence) if I couldn't find anything locally.  My first visit was to Bridal Beginnings, which did a good job of finding dresses in the style I was seeking and in my budget, but which had pretty small sample sizes so it was incredibly difficult to picture how the back of the dress would look.   For reference, I am a street size 8-10.Anne Gregory's sample sizes seemed to be a size up from the ones at Bridal Beginnings, which was enormously helpful.  They also did a good job of picking things that were clearly within the style I was looking for, as well as some a little out of the box, but not too far, which they wanted me to take a shot at.  I ended up with a dress that I loved for almost half of my total budget.   I didn't want to go over $2,500 for a dress alone, and ultimately my dress, alterations and a very basic veil were under that amount.  Some points were lost as I didn't love their collection of veils and accessories (it would have been nice to have a one stop shop) and their alterations schedule was difficult, forcing me to schedule fittings, including the last fitting, a little sooner than I would have liked.  Also, I should note that the stores in Pittsburgh lack some atmosphere.  While Anne Gregory's was better than BB, there were still no drinks, champagne, snacks, etc. for my attendants, which is standard in larger cities and which smaller cities like Buffalo are even catching on to.  In the end, I would have liked them to go that little extra step to streamline the experience, especially given the price of alterations and accessories, but I was still pleased with my experience.
