1	I think this is my first one star review.  Eight of us went to lunch here today and not one was truly impressed least of all me.  Clams Casino appetizer was a huge disappointment.Soggy, greasy breading, and too much of it, and off flavor.  Scrap the Clams Casino.My friend and her husband had dinner at Carluccio's a couple of weeks ago.  She had Veal Piccata and said it was awful.  No lemon flavor and no capers.  Apparently Carluccio's doesn't use capers, one of the two key ingredients in this recipe.  She said don't bother but, being who I am, wanted to see if she was being picky,  She wasn't.  It was AWFUL.  Bland, faint lemon flavor and again an odd aftertaste.   Scrap the Veal Piccata.The entrees come with a side of pasta but I preferred to substitute this for ravioli.  I asked for meat sauce (twice) and got, you guessed it, ravioli smotherd in Marinara sauce.  Bland, watery and unappetizing.  Scrap the Ravioli.My Caesar Salad was good, fresh and had the perfect amount of dressing.My dinner companians said their meals were just okay, but one liked hers very much.  She had shrimp. We aren't going back.Scrap Carluccio's.
4	This was our second visit to this restaurant.  Our first was two years ago when we were in town for a meeting.  We were greeted by the owner at the door and he was very nice.  We ordered the fried mozzarella to start and it was decent.  My wife ordered the pasta primavera which she loved.  I had the shrimp diavolo (?) which was also very good.  Great flavor, the pasta and shrimp were cooked perfectly and our side dishes, salad and minestrone soup, were also very good.  The service was great and if I lived here, I would definitely frequent this place.
1	We had dinner there tonight and it took 2 1/2 hrs.  We were a party of 10 and it took an 1 1/2 hrs to get the first plate.  The worst part was they brought all the adult food first and 20 minutes later brought the kids chicken fingers and spaghetti.  After dinner they didn't even clear the table before dessert.  There were only like 4 other tables so it wasn't packed.  Food was pretty good but not worth a trip back.
1	Overpriced food and terrible service. There's far too many great Italian restaurants in this town to waste your money and time at this one.
2	My husband and my family always loved this place when it was located on Trop. Ever since it moved it has went downhill. Tried to go eat lunch there last Saturday ( with our 16 month old son) and was told they only serve lunch in the bar.Ewww, no thanks ! Obviously with my son we couldn't , but why would I want to eat in a smokey bar?! They advertise lunch , but apparently not the case anymore .Very disappointed in the 2 times we tried it since the move. We would eat there all the time before , even recommended it to locals and out of town friends and family .    I really hope they get the same quality of food and management back like they use to.We will not be back anytime soon.
5	Best food and service, even though they also had a large party. We shared the clams in wine and garlic, lots of sauce for dunking bread in. Caesars salad nice and cold. I had linguini and clam sauce, enough for 2   People, filled with chunks of tasty clams. Husband had shrimp francese, shrimp was crisp and fresh, and a side of pasta with aioli. Luis was our server, could not be nicer. Met Kelly, owner Johns wife, who really hustled and made sure everyone was taken care of. Can't wait to return.
2	Went t for an early dinner at 5:30. Had good xperience before, all that has changed. Restaurant appears dingy and dark. Booth seats were ripped, fake plants covered in dust. They need a major overhaul. Caesar salad salty, chicken parm had an aftertaste that was not pleasant. We ordered a side of pasta with garlic and oil, which they forgot to serve us. Sorry that we reminded them to bring. Tasted like metal and old oil. Will not return in the near future.
