1	By far the worst experience I have ever had at a hookah bar. We walked in and the guy at the cash register was an absolute jerk from the get to. He kept trying to rush us into selecting a flavor of tobacco. I have no idea why, because we were the only people there and its not like he could possibly be busy to begin with.I chose the "G Spot" flavor and we sat down. When they brought us our hookah, I was shocked....one coal. Anyone who has any idea what they're doing with a hookah knows you're supposed to put two coals on a hookah. The hookah was not hitting at all so we asked for another coal. I politely asked "Can we please get another coal?". He rudely replied "No. $1." First off, what the hell kind of hookah bar charges PER coal? Second of all, a dollar? Really? A whole dollar for ONE coal? Ridiculous. Of course, our hookah became extremely harsh but not ONCE did the guy come and check on us, regardless of the fact that we were the ONLY people in that place. It was as bad an experience as someone can possibly have in a hookah bar, and there is NO doubt in my mind that this place will go out of business very very soon.
1	This place must be under new ownership or something, because the quality of the experience I had has gone down drastically. The first time I'd been to The G Spot was about a year ago. The place had a ton of people in it, pretty decent music, and decent service. I decided to make another trip to The G Spot about a week ago and give it another try. When we walked in (me and my boyfriend), it was almost silent, and the staff was sitting at the back of the place smoking hookah. Not a big deal, whatever. When we went to the counter, the kid who was working walked up to the counter to help us. We were waiting on two other friends to join us, so we wanted to wait to decide what flavor we wanted, but the kid asked us about three times if we wanted to order without them. No. I'm pretty sure I made myself clear the first time, thanks. So we just stood there and waited, and he resumed his smoking with his other friends/coworkers. Then, when the rest of our party came, he got back up, obviously annoyed that we made him get up twice, and took our order. We went and took a seat in one of their couch/booth areas, and waited for the hookah. When it was brought out by the same kid, it only came with one coal. Really. One coal? I'm pretty sure that it's normal to get two coals with your hookah, like every other place does. But we ignored it and smoked it. Once our coal ran out, we had to shout at the kid to get his attention so we could get another coal. He shouted back from the other side of the room "ONE DOLLAR." meaning that in order for us to get another coal, we'd need to pay a dollar more. Not trying to sound cheap or anything, but why on Earth would you charge a dollar for something that should have been included in the original price of the hookah? Whatever. He brought the coal, and then proceeded back to his area. Then, we ordered a refill, and he brought the hookah back, and had even more of an attitude that he did in the first place. Really. For being one of the only two parties that were in the room, it's probably not necessary to be an asshole..  The hookahs are moderately priced. $15 per hookah (suitable for 4 people), and $6 per refill. But don't be prepared to pay the prices they advertise. You have to pay $1 per extra coal, $1 extra if you want to pay with a card (ridiculous), and extra money for the "hookah condom" things that you get (you're only given one per hookah). Needless to say I will not be returning. This place has become a joke
