5	Outstanding customer service!  very friendly and welcoming feeling. On time merchandise readiness. Treats as if it was their own... I advise all to go here best in Las Vegas! And they do everything.
5	Family owned/operated with professional seamstress' on staff! They listen to their clients and highest quality tailoring work I've seen ever. They cleaned & repaired my down comforter to new condition! My laundered shirts and slacks are beautiful everytime!  Very fast service and way more personal touch to the sales that chain dry cleaners!  Get over there!!  DO IT...!!!
5	This is one of the very few places that I actually look forward to doing business with!  The staff is incredibly professional and the prices are very competitive. Quality of work here is remarkable.  I come about twice a week for my husband's work clothes for tailoring, dry cleaning and laundry.  The incredible associates at this store even call me on my cell to tell me when my items are done, as they know we are on an unusually tight schedule and have a limited supply of clothes.  (After trying two others in the area, this one beats them both.) They provide legendary service seldom experienced anymore.  It's a genuine pleasure to do business with these folks!As a side note:  I greatly value that the store has none of the toxic chemicals blowing in my face like other places.  With the weak immune system I have, the cleanliness and fresh air of this place makes life a little more comfortable.
5	Id give more stars if possible! I love everything about this place.As soon as I walked in, the shop is clean and there wasn't that over powering chemical smell that some cleaners have. The staff was super friendly and attentive.I took in dresses to be hemmed, a suit to be dry cleaned and a swimsuit project that another tailor had refused.The suit dry cleaning was really straight forward, no problems there and a good job done.The real wow-factor comes from their tailoring service. There are two great little dressing rooms with full length mirrors and definitely feels professional. The curtains give you plenty of privacy when trying clothing on to be fitted... and its super clean.I took 4 dresses to be hemmed and after trying on the first one, I could tell that the lady doing the measurements was a pro. Each dress was pinned quickly and she had it down!I took in 4 swimsuit tops which I expected to be turned away. I wanted to have each one either added a panel to give me more room or an entire bottom to a bikini so that it was a tankini. I had even tried to add panels into one of them myself and it ended up looking like Edward Scissors hands had done it. Needless to say, each turned out amazing and she was even able to fix my disaster. She even went to the fabric store to get the right materials! And when I say turned out amazing, its more like a magician. The detail and sizing was PERFECT.The price was decent too. Very reasonable especially for the tailoring and attention to detail. Two thumbs up! Highly recommended. Im telling everyone I know to check this place out.
5	Family operated business very professional and friendly. They took the necessary time and effort to ensure all of my measurements on my alterations were correct and to my liking.  My wife was so impressed she will be bringing  all of her dry cleaning and alterations here for now on. I highly recommended.
5	Had my bridesmaid dress tailored in a hurry. The staff is really friendly and the changing rooms and really clean and nice.
5	By far the best in the valley! Professional, courteous, great customer service! Victoria's Tailoring and Cleaners goes out of their way to make you feel like a valued customer!
5	I have solved my short girl problems here!! Super friendly, family owned. I can never find jeans/pants that are "short". I'm 5'2" and it seems clothing makers think everyone is over 5'4"! I brought 6 pairs of pants there and had them shortened. They look like I just bought them from the store. I'm so happy with the outcome! This has opened up a whole new world for me! Now I can buy any jeans/pants I want and just bring them here!
5	Love using this place. Staff is a family and they treat their customers like family. The oldest Taylor is the grandmother who still looks fabulous! Great alterations done quick at a reasonable price. Love love love the small business.
5	Great place.  Brought in two jackets that were no longer wearable and now they look wonderful.  The "alteration" was done quickly and at a very reasonable price.  I would highly recommend.
5	As Noel M stated, I would give them more stars if possible.I've been to places that are friendly, the few times I have been here, they were always friendly and happy.  Always clean, and a pleasant atmosphere, and for me it's local.  Kinda reminds me (my age) like Andy Griffith and Mayberry, small town, always a smile, and always welcome.This business will go far, I think it's family owned, and it's the kind of business you want in your neighborhood.
5	I bought a Captain America costume that only came in 2 sizes and even the smaller size was too big on me. So I brought it to Victoria and they were able to tailor it to fit me. They even had a great idea of adding straps to the bottom that way the pants don't come out of my boots. They did an amazing job and the costume was a hit! This is a family owned and operated place by daughter, mother and grandmother who are very sweet, friendly and professional. I would recommend anyone looking for great service that won't break the bank to do themselves a favor and give them a shot.
