5	I get my hair & nails done here, no Asian places for me-Way too much fungus in those places..... CC does hair. CC does extensions, from New York &  into all the new styles. She is a beautiful person inside & out!! You WILL love her!!Deanna does nails, she does nails the old way,,,,,by hand!!! No machines, no chicklets for tips . I get compliments on my nails all the  very Natural looking.... No fu fu here!! No tri color ghetto tips, No bling hangin, No spray machines for nails,,,,,try her, im sure you love her I get compliments all the time on my hands & feet! I have Red Rock Star toes fro XMAS!!! CC has been doing my hair,  I let her cut off about 5 inches!! I was scare,.but I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! I referred 1 of my friends to her after another salon messed up her extensions...she looks FABULOUS!!!! CC brings back great ideas & styles from New York & LA...
5	Who says all that glitters is not gold? I was mesmerized - yes - mesmerized by my rockstar glitter gel pedicure . . .it was like my toes were having their own little dance party! Best of all? It lasted well over a month and still looked fab!I have been going to De Anna Lavery at Downtown Scottsdale Hair & Nails for more than 10 years - she hands down (pun intended) does the best nails in the Valley. On a regular basis, I still continue to receive compliments on my natural nails. She uses top quality and safe products in a hip, chic salon near the heart of Old Town. She carries all the latest colors and is always up to speed with the latest trends. She treats her clients like family and hosts fun events including Gold Parties (one woman made over $500 smackers!) and pre & post Scottsdale Culinary Fest parties which are always a BLAST!De Anna also gives the most thoughtful homemade client holiday gifts . . .she puts her heart into everything she does.  She has positive energy, a fun sense of humor and makes the appt feel like you are having coffee with a friend. I have never had my hair cut or colored at the salon - however, it looks like they do great do's too. Definitely recommend you boogie down for the glitter gel pedicure - your tootsies will thank you . . . and may just do the "Hustle" all on their own.
5	De Anna Lavery has been doing my nails since 1991.  Holy smokes!  That's a long freaking time.  Surprised I can remember back that far.  We were so young and silly back then.  Now we're older and but still silly.  Anyhow, I digress.  I will never, ever, ever let anyone other than De Anna do my nails.  She believes in doing nails the way they were done before power tools became the norm in a nail salon (actually, the power tool places are shops, not salons.  Get you in, out, who's next?)  If she ever decides to leave the business, please, if there is a higher being, don't let that happen,  I'll hunt her down to the ends of the earth and cry like a baby until she caves and comes back to reality.She does fantastic work.  I always receive compliments on how nice my nails look and I'm sure to let everyone know where I get my nails done.  She's thoughtful, funny, awesome, fabulous, marvelous.  The list goes on and on.  She's my nail technician, my therapist, my confidant, my fellow jokester, but most of all my friend!De Anna, continued success to you!!!!!!
5	Deanna is the owner and she's super. Not only do you get fab, natural looking nails but you get her intelligent, witty world views. It's always a good time! Her nails are always done by hand. No drills here! Her salon is spic and span, friendly and modern. There's no assembly line, just really great individual attention and pampering. You've gotta try her Rock Star Toes too! You'll be the envy of every girl on the dance floor! Don't forget about CC, her hair stylist. She's up on all the modern trends, specializes in color and extensions. She'll make you look gorgeous for all your holiday parties!  You'll be so pleased with her. She gives a great cut, is sweet and funny.  No going home to redo your do! With this Duo, you'll want to run and tell all your friends about Downtown Scottsdale Hair & Nails.
5	Have to add to my comments.  Got Rockstar Gilttery Gel Toes!!!!!!  AWESOME!!!!!  They're glittery, shiny and oh so kewl!!!!!  Had them done 3 weeks ago and they look as good as the first day.  The color choices, Outstanding!  Every color of the rainbow and then some.  I chose a red that reminds me of Dorothy's Ruby Red slippers from Wizard of Oz.  Fun, fun, fun!    Thanks again DeAnna!!  Luv Ya!!!!!!!!!!
5	I'm all sad...I read the reviews and was all excited to get a Rock Star Pedi and come to find out they aren't accepting new clients.  I won't knock them from their perfect 5 stars, but I think everyone else should know so you don't get all excited like I did....
5	DSH&N is the best of the best. The owner, DeAnna, is not only the most talented nail tech I have ever had, but she is a conscientious professional and person.DeAnna and the stylists are great to be around and great at what they do. The atmosphere is stylish and welcoming. I have been going to DSH&N before it even was DSH&N. I am lucky to be a client. They are always up on the latest in the field and the glitter toes ROCK!
3	Call me weird, but I have an issue with long toe nails. It weirds me out. So when I went in for a pedicure appointment with DeAnna and was hoping for some minx, which looks better on long toe nails, she was up front with me and let me do a custom glitter bling job instead. Not only did she mix up a glitter just for me (I'm sure the color isn't hard to guess), but she gave me the extra to use at home!!!Great service and such an adorable place, Downtown Scottsdale Hair & Nails will definitely pamper you and make you feel at home!!
5	As I have matured like a fine wine , I have developed a few foot issues.My feet take some major wear and tear from hiking, gardening , being on my feet all day long plus the Arizona Lifestyle gives them a beating as well .These foot "issues" require a certain type of nail diagnostician to transform my "dogs" to fine beasts  of  beauty.   it is my sincere belief that DeAnna is that godess of  regeneration. She repaired my um , nail thingy,  filed all the ick ,  even without a sander ,which surprised me , no power tools were needed. She soaked and waxed and lathered my soles till they were as soft as baby's behind.  Feel free to check them out.Downtown Scottsdale Nails is perfect place to bring your nails . You won't be dissapointed by DeAnna and Downtown Nails and Hair . It's friendly and nicely decorated . Makes you feel  all special and shiny inside.
5	DeAnna gave me (by far) the best pedicure I've EVER had.  My feet have never been this soft. I was a little apprehensive about getting rockstar toes, but I love them. They look amazing in the sunlight too. Very professional, very clean salon. I'm hooked!
5	I have never been one of those girls who could keep a manicure looking good for more than a couple of days.  That is, until DeAnna worked her magic!  She didn't bat an eye when I showed her my ragged, desperately in need of attention nails.  She was not horrified as I explained that I needed to be able to do yardwork and all sorts of other things that would certainly immediately destroy any average manicure.  Her suggestion of using shellac polish was exactly what I needed.  Best of all, she didn't grab any scary drills or grinding tools.  Everything was done by hand, with simply a file, a buffing block and a cuticle stick.  Really!When she was done, I didn't recognize my hands.  My nails were...  perfect!  And they stayed perfect for longer than I could have imagined.  This was seriously the everlasting manicure - that shellac would still be there if I did not remove it myself (she provided perfect instructions on how to do so without damaging my nails) after my nails grew out a bit.In addition to the fantastic manicure I received, it was just plain fun to be there.  This is definitely not an anonymous, rushed, assembly line experience.  Rather, individual attention and great conversation in a beautifully appointed, spotlessly clean salon.  No more assembly line for me!You will walk in a client, but walk out a friend.  :)
5	De Anna is the owner and does a great job. No harsh tools or files. She treats my nails like I would treat them.  She takes great care in maintaining them but adding the best and fabulous gel job. Great conversation. She's got a perfect personality for the nail biz.  Her salon is clean and comfortable.  The location of her salon is great, too- a mile from my house.  :) I feel like I'm going to be a long time client.
5	Awesome gel manicure! I love love LOVE doing my nails myself, and when I have the extra money, I like getting them done professionally even more! This was my first time going to Downtown Scottsdale Hair & Nails. DeAnna did a knock - up job on my gel manicure. She took her time on my nails while carrying on great conversation. The salon is super cute and very clean. The hairstylists are also very friendly. DeAnna has a large selection of gel colors to choose from and found a color that was exactly what I had in mind. Other reviews mention how much they love their Rockstar Gel Pedicure - I will definitely be back for one of those!
5	I suck at taking care of my nails. For me, it's better to just pay someone else to do it. I had never tried gels before, but DeAnna suggested it for my toes. It lasted forever! I didn't have to remove it until it just grew out too much to just cover it up. The place is super clean! There are a couple hair stylists, too, but sometimes it's just me and DeAnna. I'm ok with that. :)*TIP: I have to book a month in advance, and I'm a regular! So, I book my next appointment every time I go.
5	Let me start by saying how great EVERYONE is here!  Angel gave me the best haircut and made me look far better than when I walked in.  Downtown Scottsdale Hair & Nails was a great find!  Ask for Angel!
