3	This vet is open all night; helpful when you're in the northeast valley and have a pet emergency.  Like when my dog got ahold of 1/2 pound of chocolate on a Saturday night.  Chocolate can kill a dog, and my pup probably was wishing he would, he was so sick.  I learned that going to an emergency vet is a lot like going to a hospital emergency room.  It was busy because of the holiday weekend evening, and of course emotions were high because everyone was concerned for their loved one.  VCA's staff showed a lot of sympathy and care for our situation, yet also handled the necessary paperwork very efficiently.  They did a good job of keeping the sick pooches apart in the waiting area.  We were in an exam room within 10 minutes.  All in all better than my hospital experiences.I do wish they had prepared me for just how long we would have to wait for the vet.  It was an hour before he came in; probably because they were so busy.  In the meantime, my dog started to act much better.  The vet said the main concerns were for dehydration and pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas).  He determined that my dog didn't show signs of either during his exam.  He said he'd put together three options for treatment and return to go over them with me.Another 45 minutes goes by and the vet returns with not three, but two treatment options.  The first is about $1,500 and consists of blood tests for dehydration and two days of observation there.  The second is overnight observation and the blood test for about $800.  Even though my dog was visibly better.  I can understand erring on the side of caution, but a medical malpractice lawsuit is hardly at issue here, so we can be honest with each other about the level of risk at play.  Besides, stressing my dog by putting him into a strange place, and probably into a crate, has to be factored into the decision too.  Maybe I'm too suspicious, but the vet lost my trust at that point.So I created my own Option 3, which was to keep the dog under close observation at his own home, and bring him in if he shows signs of dehydration or doesn't get better.  That one was $99.  It was only at that point when the vet told me how I could treat him at home.  Following the vet's instructions, Piggy Dog fully recovered in about 24 hours.One nice touch - VCA notified our regular vet of the visit so we got a call from him Monday morning to see how our dog was doing.All in all, I'm very grateful for the VCA PV Emergency Hospital.  Off-hours vets are not easy to find, and they seem highly capable, though maybe over zealous about treatment.  Although I'll closely scrutinize whether to take my animal in, if they really need to go I would return to VCA.
5	This vet office is truly the best! Yes, they are on the expensive side, so you need to consider that and ask them what really needs to be done immediately v. what can be done to hold your pet over until you can get to your regular vet, but they provide an invaluable service - a place to take an ill / injured pet when your regular vet is closed. I have taken both my dogs and bunnies to this office. Most recently, one of my buns had a seizure so I rushed her there around 10 PM on a Monday night. It was relatively quiet (I have seen the waiting room jammed and they do triage much like a human ER so be prepared to wait if your pet is not critical and needing immediate lifesaving care), and they took her right back and assessed her and then called me back to unfortunately give me the sad prognosis - she was slipping into cardiac arrest. They let me stay with her as she slipped away and then put us in a private room for as long as I wanted to say goodbye. They also must have called my regular vet because a sympathy car arrived from them later in the week. I had her cremated and when I went to pick up her ashes, they had made a paw print for me as well as had a nameplate etched with her name on it for her official urn, both at no additional charge. The Drs and staff are caring and compassionate - as one of them put it "We don't know them long, but we understand how important your pets are to you and we recognize and honor that." Yes, they really do. I highly recommend Paradise Valley Emergency Animal Hospital.
4	Vet honest with her diagnosis & prognosis for our puppy.  Given all of our choices, we had to put the puppy to sleep.  The staff very professional and compassionate with our family and gave us all the time we needed to say good bye.  Yes, any emergency visit will be expensive, but their honesty with us was appreciated.
5	I had the terrible decision to make to euthanize my 20 year old cat, Bandit. I was going to go to the Emergency Animal Clinic off of Scottsdale Rd. further north but I had previously had a bad experience there. I saw there were some good reviews for this Emergency Animal Hospital and, thank God I did. They were so kind and compassionate. They let us take our time, never rushed us. They knew it was a very painful thing to have to do. They made one of the worst things I have ever had to do as 'easy' as they possibly could have. They eased my nagging doubts about it without putting words in my mouth. I am ever grateful for their kindness on that incredibly sad day and would recommend them to anyone who has an animal friend who needs some emergency care.
1	Really, if I could, I would give this place zero stars, because it is a disgrace. If you need an emergency vet in the Scottsdale/Paradise Valley area, go to Sonora Veterinary Specialists on Cactus/40th St.(http://www.sonoraveterinaryspecialists.com/). It's also 24/7, but unlike VCA PVEAH, it is a truly valuable, legitimate facility, and it''s staffed by engaged, committed, deeply caring, and extremely knowledgeable and skilled personnel. At SVS, you and your pet are treated well and what you pay is fair and justified.VCA is the opposite of SVS in every single way. VCA is, in fact, the WORST of corporate animal service providers. The space is small, cheap, cramped, and the staff are indifferent at best and don't convey any genuine love of or concern about animals in pain or distress. All they want is your money. They do NOTHING for the $99.75 they charge for an "emergency exam." We essentially paid that amount just to be given an astronomical estimate, literally nothing more--our dog was the exact same bloody, traumatized mess we gave to them when they gave him back--after making us wait nearly an hour without ANY communication).  Furthermore, they tack on bogus surcharges ($5.25 for a "biohazard waste fee") that are irrelevant to the "service" provided, and their drug prices are absurd--$8 for a single Tramadol tablet, anyone?Conversely, our (and our dog's) experience at Sonora Veterinary Specialists was wonderful (even in the context of an emergency), and the cost was ultimately significantly less.VCA is a money-grubbing, depressing, sham.
5	Without getting into a long, drawn-out account of our visit to this establishment, I will share the following.  Arriving with an ill family pet, we were greeted with warmth and kindness by the front desk staff.  We didn't know how long we would have to wait, and we were told that because of the nature of an emergency pet clinic, there were no set appointments and no way of knowing how long each appointment would take.  We were fortunate to only wait a few minutes before being shown to an exam room.  After only a few minutes, a tech came in to check on our kitty and not only treated her with a very tender manner, but was kind to us, as well.  We waited a bit longer after that before we saw the vet, but once we did, we did not feel rushed in the least.  Dr. Brantley took as much time as we needed to discuss all of our options, her personal and professional opinions, and to help us feel as ok as possible with our ultimate decision.Having a regular vet whose staff and policies we are familiar with, it was a little intimidating having to go to a new place especially during such a delicate time.  Thankfully, every person we dealt with was kind, attentive, thorough, and really wonderful to deal with.  I hope we don't have occasion to visit this emergency clinic again, but if we do, I will feel confident in my decision and that the care of my pet will be of the highest quality.Thank you, Adrienne, Mark, and Dr. Brantley, with all our hearts for being so wonderful with us and our sweet kitty The Wookie in her final hours.
2	CAN YOU SAY "UPSELL"?This place is the worst of corporate veterinary medicine:  the over-the-phone quote (without my asking) of about $100 inflated within minutes of our arrival to an additional $60 "shot for pain," followed by $250 "at the doctor's discretion" for x-rays and up and up, to about $1400. As a doctor myself, I know about some of the costs and skills required, and found the approach to be offensive.  But they did help my cat. Two stars.  Consider emergency treatment elsewhere.
5	I would give more stars if I could!!!! Super impressed and recommend this place to everyone I know!Dr. Halterman and all the staff at VCA PV were sooooooo awesome. My kitty Maverick is overweight and most vets scold us about this first thing. Not here. They were non-judgemental and so caring. They talked about Maverick like he was important and like they enjoyed him being there. They honestly treat pets as part of your family...even calling me "the mom" which was cute. :)I also received fantastic follow-up care. They forwarded all pertinent information to his regular vet at VCA McCormick Ranch and called me multiple times to make sure everything was well. I have also called once or twice with questions and I have never ever felt rushed off the phone. They are AWESOME!Not only did they NOT upsell anything, I paid for services upon dropping kitty off and when I picked him up they gave me a REFUND for a couple of tests & meds that he didn't end up requiring. I didn't even ask about it first...it was just volunteered to me as soon as I came in. That impressed me very much. I felt like some places might just wait and see if you ask for a refund, but not here! Very honest.Of course when you bring a pet into an emergency vet it WILL costa little more. It's the same with human docs. But it isn't unreasonable at all and in my opinion it's worth every penny to be able to bring your sick or injured pet somewhere for great care even when their normal vet is closed. I don't know what I would have done without this service being available.Without a doubt I recommend VCA Paradise Valley Emergency Animal Hospital. Now if I can find a doctor for ME who is as great I'll be all set!
1	If I could give this place a ZERO I would. DO NOT go to VCA Paradise Valley emergency because all they care about is the money not your pets. they have a motto about their priority are the pets and customer service excellence, that's a joke! There is a tech there by the name of Lindy who is condescending and acts like she cares, and rushes everything. I could hear them in the back laughing it up while I was in the room frantic for my pet and all I hear were obscene language. These people don't care at all for you pet, even the doctor by the name of Baker is a real class act! He has no sympathy and no bed side manner and just treats you like another number. The receptionist with the bob Adriene I believe is over the top on fakeness and acts like she cares and understands what I was going through that night, plus she is very odd. Over all this review is not based on pricing because I would do anything for my pet money is no problem, it's the crappy staff that wear their "I care for your pet" hat like toilet paper stuck to your a$$. Seems this place has a huge turnover rate and staff that is completely incompetent. Do yourself a favor and go to Sonora Veterinary Specialist, they are right down the way on 40th St and Cactus and they are exceptionally better and educated. DON'T waste your time or money on VCA, this place is full of unprofessional slackers that rush you just to get you out and going. Idiots!
1	f I could give this place a ZERO I would. DO NOT go to VCA Paradise Valley emergency because all they care about is the money not your pets. they have a motto about their priority are the pets and customer service excellence, that's a joke! There is a tech there by the name of Lindy who is condescending and acts like she cares, and rushes everything. I could hear them in the back laughing it up while I was in the room frantic for my pet and all I hear were obscene language. These people don't care at all for you pet, even the doctor by the name of Baker is a real class act! He has no sympathy and no bed side manner and just treats you like another number. The receptionist with the bob Adriene I believe is over the top on fakeness and acts like she cares and understands what I was going through that night, plus she is very odd. Over all this review is not based on pricing because I would do anything for my pet money is no problem, it's the crappy staff that wear their "I care for your pet" hat like toilet paper stuck to your a$$. Seems this place has a huge turnover rate and staff that is completely incompetent. Do yourself a favor and go to Sonora Veterinary Specialist, they are right down the way on 40th St and Cactus and they are exceptionally better and educated. DON'T waste your time or money on VCA, this place is full of unprofessional slackers that rush you just to get you out and going. Idiots!
5	These guys are AWESOME! Just dropped off an orphaned wild baby bird and they took him free of charge (they are a sanctioned wild life drop-off establishment), and they are going to care for him until wildlife rescue can get him.BTB - yes I am a repeat reviewer - just wanted them to know again how great they are.
4	Had to go here on a busy night with 2 small chihuahuas and had a great experience with the staff & doctors. They were really good with the dogs & really nice to us. It was a pretty busy night there, so we had to wait quite a while. The dogs in front of us had much worse issues, so I can understand why we had to wait. I would have liked a little better communication in the beginning on how long it was going to be, which is why I didn't give this place 5-stars. Once we asked a couple questions after waiting for a bit they were excellent with us. Then when we finally met the vet she was SUPER nice & an excellent communicator!
5	This was our first time here and to any ER Vet. Molly, our 2 year old Pit Bull cut her mouth while playing. Our regular vet was closing and they referred us here. They open at 5:30pm on weekdays and stay open all night and close in the morning. We arrived at 5:30pm and were the first patients for the evening. We were promptly greeted by a friendly and caring staff. After filling out the appropriate paperwork we went onto an exam room where the vet tech did the basics. Then Dr Baker came in and gave a very thorough exam and presented our options. He did not rush. His bedside manner was great. By now Molly's bleeding had basically stopped. We liked it when he told us what option he would do if Molly were his dog. We took his advise, which also happened to be the least expensive and least obtrusive way to go. About 2 hours after we got home, I had a concern and had to call the office. My call was promptly and warmly answered. I was quickly put through to Dr Baker who addressed my concerns in a caring manner and explained what was going on and again gave me options. I followed his advise. It is the next morning now and Molly is fine. Adrienne, Joe, Dr Baker and the vet tech were all AWESOME. You go to a place like this for the staff and their ability. I would recommend them as a place to take your pet if you need an ER.
1	Had a cat emergency, told by local vet to go straight there this morning. Arrived 10 mins to 8am, vet had already left and was told they were closing. Their hours are posted as closing at 8. Receptionist called vet to see if she would come back and would not. What kind of emergency clinic is this??? I'm new to area too so it's not like I know where to go. Had to go across town to another clinic.
5	I have been to a couple of ER Vets before and this one is top notch, and very professional.  Dr. Rachel Chapman and staff were AMAZING!!My dog Gable had become very ill very quickly and took a turn for the worse.  After several test it became apparent that he was in an incredible amount of pain and the chances of recovery were extremely slim.  The decision was made to put him to sleep.  This was a terribly difficult time for me.  You know, a boy and his dog.  The staff and Dr. Chapman were incredibly kind, professional, and amazing.  They made the very best of a horrible situation.  I would like to thank them personally and tell everyone that if you need to bring your pet here you WILL be taken care of by very compassionate people.Thank you
5	Absolutely thrilled with their customer service. I just got a rescue who seemed to have respiratory issues - he was taken to a local vet who told me it was nothing more than allergies. Later this evening my poor pup had vomited 7 times.. I frantically called a couple 24 hour emergency vet clinics and VCA was so helpful and really put my mind to ease. They recommended that I bring Wylie in, but also allowed me to ask many questions and answered all of them. The gal was so friendly and really seemed to genuinely care about his health. She even offered to follow up with my other vet in the morning. While calling around, I got several quotes and $95 was the average .. I called VCA and theirs was $105... I will definitely spend the extra $10 to go here in the future (even though it's a tad farther) . I wish I knew the gals name I spoke to so I could personally write her a card. REALLY recommend going here if you love your animal as much as I do.
1	I was highly disappointed with the charges at this facility.  They charged me $1500 to care for my pet post opp for 12 hours.  After being slammed with fees I moved my dog to Sonora (Sonora Veterinary Specialists on Cactus/40th).  Not only were there prices realistic, I paid $1200 for 3 days of hospitalization/meds, but the staff was awesome.  Everyone at Sonora was exceptional and my dog was super happy. I will never go back to VCA.  Plus there receptionist was rude, and one of there vet techs was very "bugged".  Note: The VCA Dr. did do a good job managing my dogs pain, and the morning vet tech was sweet.  But there charges are RIDICULOUS!
