5	This place is very student friendly - ideal for those countless of digital photos you may have accumulated and finally decide to print off (and cover your bare walls- I'm just sayin') . They do film cameras as well, and didn't seem to mind the state I brought my latest roll of film in. (in a black rubbish bag because I messed up the cap and didn't want any light getting to them).I was very pleased with the quality of digital prints I had done, with glossy cover and white frames and even more pleased with the price they came. The people that work there (at least on the two occasions I have been there)are very friendly and professional, and I had my prints ready and waiting for me the next day.
5	This is the shop I tell everyone wanting to develop photos to go to. I got the information from someone else, but this is one of the situations where the grape vine was accurate and a bit of a life-saver. Trumps' clientele is mainly students. Students from ECA. Me. And others. Don't go into Trumps expecting photography gadgets. The most they'll sell you is film. But they do a great job printing. Black & white prints, colour prints. They put things on CDs for you, too (this I only recently found out as I've decided I only want to shoot film these days). They also have (caching!) a student discount. I mean, what more would you want from a place? I've gotten some bad prints before from other photo shops, but it's almost like the people who work here actually care about the end result. Which is very comforting. I don't like it when people look absolutely miserable in a job I would love to do. And these people don't. At least not all the time.
5	Quite simply the only place you should go if you need any kind of photo-related service.Whilst travelling round south america I got a virus in my camera. When I took it to a camera repair shop over there, the guy told me it was the memory card and not the camera itself. So I but an extortionately overpriced memory card. Then we get to the next stop on our itinerary and it still doesn't work, except the guy in that particular shop tells me it is the camera. So I gave up on ever getting the photos back, until I got back to Edinburgh 3 months later and decided to try again.Rather than trudging up to Princes Street, I popped into this shop just around the corner from my flat, not really expecting very much on the basis of past experience. So imagine my surprise when 3 days later I had all my photos back, my camera reformatted and deoid of any viruses and best of all they didn't try to flog me a new camera or card.The best thing was, they didn't charge me for their time, only for the DVD that they'd put the photos onto. I honestly couldn't recommend this place highly enough.
5	This is the best place around if you want to develop photos cheaply. The shop itself is rather basic, there are no fancy cameras or gadgets about (if you want that try out Cameratiks on Morningside Road), but that is not what these guys specialise in. There are a large amount of photo frames adorning the walls, coming in all sizes and materials - different woods / metals / plastic etc. However what they pride themselves on is development. They guys working there are very helpful and obviously know a lot about what they are talking about. They give you a few printing options - different sizes and you can choose to have colour, black and white and I think sepia as well. They print both digital and normal film, and have a machine to insert a memory card to put photos on CDs. If you aren't feeling too confident using this and don't want to mess up your holiday snaps then they will do all of this for you. They do same day development or if it is easier they can hold them overnight for you. And at a ridiculously cheap price, what's not to love.
