5	What a great time@YELP HELPS 2013...,All the vendors presented their best products and the Organizations showed the important work they do for the Pittsburgh Community.I especially liked Luke Wholeys Mahi Mahi and Vito Girosole's RED RIBBON soda pop...Ciao Vito molto bene!...Thanks Rachel and all the YELPERS for another fantastic evening.                                                                                                                   Gary Katocs
5	Great event with tons of interesting people, businesses, ideas, and orgs.  Looking forward to future Yelp events like this!
5	Another great event! All three floors of the theater were full of great nonprofits and tasty treats...a stellar combination! I loved the science demos with the Carnegie Science Center and the candy unwrapping with gloves on competition upstairs with Big Brothers/Sisters! It was great to see all of the different ways to get involved. There was something for everyone.  My favorite tastings were the shrimp tacos from Luke Wholey's (duh! Can't go wrong there!) and cupcakes from glutenny bakery...so divine!
5	We had an awesome time!  Loved getting lots of info on volunteering!  Every organization was wonderful!  The food and drinks were great!  Loved the booze ice cream!  It was great how everything was spread out on three floors.  We would definitely come back to this event again!
4	Yelp really knows how to throw a party --  Three floors of tastings, treats and exposure to some great Pittsburgh organizations! I left with loads of information and some very interesting volunteer opportunities to consider. Favorite snacks ( hard to pick because they were all great) were fantastic fish tacos by Like Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille, grilled eggplant w/ feta and marinara from Pastitsio and Capital Grille's over-the-top truffle mac & cheese. And I should not forget the beer ice cream from The Sharp Edge - wow! A very cool event!
5	Great evening downtown with delicious food/drink samplings from exciting, diverse vendors,  sprinkled throughout three floors of fantastic volunteer opportunities in Pittsburgh!  Favorites were Luke Wholey's fish tacos, the truffle Mac and cheese and beer ice cream ( who woulda thought?).  As a longtime Pittsburgher, still learned so much about my city and how to love it even more!Would definitely attend again!  Thanks, Yelp!
5	I enjoyed the event. I learned about many great non-profits in the Pittsburgh area along with their volunteer needs. Plus, I also learned about some newer food and drink vendors serving ginger beer and beer ice cream. I would definitely come again and can see this expanding.
4	Who knew that Pittsburghers had so many volunteer opportunities available? My daughter is thirteen and I want her to become an asset to society and not just a taker, so I was really surprised at all of the volunteer activities that she can participate in at her age.  How cool is that?  I'm so glad that I was able to touch base with opportunities that both of us share in.Now about the food and set-up... Fantastic!  I've never been to the Pittsburgh Public Theatre and the venue was fantastic!  Three floors of food and drink?  What's not to love?  Yummy crabcakes and mac-cheese, plus loads of other right-bites makes this girl happy!I will definitely come back again next year!
5	Great Yelp event!  So many tables with information on volunteering opportunities as well as tables filled with goodies.  At first I didn't realize there were three levels for the event, but once I figured that out, I made my way to the tables to mingle, nibble and sip!  I really enjoyed Luke Wholey's station where you were basically getting a full meal!  The fish tacos were excellent.  It was great to see all the non-profit groups ready to provide information on their organization and how you could help.  I discovered a few groups which I hadn't heard of before.  As always, kudos to Rachel for another fantastic event!
5	Another great Yelp event!What made the event so special was the fact that there were so many tables with information on volunteering opportunities and ways to give back to the community. I never knew Pittsburgh had so many of this types of organizations. I had never been to the Pittsburgh Public Theatre before this event. The venue was very nice and is much bigger than it appears. Not to mention three floors with tons of tables filled with tasty goodness to sample. My favorite food table was defiantly Luke Wholey's fish tacos. They were amazing! I have never been to his place but, believe me I'm on the way!My favorite vendor table was Assemble. They had these cool little led light pins that grabbed my attention so I had to walk over to their table and find out more about them. Julia was very nice and explained about their program. They are a non profit in Garfield that offers a tons of different programs including FREE weekly after school help with homework on Tuesdays and a weekly 2 hour technology/ craft program for kids and teens on Saturdays that I signed my daughter up for. She absolutely LOVES the program. If it wasn't for this event I would have never found out about them.Thanks Rachel for having such a cool and unique event!
