4	This is the only place where you can get goooood late night Asian food! So if you are out partying in Old Town Scottsdale, please sure to stop by here.  Order any of the Fried Rice dishes! It's sooooo yum-yum!  Another favorite is the Wanton Soup! Mmmmmm, mmmm!I promise you will love it!!!Remember this is the Casino Arizona located on Indian Bend off the 101.
1	I went to the Blue Coyote Grill & Bar last night. It was the worst experience ever. I went there with 3 of my friends and it took 45 minutes to get our food. There was nobody in the place just myself and my friends and when the food finally showed up to our table, three of the plates of food were cold. They even messed up 2 of the orders: we had asked for eggs over medium but ended up somehow with scrambled eggs instead. The portions themselves were very small at $10 a plate, while their menu suggested a hearty size meal. I honestly get better service and portions at Denny's then at this place. I would not recommend Blue Coyote Grill & Bar to anyone.
2	Wife and I decided to stop by the casino after work. So we had dinner at the Blue Coyote Cafe, since it was Saturday. The Casino and Cafe were very busy. So we were seated outside, it was a very cool evening. But the portable heaters did their job. Now only if the waitress did hers. Since we were outside we felt like we were forgotten. We shared a bacon cheese burger with fries and added fruit. Burger was excellent, filled us both up. When we were outside, the manager came by a few times to check on us, and the helpers made sure we had plenty of water. But we had to wait for ever for our food, to ask for our check, and even to get our check. Then we had to wait for our sign receipt. Food, prices if it's not a steak are good. Service still needs help! Would I try this place again? If it's food, I'll try anything twice!!!!!
5	A group of us came here for my sister's bachelorette party. The prices were great, food was tasty, the service was excellent, and they even treated us to some complimentary desserts! We came here for breakfast the next morning with a smaller group and really enjoyed it as well. I would recommend coming to Talking Stick for a small get-together with friends, and coming to Blue Coyote Cafe is a good idea for those not wanting to spend too much money yet still have a tasty meal.
3	Spicy tuna roll is pretty good, big pieces of tuna, not the usual mayo mix. Nice sushi chefs, good happy hour prices, not a large sushi selection though.  (They did tell me they were in the process of expanding it.)
3	The service here isn't necessarily the fastest around, but the food is normally pretty good and given the location & convenience relative to the casino and resort, it's a good choice. Their Asian food is usually the best option on the menu. I have them bring me a side of their chili sauce and spice it up a bit, but it's good without the spice too.
3	Not bad.
5	great sushi available until 10pm nightly.their sushi happy hour is great with $3 wells and $5-6 delicious rolls. their crunch roll is exceptional.i have not tried the 24 hour restaurant but i've heard good things!
3	12/21/10Came in w/ Mom and a coworker, and we sat at the counter.  We've heard that select sushi rolls were 1/2 off during happy hour (3p-7p) Mondays through Fridays, but we saw nothing on the short menu that we wanted to try.  I decided to order the BBQ bacon burger and a seaweed salad, while Mom and coworker ordered seaweed salads and a rainbow roll to share.Have you ever tried a seaweed salad before?  We have, and we've had them from many Japanese/sushi restaurants, but never have we seen them served w/ carrots and cucumbers before.  Until now.  We've also never seen them WITHOUT sesame seeds.  Let's hope that this was a fluke, or else I'd question the quality of sushi that this kitchen produces.  Needless to say, the seaweed salads weren't good- I took one bite and decided to pass on the salad and waited for my burger to arrive.  The other two removed the non-authentic items and ate the seaweed, even though they also didn't particularly care for them.  The rainbow sushi that came after looked very dry, so I didn't even sample it.  Mom and coworker both remarked that it was tasteless and dry.Thank goodness that the burger entree was delicious!  I ordered it with BBQ sauce on the side, and to be honest, I didn't miss it.  The patty was thick and juicy, and I appreciated the crispy thick-sliced applewood-smoked bacon.  I don't know which I liked better, the burger or the seasoned wedge fries.  These reminded me sour cream & onion potato chips- yum!I may go back and give happy hour sushi another try, but I wouldn't mind having more of those fries!
2	Would give it one star, but I like really greasy food.
4	This is hidden downstairs in the back of the Casino (near the pool). The breakfast here is an excellent value if you aren't feeling the massive "Wandering Horse" buffet upstairs. They are open 24/7 and I can vouch for their 4am steak & shrimp dinners.
4	I was there Friday night to play some cards and then we got hungry.  Selected asian entrees -Chow Mein with Shrimp and Green Curry with chicken.  Both were delish  Then I looked over to the neighboring table and saw how beautiful the steak fries looked.  I asked the waitress (Lisa) about them and she told me they were seasoned fries and very good.  I have never seen any large steak fries like that seasoned.  Next time I will order those fries.  Lisa our waitress kept the water glasses filled and served us in a timely and friendly manner.  thank you Lisa!  I will be back!
5	fantastic place! food is INCRRRRRREDIBLE!!! and the prices are just right!! and our waitress was so sweet and so attentive, just a great place to go and eat and maybe gamble a little in the casino :-)
2	The ONLY reason this place gets a 2 star is for the service.  The food was CRAP.  Overpriced and bland.  I'm not usually a fan of Casinos however this was the only option that was not a buffett or $$$$ expensive restaurant, so for a quick bit, this was it.The scenery outside was of the back of a pool and a concrete wall, which didn't help the situation.  Oh, and you can smoke, since it's a casino I expected this but doesn't make it a preferable experience.
2	Not a fan of slow service and decent food.I think the Blue Coyote refers to my mood and my belly hollowing and being hungry.  They ran out of a product and they had to switch it up which is not a big deal.  They made it work and that's what I appreciate.  We ordered the Drums of Heaven which I heard was really good.  They didn't have the right Chicken but substituted with another.  I thought it was pretty good since the brown sauce is usually really salty, but this one wasn't. My sister and I each ordered a burger.  Mines was well done, real.... well.  It was somewhat dry in the middle plus I didn't care too much for the condiments.  I actually had to add ketchup, which I generally don't when ordering a hamburgers.  I would say the fries were my favorite.  Steak potato fries are yummy, but my I'm sure my love handles are screaming at me!The ambience was pretty strange.  It had that truck stop cafe feel with some modern pop.  The Sushi bar really made a difference to the feel, but it was really awkwardly placed.  I didn't think it really belonged and it should just branch out on it's own to attract more customers.  Blue Coyote Cafe doesn't really scream sushi to me.  The service like I said was slow, but I don't think I can blame our waitress.  She did a great job of making us feel welcomed and was really polite.  I think there was confusion on who was supposed to serve us in the beginning and with the missing ingredient; really slowed the serving of the food.  - Enjoy!
5	This is solely for the Spinach Salad I ordered EVERY night for room service staying @ Talking Stick. Maybe it is because I am Canadian, but this is the BIGGEST salad of life! Ok not like Cheesecake Factory size, but a damn good portion for late night munchies for a great price!Also when my fiancee and I got in late on Saturday we came down for dinner around 11pm and ate in the dining room. I wish so badly I could rem the lady that served us, but wow was she sweet! So attentive and nice! Brought me like 5 different hot sauces when I asked if they had any sauce. She wanted to make sure I got what I was asking for. Grrr still makes me mad that I can't remember her name to acknowledge her great service! Anyways, this is a GREAT place for late time food, order in/take out/room service!
4	I am impressed that they have such variety but do not lack on quality one ounce. No, I wasn't expecting typical shoddy casino food when I chose to eat here. You are in Scottsdale, after all. ~Fud/Drink~I chose to eat some sushi....at a cafe..... I KNOW, RIGHT!?! I paired it along with a sake and beer. I did not bomb the sake haha, enjoyed them both separately. I was impressed with the quality once again. Both the sushi and sake were surprisingly good and tasty given where we were at. I was very impressed with the sushi and sake combo. The waitress knew the differences between the different listed sake's, how awesome is that?! Just on the sheer fact that sushi at a cafe was superb speaks volumes of this place. I picked at my sister's and fiance's plates, both their dishes were great as well. I forget what they got, but I did enjoy them, I at least remember that. ~Extras/Rating~This is the best dining option at Talking Stick in my eyes. They have a wide variety of options, it  seems as though the waitstaff care about you and have some answers, and I do not feel as though I wasted my money. It is a bit out of my normal price range, but next time I come to Talking Stick, I will definitely eat only here! They get 4 stars for service, quality and variety of food, and for being a surprisingly good option based off of initial face value.
3	not the best place at talking stick resort. Often its hard to get the bartenders attention. however, good place to get a quick drink.
3	Went here with my girlfriend because Ive been craving sushi.  It was located inside Casino Arizona and we were seated pretty quickly.  The service was great and the food was not too bad either.  Not the best sushi Ive had in the least, but it wasnt the worst.  I got my sushi fix at least.  Would I eat there again? Sure.
2	The two stars is because my hummus plate was really tasty. Some colleagues and I stopped in here for a snack before leaving for the airport, and I was astonished by how rude and completely overwhelmed our server seemed to be by a party of 10. Every request was met with a sigh and a look that made it seem like we were asking for the impossible. I'm amazed that we were treated so poorly...
4	Had breakfast on a Wednesday morning, and found it fairly decent.  This place is a "cafe" so I don't understand the reviews that complain about sushi or service at the bar, did it use to be a sushi bar?  Anyway, it seems to be a Cafe now, and breakfast wasn't bad.Service was good, food was good, and prices and portions weren't bad.  It's an above average cafe for breakfast.  Not the best, but not bad.  I really can't comment on the Sushi or service at the bar, frankly it's not the kind of place I would go for Sushi or to hang out at the bar, so if that's what you're after, you probably get what you should expect.  But it's decent for breakfast.
4	Super fun night.  Before a show upstairs in the showroom, a couple of friends and I enjoyed dinner at the Blue Coyote Cafe.  What a place! The decor is very modern and it does not detract from the food or the company.  It is a little bit of a noisy place, but it adds to the excitement of the evening.Two of us had the Chicken Caesar Salad and I must say I was very happy with the salad. Not too much dressing, perfectly cooked chicken, fresh and crisp lettuce.  One of the best I've had.  The other one of us had steak and eggs.  She was very happy with her meal, as well.I also had a Mojito.  It was heavy on the alcohol (which I love), unlike most bars that water down the first drink to see if you will drink more.  It was terrific.  Very balanced and full of flavor.I would most definitely got back.
3	Trendy, chic decor. Friendly attentive service. Good prices. Food was fine, but nothing to rave about. I'd still come back as it was an enjoyable experience.
5	The Holiday special was quite the deal at Blue Coyote. The Thanksgiving buffet had a line a mile long, but downstairs I got a high top table in the sushi bar and dinner was on its way about 20 minutes later. The all white turkey was real of course and it was a good portion, but that wasn't the end. The whipped potatoes, the walnut, apple stuffing and the garlicky green beans were spot on great. They also gave you a cream of potato soup (or salad) and a pumpkin torte for desert, which was homemade. The total was only $18.95. I might return for XMas if they have this deal again.
4	Good experience.  Very attentive service, and pretty damn good food.  There are two shining stars of Talking Stick Resort - the hotel rooms and the Blue Coyote.  I had the mushroom ravioli and a Caesar salad.  I'd definitely recommend both.  One pleasant surprise?  The drink prices weren't out of control.  I had expected them to be horribly overpriced given what I'd seen at other places inside TSR, but the large Asahi was only $7.  A bargain, relatively speaking.
3	We had a group of 22 and they were very accommodating. They say us in 5 minutes and that's awesome! They had to work it out because the sushi bar was closing in less than 30 minutes.I am somewhat of a sushi expert and I say their sushi was great. From the Dynamite to the Surf and Turf to the Rainbow Roll. It was delicious. And the nigiri pieces were pretty big too. I would definitely come for the sushi and the prices were not bad. Even cheaper than some rolls at other places that weren't so high class.However, I was disappointed with the fillet mignon. It felt tender but it was a little overcooked. It was more medium than medium rare. It had a dryness to it. And whatever seasoning they had on it, it didn't come out that much. Yeah....Also tried the salmon and chicken. Decent as well. Well, if you are in the Talking Stick Resort gambling your money away, you might as well spend some of your earnings at this place. Food is decent. Sushi is great. Eat here... then go back to winning some more money. :)
5	Love the Fajita Nachos! Great combination of vegetables, chicken and cheese. The guacamole and salsa is yummy too!!
3	I had breakfast here one morning while staying at the Talking Stick Resort.  We were lucky enough to score an outside seat in the sun.  Being from Seattle it was so nice to enjoy breakfast in 80 degree weather in March!  I ordered the Belgian Waffles with fruit on top.   It was good but unbelievably sweet!  The eggs and bacon all came out good.  But in the end the food was just ok.  Nothing blew me away.   Our waiter was very nice an attentive -- but the rest of the staff kind seemed like they were just droids doing work on auto.
4	Blue Coyotes has never failed to impress me, especially with the causal and quick concept behind the cafe. The service is always quite responsive and knowledgeable about the menu. Generally when I go, I always make it a priority to order off of the sushi menu. Because my mom generally gets large dollar amount comps to the restaurant, we have a bit of money to blow so sushi is always a good choice. If you don't have restaurant comps, it is not cheap but not expensive sushi. Otherwise, everything else on their menu is very competitively priced. From their sushi menu, I have tried their salmon sashimi (which is generally pretty good- not the greatest I've had though), surf and turf roll (interesting but good), shrimp tempura roll (good), and then many others. Their sushi is always a solid choice, and usually never disappoints. Other than the sushi, I've gotten their mac and cheese which is really good, their noodle bowl (perhaps my favorite thing on the menu), the club sandwich (amazing), and some of their desserts. My favorite dessert of theirs is the brownie with ice cream on top which is really good. There are some photos I have posted of some of the meals I have had.
1	If you want to be made to feel like your bartender doesn't give a sh*t about you go to the Blue Coyote Cafe in the Talking Stick Resort and order some food to go. I was left feeling like I was a significant inconvenience to Robert. Add to that a pretty mediocre burger that in no way is actually a half pound as listed in the menu and you have a pretty solid equation for dissatisfaction. This burger was perfectly formed like the kind you can buy in a frozen sleeve from Costco. There was no real flavor and it was slapped together on a brioche bun for $10. Too much money for sub-par food. Before leaving, I had asked Robert for an extra set of plastic flatware but that request went unresponded to and he disappeared from view. So I left, wishing I hadn't tipped so quickly after receiving the bill, not knowing the service would deteriorate exponentially soon thereafter. Oh and the side salad I requested in lieu of french fries came with no salad dressing, a fact I did not become aware of until I arrived at my destination after leaving the restaurant.
5	Good sushi and open 24 hours.  I also had the steak which was pretty good too!
2	I had the cashew chicken. I could do better in my own kitchen and I am not a chef. The chicken tasted old   On the plus side the portions were large and reasonably priced but who wants a lot of old chicken?
