4	It's not very often that you can find a friendly Israeli owned and operated kosher restaurant. I've found in my travels that Israeli owned restaurant are unfriendly and usually have bad service. No idea how it happened, but Yafo has good food, really good service and the folks running the place and extremely nice. We were in Vegas for shabbos and went there twice. We had pizza, fish, french fries and falafel. The only item not up to par was in fact the falafel. It was dry and crumbly, the pizza is of the doughy consistency, but it has a lot of flavor. The fries are the frozen shoestring kind (pretty much everyone uses frozen fries) On Saturday night we got the veggie supreme pizza, which had feta, olives, artichoke, eggplant and pesto...it was real good.
3	EXPENSIVE!Do you remember going to an amusement park as a kid and having a great time but then afterward you look at your bank statement and realized you spent an exorbitant amount of money on food. Thats Yafo in Vegas! It is in a great location right next to encore, however they feel that due to the location and lack of kosher restaurants around they can charge whatever they want, $17.50 for a medium pie which is equivalent to around 2 1/2 slices is steep!!Food was solid but nothing to write home about and nothing I would go out of my way for. I had the cesar salad, 2 different types of pizza and the fish burger, all were eh.
1	went there with my wife  after 45 minutes we finally left.  They brought my food and then 15 minutes later I went to the kitchen to see where my wifes food was.  They were just starting it.  I brought back mine and told it was cold and asked them to remake it so it is hot when my wifes food was ready.  they brought mine back out in a new plate and it was the same I brought back to them.  Would never go back there.
2	When the restaurant first opened up in 2012, it was the model of fresh food and fast customer service. Living in Las Vegas, quality Mediterranean Kosher food is hard to find. I was happy to have found a good place to eat out.Fast forward to January 2013. Unfortunately, I had to wait 45 minutes to get my small pizza pie and was told that my falafel plate order was not put in because the waitress did not know it was ordered ( even though she reviewed our order twice to us). The place wasn't even packed with customers.  When the pizza was finally served, the dough was still raw and not well baked. I left the eatery disappointed and shocked that this place has fallen so quickly.Perhaps that day was not my lucky day at Yafo but glancing around I knew people waited a long time for their orders as well. I do not plan on coming back to Yafo, but I sure hope they start realizing they can do much better before they lose all their customers.
1	The good: A kosher restaurant on the strip next door to the Encore that is open late and is open on Saturday night.The so-so: It's a dairy restaurant and most of the food is premade and kept in the fridge. Even the slices of pizza you order come from their fridge. The quality of their food is below average.The bad: I ate there 3 times in the past 10 days and every time I got sick. I tried their personal pizza (dough was super thick and raw), the pasta marinara (pasta and sauce from the fridge, heavy on garlic) and falafel (just nasty).The very bad: The waitress was nice, but  she was being bullied and yelled at by the owner.Bottom line: Good location, but horrible experience. In my opinion, stay away!
5	It's finally possible to enjoy a Kosher dairy lunch or dinner in Las Vegas!Located right behind the Las Vegas Convention Center makes it extremely convenient for business travelers.Between the few times I was here I had; Fettuccine Alfredo, Baked Ziti, Pizza and a tuna wrap to go. All were really delicious.Service was great too.
1	Restaurant is Closed Closed Closed
1	Yafo is officially closed for business.
