5	As busy as I am, the possibility of finding time to lay out in the sun is next to impossible.  I started going to this particular Palm Beach Tan two years ago in preparation for my (first) trip to Hawaii.  The facilities are very clean and cheerful (bright yellow and blue colors) and I got the tan I wanted without much effort on my part.  During my weeks of tanning, I discovered something else, though:  the sessions were therapeutic.  After working all day, I'd go there and lay for 10-15 minutes on a tanning bed with nobody talking, no computer screen to look at, and absolutely nothing to do.  I was forced to relax.  I found myself getting a well-needed break and, oft times, falling asleep!  I left not only getting tanned, but getting rejuventated!I started up again this past summer in preparation for my trip to Acapulco.  During the winters, I can go on "break" so I don't have to sign up again for new membership.  I only get charged $5/month and then I get that money back (towards my fees) when I start going again.  Plus, their hours are such that you could go almost any time you want.  Very convenient!
3	I know tanning is absolutely terrible and I'll probably end up with skin cancer but nevertheless I go once or twice a week to help hide some skin spots I get on my legs during the winter.  This Palm Beach Tan is my location of choice because it's in the Park Road shopping area with all kinds of shopping and dining close by.  As far as tanning salons go, this place is the middle of the road.  They have lots of beds (around 20 total) with a few different types of beds.  They have the regular bottom of the line beds, beds with bronzing bulbs (a step up from the bottom), stand up beds, and the jumbo size melt your skin off talking bed with air conditioning.  They also have the spray tanning system.When I come here I always use the stand up beds because they don't cause pressure spots anywhere on your body like you get in a lay down bed (those spots on your shoulders that won't tan in a bed), and their stand up beds are a little stronger so I only have to be in there for 5 minutes.  Only tanning for 5 minutes is wonderful because you're not in there long enough to get hot and sweaty.  Plan on spending 20 minutes in a regular lay down bed.Their facility is fairly clean, but their bathrooms could definitely use some work.  This location gets extremely busy during after work hours, so be prepared to wait in line if you show up between 5 and 7pm.
3	It's pretty clean and The staff seems friendly...until you refuse to buy lotion and all of a sudden they 180 on you like you've insulted them. One guy told me its "his job to protect my skin," but let's not forget that I'm there to damage it. I like the atmosphere and the beds are nice but I'm terrified of being harassed about lotion every time I go (and I am). I continue to go but only because I committed to a month.
2	I received a coupon for a $10 test drive and thought I'd give it a shot.  You get to try each of the 4 levels of beds they have within a 7 day period. I know tanning is bad but I rarely do it and didn't want to get burned on an upcoming beach trip.My trial went really well until the final day when the girl didn't do a good job of recommending the time for a brand new level 3 bed which left me completely burnt. This is my health we are talking about here and all she was concerned with was selling me a package. Day 1 - I signed up and was talked into buy lotion even though I had some. My own fault but from then on, the girl was beyond nice to me.  I tried the level 1 bed for 7 mins. After my face a slightly red but nothing major. Day 3 - I tried the level 2 bed and the same girl was nice enough to recommend I try 8 mins but cover my face if it starts to feel hot. I did and i ended up with a little but of redness on my chest as well but again nothing major.Day 5 - I walked in and the place was packed. After waiting for 10 mins, I decided I would run some errands and stop back after. When I got back, all the level 3 beds were full so I did the level 4 bed. She recommended since I was red at 8 mins in the level 2 that I try 7 mins in the level 4 bed. It worked out perfectly. i covered my face and chest when they started to get hot like she recommended and came out with out any redness. Day 7 - My last day. since I had not tried the level 3 bed that is what i had left to do. This time it was a different girl. I told her i wanted to do level 3 and that 7 mins in the level 4 was fine but 8 in the level 2 was too much. So would 7 mins in the 3 be okay. She asked how i liked my lotion and if i wanted to try anything else. Then tried to sell me a package. I told her i wanted to think about it and she was quick to say okay your set in room 3. This is where everything went wrong. I left the salon feeling okay but with in hours could tell I was burned. Besides my face and chest where i had covered it part of the time I was completely burnt. You can completely tell where the bed does not get like my sides were not red at all. The issue with paying your staff on commission is that customer service often goes out the window when all they care about is selling. But I take great offense when my health is jeopardized because of someones carelessness. Needless to say I wont go back.
5	Member since moving to Charlotte in 2006 for spray tan services only. The staff here is great and always go the extra mile to make you visit special. Great deals on lotions and they have the best Versa machine. Tiffany is the best!
4	There are many Palm Beach Tan locations so this is a review of the one off of Woodlawn.  The first thing I noticed is that it is very clean.  Both the lobby and the tanning rooms are spotless.  The layout is open and airy and the staff are friendly.  I never enter without a hello or leave without a goodbye.  They also provide some small freebies in case you are in need (i.e. hair ties, deodorant, tissues, etc.).  There are a wide range of packages which also means there is a wide range of pricing plans.  I would definitely recommend going to the website and printing off a coupon.  There is ALWAYS an offer for a "new member."I personally do spray tanning since I try to be kind to my fair skin.  They have the latest Versa Spa which is great but the downside is that there is just one.  So for me, I've had to wait to close to a half hour if there is  more than one person in front of me (hence, the not 5 perfect star score).  It is especially bad right after work (M-F) or on Saturday afternoons.  However, it does seem like people doing the "regular" tanning have a quicker turn-around time.
5	Everyone that works here is always very nice and friendly. They push the lotions a but too much at times but I am always pleased with the staff. The facility is very clean.
2	I had a coupon for free tanning for a week or 20% off a package.  I never tan so I just wanted to use the free week before going to the beach for my anniversary.  The young skinny girl at the counter was so passive aggressive when I told her I didn't want a package nor did I want lotion.  She asked me at least ten times (seriously) if I wanted to buy lotion and I said no each time.  The GM was standing beside her (checking someone in at the adjacent computer) the entire time this conversation took place so he was aware of how she was speaking to me.  I would have walked out on the 10th time she asked if it weren't for the free coupon.  She told me she would lose her job if I got burned and that I NEEDED lotion. (Lotions have 0 SPF).  I did not buy lotion.Anyways, I wish I would have left when she was so rude because when I got out of the tanning bed I hit my pinky toe on an old rusty doorstop that wasn't even functional because the tanning bed blocked to door from opening enough to actually hit the door stop.  It totally gashed my toe open and when I came out I told the girl who checked me in.  She barely made eye contact as she said "sorry" and continued gathering used towels and glasses.  My toe was soaked in blood.After calling corporate I was offered a free month long package by the GM who was very pleasant (hence the 2 stars, not 1).  He said he would remove the doorstop immediately but I never checked to see if he did.  Anyways, if you go (but I wouldn't)... Watch your toes and be firm when you say no to a lotion or package... And be prepared to say no 157 times.
3	I had a spray tan before going to a wedding.  I did not shower for 24 hours.  You could not tell that I had had a spray tan 48 hours later.  I went back to them and was told that it must be my skin.  Definitely will try again since have good success before.Very clean location.
