3	Those looking for a solid hotel in close proximity to the ASU campus need look no further. At around $150 a night, Mission Plams provides a decent hotel experience at a fairly decent cost, close to campus. Unfortuantely, three clubs reside directly across the street, so if you are looking for a good night's sleep, ask for a room that is not on the front of the hotel. Instead, try to get something overlooking the beautiful palm tree filled courtyard. The showers are fantastic, a Destination Hotels staple. And, the brunch features a great omlette bar, and fresh fruit galore. Eat under the sun and palm trees in the courtyard and you'll feel like you might be in paradise :)
4	I really like this hotel. I often stay here when I am in town for school. Great location if you want to check out downtown Tempe with all their bars and shopping. No need to drive anywhere else. Also located right across the street. The rooms are nice, the pool and gym are nice as well. The gym is really small but if you are just looking to do a run, it's all good. Also, the "ASU mountain" is located right behind it which is cool! You can hike up that thing every day while you are in town. =)
4	I attended a conference & also stayed here.  It's a pretty hotel with a nice courtyard in the middle with lots of seating...great place to hang out.  You are in Arizona, after all.  I was there in February last year, & the weather was beautiful.  My room was not on the front of the hotel, so no noise problems for me.  It was on the side that faced the hill.The conference facilities were fine.  The room we had was around on the back of the hotel & I initially had a little trouble finding it.  The bathrooms were off the main courtyard on the way to our conference room, so convenient.  There was a snack kiosk in the main courtyard set up for us, so that was nice--lots of snacks.I did use the gym, which is upstairs on the roof by the pool (which I did not check out).  Trying to figure out how to get there was a little tricky too.  It's a small room, but only one other person was there when I was there.  It's conveniently located in downtown Tempe, so you can walk all over downtown.  My only complaint is that their shuttle apparently stops running after a certain hour, & my flight in was scheduled to arrive late (after midnight), so I had to take a cab in.  What?  No special trip just to pick me up?
2	Oh, how much I wanted to love this hotel.  I recently stayed here and was at first impressed by the beautiful courtyard and old Spanish style.  Its in a perfect location.  You can walk back from the Tempe bars, stumbling drunk and not have to worry about driving or taking a cab.  That's where my joy of the location ended.  The room seemed nice enough, but when I lied down in the bed, it was so uncomfortable.  I might as well have been camping and decided to sleep on a large rock, with no sleeping bag.  Overall, the hotel was nice, but the uncomfortable bed really messed up my sleep.  They really, really need to update their beds.  They bill theirselves as a luxury hotel, but their beds are definitely not up to Marriott, Sheraton, or Hilton standards.
4	I stay at this hotel 3 to 4 times per year for chiropractic conferences. It's a great location as you are in very close walking distance to numerous bars and restaurants (RA for Sushi).Rooms are nice, hotel bar has plenty of tables and an outdoor dining area. WiFi in main lobby and bar area and there is plenty of muni wifi signals from different parts of the community.I've stayed at nearly every hotel in this town and the Tempe Mission Palms is up in the top hotels.
5	Tempe Mission Palms is a great hotel.  The prices are not too bad, and it is in downtown Tempe.  ASU is right next to the hotel.  It can a little noisy if your room is at the front of the hotel, as it will most likely face the clubs the are on two sides.  There are shops are restaurants with walking distance which is really nice.  They have a great breakfast too, which perfect after a good night on Mill Avenue.
4	Stayed here a couple of times, and this place is all about location, location, location. It's a bit pricey, but worth it in saved cabs.There are a ton of restaurants around the place, and everything in downtown Tempe is within close walking distance. It's especially convenient for spring training baseball viewing because there are games all around it.The rooms are comfortable and clean, and the staff is more than courteous.
4	I actually live only a few miles away from this place, but every once in a while it's nice to have a change of scenery, not to mention access to a pool with a bar next to it and a bed within crawling distance of a dozen bars. So I found myself at the Mission Palms this weekend. It was a pretty good room, the pool was perfect, the sheets were comfortable, and I can't complain about the location. However, I can complain about the valet driver that messed with my climate control settings for the 6 second drive to closest parking spot in the whole lot. I don't usually like to give my car to a valet anyway, but the lack of self-park spots made it a necessary evil. The least they could do is leave it the way I fucking like it.
3	The wife and I stayed here for the weekend as it was close to ASU and my son who lives on campus. The price is right although the extra charges are a bit annoying that are tacked onto the bill for each night. Overall this place is within walking distance of many restaurants on Mill Avenue the ASU campus and football stadium. The staff from the valet, front desk and restaurant were very, very nice and helpful. The next time I stay here I will ask for a room facing the courtyard as any room facing Mill avenue will get some noise from the late night crowd and the in-room coffee is terrible don't I repeat don't make a pot of coffee in the room or you will be sorry.
2	If you ever teach a class on stereotypical Arizona hotel decor, take your students to the Tempe Mission Palms Hotel. It's amazingly cliche.Also, if you want to get shithammered at an ASU football game and bang a woman you met between the stadium and your hotel without stumbling far, stay here.
4	Hotel is a little dated, but the location is hard to beat.  Good pool and they have some interesting cocktails in the lobby bar.  The cucumber margarita made with CRUZ Tequila is amazina and I don't even like cucumbers.
2	If I had to sum it up in one word I would say, overpriced.as noted in many of the other rooms the location is ballerific. you are right off Mill ave and there are a ton of great restaurants (cafe boa!) and bars nearby. that being said, any park bench would rival that of the plush comforts afforded to you by the seemingly 20 year old beds at the mission palms.the room service and restaurant leave something to be desired, like... for instance, edible reasonably priced food. Even their bar food misses the mark.I gave the palms a second star only because the staff was nice enough and I did like the layout of the property. I would recommend trying anywhere else with in this same vicinity as the area is just great, but the palms is the opposite of great.
4	Things I liked about this hotel:- reasonable price (between $90 and $130 during the "off-peak" dates I stayed)-  extremely friendly bar staff and restaurant staff;  front desk staff was also very helpful, although the person staffing the guest services desk struck me as a bit of a curmudgeon (or perhaps he was only having a bad day)-  clean rooms with wireless access included- Location.  the ability to walk to Mill Avenue in a heartbeat made my trip so much more enjoyable.-  the pool was clean and well-maintained, and I appreciated the drink service.  This is of course standard fare for any good hotel, but not necessarily one charging only $90 a night.Things I didn't like:-- I stayed at TMP twice, and each time, I would get only hot water from the bath faucet.  Sometimes the left faucet would shoot out cold water for a few seconds, and other times it would shoot out only hot water.  Same story with the right faucet.  I simply could not get cold water reliably from the sink, which made some things (like shaving and washing hands) inconvenient and sometimes painful.  On my first stay, I thought it was a fluke, but during my second stay (in a different room, 1 month later), I had the same problem.-  Parking is a bit of a pain.  I really don't like using valet (I like being in control of my car and having my keys), and there are very few self-park spaces.  But I understand why they have valet -- otherwise people looking to hang out on Mill Ave would just park in their lot for a few hours, crowding out space for the hotel's guests.-  the TV's in the room are old/crappy, although I'm spoiled at home by my super-size plasma TV ;)---Overall, this would be the first place I would suggest someone looks when thinking about a visit to Tempe.  I am not sure what the atmosphere/service is like during, e.g., a busy football weekend, but I was quite happy with my experience during my non-peak visit.  And as I'm a regular now, I can understand why someone might consider a few aspects of it cheesy, but I think people new to the area will enjoy their stay here.
5	Stayed here in late July, the absolute worst time to come to Phoenix, especially if you live in San Diego.  That seemed to be the recurring theme that weekend  .... Where are you visiting from? San Diego.  Why in the hell are you here? .....  Anyway, was in town to help my sister move and hangout with some friends, I had originally booked a room at the Valley Ho and after one night decided to move over here.  We got a great rate here, summer + AAA, it was somewhere around $65/night.  The room was freaking amazing, it must have been recently renovated, everything seemed new and up to date and didn't look anything like the pictures on there website at the time.  The bed was super comfortable, and they had free wifi.  So I started out at the Valley Ho, which is suppose to be a 4 star hotel, and the Mission Palms is listed as a 3 star hotel.  Well Mission Palms is way nicer then the valley ho (and I had a suite at the valley ho).  I think it deserves a much higher rating, there rooms were a lot nice then a lot of 4 star hotels I've stayed at.  All of the employees were friendly and nice, the only downside would be the parking/services fee they charge, but hey it includes free valet and they give you free wifi and most hotels seem to charge this now anyway.  In the future whenever I need a hotel in the area this is where I'm going.
5	A great hotel in the middle of one of America's best party towns.  It is not a resort, but you don't go to Tempe to stay in a resort.  We have stayed there many times wit the MoChiChu chiropractic group.  Free airport shuttle saves a few bucks.  Lots of great dining within walking distance.  Love having cocktails by the outdoor fireplace.
4	The staff is really helpful.  I arrived without credit card due to a travel mishap and they were great about providing assistance to get me to a bank to help clear things up.  Their bell staff is friendly and knowledgable.  They can and will get you anywhere in town.  Room was okay.  Clean, well furnished and updated.  I had a window overlooking the courtyard and I would recommend avoiding that.  It can get a little loud at night.  Banquet food was good.  Not great, but good and plentiful.  Good variety of dishes for everyone from salads and sandwiches to hot dishes.  A few of the items were a little salty for my taste but with a buffet style service, if something didn't suit, you could replace it with something else.  The break service was astonishing--they really go all out!  If you are visiting during the right weather, do not miss the pool area.  It's fantastic!
4	Really liked it here! Stayed here on Valentine's day and were planning on going out somewhere on Mill but the room was so pleasant, bed so comfy the BF went to pick up dinner instead and we stayed in.Considering its right by ASU, the place is quiet (that's a good thing to me BTW) I'd definitely come back.
4	The staff here made the place awesome. They were friendly, on top of things (including when I lost my cell phone), and didn't really blink an eye at the crazy antics of the adult webmasters.I loved how close they are to food, bars, and even adult romance store on Mill -- I could just walk through the court yard and hit Rula Bula and RA.However, I had two things I didn't like as much. A) there wasn't enough non-outdoor, non-sunny space to hang out in. Yes, it's Phoenix and people come here to get tan...but I live here, and burn ridiculously easily. Yet everything was in the sun, because there was no large, sun-free area.  Also, b) while the lobby, courtyard and seminar rooms were nice, the hallways and actual hotel rooms seemed a bit outdated. Also, trying to find the pool with no signs? Not so much fun.All in all, a nice hotel and the perfect place to hold a pervert conference. I'm sure I'll be back at some point!
4	For a Four-Star hotel .... this one was certainly the upper echelon of the "four."The Staff were customer based.  They made our stay seamless.Our room faced the courtyard, and was roomy....  (bed was comfy-cozy)The decor was refreshing, robin egg blue paint bathroom... with teak counter.I am a fan.... (But one star off for being sooooooooo close to Phoenix Sky Harbor)
4	Had a good experience with the conference facilities and the hotel.  Real nice employees who attend to the guests.  Real nice facilities.  Unfortunately right next to the take-off/landing path of the airport so noise was a bit of an issue for the north-facing rooms.The restaurant was just OK, but that was probably my fault for trying the lunch buffet instead of a menu item.
4	If you are attending any event in and around Downtown Tempe, Arizona, I highly recommend Tempe Mission Palms. I stayed here the night before my wedding, and my wedding night, since my wedding was around the corner. Great location, great room service offering great buffet service, which I had available during the getting ready process: tea sandwiches, veggie platters, mimosas, we had to nosh, and they provided. The hotel also offered wedding guests a free pass to enjoy the breakfast buffet. It is really a great hotel to stay at, whatever your purpose might be while you are staying in Tempe, AZ. It is close to the airport, so you might have some fly bys, but you'll be in Downtown Tempe, close to bars, shopping, etc. Enjoy your stay in my hometown!
4	Favorite hotel in Phoenix.  Great location near Sky Harbor Airport and on Mill Ave.  Great mix if restaurants, bars and shopping on Mill.  The room was very clean yet nothing special.  The staff was excellent.  Stayed for 8 nights.  Another perk was having Hayden Butte right behind hotel along with being on the ASU campus.   The hotel is also within close walking distance to Tempe's lakefront.   Plenty of outdoor exercise options.   Starbucks within 100 yards also.  N
4	Awesome customer service by every staff member I came across! Haven't got that lucky in awhile! Never really enjoyed the hotel to much. Stayed there for a work event one weekend but I loved the room! So quiet and such a cute hotel. Perfect for when I needed to unwind after a long day of work! It was in walking distance of where I needed to be and so was coffee and food! Very vital. Next time I would like to chill out a bit more and maybe see the pool!
4	I've been to two events at this hotel both were great.  Staff handles food quickly and are very polite.  Everything was well prepared and the property is very clean and lovely.
4	The Mission Palms Hotel opened recently in Tempe. Business travelers from around the United States, have another comfortable location to wind down from a busy day. Located within walking distance of the ASU campus, there's always a nice variety of activities available. Need a challenging hike to start your day? The Hayden Butte offers a terrific workout to start or finish your adventure.
5	I had my wedding reception at TMP, and everything was amazing.  Debby, the wedding coordinator, was completely organized and kind.  She thought of details that I know I wouldn't have considered.  The catering staff was also wonderful.  At the cocktail hour, we were greeted with appetizers and beverages as soon as we set foot in the lobby.  Our dinner was delicious.  Everyone was impressed with the menu choice.  One of our older relatives had trouble chewing the steak, and they brought her a new plate with easier-to-chew food...I was so grateful.  Our reception went off without a hitch.  Everything went smoothly, and my guests had nothing but positive things to say about the reception and the hotel.  My husband and I also stayed in a great suite that night, and when we arrived, our gifts, cards, flowers, and even boxed pieces of cake were set up nicely on a table.  We also enjoyed champagne and chocolate "tuxedo" strawberries.  I would highly recommend this hotel for a special event.  It was cost-effective yet elegant.  Thanks to the staff at TMP for helping to create the best day of my life!
4	This is a nice pricey hotel in a great location. You just have to walk out the front door to be on Mill Street, with so many tasty dining and night life options. The Tempe Mission Palms has free valet parking (with a gratuity) a decent pool and an awesome poolside bartender. Mojitos were sans fresh mint, but still tasty!  I liked the turquoise walls in our bathroom, and how the French windows opened up into the courtyard. Sadly, I forgot that Easter Sunday was an uber busy day in the restaurant world, thus without reservations, we had to wander out for breakfast after a late night.
5	Great hotel. We stayed here to visit ASU and find an apt,  they drove us where've we wanted to go and retrieved us after we concluded our business. The staff is very helpful, the food in the restaurant was perfect and the rooms well appointed. I really can't find anything negative to say about it.  I will stay here again
4	Just finished a two night stay and had a wonderful time. The staff here really makes the difference - everyone from the bell staff, counter, wait staff and cleaning crew are over the top friendly. Another nice touch they offer is free Wi-Fi - thumbs up.
5	I'm heading to Tucson on business and my flight into PHX was delayed to the point where I didn't want to make the drive to the other side of the state last night. So I came over to check out Tempe, and found this little gem of a hotel by accident. All I wanted was something clean and affordable for the night, and I got much more. Staff was genuinely courteous, Fitness Center was much more than I expected, and there's a nice pool. The courtyard in the middle of the property reminds me of (a very toned down version of) the Royal Hawaiian in Waikiki with subtle palms and good accent lighting. Very clean property. Free WiFi (although the connection speed leaves a little to be desired), Free Valet Parking, and even a complimentary water bottle at the gift shop -- which came in handy because I went for a run outside and it's HOT!If you're here on a weekend during the school year, be prepared for Mill Avenue to be pretty rowdy (think: Bourbon Street). But I enjoy the energy it adds to the area. Didn't have a problem with street noise interfering with sleep. But an "ambient Frat-house din" was audible from the courtyard at night. I hope to stay here again. You'd be hard-pressed to find a better value.
4	I get to spend a lot of time here as I visit here usually twice a year for work.  This is certainly one of the nicest if not the nicest hotel in Tempe.  The staff is very attentive and has always taken great care of me.  The rooms and common areas are all very comfortable and it is very easy to get around the area as it is very well located.  The bar and restaurants are a bit pricey compared to everything else on nearby Mill Ave so usually it is better to go elsewhere.  As with most of Tempe the noise of airplanes flying overhead is very present but there are some rooms better than others for lessening this.  If your visiting Tempe and need a hotel it will be hard to beat this location.
5	Every year at Thanksgiving you'll find me in Phoenix, Arizona running from relative to relative, eating too much and usually leaving exhausted. This year was different. A friend recommended this hotel and my stay there turned the obligatory holiday trip into a real vacation. The hotel is great. Very clean, nice amenities, great beds and friendly- professional service. The rates were great. A couple of things that made my stay extra special: (1) pet friendly.... really pet friendly not just a couple of smelly rooms in the corner. (2) Pool, spa and gym open 24/7 ..... a real plus. (3) Great AM room service.... large pot of coffee, large bowl of mixed fruit tossed in cinamon yogurt with peacans... two breakfast bread selections all for $13 + service fee. What a great way to start my day! Nice job Tempe Mission Palms... you'll be seeing me & The Bullies again and again.
5	This is a fantastic hotel. Clean and comfortable, but most of all the people that work there are fantastic. Very accomodating and a pleasure to deal with. I highly recommend you stay here if your travels bring you to down town Tempe. Within walking distance of many restaurants, nightlife, and shopping options.
3	great location and nice folks working here. room good sized, "free" internet (hospitality fee covers this and transport to/from airport) and coffeemakers in the room with good coffee.  also small frig for milk for coffee and leftovers. icemaker down the hall.  room mostly clean but the comforter (covered by sheets) on the bed was not. yuck. also, sheets did not tuck solidly all night.  surprising that being in the flight path they did not do a better job of having triple paned windows to block the noise.  starting before 7am, planes fly overhead every few seconds/minutes.  many rooms open onto a courtyard where french doors open to allow some fresh air  WHEN there isn't cigarette smoke wafting up. non smoking rooms are great BUT, really, smoking should not be allowed where it can infiltrate the rooms.  that said, when people were not down there smoking it was lovely to have the doors open, hear the fountain and the birds chirping.plenty of towels, pool area nice and there are several areas where you can find shade and umbrellas. also plenty of parking. good location.
4	I come to PHX regularly but this was my first time staying in Tempe.  This was our conference hotel so I stayed in a pretty standard room for $200ish a night.  They tag on a hospitality fee to bring it up to around $200-ish and this gives you free WiFi and access to the hotel shuttle.The downside is that if you arrive outside of shuttle hours (ends at 10:30 pm so not great for late arrivals), you're still stuck paying the fee and have to cab it over for about $20 bucks including tip.That being said, the rooms are clean and a decent size with flat screen TVs and decent staff.  Bed linens are average and the bathroom is average.Super convenient location since you're a few steps from the restaurants and shops on Mill Ave... The downside is that Mill Ave is totally the university student hangout at night so there's a ton of drunk people wandering around and it's loud... I had a light to moderate amount of music/noises since my room was facing the bars... I slept fine, but if you're a light sleeper, I would specially mention it at check-in.Didn't use the gym since the weather's pretty much perfect right now (high 70s, low 80s) and super close to a great running path along Tempe  Lake.Would stay again here if I had to be in Tempe, but I would ask for a quieter room.
3	Very clean facilities, friendly staff, good-sized rooms, comfortable beds, breakfast buffet for corporate mtg was delicious.  Big drawback was the night time noise.  It is located right on the strip where all the bars and college kids hang out, so if you're looking for a quiet place to turn in at night, this isn't the place for you.  But if you're looking for a place with a lot to do within walking distance, than this is perfect.
3	My review for this place is going to be a little odd. I didn't stay here, I was an exhibitor at a convention here.Pros: Nice Meeting/Ballrooms. Plenty of space for a smaller convention to hold its events.Per the Con organizers it was the right price too.Cons:Location - In Tempe, tucked away, people were saying they had to drive by 3 or 4 times to find it.Parking - fills quickly and then you have pay to park for overflow. The convention was NOT the Phoenix Comic Con and people do not want to have to pay to park.Staff - They did not have the rooms ready on time as they agreed upon with the Convention organizers. Restaurant - Little pricey.So why you ask do I give this place 3 stars? I am so glad you asked that question.Because any of the actual hotel staff I dealt with were really nice and helpful. The convention staff/organizers short of only 2 people were extremely poor. So telling where the fail here was is pretty hard but the more I dug into it the more I would say the convention organizers were at fault.Would I stay here as a hotel? If the price was right, absolutely.
4	One of my favorite hotels. Well appointed rooms and perfect location. It's a Tempe landmark. The service is good.  And, I love the airport shuttle.A great value. My go to hotel for all things Tempe!
4	I'm usually a Marriott customer, but we had a work meeting in Tempe and this hotel won out by our meeting planners. And I have to say, it was an excellent choice. I enjoyed my time here (two nights) very much. The rooms are well apportioned and there is an in-room safe. This is a major plus. There is a fee of $12.95 which includes free shuttle service to and from the airport as well as wifi (signal was strong). Meeting rooms were very nice with outdoor entrances. I liked that. There is an employee who pimps these 10% off cards to the nearby Gordon Biersch restaurant. This is not a bad thing, but he could be a bit pushy. Every time it was near 12:00 noon if I was seen walking anywhere near the edge of the hotel property with my coworkers, the employee would literally chase us down to give us these cards. Once we just pretended not to hear because we were in deep conversation about something. He raised his voice "Sir! Gentleman! Gentleman!!" And we took the 10% off cards again. I'm not complaining as 10% off is a good thing. And it wasn't rude or anything, just a little aggressive. So one night we asked the staff at Gordon Biersch what the deal was. They chuckled and told us they give the Tempe Mission Palms employees free food based on how many cards they send over with customers. Can I get an LOL! I love it. So do the guys a favor and take a bunch of their cards. We all gotta eat! All in all, I loved the hotel but will leave you with a final thought (and you'll need to refer to a photo of the room toilet I uploaded to appreciate this). Not trying to get gross, or anything, but the toilet paper was located in a very, shall we say, "awkward" place. It was on the wall behind the sitter (notice I did NOT add an "h" to that last word) on the wall just to the right. Without getting into a TMI description, just take a look at the photo of the bathroom and picture how easy (or difficult) it would be for you to grab a handful of toilet paper without standing up. And I leave you with that...
3	The Tempe Mission Palms is a beautiful hotel, but it's missing some really key ingredients for me to love it. Let's start with the positives:* The hotel is big and beautiful. Everything is really nice here.* It's right beside ASU, and you can walk to all the bars, restaurants, and retails shops.* The rates are reasonable for the location.* The restaurant here is nice, and the room service is good too.And now let's talk about what isn't so great:* The technology here feels like it's stuck in the year 2000. The TVs are terrible quality, and there are literally no outlets away from the desk. For today's customer with a phone, a tablet, and a computer, there need to be outlets everywhere.* The parking situation here is terrible. There are a few spots on the side and in the back; otherwise, you have to valet. Even though the valet is free, the guys aren't always out front, so you have to call security to get your car. And you can't charge a tip to your room, so you have to try to carry cash with you for tipping.* The sundry shop isn't open 24 hours, so you have to leave the hotel in the middle of the night if you need something.* The people here just aren't that friendly. Much of the staff are students, and they definitely live up to the negative stereotypes that student employees have.The next time I'm in Tempe, I'm totally staying across the street at the Marriott. The Tempe Mission Palms isn't bad, but it's not great either.
1	First, I will say that I have been a regular patron of this hotel in the past. For my most recent experience, I was treated with extreme disrespect and disregard despite the fact I have chosen this hotel in the past. It was a Saturday night and my girlfriend and I had returned from a night out on Mill Ave. Things turned intimate on the bed, but noise levels were well within reason. We inadvertently left the curtains open on a second floor room facing the courtyard. We finished our activities and got up to get dressed and saw a security guard running across the courtyard screaming at the top of her lungs to close the curtains. Surprised and embarrassed, we immediately closed the curtains and sunk into bed to go to sleep. The security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up. As we were tired and not dressed and now that the curtains have been fully closed, we attempted to drift asleep. This only lasted a short while until our door was pounded on by the police. The property was asking us to leave. For what??? We had to pay a taxi to take us to another hotel and pay for alternative accommodations. At least this hotel was hospitable to us. We kindly requested a refund from Mission Palms as we were not able to stay the whole night that we rightfully paid for. It took three weeks for the management here to even respond and we were denied this request.  Couples and anyone else who plans on doing what this hotel thinks of as "indiscriminate activities" in the supposed privacy of the room you pay for, BEWARE!! Stay elsewhere!!!!!
4	I stayed here while visiting friends and going out to bars near ASU.  If you are put off by the proximity to bars (and drunks) and noise outside at night, this is not the place for you. In fact, you shouldn't stay anywhere near campus.  These things don't bother me, as long as I can't hear the noise inside my room, and with that in mind, I enjoyed my stay here.  The room was very clean when I arrived, well appointed, beds were comfortable.  Free valet service was a nice perk.  I didn't deal with any hotel staff other than the front desk and valet, but service at both was very quick.
3	I've never stayed in the rooms, this review is of their conference center.I've attended several ASU Football events here.  When they stage the events, they setup a special valet parking setup on the right side of the hotel so you can drop your car off at the entrance of one of the ballrooms.  It's very convenient to get in/out this way.  The banquet food is pretty good and the servers are always courteous.  They go out of their way to make sure you're having a good time.However, the hallway space in front of the ballroom is too small.  When they setup a registration desk, bar, and merchandise sales areas it gets very crowded with people.Their location in the heart of campus is their strongest characteristic.  Next football season I plan to get a room during one of the home games so I can easily walk to/from the stadium.Return Factor - 70%
2	Stayed at the Missions Palms for one night for my sisters wedding.  It started off bad.  I pulled up to the front, where there is only valet parking.  I was the only car waiting, and all the employees looked at me and walked away.  I honked and tried to get some of their attention, but  nothing.  Waited about ten minutes and just found parking myself, a good walk away from the front desk.Complained about the valet and the front desk, who gave me 2 free drinks at the bar which we did not even use.  The rooms are out dated.  My wife and I got horrible sleep, because of severe back pain from the uncomfortable beds.  We are only 31 years old.My wife got thirsty at night so she drank one of the $5 waters.  Checking out they would later give us a bag, that  was suppose to be given to us when we checked in.  In the bag was water, of course.  i mentioned to the front desk that we could of used this when we checked in, and my wife drank a $5 water.  She appeared to just ignore me and did even care. It is a good location, but there is much better places to stay.  Very disappointed
5	Great hotel- here for work- great atmosphere and quality food! Rooms are nice. Sheets and pillows very comfortable and nice. The pool is good with a bar right outside. Closes at 6pm during the week but that's ok. Really enjoyed the ambiance and nice summer feel to it. Great service and food the whole time I was here. Harry's Place( which has a deal with check-in) also Mission Grille for lunch had loads of options. Healthy too! Walking distance from many great restaurants and shops
4	Solid quality.  Rooms and facility are all clean and filled with quality furniture.  Location?  Central.  Whether you're here for an ASU event or for a weekend in Tempe, you're guaranteed to be within walking radius of the action.I was here during St Patty's weekend and the location was just superb.  Mills St is a block away, and it's surprisingly quiet for how much screaming was occurring on Mills.  Working out is nice too-- the gym is small, but the pool is bigger and more usable than your typical hotel pools.  And I'd highly recommend going for a run at the Butte nearby (the hill with the big A written on it).Staff are extremely friendly and professional.
4	Okay place nothing special. Good prices off peak though ($114/night). Close to downtown Tempe which is nice. Comfy rooms and all the basic amenities.
4	Our first time staying here was during the Tempe Festival of the Arts and it was really nice to be so close to that event and the middle of town, which is really lovely, well lit, and tastefully holiday decorated during the Winter months.The grounds are beautiful, the lobby is grand, and the rooms are decent (clean and quiet with large bathrooms).
3	Great location. Very clean. Room was just ok. Great shuttle from the airport. Hotel decided to test the fire alarm system at 9am. It seems that they could've waited until check out time so most people would be up and out to have less impact on the people staying here.
2	I was in Tempe for work the beginning of the month and decided to stay here based on some good reviews on Expedia (where I booked it).For the price this place is pretty subpar. It definitely has seen better days and could use some updating. The first night I was there I had 2 green flies in my room. VERY ODD since I didn't open the windows or anything and I am on the highest floor. They were quite pesky and good thing I killed them. It was not a good first impression!The second day I proceeded to shower and I slipped in the tub. There were no grippers on the bathtub and I luckily fell more on my side and not on my back. Definitely not a good way to start the morning.Also, walls are paper thin! I could hear the next door guests peeing and showering as well as the outside hallway when there was foot traffic. If you are a light sleeper bring some earplugs.The only redeeming factors of this place are the free airport shuttle service and its proximity to Mill Ave.
5	Gr8 stay here, location was the best. View was awesome, amenities were nice, staff was friendly, and with everything being in walking distance never needed to take a cab, bus, or anything. Would definitely return if ever  in the Tempe area again!
2	Tired building, and the 80s called and wants its bedspreads back. The lobby and outside entrance seem to suggest a much higher level of service/amenities  than you find in the actual rooms.  Also, this place is almost entirely dedicated to the large meeting trade, and you'll likely feel a bit out of place if you're not in the meetings. The proximity to the mountain for a hike, or the campus, are probably pluses if that's what you're there for.
5	Absolutely ZERO complaints here.  It was a PERFECT business trip.Lobby and staff - AWESOME!Rooms - VERY clean and includes in room mini-fridge and coffee maker. WiFi was FREE.Conference facilities - very nice and comfortable.  Conference lunch was also awesome.Lot's of restaurants and shops within walking distance.Tell your friends about this place and it's awesomeness!
5	Lovely experience on 2/13/14 - 2/14/14, as memorable as my first experience there in 2003.  My 4th floor room window opened to the courtyard below with its palm trees, water fountain, and lush greenery.  From the pool we looked up at the A Mountain, the trail for which we could access from the hotel parking lot.  Fitness center looks out to the pool area.  Tempe Mission Palms is an oasis in the midst of the bustling Tempe scene, and within 20 minutes of the airport, Scottsdale, and Mesa.  Perfect location.  TERRIFIC staff, always offering to help and ensuring a wonderful experience.
5	I was not ready to leave, beautiful, gorgeous hotel right in between all the fun in Tempe. A fountain right in the middle with open doors into the lobby, the friendliest concierge to tell you all there is do in town. The pool was beautiful, filled with people catching some rays. A bar is there too and they have the best mojitos. The rooms are large and updated with modern furniture and bathroom style. A bit more on the expensive side, but worth every penny.
1	The rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either.  I will say that the bar had good drinks and a good atmosphere.  The biggest thing that I hate about the hotel is the valet service.  They were rude and on both the occasions that I walked up to them by myself, they would not flag me a cab nor offer limo service.  Even when I asked they would not do it.  I ended up waving to one of the limo guys myself to get a ride.  Only the one time, when I came out with one of my co-workers did they offer to bring over one of the cabs.  I was there on business and we had an event at the hotel.  There were many cabs and limos around the hotel.  Next time I definitely stay at the Marriott down the street.   This hotel gives you the type of service you would get at crap hotel but with a much higher price.
2	While the room was nice, there were a few unforgivable issues.First - the room rate was ostentatious. I stayed here for a wedding, and the quoted price for a block of rooms was $145/night. You can imagine my frustration when I find out that the rooms here regularly rent out for about $110-$120 (at least on hotwire.com or booking.com). So basically, they price-gouged my friends planning their wedding, letting my friends and their guests think they were getting some sort of discount as a group (ridiculous). Also, there was an additional $20 "hospitality fee" per night that they don't tell you about until you check out. Let's be real guys - the room was $165 a night. Second - our rooms weren't cleaned. We did get out of there late (maybe 11:00), but I still expected fresh towels.Third - it was LOUD at night. The windows are single-pane, and the bar across the street plays insane house music. I felt like I was in the bar itself. I know, I know, the place is right by Mill Street, and this isn't technically their fault, but it's something I would keep in mind when planning for a group to stay at the hotel for a wedding. When I called though, they weren't surprised in the least and offered earplugs (which helped marginally). It was a restless night.Overall - definitely not even close to worth $365 for a weekend stay.
3	Nice hotel, somewhat fading with its decor and amenities like the pool and tennis court. Beware the fee and tax added at checkin that no one tells you about! Also great location in the heart of tempes downtown
5	I have stayed at a tone of hotels in and out of the valley. Tempe Mission Palms really took great care of us. It is a little bit more money to stay here then other hotels in the area, but they say, "you get what you pay for." That really holds true here. The lobby is nice and so is the staff. The bar area has everything you could need but is a also a little pricey.The rooms were great! Clean, well organized,  and looked to be up dated. This is an older hotel, but you can tell that they have put the time and money back into it to make it special. For a "Tempe" hotel this close to Mill Ave, it is amazing. The pool area is not bad, but they do take that, "no outside alcohol" sign VERY SERIOUS! I didn't think it was that big of a deal, but the 20 outside cameras around the pool area said different. Oh...watch out for that one metal strip that runs next to the pool! After a couple hours in the sun that thing gets hot, and if you are not wearing your sandals,  it will leave you hopping around.This place is worth the time to stay at, even if you are just doing a staycation.
4	I found this hotel through hotels.com and it seemed perfect being so close to shopping, restaurants and bars.  Some of the reviews before I went made me think it was going to be really nice from the outside and really outdated inside but that wasn't the case.  The lobby was very nice along with Harry's bar & grill, the courtyard with the fountains were nice and the rooms were fantastic.  There was no "80's" feel at all, the rooms were very modern, chic and very clean.  The bed was very comfortable and the duvet and the sheets were really comfy also.  The staff at the hotel were also very friendly and helpful. I was there by myself for work so they were nice enough to recommend places for me for food and entertainment in the area.  Now with school being out I did get an extremely good deal on this hotel, I had a rate of $77 and they do have the $15 resort fee but every hotel nowadays has that.  Parking is included which is a good thing, valet is gratuity only and there's plenty of spots in the back also.  I'm not sure how much this hotel is when schools in, I imagine a lot higher as it really is in a perfect location.The only negative for me was that the gym had no air conditioning. It was 111 when I was there last week, I was in their gym for 15 minutes and couldn't bare the heat.  I didn't end up working out the other 2 days due to that and I was a little disappointed about that.
2	Stay at the hyatt for a much better hotel, breakfast included there and it's AMAZING. Stay here cause it's on mill ave. not that nice, room is smaller than what you can get at the hyatt.
4	My Mom and I stayed here 3 nights. We arrived Thursday night about 11:30 and got to our room at 11:45. We needed to eat some real food before we headed to bed. We looked in the Guest Services Directory and saw that Room Service was only until 12 am. HURRY Find something yummy to eat. We ordered the Crispy Vegetable  Ravioli Bites, they were crispy ravioli, parmesan, parsley, and marinara sauce, and a Cesar Salad with baby romaine, grape tomatoes, pecorino, creamy roasted garlic dressing. They said it would be ready in 15 minutes, they were here in 10. The food was delicious! Not the typical room service, very impressed. When we first walked in our room it stunk, I couldn't figure out what it was but we had to open the terrace doors and the bathroom fan on to get it out. Bad part it lingered our entire stay in the bathroom and fridge area. But a lot of things made up for this stench. We were here for a convention and the breakfast, lunch, and dinner were impeccable. The wait staff was amazing, opening doors for us, making sure you never had an empty plate, or empty glass in front of you for very long. One of my favorite parts about being here for a convention was during breaks they had a snack shack that you could go in and eat/drink anything you wanted. They had a coffee/espresso/latte machine, small frig with milk, organic juices, chocolate milk, water, and Izze's. CHOCOLATE! ice cream after lunch, hot cookies, poppers, yogurt raisins, nuts, chips, hummus with pretzels, chips and salsa... basically anything yummy you would want to snack on. We made the mistake of keeping our window open one night to have fresh air come through, we got bit by mosquitos. So be careful if you are allergic. Overall we would definitely be back if it were for a convention.
4	It is a beautiful hotel situated on Mill Avenue and accessible to many restaurants and bars. I had always wanted to stay here and the service is great.
3	Staff helpful, free shuttle to take you to the airport or pick you up. Free wifi in the room. Denny's restaurant in 2 steps. Car rental on the other side of the road.
4	This hotel played host to an ASU graduate school orientation. While attending that orientation, I was given a room and breakfast buffet coupons. The room, buffet, and amenities were quite nice. So was the proximity to ASU campus and access to Mill Ave nightlife. One issue we had was that we could hear people partying at the bars nearby until 2am. In retrospect, we should have said something after the first night, but we were able to ignore it on the second. If we were't so tired, it probably would have annoyed the heck out of us. If you do stay here, make sure to take a look out your window and see what you're facing.The breakfast buffet was above average good. Not your basic continental buffet, there's a full on omelette bar, scramby eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, fruit, cereal, breads, etc. The seating area is pretty nice too, and the wait staff is friendly and quick to refill coffee and drinks.Most of my time was spent in the conference rooms. These were massive and well equipped for the 100+ students in my class. Given the location to the airport and ASU, this hotel a top venue choice for a company outing or seminar.
4	Gorgeous hotel in the heart of Sun Devil country.
5	I love the location walking distance to downtown. Friendly service! Clean well kept rooms. Thier pool was under construction but they were happy to shuttle you next door to another hotel with a salt water pool. I would stay here again if I come back to Tempe Arizona! :-)
4	Great location lots of fun!
4	Tempe Mission Palms Hotel is a great place to stay when you are attending a conference and when you are coming from out of state. I stayed for a night, October 14, 2014 at $183.95 + $14.95 hospitality fee. Walking distance to a lot of restaurants & shops. It has a nice courtyard. Only 10 minutes from PHX airport, the hotel provides a free shuttle service. The friendly staff helped me checked in to my room at 11:30 AM earlier than their 3:00 PM scheduled policy. The room was very cozy. The only thing that bothers me was the windows do not effectively reduce the outside noise which sometimes can be too loud.
5	AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!  Eric the shuttle driver picked me up from the airport ON TIME. He was very friendly and very courteous. When I checked in Rob was also very friendly, courteous and sensitive to the fact I was getting in from a long flight. Todd the bartender at the hotel restaurant epitomizes 5-star service. I had dinner there the first night and then when I came in 3days later he remembered what I was drinking!!! I really wanted some soup and they were out but he went over and beyond to get me some even though I just said not to worry or make a fuss. He was extremely personable and attentive...not to just me but everyone he waited on. You just don't come across bartenders like him nowadays...absolutely THE BEST!!! rooms are fantastic...food is great. I travel to Tempe on a regular basis and this is the only place I will stay!!!
3	The hotel itself is very dated, and the rooms are in much need of a renovation. It looks as though they tried to do some touch ups, but they need much more. The hallways are also very muggy and smelly. The staff is friendly, but the service was terrible. Now, on the conference side. If it was not for this side of it, they would get 2 stars. The conference staff was great. They kept us fed and kept this amazing snack filled with awesome treats. Every meal we had was really high quality and great variety.
4	I love the location of this hotel!  It is right downtown where all the action is.  It is a great place to host a conference.  They have nice large conference rooms, as well as smaller ones for break out sessions.  Mints and water are on the tables.  The best part of attending a conference is the snack shack!  They can easily host two large conferences simultaneously.  The hotel is also pet friendly.  The pool was under construction the last time I was there.  Apparently, you could use a nearby hotel's pool but I did not find that out until it was too late.  It would have been nice to know at check in.  The pool does have cabanas and it's near the gym.  There is a poolside bar too.I love how the hotel staff's name tags have their names along with where they are from.  Michigan was representing.  Also, they let me extend my check out on many occasions pro bono.  Granted, I was with two dogs and a nursing baby.The rooms are nice.  A big comfy bed, desk, wifi, flat screen, alarm clock radio with i-phone/pad/pod synching, nice sitting chairs.  Nice roomy bathrooms too.After your day you can hit their restaurant or bar.  Or if you are feeling adventurous explore downtown, hop the light rail to Phoenix, climb "A" mountain.During, a recent babywearing conference, the hotel even provided a conference room for breastfeeding and pumping.  But, they really knocked my socks off during my last visit.  The concierge helped us get to our room by walking our dogs for us.  We had our hands full with all our baby gear- we looked like we were opening a Buy Buy Baby with all that we packed.  Then she sent us a bottle of wine, mineral water, chocolate covered strawberries, a cheese plate, a chartecurie plate and  handwritten note thanking us for sharing our family with her.  That was five star all the way.
2	I love the location of this place! If you want to sleep it's a problem. The bars are blasting such loud music it shakes the walls! I called the manager at midnight and they said they would have to call the  police to come to our room to listen to see if it's too loud for the noise ordinance. They said it would be off by 2am or they could bring us earplugs! The manager definitely does not care about the customers and may be afraid of confronting the bar?! I stayed at Tempe Marriott at the buttes last night and it blows this place away! If you are 21 years old though, this place would be awesome.
