5	Little piece of Israel in Las Vegas.. nice ambience and great food
4	Found this place in a strip mall. Felt like middle eastern food. We ordered a flaffel and a shawarma in pita. Both were great. Shawarma was all lamb. Huge portion of meat in the pita. They also set out spicy olives carrots and radishes. Flaffel was moist with lots of flavor. Good deal for the price. Had a late night snack with leftovers back at the hotel
3	I would like to be able to give this place more stars, but our service was terrible. The food is great, their falafel is like no other. Our waitresses were really not in tune with our needs. We had to ask for beverage refills and for our check. I am totally down with family restaurants, but I always get uncomfortable when family members (children especially) can be seen coming and going and conducting family affairs. I feel like I'm invading their home rather than being a guest. Not to mention the 2 crackheads out front arguing was not exactly awesome...
4	Food was great. The staff was very friendly. However, the service could be better. This is the best kosher place in Vegas though...
4	Jerusalem serves the moistest, brightest green falafel. The falafel may be the best in town but I need to revisit a few of my favorites just to be sure. The 15 all you can eat salads at Jerusalem are out of control. Not your traditional salads--more like, hm, an array of one-of-a-kind sides--some healthy, some earthy, some tangy. The most memorable part of my meal? Biting into a lemon rind that had been soaked in vinegar. Wow!
5	Excellent!  Delicious, fresh, and clean.  Jerusalem Grill is close to the strip.  We ordered one beef dish and one chicken dish. Both were delicious. The pita was fresh, soft and warm.   The turkish coffee was delicious too.
4	Definitely some of the best Mediterranean food I have had in Las Vegas.  Its better than Paymons for sure.  I had the baby chicken well seasoned very delicious.
4	So going to Vegas is always fun, but the kosher restaurants there so far were Blah except for this place.  I went Monday Night and it was busyyyyyyyyy.  The service was amazing even for a Kosher place, who knew a Kosher place could have a friendly staff and they would be nice.  This place is and even better is the food.  The beef Kababs Yum so moist, so tender and sooooooo Tasty.  I really liked it.  I also enjoyed the Shawarma plate, baby chicken again really tasty and not fatty at all.  So when in Vegas and you keep kosher this is the place to go.  They also have Rib Eye and Lamb but did not try that yet.  I will be back.  They have been opened less then a year.
3	Had dinner here a few nights ago. It was pretty busy but we were served quickly. Typical middle Eastern fare, nothing exceptional, just good food and decent sized portions (not too big or small). A little bit hard to find as it's tucked away in e corner of a strip mall, but GPS will find you there.
1	Got turned away at 9:30, the sign says 9:45.  Guy in charge In a bull rush towards me and rather rudely: "Sorry, the rabbi is here and he decided to close the place early."  Hostess, while looking at the clock and in the middle of boss man's statement: "But it's only...".  Needless to say, I will not be returning.  Besides the place is a cramped cafe/diner and I didn't smell any food in the air.  The only thing in the air was boss man's nose: dark heavy set fellow with charcoal grey hair and hebrew/mideast accent.
5	Food is very good service is greatif you seeking meat look no further
5	As a group of us were in Vegas for 3 nights for a convention, and since Las Vegas has Kosher restaurants and Nashville does not, I opted to change up our routine for the last night. Previously we had dined at Canaletto and Nobu but I felt that Jerusalem Grille might be a nice change of pace and of wallet.Without trying to denigrate either of the other two restaurants, I will say that this was universally decided as our second best meal of the three - and it was $100 for the 4 of us instead of $300 or $400 of the two previous nights!We all got their bottomless salad plates - pretty funny to call it bottomless since there about 12 of them and there is little to no way we could eat more than one, even though we did try. We also had the schwarma (amazing), the falafel (very good), and the schnitzel (eh).The service here is a bit on the slow side, but they are very nice - a little Hebrew goes a long way. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely come here again.
3	The place was mobbed, loud, very warm and the tables were so tight my son was practically rubbing elbows with strangers.  We made the best of it by introducing ourselves to everyone around us.  There were 3 servers for 100 customers.   Be prepared to wait.  We were told the difference between theHamburger entree and the children's hamburger is the following:The adult hamburger is half a pound, while the kids hamburger is a quarter of. A pound.  Seems fairly reasonable right?!  We laughed hysterically when the kids opened their buns and discovered literally half a hamburger patty.  How challenging is it to mold 1/4 pound patties?!  Apparently they simply cut the 1/2 pound adult--size hamburgers for the kids.  Strange, but tasty.They claim the food comes with French fries --- VERY small portions.... We counted approximately 18 fries per customer.  perhaps a small handful--- not a true restaurant size portion.The best bargain/special at the Jerusalem Grill is the unlimited salad plate for an additional 3.99 per person, two person minimum.  Sounds pretty straight forward right?!WRONG!It took two servers, and the owner 30 minutes to clarify....  We were a party of eight, and two of us wanted the unlimited salad special.  But, NO this was NOT permitted.I will clarify the policy to save you a lot of time and aggravation:If you want to order the unlimited salad special EVERYONE in your party MUST order an entree AND add the $3.99 unlimited salad PER PERSON! If you are a party of 5 prepare for everyone to order entrees and add the 3.99 on top of  it, per person.... IF you are dining alone, you are FORBIDDEN to order the unlimited 3.99 salad.We found the policy incredibly disturbing.  Sorry all you single,divorced, widowed people...NO 3.99 salad special for you.  We felt like characters in a Seinfeld episode or a Woody  Allen film.  Jerusalem Grill is truly an alternate universe.The food  was tasty.   It was fresh, cooked and obviously Glatt kosher.  The hostess who seated us was exhausted, overworked, frazzled and a little brusque.  Clearly the owners wife.  She really needs more help.  It might have been nice to be welcomed with a smile and perhaps a cup of ice water while we waited.  It was over 100 that day.I actually felt sorry for her.  However, we didn't drive all the way there to be snapped at when we made multiple attempts to order the bottomless salad special.I believe this restaurant is worth the trip.  Especially if you are going off your diet to indulge while on vacation...  The 18 French fry serving is surely only 4 points on weight watchers?!Whatever you do, smile, take some deep cleansing breaths and DO NOT, under any circumstances attempt to order the $3.99 bottomless salad special.
4	Their food is good. I ordered falafel which came wit two sides, my choice was fries and salad. Their portions are big and the food was well prepared. I would have given them five stars but I think their service need to be improved. I was waiting there for five minutes not sure if I suppose to wait for the host to seat me or just seat myself. Despite the fact that their employs saw me, no one came and greed me. I finally walked to the waiter and asked if I should take a seat or wait to be seated. Other than that if you like Israeli food in Vegas this is probably the best choice
5	Good food and friendly stuff...Prices are little bit high but must be that way because its kosher food.Been there a few times and always left with full stomach and good taste on my mouth.
5	What an amazing restaurant! I am impressed with the food, the service and the attention to details!They will remember you when you walk in and what you ordered last time!The owner is a perfect host and a true gentleman!I come all the way from la to have great food!I will go back over and over again!Monica S
4	Food great the service isn't very good. The waitresses aren't very nice
4	Good food overall.A little pricey but it is Glatt Kosher in Las Vegas so it is reasonable to expect these prices.Soup was ok- not great.Burgers are very good. Shawarma, shnitzel, fries, rice- all good.Nice service.Place is clean.You could eat all your meals here if you are in town for a few days.
4	I swung by during my stay in Vegas and very glad I did. The shawarma in laffa is where it's at. Full of flavor, good portion. Tasty Kosher food 2 blocks away from the strip at a decent price = Total score._S
2	Not impressed at all. Food was mediocre and the atmosphere reminded me of the old kosher restaurants. I live in NY, where the kosher restaurants are nicer and food much better. The owner was obnoxious and rude, they were short staffed. The one good thing, it was nice to be able to have a kosher meal out.
5	I gotta say It brought back a lot if memories of the Middle East. The food and service were great. Even the older gentleman who owns the place was nice. He had this grouchy look but it added to the atmosphere, made it much more authentic. Even if I didn't like anything I would have been to scared to tell him. Lol. The salad bar was the best. They bring you little sides of salads and appetizers. Leave some space for the rest of the goodies. Will be back very soon
5	Great food great service. Love family owned businesses and this is no exception. Try the salad bar you won't regret it
3	I have a pet peeve regarding overpriced restaraunts and this is no exception. The place is overpriced even for a kosher restaraunt. The average plate is around $20 and a kids burger is a whopping $12! A kosher steak at a fancy restaraunt is about $30 to $40 and this place is not that, although it is clean and pleasant. However the food is good and the staff is nice, so if you got money to burn or have no choice, its fine. However, I would not recommend shabbat takeout. They charge $44 a person and its a complete ripoff. We expected nice portions of food and got very little in return. Very dissapointing. The food was also very different in taste compared to eating in the restaraunt, not very good and again the portions were tiny. Im giving 3 stars instead of 5 due to the high price and being cheated on the takeout. They should call this place jerusalem greed.
5	Jerusalem grill it's a quality fine dining for the meditarinian cuisine.The food and service are excellent and the environment is warm and friendly...Very recommended !!!
3	I sat on the patio today at the Jerusalem Grill this afternoon for lunch.  It was a nice day and as I was the only one in the restaurant i was served quickly.  i had a perigiyot in a laffa and it was ok.  While the flavours were great, the laffa was crumbly and much to large for my sandwich.  I found that most of the actual sandwich was laffa bread and not salad or the chicken.  The fries they served were standard the side salads were great.I'd go back this trip if I had to, but I think I'll try a few other places instead.
5	I have been here quite a few times now and always find the food fresh and great tasting. Service is great and, given the portion size, cost is quite reasonable. Highly recommended!
5	I've searched the website for a kosher meet restaurant, I had 2 result one of them says that he is 10 min from the strip u asked the taxi driver and he told me its 25 min driving!! I went to Jerusalem grill and I just loved it! The service was great! The food was really good ill defiantly go back there!!
5	Just had our last meal here and sorry I didn't research better to have ordered for Shabbat. The place is very clean and the food is fresh and tasty. It's been 2 hours and I'm not thirsty.  Good sign that its not overly salted! The hamburger hit the spot -hot off the grill and realized  how much I craved some meat since I last had. The hommous shwarma plate was also very good and the Harissa - both green and red added perfect heat. The grilled tomatoes and onions was a big hit for my husband and I.  We eat Israeli grill very often and Jerusalem Grill in Vegas rates very high. We even took another sandwich for the plane and it s been smelling so good since we left the restaurant. The service was very good and this will be a for sure stop/takeout next time in Vegas. It's pretty close to the strip.
5	i love this place ,and its always fresh and fastbeing local i always have jerusalem grill on my route at least 2 x times a weeki love the schnitzel as well as the shawarma equaly,,,,,been going there since they opened  and always leaving happy and full :}ned
5	I was extremely surprised by the wonderful experience at the Jerusalem Grill.  The food was delicious, the service was very good, even though it was packed.  The smiling attitude of the staff was a revelation.I was there with two non-Jewish business associated, who enjoyed the place thoroughly.  We tried three different starters and three different entrees, which we all shared to enjoy the variety.  It was terrific.  The helpings were enormous.The prices were very reasonable for a kosher establishment. I will be back!
5	Don't let the decor scare you away, the food is awesome! I ate here 2 nights in a row, had schwarma the first time and schnitzel the 2nd time. Both were really excellent and very fresh. The salads taste homemade. And the best part is that service is super fast and very courteous, we got our food within minutes, (which was great cause we were starved)
5	If you want to eat in a kosher restaurant in Las Vegas, I highly recommend Jerusalem grill.  The food there is fresh and tasty, the atmosphere is so nice and this place is very clean.  Very recommended.
1	Be very cerfull my family came from Israel we went to eat there and the guy overcharge them because they are not from here .we complain and he said don't worry and at the end he charge the same and he also had tip to the bill .i heard from People that not the first time the owner do that to costomer.
2	The $8 falafel sandwich was good with green cabbage and hummus, made a filling lunch on the go.  But aside from the sandwiches, everything here is wayyyyyy too pricey.  I paid $9 for beef cigars, and it was four tiny rolls of beef fried in flaky dough.  Put together, they're like one egg roll's worth of food.  I literally laughed out loud when I opened the container and saw how little that $9 bought.  :-(
4	Glad to say that the food is still as good as in the past. Keep it up!Also- very close to Strip so expect to visit a few times.
5	Fantastic place for great tasting food. The hummus was rich and flavorful and the falafel balls were crisp outside and moist inside with excellent flavor as well. Freshly made pita bread thick and warm from the oven. Try a little of the hot spicy red chili sauce on a falafel for a real taste sensation.  Highly recommend!
5	This place was to recommend to me and it lived up to expectations.  It was delicious and the service was fantastic.  Thumbs up for their shawarma and Chanukah jelly donuts.
4	The falafel pita was great! I loved it! I wouldn't go there for the fries though, kinda soggy (but still good enough to eat!) Everything there looked so fresh! Will definitely go back.
3	Falafel platter was pretty big. But the fries weren't very good. The baklava wasn't that great & over priced. Servers were friendly.
2	Meal was good, not phenomenal.  Schwarma and lamb were very good, steak was OK.  Service was fast and efficient, but a little discombobulated.  Getting seated was an experience, they tried to send us to their uncrowded dairy restaurant in the same mall.  They do not have a liquor licence, but if you want wine, there is a liquor store in the same mall that carries kosher wines.  And they will cork for you for free at the restaurant.  I would have rated them 4 stars, but they lose 2 stars since one of their employees stole my credit card.  After eating there,  I returned to my hotel and discovered $4000 in Skype charges were on made on my Amex at 11:30 that evening - probably after the crook got off work.  I hadn't used the card in a few days, so there was no doubt where the sticky fingers were.  I hope they fire/catch the jerk!  Maybe if I go back there, I'll just bring cash.
5	Went there a couple of days ago. The place was busy but not too much. The nice hostess welcomeMe and my girlfriend with a smile right when we walked in and told us she will have us seated right away. After 30 seconds we sat down and got 2 starters whice were reallly good! A minute after a lovely waiter named Eddie came and introduced him to us and told us about the place . Eddie was really professional and kind and pointed me to what he  thought i would like the most! I ordered the rib eye steak and my lady took the pargiot which is actually a baby chicken 2 skewer dish. For starter we ordered a humus mushroom and stuffed grape leaves. Eddie was really quick and fun and got our drinks and starters right away. The humus was sooo good it reminded me of israel and the grape leaves were delicious! And then came the main course! My rib eye steak was amazing! I asked for a medium and got exactly what i asked for! The meat was soTasty! I have had alot of steaks all over the world and that one was one of the best i had! My girlfriend dish was amazing as well. The dishes came with 2 side dishes each. The mashpotatos were awesome and the israeli salad was just like it is in israel! Our lovely waiter kept getting us everything we needed before we even asked for it, napkins, toothpicks and made sure everything is great! Our experience was amazing the service was amazing and the food was defiantly 5 starts! Way toGo jerusalem grill you will defiantly see me again!
5	wonderful staff, great food. burger was HUGE. could only finish half. hub got schwarma plate and he loved it. we walked in 10 minutes to closing and got treated as if we came in 2 hours before closing. perfect! will go back next time were in Vegas
2	Good food and friendly waiters but the staff is really bad at crowd management. Anytime there are more than 6-10 people in the restaurant, its a pain to get service or even seated. Would not recommend weekends or busy hours unless you wouldn't mind waiting for a long time.
5	I know Israeli food, and this place is pretty good.It has a very casual atmosphere, but that's how it should be.They have excellent felafel, shwarma, hummus, techina, pita, and all of the salads that you'd expect.I was there with a big party (7 or 8 people), but we didn't order any steak or chicken, because you can get that anywhere.I would recommend just getting the foods listed above, because I haven't tasted anything better out here.The service is very friendly and most of the staff speaks Hebrew, which adds to the overall authenticity. I'll be honest...The prices were higher than I anticipated, but my friends are kosher and they said that the prices were in line with other kosher restaurants.So, as not to insult them, I let them pick up the tab.If any other kosher friends or relatives come to visit, you can bet that we'll go back.
1	my wife our lawyer  and myself were there a week ago been several times but  it never gets any better--my wife ordered somehing what ever and something else was brought---and the waiter argued with her he does not know he that brings the gold makes the rules----my friend ordered a steak and it was as bad as the one he had a month ago ---I had pototes and chicken they can not murder that----but you get first class prices here and second rate everything else---and no i am no antiisrael food and i am a bigger tipper than most of you that go there but never again  frank
5	Got take out from here.  Had some excellent mushroom hummus and nice grilled chicken salad.  People who work there are friendly and take-out order was ready in less than 10 minutes.  Definitely will be going back here and probably trying their  place next door.
5	When you want to feel a taste of home, this is the place. All the Israeli food you can ask for. When you eat kosher, like me, there are not too many places to choose from, but even if there where, why bother go else where?
4	Great food. Service, not so hot.
4	Good eats, good service.   This is not the Las Vegas version of Prime Grille, so you wouldn't take your clients here to impress them.I'm an observant Jew so I'm just glad to eat where the food is good and the location is  near where I want to be.   This place is close to the strip and Chabbad.The shwarma was more than I could eat and the London whatever was delicious (and fast).Vegas can't compete with NYC or LA but if the question is "hungry?"  than this place is a good answer.
5	I had a great time eating here. Great food, great service. It's a simple yet cozy atmosphere. I have friends that love this kind of food. I can't wait to have them try it out as well. Thank you for the great experience.
5	Went 2x on our Las Vegas tripboth times were excellent - nice - convenient - fair priced
2	It must be said, this is a unique experience. It's just not my preferred experience.- Really. Expensive. Motzo ball soup is $7. A bowl of "Chinese" style chicken (why is there Chinese style chicken?) is $20. A steak is in the $40 range.- Seasoning. There isn't any on so many things. For example, the motzo ball soup was very basic in flavor as it is simple vegetable broth with boiled vegetables in it. The couscous is straight up cooked without anything to spice it up or flavor it. The Israeli salad was nearly dry as it had little to no dressing. This is all highly unusual. If boiled vegetables and simple cooked food is your thing, great!- The falafel was fried way, way too much. Hard as a rock on the outside, still mushy on the inside. Although the flavor itself was good.The appeal here is more than likely cultural. Those who love it more than likely understand it. To me, I see basic items at extremely high prices, unseasoned by design. It's an experience I'm not in tune with, but by the reviews here - many others probably are.
5	The best shawarma in townOpen late and  always hit the spot Great serviceThe best pita and HummosMake sure to ask for baklava )It's a killer
5	I took a group to Jerusalem Grill and I was so happy of my choice. Close to 30 people were given speedy service, delicious food, and were served so quickly I could hardly believe it.The staff was totally attentive to peoples' needs. We had two vegans with us and they filled them up with chumus, salads, rice and beans, Definitely the best restaurant in Vegas.
5	Was nice to have good kosher mediterranean food.  The service was excellent and the food was good.  More Moroccan Kosher but none the less prepared well great ingredients and fresh.  They offer special orders and Shabbat meals if you order ahead. Tried something different with the Moroccan cigars for an appetizer, very good as well.  A good variety and nice casual atmosphere.   The gyros looked good and smelled good as we all ordered dinner meals. Food was well prepared and the bread was served warm and soft.  I have nothing bad to say except after a great meal the dessert choices were limited to Baklava, was in the mood for chocolate cake.  Casual atmosphere some dinner choices will cost more.  I would recommend for lunch definitely and we did....dinner also good.
4	food was good but the service of the guy behind the counter was not so good.
1	last sunday we were going to give it a try and the smell of a dirty rug had us turn at the door !!!
1	We had hummus falafel chicken schnitzel and my son had a burger. Bad service because they had 1 guy waiting tables 3 people standing around doing nothing. Never got any drink refills. Couldn't get the check. Food was not that good. The cooks were either the first Mexican kosher people I have ever met or not kosher. Rice was plain tasteless, served with chopped tomatoes and cucumbers on the side, chicken schnitzel had zero spices in the bread crumbs, hummus had too much Tahiti in it not enough garbanzo beans, falafel undercooked in the middle, hamburger was well done instead of medium. Honestly we wouldnt go back. This is not good Jewish food I have tasted better anywhere. Don't waste your time. Our bill $78.00 overpriced not worth it. Very disappointed.  If there was a zero rating that would be my choice..:-(
5	Been to the place a few more times after i wrote the review and the staff did acknowledge my review and have seen a great improvement in service. Nice to see a restaurant taking feedback and ensuring their customers have a great experience. Will be hitting this place a lot more times now.
2	The food for me was ok but my friends who came with me the had some issues with the food the portion inside was almost less then normal the came and exchange it to another one it was almost the same not much difference The person who was cooking oh preparing the food to us look at us extremely angry just because there was not enough food inside of the sandwich  Plus no big deal here but I was supposed to get free fountain drink using yelp but I never got one
1	The food was simply not tasty, pita bread undercooked, same with the falafel, and when trying to address it there was no one there to get it :( Too bad, great potential. I don't see why if you are already in the kitchen cooking you wouldn't invest a little in trying to make it good, nonetheless eatable. This was a bad (and not cheap) experience.
5	This restaurant is fantastic! The service and the vibe is great! But most importantly the food was amazing! Best shawarma in town! It's the Closest thing you have, that tastes like food in Israel! Defiantly recommend this restaurant! 5 stars all day son!
3	This was my first experience in a kosher restaurant. I was a guest of two good friends from Israel and I'm always up for new experiences. With assistance from Yelp, I had a general idea of what I was in for and the reviews here are very helpful.We started with excellent hummus and warm pita along with a deep fried beef roll. It had a name but I cannot recall what it is.On the recommendation of our waiter, I ordered the Jerusalem Grill which was a combination of chicken shawarma and beef kabobs. I ordered the Israeli salad and couscous as my sides.  The servings were generous and delicious.Service was attentive but I had to request refills of my beverage two to three times.The enjoyment of the evening was with the conversation I had with my friends but the Jerusalem Grill gave us a delicious meal and informal setting in which to visit.I chose 3 stars simply due to all of the options you have in Las Vegas (that is if you are not keeping kosher) it is difficult to consider this restaurant outstanding, but it is a strong 3 of 5 stars in my opinion.
1	Wow I wanted to try this place and as soon as I walked in I literally saw a rat run right across the open kitchen. I couldn't believe my eyes. The waitress saw it too and pretended she didn't see anything!! I walked out and couldn't believe what just took place
3	Everything on the menu except for the sandwiches is overpriced. And the service needs a serious upgrade. For years, the consistency has been the careless staff and quite frankly, the food isn't good enough for me to put up with it more than a few times a year.Try to call in your take out order, but good luck getting them to pick up the phone.When you enter, if there's anyone else waiting, beware that you'll probably get ignored by all four employees who will inexplicably assume you are with the other customer- even though you guys walked in separately, minutes apart, and look nothing alike.Eventually you'll ask someone if you can place an order for takeout, and they'll act irritated that they have to give you a menu. They'll also give you the dinner-only menu that doesn't include the sandwiches, you'll have to ask again for it.When you finally get to this point, your pita sandwich can be made with falafel, shwarma, koobideh, or a couple other things. The first two are your best bet. Be aware that upgrading your wrapping to laffa will be an extra $2.50. $10 and a side of fries is decent for the wrap, which is packed with tahini, cabbage, Israeli salad, and the world's tiniest dab of hummus, but it's hella filling and can easily be your main meal of the day even without the fries.If you dine in, the all-you-can-eat salad for $3, added on to your meal, is a great deal...but be sure you will actually have room for it. And as others have said, the entire table needs to order it for you to be able to partake- if you're with more than one other person, it likely isn't worth it.
5	I love this place! I live in Santa Monica, CA and travel to Vegas for work around 3 times a month. I try my best to come here at least 5-7 times a month. The staff is so nice and friendly that I've became very good friends with them now. The food is what got me in the beginning. The shwarma is the bom! And the beef kabob and the shnizel sandwich all either on baguette or lags bread. Mmmm. I absolutely recommend this place.
4	I eat here every time I come to Vegas. I called today from Mandalay Bay and asked if they deliver and they said yes with a $20 charge. Great! Saves me the trip to drive come back and so on. I have only two complaints. The food here is large portion which is awesome but then again overpriced. I guess it makes up for it because the meals are always good. My second complaint is that the owner treats his employees very poorly. I myself have sat down with the owner and talked to him. He's an amazing guy but every time I come here I don't really appreciate seeing employees being treated like a doormat. On top of that, the service here is not the best. No one checks up on you and you have to wave up your hand to get someone's attention. Regardless, I will still continue eating here. If your looking for good kosher food in Vegas this is our best option.
5	I'm very picky when it comes to food, that being said: the place is nice and clean, we were welcomed with a big smile and warmth and the food was amazing!! I ordered a vegetable soup and beef in a pita bread.Everything tasted amazing especially the french fries;) sooo good I recommend!!
2	This restaurant is absolutely overpriced. I don't mind paying for quality food, although when the portions are not enough for a starving child, it is a problem. I came to the restaurant on a Sunday evening with my girlfriend and grandfather about 8 p.m. We were not greeted upon entry and not asked what we would like to drink once we were seated. Fifteen minutes after, we were asked what we would like to eat. We had to remind the waitress to bring our beverages. Upon ordering the waitress did not write down our requests which I found to be completely unprofessional. The food was mediocre at best. Every entree was at least $22 and the portions were not an adequate amount. My grandfather ordered the beef cigars, I would relate them to 7-11's taquitos. We all would have been better off with those to eat. They brought two sauces out which both were not of my taste. I have ate at many Mediterranean restaurants in the area and I would say this is two stars. Mazel Tov.
1	we came to the restaurant 4 adults and two kids The service was bad the waitress was angry and mad and the food not more than okay . The  waitress tried to cheat on ass twice first she didn't explain that we can choose a salad from the list and pay only for that end brought us all the salads and charged us eight dollars per person she didn't say there is an option to choose only salads that we want and pay for them. Second she added her tip $30?to her bill $135 she tote we are out-of-state tourist so she can make money on our pocket . about the food we ordered five portions first kids meal chicken and three meals beef kebab chicken and shawarma The kebab Was dry and wait no seasoning and it was burned over cooked. The chicken was okay. the shawarma was dry and over cook for long time it means people didn't buy long time Shawarma .  The restaurant was totally empty except One couple.  we didn't enjoy the meal and the waitress and all.
5	Lior love u your the best! Great service ! Gets you what you want... When you need it...free delivery... If you cant pay he takes care of you to pay him later... Love his family! Honestly i feel at home when i eat here! 10 stars!
4	Some of the negative remarks here had me nervous, but the reviews of the other kosher places in Vegas had me even more nervous, so I decided to risk it and go, and bring 5 non-kosher eating colleagues. Suffice it to say, we were quite satisfied. The ambiance is very plain, very much like an israeli "steakiada", but it was clean and well lit. Perfectly fine. We started either various Hummus platters and then had soups and various different main dishes - steak, schnitzel, Schwartz, etcAll the food was good and portions were generous. Yes, It is pricey, but all kosher places are. Don't think it was beyond the range given that caveat. The servers were native Israelis, very fun, helpful and friendly. Service was quick and efficient. All in all, I completely recommend it... Again, given what it is. This isn't meant to be a classy joint but it isn't a fast food place either.
5	The food is amazing and the service is great the atmosphere is very pleasant I wi definatley be back for more smells good clean and fast service
5	What a treat!  Great portion sizes, wonderful pita and luscious chicken. You don't have to be Jewish to love this great Mediterranean delight!  From the wonderful greeting you receive upon entering, and the yummy free appetizers, you know you're in for a great dining experience.
5	We walked in from the cold and they instantly offered us fresh mint tea. They were so nice, quick and the food was damn tasty. Shout out to Eddy :) !   :)
