3	I obviously can only give a Domino's a 3 star rating or else what would you think of me? but seriously Domino's is at least edible after decades of being part of the box it was delivered in. The cheese is stringy and tastes like real cheese, and the sauce actually tastes pretty good. Overall, I will at least consider Domino's for pizza when I want something quick and in a hurry.
2	I only give Dominos a second star because I love the pizza, but the customer service at this location is enough to make me give my money to Pizza Hut, Nellos, Papa Johns, or any of the other countless pizza joints within a 2 block radius.  My first experience at this location, I walked in and the manager was straight rude the entire time...even told me the pizza is not supposed to look like the picture..shortly after they came out with their take a picture promotion..lol joke was on him I guess. The district manager called me back and basically argued with me over the service I received.  I decided to go back last night (over a year later) to try my hand again.  Walked in, manager is still the same, one employee was standing staring at the computer screen in front of my face, said nothing.  3 other employees walk up and stare at the same computer screen, again nothing. Mind you I am standing 5 feet away from them with the counter and glass separating us.  They all have looked at me by now and are staring back at the computer screen.  Must be something super interesting.  Finally about 3 minutes later, one looks up at me again and says "someone help her".  About a minute later one of them finally looks at me with a " What do you want?" look on his face.  I said I am here to pick up an order for Megan Williams.  One looks for my pizza hands it to me and they all just go about their  business.  Not one word was spoken to me by any of the 4 employees in the store.  No thank you, have a nice night, thanks for the order, NADA!  OMG I have never experienced anything like that in my life and I have had some baaaaad experiences.  The staff at this location needs to be torn down from the bottom up and rebuilt.  There is better pizza around and closer. I suggest Nellos.  A bit pricier but the pizza is unique and the service is always awesome.  Very friendly...worth the extra money... If you are looking for cheap go with Lil Ceasers They are close as well
2	Price is right, but food quality is blahhhhhh.  I succumbed to the TV advertising and went to try again.  I was disappointed.  I got a large 3 topping hand tossed pizza.  Crust was crappy, sauce was crappy, and toppings were OK but sparse.  I would rather pay a higher price and get a better pizza.  I also got  16 piece box of boneless chicken too.  That was pretty horrible -- just dry pieces of breast meat breaded and fried.  Very dry and even though the breading was seasoned, it still was crummy tasting.  I think it would have been better with batter instead of breading.  Oh well, you get what you pay for.  These days, all pizza is not worth the money.  For approximately the same price, you can get a full meal at other restaurants.  The only saving grace to pizza is that it is finger and convenience food. But that is about it.
1	Worse experience ever. Doesn't even deserve one star.For some reason I was craving pizza, and since dominos is closest I decided to just go there and pick up a pizza.All I ordered was two small one topping pizzas and pizza bites. Well I was there for over 40 minutes waiting. I saw that the guy had forgot to put in the order which contributed to the long wait, but he didn't care.When I finally got my order, the pizza was cold, and I was pissed off from waiting for so long. When I brought this to his attention he just said "sorry" and walked away.Maybe if the pizza was decent, I would have been semi-appeased about the situation. But it wasn't, and I wasn't.In the future, get your pizza from somewhere else, because this place was awful.
1	I can deal with a long delivery time ( it's called being busy, it happens to everyone), I can NOT deal with being lied to TWICE!!!. Called after an hour to check status of delivery, " Your pizza is on it's way" (lie). 15 minutes later....same response " it should be there any minute" (lie). 10 minutes later...."So sorry, should be leaving in 15 minutes" Are you kidding me?  Never again will Domino's receive my patronage.
5	Very happy with our experience. Ordered online, delivered in 25 minutes. Did not get pizza, pasta was very good and so were the jalapeno  breadsticks. We will order here again, May try the pizza next time. Been years since had one from Domino's.
5	Awesome pizza every time. It's the only  place in town that i can get spinach on my pizza yea
4	Perfect for meetings where you need easy food.  Ordered Pizza online twice now with delayed delivery to suit my schedule.  No problem each time.  Pizza made correctly and  delivered on time.  Is it the best pizza--nope.  Easy to order, convenient, reliable, customizable--absolutely.  Sometime ease of convenience is worth more than taste.  Try getting fast delivery  or the correct order from the "better pizza" places.  I think not.
