5	I was in town visiting family and we decided to try this place since it had recently changed owners.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  There were not many people there when we arrived, but we were having an early dinner, and it did pick up before we left. Our waitress was very attentive and checked on us often. Our food arrived in a very timely manner. I had a salad with grilled chicken..good portion size and chicken was great (and I am very picky about my chicken).  My Dad had cod and said it was some of the best cod he had ever had.  My Mom had shrimp scampi and said it was excellent.  Portion was enough for two meals.  The presentation was very impressive--not just a useless piece of garnish or two on the plate, but very professionally plated.  My parents said they will definitely be eating there again.
3	My hubby&I were in for lunch-approx 1:30PM. Was just us and 1 other customer. Ordered tuna salad sandwich&potato salad. Hubby ordered the cheeseburger&fries. Refills on my tea were not fast enough for me,I had to find someone. Hubby loved his burger,Angus I think. My homemade potato salad was not seasoned-loved the texture, but had to add salt&pepper for any flavor. A few "quotes" written on the walls was part of the decor. One from the class of the local high school has a misspelled word!!!! "anticipate" They put it up last Sept and its still wrong. Everything we ordered came as we asked for;server got it right. We might be back another time.
1	We went here, and had not only terrible food, but terrible service.  It was their "Grand Opening" week-end.  The only steak they had left was NY Strip, so that is what we ordered.  We also ordered Calamari that had a great description, but when she took the salads away, and brought our steaks, she mentioned that the calamari would be out in a minute.  I said since we have waited over 20 minutes; don't bother, it was supposed to be an appetizer.  Cut into our steaks, that were black on the outside and purple in the middle.  At this point I am beyond frustrated, and told her we would like to pay for our drinks and salad, and we will go.  She brought the bill, took $10 off and the calamari was still on the bill as well.I asked for a manager, and after 10 minutes no one came to the table.  I went to the register and asked if the gal could please allow me to just pay for the drinks and salad.  She said "I guess so."  I saw the waitress after we had finally squared away on the bill, and told her that my tip to her was to work someplace else if she wanted to make money.  Besides being slow, and seemingly uncaring, I felt that the management has a bit of growth to make this successful.  How do you run out of steaks on your grand opening, especially knowing the Rodeo and Homecoming were also this week-end???  Hasn't been a good restaurant in there since Sangini's (sp?)  was closed!!
5	Oh yes, you gotta come here!We are in & out of Wickenburg several times a year. We tried to hit this place for goat roping in the spring but we were too late. Well, it's going to be starting up next again next month and we're hoping to get to see it this time.In the mean time, go on in and enjoy the friendly staff and great food! We met one of the two owners, Kim, and she is a doll. My hubby got the catfish sandwich and claims it's the best fish sandwich he's ever had. I got the soup and half sandwich which was an outstanding meatball soup and turkey & cheese sandwich. The turkey was piled high! We WILL be back - goat roping or not! BTW, they will be starting up their "season" this weekend with live music the first Friday of the month, karaoke on Saturdays and call them for the goat roping schedule!Yeehaaaa
1	Our past two experiences at this place were less then disirable. We had stop for lunch many times and my girlfriend ordered a chicken salade sandwhich. They brought her a chicken breast sandwhich. she told the waitress about the mistake and the waitress took the plate back saying should would correct it. She brought the chicken saladwich back out and you could tell it was the same chicken breast cut up with some mayo thrown at it.We stopped in again sunday 10/13 night looking for a steak and a place to sit outside after moving all day. I ordered a ber and everyone else soft drinks. the waitress was already on the soft drink refills so i asked where my beer was. She said she would get it right away. after a ten minute wait i went to the bar to get it myself. The bar tender asked if i was ready for another so i told her i was still waiting for my first. She finaly brought me a beer. We ordered calimari and spincih chesse dip. the calimari was like rubber and she only brought 6 slices of small toast like sustance for 4 folks. Two of us ordered the ribeye and two order hamburgers. It took forever for the meal to get to the table. Amazing since there was only 4 other people in the place. We had to ask for silverware when she brought our meals. After ten minutes we had to ask for the silverware again. By the time we hade something to eat with the food was cold. I cut into the steak which i ordered rare to meduim rare it was well done.Convicted criminals see more meat in a meal then what was on that plate! One of the hamburgers has pepperjack cheese instead of american. I told them i would keep the incorrect hamburger for my luch tommorrow if they would bring a hamburger with the correct chees. The waitress agreed. She brought us the replacement hamburger and again it had the incorrect cheese. We asked them not to charge us for one of the hamburgers. The bartender got all snooty wanting to know what type of cheese was on the first hamburger. like it mattered ???The sides with the steak was a very small potatoe and about three to four strands of asparagus. I elected to have sweet potatoe fries to much of my surprise was a 1.99 extra when we got the bill. The sevice was terrible and so was the food.We will never return to this place and we live in Wickenburg. I thing we will drive to Phoenix before i eat there again.
3	This place was between a 3-4 star establishment. Went in there craving a steak and a pretty darn good steak is what I got. $19.99 for a thick cut ribeye grilled exactly how I wanted. The meat was good quality on par with a $50-$75 dollar steak. The mash was smooth creamy and hit the spot. The vegetables on the plate were an after thought and left something to be desired but I wasn't there for the veggies. My brother had the Caesar with salmon on top for a starter and he said it was pretty good which is saying a lot from him. When I first was writing this review it was at four stars and I still can't really decide 3-4. The wait staff was friendly but inattentive. At one point I had to leave my table to go order a drink at the bar because our waitress was no where to be found. The beers there are fairly priced at around $4 for a craft brew so cant complain there. With all the beer flowing there surprising they only had one Co ed bathroom. Not a place to bring the family on the weekend as the bar area can get a little loud and be prepared for some over served guests to come talk to you. I didn't mind this and found it interesting, but thought I should warn you so you know what you are getting into. The bottom line:Food & Drink was very good, and fairly priced. 4 starEverything else was...  2-3 star
3	3-4 stars, only gave 3 cuz I only ordered food and no drinks. Club and fries was good, good service!
5	Good food, dinner prices, casual atmosphere and service. We had the calamari served with some sort of  sweet Asian sauce,nice and crunchy a very unique flavor. The hamburgers were cooked just right with steak fries. They have a corn dish as a side mixed with beans interesting take on a vegetable. I like how they can revamp such common dishes and make it there own. The bar can use some work though, they have a well stocked bar with all the new flavor of vodkas and puckers but did not quite know what to do with them beside the old traditional drinks so what is the purpose. Need to add some fun speciality drinks to the menu with the selection they have.
5	We stopped here on a whim when we were in Wickenburg to take care of some business and we couldn't be more impressed.  Our server was super friendly and informative.  I asked how good the burgers were because if they weren't fantastic I was going to order something else.  Our server told me they were amazing and if I didn't like it she would make me something else.  She was right about the burgers.  Prices are good, burgers are amazing, beer is cold.  I only wish I lived closer to this place!  If you're in Wickenburg stop here to eat.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I don't come in often - The bar scene isn't my thing but I can always count on Morgan in the kitchen to cook up some deliciousness.  I haven't been let down by the menu yet!  Thanks!
4	This is an awesome bar, this true in the sense that its a place full of a lot of fun and heart. You can dress up or dress down coming here, Its a wonderful place to meet people and hangout, totally a new yorker place to be at!
3	I had a pretty decent burger here. Unfortunately the service was slow since they were understaffed. Only one waitress for the inside seating, bar AND outside seating. Pretty unfortunate since the waitress was quite nice but we barely saw her the whole time we were there. I enjoyed the patio since we could bring the dog (always a major plus for me!)
2	This place was recommended by the host of our hotel so we gave it a try.  Hmmmm..... well not really impressed. You enter into the bar area which was loud and crowded, which of course is fine.  The dining part is on farther into the building and in a cavernous room with booths around the edge but only a few tables in the middle.  It looked weird.  I ordered ribs which were extremely fatty.  However, the baked beans were delicious.  The chicken noodle soup was barely warm.  My husband had the chicken fried steak which he said was just OK.  He had the salad which also was boring.  All in all not a great experience.
3	It was late on a Friday night so I expected the place to be busy but it was totally empty.  Despite that, we stayed. Chicken strips were not breaded which was nice and they were tasty. Burger was good and the fries plentiful. Skip the potato skins, they were bland and hard and tasted possibly of freezer burn. Good prices and location, filled the need for road trip grub.
2	Weird. I left the Mecca and decided to come to the Feed Company... But there was a cockroach in their bathroom that came out of the drain in the stand up urial. At least it didn't have chewing tobacco that was a couple days old on it.
