5	I love me some TCBY. I've come here at least 10-15 times since the place opened. The decor is very nice, and is hip and modern. There are a lot of flavors to choose from, from root beer float to vanilla to tart. Some of the flavors are great, some are just plain bad. There are a wide variety of toppings, including fresh fruit and loads of candy. The yogurt tastes good, although it could be a little more creamy. It's a great alternative to heavy, thick ice cream.
5	Many delicious yogurt flavors & topping to choose from, friendly & helpful staff, & very clean!
3	I applaud TCBY for reinventing themselves to keep up with the plethora of other frozen yogurt joints around this city.  HOWEVER--I don't think they are among the best of the best when it comes to the self-serving froyo world.In theory, they had it ALL...clean spot, great toppings, flavors that sounded amazing, healthier options, etc.  We tried a couple of the flavors and they just didn't live up to our expectations.  They SOUNDED amazing, ie, bananas foster, white chocolate mousse, toffee.  But, they were a little bland, tasted chemically-induced and just didn't have that creamy goodness that other places (ie Sweet Frog) have.The plain vanilla was actually completely tasteless.  The toppings were pretty good, a decent variety.  The hot fudge wasn't "hot"...it was clumpy and just not very good.  The peanut butter sauce was in a plastic bottle (other places have it warmed up) and it was very bland and so that was disappointing as well.Overall consensus...I wouldn't go out of my way to hit up TCBY.  They were good in their day and I appreciate the changes/updates they have made but I don't think they hold a candle to others.  It is a tough and competitive market so the product has to be on point to really make an impression!  They just fell a little flat for me.
3	The Country's Best Yogurt? I don't know if they were when they named the place, and I don't know if they are now that they are now - but they are one of about a zillion yogurt places in Charlotte, and there is really little to differentiate them from any of the others.On the plus side, they haven't turned into a Sweet Frog (yet, anyway). Not that there's anything wrong with that.
5	THE COUNTRY'S BEST YOGURTSimply said.  Fast easy and you have full freedom over what you want and how much.  TCBY is incredible because the vast variety of flavors appeals to most and the toppings are to die for. High recommendation.
2	The new TCBY is delicious with good toppings; however, this location has mean staff. The guy working will not give samples and is rude. He is quite the "TCBY Nazi" and won't let you sample, change flavors or switch toppings-thus what is the point of going to a make-your-own fro-yo. I'd recommend going to a different TCBY location or Cold Stone if in this shopping center.
1	As are most ice cream shops, this TCBY is over-priced, but my problem with this one is that their small is $3, and there is no child size. You do not serve yourself, so you are stuck with their sizes. The ONLY option for a cone is a waffle cone---ridiculous--- and each topping you select is 50 cents more! Not worth it!
