5	The food is great and the staff are very friendly, funny, & helpful. Totally my new favorite!
5	I love Settebello! Napoli style pizza rocks my socks off! Get the Diavola pizza if you like spicy! Mmmm
5	This place is literally the best pizza joint in town. They are very traditional in their preparation and presentation. They import a lot of ingredients, and even some of their equipment directly from Italy. I eat here constantly, try the 'Misto', best appetizer ever!!
5	I have been patiently waiting for years for a west side location for this Henderson landmark.  Over the top best.  Josh our server could not have been more engaging, helpful and informative about the new location.  Only negative is I am sure it will be hard to get in once everyone know they are there.  I have a photo of the salads and pizza we had put cannot figure out how to post.
5	Always been fan of Settebello ever since I went too there first location in the District. So hearing about opening second location on the other end of town. Excited about not having to drive all the way too Henderson get me some Settebello. It just open this past week sometime so had my reservations opening week. They might still be working out kinks but honest everything went really smooth from service and the food still amazing! I had the pizza carbonara. One of my favorite pizza on the menu. Still taste amazing as always.The fried egg topping that think adds so much depth too any pizza. You get some of that good old fashion fried bacon and eggs he perfect compliment. Breakfast on pizza! NOm.NOM. I had dinner with brother family got too try few appetizers besides pizza. We had Arancini balls and was awesome! It first time every ordered them. I love outside perfect crispy golden brown, risotto was cooked perfect and creamy, and sits on tomato sauce that was nice refreshing light. You combine all the elements together really really good. Also had the MIsto and focaccia. The Misto presentation on long rectangle cutting board is art looking at it. Not sure which meat too eat first too the cheeses and decided hit the olive/artichoke next. The focaccia was great. It not your fluffy one that looks more like bread bread but much more thin and just has nice flavor. It perfect appetizer too compliment Misto. The service was definitely five star from the minute walked in everyone was friendly, waitress asked if we been here before (we like yup! so never had too go over the different style of pizza then most people think normal crusty crust) and if had any questions with the menu, and never had too worry about empty glass of soda. Well done.The only difference is TOTALLY different set up then the original one. Here the open kitchen is much more open kitchen one that as soon step foot in the restaurant can see. They have cool top end slicer that can see the cooks slicing all the meats for the menu. It lot lower ceiling, have little almost private dining area (not sure if could rent it out) more wine cellar that had few tables in it, the bar area interesting they had glass panel kind of separate the two areas but really connected, darker in general inside, and feels more upscale vibe then the first one. I am sure the sign out front not the permanent one since just open only banner. I feel like this one holds more people then the original one. Happy that have one on my side of town. Look forward too making more visit in the future.
5	First off the place is beautiful!  Its brand new, modern, but also rustickly charming.  The menu has more options than Settebello Green Valley.  Although Christy, the manager over all the settebellos, said that the Green Valley location would soon be added onto and the new menu would be added to that location also.  I love their food! It is definitely one of my favorite places to eat. I lived in Italy for 2 years and at the really nice pizzerias in Italy, this is how the food tastes.Here are my favorite dishes. The insalata Grande, the beet salad, the crustini con crudo, and my favorite pizza is the settebello.  Their desserts are out of this world! My favorites are the Nutella pizza, the s'mores calzone , and they have this salt caramel pudding with an armaretto cookie. That armaretto cookie when it comes fresh out of the oven is one of the best things I've ever tasted.If you love real Italian pizza and real Italian food then you will love this restaurant.
3	visited Settebello yesterday for a to-go lunch order.  I went with the "settebello" pizza ($13.50) - sausage, pancetta, mushrooms and pine nuts.  After ordering, walked down to Rocket Fizz to pick-up a few "artisan" sodas.  Returned just in time to pick up pizza and go my way.I felt the pizza was undercooked - very slight charring on the top of the pizza crust,  The mozzarella was not melted, a boatload of pine nuts, yet very light on mushroom..  Still, the flavors were there - especially liked the sausage and the pancetta.  I'm hoping this is simply a " working out the kinks" situation yet I wonder since at the time I entered the restaurant, I only saw 3 customers - what happens when there are 30 customers ???I'll return
5	Settebello has arrived on my side of town and I couldn't be happier.  Joining Bachi Burger, 808 Tapas, Firefly, and yes, Jollibee (halo-halo, y'all) in Village Square just means that there are even more options for some great food in one spot.  You can plan a date night with dinner, movie, and dessert in one spot (ColdStone Creamery is here, too).  My friends and I arrived on Friday night at 5:30pm because I was hoping to catch Happy Hour, but alas, Happy Hour at this location is Sunday-Thursday only.  Nonetheless, we still had a fabulous meal with great service.  The place only had two other parties seated at that time, but then it filled up by the time we left.  I had the arancini to start and the Margherita with mushrooms--carb city!  I only had room for two slices of the pizza, but I'm enjoying the leftovers.  The new location is sleek and modern inside with a view of the wood-burning stove from most of the dining room.  Their pizza is not for everyone, especially if you like Americanized pies from Pizza Hut or Dominoes.  This pizza is authentic Napoli-style with most ingredients imported from Italy.  If you've never had Settebello's pizza, now's the time to give it a try, especially if you live in the 'hood, too.  Mangia!
4	The service was great and the food was good. I've been to their Green Valley location twice before in the past and while I did enjoy my food at the Fort Apache location, it wasn't nearly as good as the original location. I'm not saying that it was bad but I didn't get that same "WOW" feeling that I got when I ate at the Green Valley location and I rather not pay that much for pizza unless it was as good as I had before.
3	This is a beautiful place, the service was friendly, attentive, and as far as I'm concerned can't be improved on.We stopped in for some pizzas and I just wasn't impressed.  We got a carbonarra which had 4 slices if pancetta and maybe 3 small leaves if basil on it, not enough for me.  The eggs are scrambled which really killed it for me.  The cheese was just a little light but not a problem.  We also had the mageritta DOC and 5 slivers of cheese is not enough for me on that either.  I like these pizzas a little thicker and more sauce so you can scoop it all up with the crust.  The dough was tasty and cooked very well.  Prices are right about par for a place like this.  I've had better wood fired pizza here locally and I do not go to pizza house for the decor.
4	I am not a fan of thin crust pizza, but I think Settebello has made me a convert!  I met some friends for lunch there this weekend, and had a really great meal.  They are experienced Settebello diners, and we ordered 3 pizzas to share among us.  We arrived just after they opened, and were seated right away. The restaurant itself is lovely and airy. Service was friendly and conversational.  We ordered the settebello, the bianca, and another pizza that was not listed on the menu (I believe it is called the "Raphael").  All of them were delicious. The dough tasted fresh, the ingredients were delicious, and I didn't even mind that the crust was thin- it wasn't too hard and crunchy.I am glad that Settebello is on the west side of the valley, and I'm sure I will return!
4	I had been eagerly awaiting the opening of Settebello in Summerlin for some time now and jumped at the chance to go last Wednesday.  I thought their Henderson location was the best pizza I'd had in LV so that's what I expected.  It wasn't the same but it was still pretty good.Let's start off with the restaurant itself.  The place is big compared to the original and they did an awesome job with the decor, open kitchen and cool bar area.  I look forward to coming back for happy hour multiple times.  $5 mini pizzas among other food deals from 3pm-6pm ensures that.  So my wife and I split the "Panzanella" salad (House Made Croutons, Cherry Tomato, Prosciutto Crisps, Red Onion, Fennel, Cucumber, Basil, Arugula, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, Red Wine Vinaigrette) which was good as usual.  I really like the prosciutto crisps since they're basically super bacon bits and could've used more of them but no biggie.   Then the pizzas came out.  My wife got the Margherita DOC which was topped with fresh buffalo mozzarella as opposed to the regular cheese and well worth the $1-$2 upgrade.  I usually get the Settebello pizza (Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil) but chose to get the Pizza Carbonara instead.  I should've stuck with the Settebello.  Why mess with perfection?  Pancetta, egg, mozzarella and crushed tomatoes just sounded so good but it didn't come together as well as I was hoping.Funnily enough, when the waiter came to ask how everything was and we gave our obligatory "fine", he just comes out of nowhere and says "Yeah.  I am kinda conflicted on the carbonara...." and just walks away.  Hmmmmm.  Not enough pancetta or sauce and the crust wasn't as well done as I wanted it to be.  But after all, it was still pizza and it was good but not the best.  My wife's margherita was great.  I still have a lot of love for Settebello and look forward to bumping it up to 5 stars.
5	Since opening a couple weeks ago, we have eaten here 5 times already.  Love this type of pizza and Settabello gets it right.  If you are looking for real pizza with quality ingredients then you need to eat here.
4	My large group enjoyed our time at happy hour here last night.  Really good food (the mini pizzas are large enough for a full meal and are only $5 during happy hour!) and drinks make happy guests.  The interior is what I would call "rustic chic," with dark wood everywhere.  Since the place just opened, service was not perfect (a few orders were misplaced and incorrect drinks were served) but the servers themselves were really nice and quick to correct any oversights.I can see this place becoming a regular venue in my happy hour rotation!  Yay for another great place on the west side!
4	Amazing service, good pizza, great atmosphere! I came here with my bf and we were both very pleased with this restaurant. We ordered the grande salad ( great choice), and the settebello. The pizza had a really good flavor, the only bad part was the fact that it was a bit soggy.. Other then that I totally loved this place!The best part of this place was the amazing service that  Maryann gave us! She was great, she gave us a little history of the restaurant and very knowledgeable of the products! Houpelly, you will get it!
3	Stopped in for lunch. We shared a pizza and a panini. Loved the pizza and the sandwich was good too. Came with a side salad that I really liked. The service could have been better. Not many people there yet we waited to be seated and served and then for the bill and such.One really bad note for the manager. When the waitress was bringing the food out she stopped the waitress and grabbed the plate then took it in the back. Then it was delivered. Well of course we asked why. Our waitress explained that it  was because there was too much salad for the side salad.  What could a pinch of extra greens in the salad cost??? A nickel???  My food gets yanked out of the servers hands right in front of us and stalked back into the kitchen for a nickel. Well that nickels worth of greens left a bad taste in my mouth and lowered the rating.
4	One of the nice things about running a half marathon is that afterwards, you can eat anything you want. So after burning what I tell myself must have been AT LEAST a million and a half calories in the Rock 'n' Roll, I told my parentals that it was critical we get pizza. Serious. Crucial. Muy importante. We rolled in to the new location of Settebello and the place is an Instagrammer's dream. It has a very refined, elegant feel to it that does not exude "pizzeria" in the slightest bit. Tons of #nofilter #woodwork #crafty #ilovepizza #canyoubelievethisisapizzaplace #noireallycant going on. La noche began with fried risotto, which were ravioli-like envelopes of breaded risotto, and a beet salad with creamy goat cheese and nuts. I think the risotto could have stood on its own without making a detour to the fryer, but the salad was a fresh complement to the pizza. The Family K opted for the Vico (sausage, fennel, onions, mascarpone, mozzarella, basil, olive oil) and Capriccioso (all vegetables - don't even bother if you're a carnivore), and the final tally had Vico in the lead. We were advised in advance that the thin-crust pizzas come out slightly charred, but the crust on our Capriccioso was just burnt, which is why it was Michelle Kwan that night and not Tara Lipinski. We learned that night that crushed tomato is OKAYYY but we don't love it. Since Settebello has so many options without crushed tomatoes though, I'm sure we will be back again sometime to peruse the other items on the menu. #nexttimeiwonthavejustrunahalfmarathonthoughughhh
5	Items Selected:Arancini - Risotto, Peas, Smoked Mozzarella di Bufala, Cured Meats over Tomato Sauce and ParmigianoMargherita DOC - Tomato, Mozzarella di Bufala, Parmigiano, Basil, OlioDiavola - Tomato, Red Bell Peppers, Spicy Salami, Crushed Red Pepper, Garlic, Mozzarella, Basil, OlioRafael - Salame, Garlic, Roasted Onions, Mozzarella, Oregano, Red Pepper Flakes, Basil, OlioPizza Carbonara - Tomatoes, Pacetta, Egg, Cracked Pepper, Parmigiano, Mozzarella, Basil, OlioSettebello - Tomatoes, Pancetta, Sausage, Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, OlioZeppole - Donuts Filled with Nutella and Coated in SugarCaramel Budino - House made Caramel Pudding, Salted Caramel Sauce, Whipped Cream, House Made Almond Orange CookieBella Mela - Sweetened Vanilla Mascarpone over Baked Pizza Bread topped with Fresh Cinnamon Apples, Caramel Sauce, Powdered sugar, Sliced AlmondsS'mores CalzoneMore and more well versed with "VPN-Style" and the questionable certification process involved as time goes on I have come to realize that this decidedly un-American pizza is an acquired taste as even some of my most well-traveled and trusted friends are not particularly fond of the pools of mozzarella and often liquid center but with that in mind it was a pleasure to meet with four like-minded pizza pals on Saturday at the only 'authentic' VPN pizzeria in Las Vegas, the newest outpost of SLC's Settebello.  Featuring all the standards of a certified parlor, inclusive of a hand pressed di Sorrento brick oven, all wood firing, and imported flour worked by hand it was perhaps with a bit of gluttony that a the decision was made to sample four of the restaurant's four signature pies plus the weekly special but in the end each and every one was an individually shaped, lightly charred, bubbly and balanced success.  Truly a space where the concept of quality ingredients and time honored techniques yield a superior product it was with two golden, creamy arancini that the meal began and then progressing through pizza both red and white, simple and complex it was perhaps most telling that the best slices of the day belonged to the Margherita DOC with a the Buffala Mozz briny funk finding harmony in the hand crushed tomatoes yet not to be outdone the eponymous Settebello also shined as the novel pine nuts and mushrooms added an earthen undertone to the pairing of cured meats.  Truly a place where not a single savory was anything less than excellent it was without hesitation that desserts were selected and again choosing broadly the rewards were myriad; a creamy budino on par with DOCG's for best in town a clear favorite amongst many while the Bella Mela proved just as well conceptualized as the pizzas though ever more subtle - a characteristic ignored by both the Calzone and Zeppole; the first harkening a campfire's smoke and the second soft and supple but both filled to bursting chocolate decadence and all the better for it.
3	went on an off night so it wasn't too crowded but it looks like a fun spot for an after work crowd.  we started with apps of bruschetta with crudo and riceballs.  the bruschetta was really good.  top quality ingredients all the way around including a nice crystalized parm cheese.  the riceballs were also good but it was hard to enjoy them with such a high price tag.  especially considering they only give you 2 balls.  for dinner I had the settebello pizza.  it was also good but it came out before we finished our apps and it could have used another 15 or 20 seconds in the oven.  it's not pizzeria Bianca but its pretty darn good.  we shared the caramel pudding for dessert.  it was good but half the size would have been plenty and the cookie was too similar in texture to the pudding.  I would have preferred something similar to a Chinese almond cookie texture wise.
4	Authentic Neapolitan Pizza and a Whiskey mule in a copper jar.  Bring it.  My brother in law is Italian.  Like Italian Italian.  He melts at this joint.  I melt for the cocktails.  Strip mall location, so meh there, but damn good.
5	I've really come to appreciate VPN style pizza. Because of the high quality ingredients, it truly distinguishes this pizza apart from any other pizzeria. Imported flour from Napoli, San Marzano tomatoes, meats from various American distributers and Buffalo Mozzarella give this place the ingredients to make one hell of a pizza. What we ordered:Arancini appetizer- not the best I've had, but I came here for pizza.Margherita DOCCrushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Simple yet exquisite. Yes I just used that word to describe pizza. Truly my favorite pizza here.DiavolaCrushed Tomatoes, Finnochiona (Peppered Salame), Roasted Red Bell Peppers, Crushed Red Peppers, Garlic, Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. This definitely had a bite to it, I like spicy food, the peppered salame gave it a delicious spice to it.Pizza CarbonaraCrushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Egg, Mozzarella, Cracked Pepper, Extra Virgin Olive OilMy very pizza with egg on it that I liked. I was a bit surprised myself. The oven cooked the egg perfectly to blend with the rest of the ingredients. This was an excellent slice of pie.SettebelloCrushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Still a classic. Along with the DOC, this is a staple when ordering here. Not usually a fan of sausage of pizza, but a total exception to my rule here.Pizza Special: Rafael (different special weekly)Mozzarella, Salame, Roasted Onion, Garlic, Oregano, Red Pepper Flakes, Basil, Parmigiana, EVOO. Excellent! This was my second favorite pizza sampled that day. Caramel Budino-very sweet, if you like caramel, this is the dessert for you.S'mores Calzone-it was essentially chocolate chips melted within a calzone.Bella Mella-Dessert Pizza was excellent, cinnamon apples and mascarpone was delish.Zeppole-nutella filled donuts. Need I say more? This was my favorite dessert out of the four we tried.For a true hand crafted pizza, this is the place I will come. Being the only VPN certified place in town, Settebello stands out from other pizzerias. Sign up to be on the email list and be notified of their weekly pizza special.*Sidenote, I really wish people would stop complaining about the pizza being undercooked and/or wet. This is what VPN style pizza is, it's not Chicago style, it's not New York style. Grimaldi lovers probably won't appreciate this style of pizza.
5	I have been a fan of Settebello for years and was excited that they opened another location closer to my side of town. I had the opportunity to have a meal with some fabulous fellow Yelpers last week and we had a five star meal, as expected. Since we had a larger party, we were able to order and share quite a few different pizzas and desserts. We started with Arancini for our appetizer, which was good and opted for five different pizzas, the Margherita DOC, Settebello, Carbonara, Diavola and the special of the day which was a white pizza. My favorites were the Margherita, Settebello and Diavola, although all of them were great. The Diavola had a fantastic spiciness that I couldn't get enough of. The Margherita was simple, but perfectly made and showcased the quality ingredients that they use. The Settebello is the restaurant's namesake and has the perfect combination of flavors, and I can never say no to a pine nut. My least favorite was probably the white pizza, since it had quite a few more onions than I would have liked. It was lacking for me, but my tablemates seemed to love it quite a bit They do have weekly specials, so it's a good idea to check them out on Facebook or sign up online for their newsletter for updates. Luckily, we were able to sample quite a few desserts as well while we were there. The Caramel Budino stole my heart the moment I read the description on the menu and it did not disappoint. This was one of the highlights of our meal for me. Flavorful and a great combination of flavors. The dessert pizza was heaven. Cinnamon, apples, caramel, powdered sugar served on their beautiful pizza dough. This was a great dessert as well. My second favorite of the day. The S'mores Calzone and Zeppoles didn't do much for me. They were good, but too sweet and chocolatey for my taste. That's probably just me, though. As a fan of Settebello for so long, this meal lived up to all my fond memories of meals with friends at the Settebello in Henderson and makes me wonder why it took me so long between visits.
1	This quite possibly was the worst pizza I ever had. I cannot wrap my head around how this place has such good reviews. I ordered the bolognese pizza and the settebello. Took 40min to get pizza first off. The bolognese was disgusting. It was like eating soup pizza. Was basically raw dough in the middle. I had one slice of the bolognese and was done. The settebello was raw in the middle as well but not as bad as the bolognese. The waitress said the pizza was soft but I was not expecting raw pizza. Just a horrible texture. Bring your spoon to eat your pizza at this place.
4	A very good option when you want a relaxing and delicious meal away from the strip...especially if you're on your way out to or back from red Rock.
3	Nice servers and nice atmosphere, but pizza was not bad, but not that great.  Salads were good, but they use arugula lettuce so it was bitter.  It would not be my first choice to get pizza and drinks, but if someone else wanted to go or suggested it, I would go then.  Just kinda so - so.  I have only been once so far so maybe another pizza would be better.  Not bad at all, just kinda average.
1	The worse pizza I have ever had hands down. Dough taste like a tortilla no flavor on pizzas at all. And maybe it's just me but I'd never have canned tomatoes and bags for flour as a display in any restaurant I work in. The one star is for the warm beats those were not bad teach the cooks to season better and they'd be good
5	This Settebello location is absolutely impressive when it comes to the interior. Maybe it just hit me because it was new and I didn't expect a pizza joint to be so nicely decorated. Would recommend for a nice low-key date night with a movie theater just steps away. Their pizzas  come in one size, which I approximate around 10-12 inches round. Perfect for sharing between two people or feeding a very hungry individual. The Pizza Napoletana dough is softer than your average pizza and is meant to be eaten with a knife and fork. The pizza is cooked in a wood-fired oven and I would liken it to a thicker version of Indian naan bread. Wonderful texture, in my opinion. Ordered the Vico pizza  with sausage, fennel, red onions, mascarpone, mozzarella, and basil. The sausage was nicely seasoned and all the ingredients complemented each other well.I made sure to save room for dessert which I think were called Bombolinis. Bombolinis, beignets, donuts, whatever... I love!
2	Been here three times, seems to be getting worse each time.I wish they could make a crispy pizza! The salads are under seasoned but not bad.
4	I'd never been before but a friend constantly raves about the place so when visiting this time, we made this the final gathering place for the trip. The staff was very friendly and helpful and saw to it that we got a great seat for our party of 10.First stop? The bar while waiting for the rest to arrive. The wine list is somewhat limited with only a few whites by the glass. Fortunately my favorite white was on the list. Pinot Grigio. It was nice and dry, not sweet, with a fruity linger. Very good stuff.The server in the bar was friendly and when he asked us if we wanted "water" I knew immediately he wasn't from Las Vegas. I pegged him from New York. Brooklyn even. He told us he was from Brooklyn so I asked him to say water again just so I could hear it. Where I come from when you say water, you're speaking a different language.As our party arrived and we moved into the main dining area, we were promptly seated without a reservation. They were very accommodating and friendly. Service was impeccable and she provided a nice flow to the whole situation. If I could give just the server a star rating, it would be 5, no doubt.I started off with another glass of Pinot to go along with my salad. We shared a beet salad and the Insalata Grande, which in my opinion was the better of the two. This might have been one of the best salads I've ever had: Mixed Greens, Fresh Tomatoes, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Pine Nuts, Cracked Pepper, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, Balsamic Vinaigrette.Pizza? Yes Pizza. On rare occasions I'm willing to violate my glutard status. We didn't know until after arriving that you have to ask for gluten-free a day in advance because that's what they need to prepare it. I think they're pickier than I. At any rate, we had the  Margherita DOC: Crushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. I think in order to truly enjoy this pizza you have to be a fan of the crust. This stuff was ultra thin and a bit chewy. I'm not saying I didn't like it, I'm just saying you would have to be a fan to truly enjoy it. It's not something you can pick up and bite but something you have to eat with a fork. For a lot of pizza aficionados, that's practically sacrilege. In the end and for me: The dining experience gets 5 stars, the service 5, and the pizza 4. Sooo, I'm going to give it 4 stars because you just have to go and check it out for yourself. Is it yea or nay on the pizza? That's what Settebello is all about, the pizza. I will say here though, that the VPN (Vera Pizza Napoletana) certification is impressive. The requirements are as follows: The VPN charter requires that members use only specific raw ingredients to create the pizza dough, that the dough be worked with the hands, never using a rolling pin and that it be cooked directly on the surface of a bell shaped pizza oven that is fueled solely by wood. The charter also requires specific types of tomatoes be used and only the use of fresh milk or buffalo milk mozzarella is acceptable. Settebello is one of only 5 pizza establishments in the country to be certified by the Napolitana pizza police from Italy. I guess that says a lot.
5	The pizza is awesome. I've eaten at both location and I like the atmosphere at this one better. They have a great drink menu also and the service was fantastic.
3	Definitely loved the atmosphere and interior of this restaurant! If I walked into this restaurant, I wouldn't think it would be a place where pizza was served. I would recommend this place for couples and or family dinners. Unfortunately, I did not really enjoy the food. We ordered the settebello and carbonara pizzas and it was just alright. You can definitely taste the difference between their pizza and a regular pizza from papa john's, I'll give them that, but I wasn't in love with it. We also ordered the cannoli and it was meh.
5	This is really REALLY good pizza!  It is different in that it is more European and rustic than the typical American sliced pizza.  The crust is different too.  It is really fluffy in the edges and the inside is really thin.  This makes eating it a little messy but totally worth it.  Their pizza is traditionally served unsliced and you eat it by tearing off little bits.  Good fun if you are having your own pizza.  If you are sharing or don't want to be a mess they will slice them up for you!Here are some of the pizzas that I have tried so far:1) Settebello: This is the name of the restaurant, how can you go wrong?  It has crushed tomatoes, pancetta, sausage, mushroom, pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, and olive oil.  It is like an everything pizza.  So good.  If I had to choose one to be my favorite, this would be it.2) Pizza Carbonara: Crushed tomatoes, pancetta, eggs, mozarella, pepper, olive oil.  The eggs are mixed in with the chesse.  This is another tomato sauce pizza that is really good.3) Emilia (white pizza): Prosciutto, panna (cream), mozzarella, parmigiono reggiano, basil, olive oil.  Excellent and tasty white pizza.  The creamy consistency is delicious.4) Vico (white pizza): Sausage, fennel, red onions, mascarpone, mozzarella, basil, olive oil.  The sausage and red onions on this pizza are delicious.Basically all the pizzas are really good.  The bruschetta is good too but needed a little salt in my opinion.  For dessert the Bella Mella: apple with caramel, vanilla mascarpone, and almonds was the best.  We tried the nutella pizza (so-so) and the nutella filled donuts.  The apple pie was the best by far.Come here for some great pizza and a food coma shortly to follow.  I fell asleep right after and didn't wake up to brush my teeth or shower until 6am.  It is powerful pizza.
3	It was a family night and I've been dying to try Settebello for the longest time and it just so happened I saw that there was one close to us. Away we went and we walked in and they had said they couldn't take credit card at that moment but luckily we had enough cash money to pay for the tab.We started off with the buffalo mozzarella with prosciutto. It came with a pizza size bread type thing as well which was a little burnt. The mozzarella was delish and it went well with everything. I ordered the Bianca. I wasn't too impressed with it and since it was such a thin crust it got soggy pretty quickly. My husband ordered the Capricciosa. We weren't blown away by that either. Overall service wasn't the quickest and most attentive (waited for more napkins for a good 10 minutes or so) but the credit card machine was back in working order. I wasn't too impressed and I'm not sure I'll be back when there's a lot of pizza places that I do love around! Sorry Settebello!
3	Had to try settobello after hearing it had come to summerlin. Pizza is very European .. Which I usually love. I felt like this pizza was almost undercooked in the middle. No real pastas on the menu either ..,sorry but If you want real pizza and pasta try dom demarcos down the street- it's amazing !
4	I struggled between giving this place 3 or 4 stars....the food was hands down a five star rating Caprese salad was amazing ( wish it was bigger) Margherita pizza on point Pizza of the week solo carne well made...should be added to the menu permanently If you like your crust more firm you should ask for it on the well done side Service on the other hand...We were greeted by the most friendly hostess I've ever seen in a restaurant...she too deserves 5 starsThey were busy but we were seated in less than 5 minutes Our waitress was nice too just really busy and to be fair our experience didn't go south until the end...we finished our pizza and I wanted coffee and dessert. We ordered tiramisu and Nutella pizza and 2 cappuccinos...when waiting a very large party can in and they sat next to us...not really a big deal but we did have to move our table down a little for comfort. Our waitress was given the big table as well as needed to finish ours. We were delivered our desserts but coffees were no were to be found and she kept going back to the big table to take orders while we clearly sat at our table ready to go.she finally dropped the check with no mention of the coffee....untilMy husband mentioned it to her. She was nice and apologized but said well they aren't on the bill so that's good...yeah I guess it is good.I just felt like our table was no longer important now that a table of 25 was there...my bill was still $100 and I still tipped her 20% so I feel I was important too. Just food for thought...and yes we will be back because the food is the bomb!
4	I've already written a review for the Henderson location but felt the need to write one for this location as well. The restaurant's interior is stunning and fits perfectly in Summerlin. It is much larger than the Henderson location. There's also a lot more open space rather than sectioned off areas, which I personally like just because I enjoy watching the guys working with the wood fired oven. Neapolitan pizzas should have a thin crispy crust that is chewy and moist at the same time. The crust should be so thin that it is hard or impossible to eat without utensils. Settebello pizzas are just that...always messy but absolutely worth it. My favorite pie still remains to be the Vico. Thank you Settebello for the consistent deliciousness and awesome service. If you haven't had a chance to try Settebello, you now have two locations to choose from!
3	Let me start by saying that they are certified by the Pizza association of Naples, and it definitely shows, the pizza is delicious! I absolutely love their dough. We also have had a couple of their appetizers and dessert and everything was pretty yummy. My only complaint is service is definitely NOT up to par...I will probably return just because I know I'll be craving that pizza! Just as a fair warning, don't expect great service. During our last visit almost everything we wanted to order they had "run out of". I can understand this happening if they were daily specials that change often, but they were all permanent menu items. None of the servers seemed to be too thrilled to be there either.
4	For Napoli pizza, as close to authentic as u can get.  Owners are two brothers and a buddy that travelled to Italy and decided to bring Napoli pizza to vegas.I did not know prior to coming, but the Italian government has an agency called VPN that will certify that you conform to their standards when making Napoli pizza.  Settebello is certified.Their brick oven is from Napoli and two trainers were flown in from Italy, per the server.  In addition, on the way out, I noticed a dozen bags of flour with a Napoli branding.  Wow, authenticity is a priority here!The pizza's crust was very thin, soft, and moist.  As other yelpers have reported, the crust is too soft to eat with your hands.  Eat with a fork and knife!  I enjoyed the experience of eating their very traditional pizza.Temper your expectations on flavor.  Authentic Italian is not over the top....Come here on a quiet day and appreciate Settebello's strive to be authentic.  Chat with the staff for background info on the process and enjoy their pizza!
5	Great pizza and customer service.  I really like the Diavola. Love the big wood tables.
5	I LOVE this place.  I went on Friday night ....we were a party of three.  Had to wait....they were packed.  Friendly staff.  Great waitress...really nice and seemed to enjoy her job.  We ordered the warm beet salad and three pizzas.  I had the Rafael....out of this world...best pizza I have ever had in this town.   My friends were happy with their pizzas too. There were lots of families...and kids...so it's not a quiet place.  Great food and great prices.  Very fair.  Loved the atmosphere too.
4	Ok, without being the stick in the mud, I do admit that I am NOT really a fan of this style pizza.  It is supposed to be watery/runny/wet etc, and I don't really like that personally.  I've had it a few times, and even recently just to give it one more chance...but it's just not for ME. With that being said, I will review JUST the DESSERTS lol :Zeppole ($5.50): Fried Mini Donuts filled with Nutella & coated w/ Sugar. AMAZING! It doesn't get much better than this guys!!  I think about these every so often...I'd come back just for the Zeppole :)Bella Mela ($7): Vanilla Mascarpone, Cinnamon Apples, Caramel Sauce, Powdered Sugar & Almonds. Delicious combination! Loved the crunchy apples and the caramel sauce.  Recommended.Caramel Budino ($7): Caramel Pudding, Salted Caramel Sauce, Whipped Cream & Almond Orange Cookie. This was very sweet with all the caramel combined together but very tasty!  Just beware if you aren't a fan of overly sweet desserts.S'mores Calzone ($7): Filled with Chocolate, Marshmallow & Powdered Sugar. Very sweet...super chocolaty. This was the least favorite dessert out of the 4 we tried. So a cool trendy spot with a specific style of pizza that isn't for everyone...but at least the desserts are yummy!
4	I love Settebello.  The new location is super close to home.  The only drawback is I always end up spending too much money on dinner, but it's always delicious!
5	Review for new location on Sahara and Fort Apache:Loved the traditional Napoli pizza; it was on point! If people are complaining, they are not used to the real thing and need a trip to Italy to explore another part of the world. This restaurant is certified as well. The ambiance was lovely, modern with a warm, comfortable twist. Though the layout is quite open, it was still quiet enough to hear the person seated across from you. This restaurant could easily accommodate a group of 8 -10 for lunch/dinner. My friend dined here for a late lunch the week before, and he said their Happy Hour prices and specials were surprisingly decent. I will give it a try in the next few weeks. The server was amazing - attentive, knowledgeable,  friendly, and inviting. As many of us know, great servers are a rare breed now-a-days in LV as most act like they are doing their guests a favor in the land of Make a Living Off Your Tips. This was also nice to find at a new, trendy, hotspot in Vegas. (Server was Josh - he remembered my guy friend's name and is unfortunately going to the Henderson location permanently). The timing of the food was perfect, the quality was great, and the price was reasonable. Everything I tasted was delicious - not too much, not bland, and authentic.
4	I tried Settebello for the first time last night.  I had read the reviews of my Yelp friends and likes the sound of the Rafael pizza which was on their special of the day and it sounded good.  When I talked to the young man at the podium and told him I wanted to place a To Go order, I told him about the pizza and the reviews.  He told me he'd check and a short time later, he came back and told me they could make it but they didn't have the caramelized onions for it.  I told him to order it anyway.In just a few short minutes, the pizza was brought to me as I waited in their small waiting area.  I brought it home and it was very good.  It was also the perfect size for two people.My preference is still for thick crust, Sicilian style pizza, but I can see that Settebello will be on my rotation list.  And, I want to try some of the others as well.Good service and good pizza!
2	The food is delicious! If I was just judging the quality of food and flavored this review would be very different... That being said the service is awful. So inattentive and unapologetic it's hard to want to go back for the delicious pizzas. An early dinner with friends turned into a two and a half hour debacle of some of the worst service I've ever had. Order to go, and enjoy the meal in your own home. Or make sure when you go you have all the time in the world and the patience of a saint.
4	Went there for dinner place is nicely put together. Sat at the pizza bar ( which gets really hot after a while) and ordered a pizza and some salads all was good. They have a wood fired oven which is where they cook their pizzas. I will be going back definitely and try their other dishes. The only downfall is the place was pretty loud.
4	The Neapolitan pizza is different than what I am used to.  It is a good crust, but I still like a thin crisp crust.  Their menu for the pizza and the salads has unusual combinations.  The staff is very nice and helpful.  I like the interior and the atmosphere.  It is that combo of modern and friendly that works.Yes, I will be back!
3	Meh...it was okay. Nothing bad on their part...their style of pizza is just not my cup of tea. I prefer a thicker crust. Not bad. Just not the best pizza I've had in my life...I likely will not be going out of my way for a follow-up visit but if a group of friends wanted to visit again, I wouldn't be opposed.
5	Beat pizza I've ever had in Vegas . Truly authentic Italian style , good as the pizza I have in Napoli when I visit my family every year. I truly impressed , the salads are awesome as well ,
3	After hearing good things about the place, my friend and I went on a Monday night to try out their handcrafted pizzas. The interior is very beautiful for a pizza place, I like that you can see the pizza oven in the back of the restaurant. When we walked in, there was no one to greet/seat us, even though the restaurant was barely half full. We stood there for a few minutes before a server acknowledged us and yelled to a girl standing by the pizza oven chatting to the cook. That's when I realized she was suppose to be the hostess, but she obviously thought talking to the cook was more important. Moments before, a large group had entered the restaurant and stood behind us, and the hostess ignored me and my friend and immediately spoke to the guy behind me and asked if they had a reservation. Perhaps she thought we were all one party, but I thought that was pretty rude of her not to ask. When we were finally seated, we were unable to get menus right away because they had run out. How do you run out of menus on a Monday night when it's not busy? I'm sure the Office Depot down the street can make color copies at $0.25 each...Aside from that, our pizzas were pretty good. I'm not a big fan of pizzas, but I love the crispiness of the crust and how you can taste the freshness of the ingredients. I had the Vico, which was basically a white pizza with no tomatoes, and it was surprisingly very filling despite it being a very thin-crust pizza.Long story short - good food, subpar service.
1	Not a good experience.You know you're in trouble when you walk in to a place and you're greeted by three different people who offer to help you but then none of them do. All I wanted to do was pick up my takeout; 2 pies and a salad. I gave my card to one girl who stood with my credit card 5 feet away from me complaining to another employee about a previous customer for 3 minutes while I watched her not running my card and not getting my food. After finally handing over my food, I was asked if I wanted parmesan cheese and red peppers. You could have asked this before you went to get the food so you could have grabbed everything at once making my wait less but yes I do. Hot damn! Apparently those toppings are in short supply because I was given two packets of peppers and 1 ramekin of cheese that was so empty I could count the flakes. $39 bucks and I can't even have half a ramekin?Okay, well the front of house sucked but how about those delicious pies I've been reading about?I got home with our pizzas and salad and without saying a word to my wife she took a bite and said, "these aren't cooked all the way." Sure weren't. I knew this because I had to sneak a piece on the way home (to test things out as any good husband would do) and had the luxury of eating cheese that wasn't quite melted. On to the "bread" salad. There were two croutons in it. It was a sea of arugula. Back of house fail. Not sure what is going on with this place. It has all the elements of a good restaurant but the execution is way off. Whoever owns this place needs to step in quickly because the staff are not trained well and it shows. With so many pizza options, don't waste your time or money here.
5	Real Italian pizza (Naples style. Other places in Italy make it thinner and more crusty). The quality of ingredients is unbelievable (the prosciutto is so sweet, Parma style, the tasty mozzarella, the fresh tomatoes).They size of the pizza could be bigger.The service? Great! Same as food. Mariana was so nice and kind. She made our evening so comfortable and enjoyable. We really appreciated her. The price is ok considering the quality.
4	Love the pizza and the fancy drinks. Everything is so fresh and fast. Great ambiance and the staff is pleasant.
5	Where do I start, the pizza... too obvious, ok ok uh,  the meat.. Ya ya the meat! The prosciutto is better than any deli I've been to or maybe it's what that 900 degree wood fire oven does to it but it's lovely on my tongue. They don't have pepperoni, what you say, a pizza joint that doesn't have pepperoni is 5 stars? Yes they have a spicy salami and after,  you'll wish your pizzeria did too! So yes the food is fantastic, but without the service no matter how good it was you wouldn't come  back. They always greet you with a smile, make sure your cup no matter what it is, is always full.
5	Food was great, had the beet salad and goat cheese, loved the toasted almonds on the salad. We also tried the Margarita DOC pizza, super good a little soggy but all the flavors were there. We tried the panettone bread pudding it's super good. Ambiance was nice, will be back!
3	Far off the strip comes a beautiful place at a movie strip mall.  Rustic and industrial, it has a bar vibe, but safe for families with young kids.You got pizza, drinks, and beet salad - you have my attention.1.  The pizza that I ordered, The Settebello: Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil.  The crust was toasty with a medium crust.  The cheese was fantastic.  (4.5 stars)2.  The Beet Salad - good portion, but I'll pass the next time.  (3.0 stars)But the beet salad, the level of service (inattentive and flighty), and the cocktail I ordered (wrong twice)...lowers the rating of my experience.  Would I go back?  For the pizza, but I would sit in the bar stick with a beer.  Free parking.
5	VPN certified .. basically signed off by the Neapolitan Council in Italy ..means their pizzas are legit. I don't know what it is about the dough but my wife who doesn't really care for pizza was wowed, quite an accomplishment. I suggest initially ordering the margherita DOC. For dessert they do a great tiramisu (very light).
3	Had dinner there tonight.  The other yelp reviews are accurate.  The flavor of the pizza is delicious the sauce and toppings. I enjoyed it but the crust is thin which I like. But it is soggy and doughy when u pick it up everything slides write off. My favorite thing was the insulate salad fresh green pine nuts parm cheese olives it's very tasty. They have this amazing non alcohol ginger beer and it is so yummy. I had a coast land blond on tap beer also great. I don't think I would go back very often for this pizza :( sadly the crust is too soggy. Great customer service!!!!!!! But about 8:30 they start to rush u out and gave us our check before we finished our pizza and my beer
5	Great Neapolitan style pizza... Real wood fired pizza, slightly salty flavorful crust, panzanella salad and I love the Italian micro brew selection even if it has changed from the chestnut ale that was to die for!
4	Feeling like pizza, I called in a order for pick-up. The girl who took my order was friendly and said my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes. I headed over and upon walking in I was quickly greeted by the hostess who rang me up and asked if I needed any crushed red pepper or parmesan cheese added to my pizza box. I sat only for a couple minutes before my pizza was brought out. The inside looks very clean, but I was glad I placed my order for pick-up because it looked too trendy to be eating pizza in there. The hostess opened my pizza box and went over my order and asked if it was to my liking. It looked good!Priced at $13.50 I had the "Margherita DOC" and the pizzas seem to come in one size here. It is more of a personal size pizza, but not super tiny. I was happy with it and couldn't finish the last 2 pieces. The pizza has crushed tomatoes, fresh buffalo mozzarella, basil, parmigiano reggiano and extra virgin olive oil. The crust was light and crispy, while the center of the pizza was softer. I had trouble picking up the pizza and eating it so I used a fork and knife which I don't mind. The crushed tomato sauce tasted sweet. I loved the amount of fresh mozzarella that was on it too! I'd like to try some of their other pizzas so I will be back. They also have some salads that sounds good!
4	I was impressed by this pizzeria. This was my first visit to this restaurant and it was for a meeting with a party of 8. We were shown to the private room that was a bit tight for our group but luckily we all enjoy each other's company and didn't mind the closeness. The chairs were put together with no space between, so anyone with a big party BEWARE. The food was all delicious, they kept our drinks filled and sold us on dessert. Of everything, the risotto balls were the best appetizer, we didn't have a single bad pizza but the Blanca special was very delicious, and you can never go wrong with Nutella pizza for dessert. Skip the custard doughnuts.
4	Really good pizza and salad for the price. They think they are fancy with their wine list.  It is not that good of a wine list and my wife had a sparkling wine served in a red wine glass...yeah.  Half of it was wasted on the pour.  Stick with beer here.
5	All I can say is wow!! This is definitely the best pizza I've EVER had! The atmosphere is very nice and pleasant. The service is great, and the thin crust margherita pizza is absolutely delicious!! I will be coming here a lot more !!
4	Settebello is one of those restaurants that you come to on weekday afternoon and find it filled with the Real Housewives of Summerlin. Pizza here is a fork and knife experience:It's beautiful and impeccably decorated and full of cute (if I was 16, I'd say hot), young dudes. The space is filled with several booths and tables and a separate bar area. All of which are super comfy.The menu is limited: there's pizza, salads, desserts, antipasti, and several wines. Pizzas range between $8-13.50 and are 12 inches. (Pro-tip: ask for it sliced, as this dish is served in traditional Napoli style).My hot lunch date was my Gammy. She was pretty smitten with the boys & was flirting with them (and well received). You go, Gammy and you go, Glen Coco! We were promptly seated and our server was over in a jiffy. Drinks came the next second and pizza was ordered.First and foremost, I am a simple pizza girl. I just like plain old cheese. I ordered the pizza with the Buffalo Mozzarella (I'm a sucker for it), basil, crushed tomatoes, some other cheeses, and oili. It was simple. The crust in the middle is very, very thin. Making oversized NYC foldable slices seem like reinforced bricks, hence the need for fork and knife. The dough was delicious. Crispy in the crust and gooey in the middle (not underdone bread gooey either). My Gammy got the Pizza Bolognese. It was so good, it smelt and tasted like spaghetti in pizza form. My Gammy was sad when she found out they didn't have any actual pasta dishes there. She loved the sauce and she's picky and a New Yorker. Settebello has been on my list forever and I got to finally check it off and was not disappointed. Solid food, slightly inflated prices, lots of eye candy, and nice ambience. It's definitely a gem.
5	Giving a 5 because 6 stars aren't available.For 14 years I've tried to find a pizza like the ones I grew up eating back home in Italy. If you look at my other reviews you can tell I love pizza.The search is over. The first bite sent me back memory lane and I thought I was back home for a second. Not to mention there is a pizzeria in my small hometown of Modugno with the same exact name!The dough, the sauce, the mozzarella, all of it is top notch. Tried the arancini and a salad and they both didn't disappoint.By the time I was leaving I was already planning my next visit.
4	A friend and I came across this place hoping to eat something before a movie. The menu looked good and they were able to seat us right away. The decor  and the whole vibe was really cool.  Our server Juan was very friendly, personable and had good menu knowledge. We ordered a bottle on Kim Crawford which was yummy and started with a caprese salad. It was good but pretty basic. I would have like a bit more basil but I would definitely have it again and maybe ask for a bit of extra basil. We shared a margarita pizza. It was good. A bit doughy for a thin pizza. Too much crust but maybe that appeals to most Americans. But the dessert..... Was SOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD! The tiramisu was the best ive ever had!  They also had an espresso machine which we took advantage of!  We were able to have a full meal within an hour and fifteen minutes and were able to make our movie on time. I'll be back!
4	I like the ambiance inside, kind of dark, cool lighting, chairs, and decorations. We came with a party of 18 and sat in the back private room, which was very nice. The waiter was a little confused and would take a couple orders, then leave, then come back, then give some people pizza before he even finished getting everyone's orders. The food-pizza was gooey and soft in the middle making it hard to pick up (sloppy) and hard to cut (falls apart). I am not sure how you eat this pizza correctly! :)Crust was just right. We had the Setebello pizza and it was good but I would get something else next time. The friends I was with ordered desserts and although I did not try them, they looked amazing!
4	Located inside the Village Square center, Settebello is divided into two sections, both of which are serving up delicious eats. On the right hand sand, you've got a standard dining area with booths and tables. On the left, you'll find additional seating including some high tops and a full bar. One of the coolest parts about the setup here is that everything is very open, so you'll be able to see the wood fire oven from just about anywhere you sit.The menu itself is somewhat small. Aside from about a dozen pizza options, there's only a few other choices of salads, antipasti's and a couple meat trays. You're not going to find any pastas or sandwiches here but they've also got a decent wine list, a few cocktails and a handful of dessert options.This was our first time here and were told the pizzas were personal size. However, at about 12", it's a good size pie and for me, I'd only be able to finish the whole thing if I didn't eat anything else. As suggested by our waiter though, we ended up sharing a salad and pizza between the two of us. That was a perfect amount of food, while still having room for dessert. ;)For the salad, we decided on the Romana. I'm not normally a huge salad eater but I couldn't get enough of this. It comes loaded with arugula, artichokes and speck, then it's topped off with a good amount of goat cheese, pines nuts and dressing. The flavor was just amazing! It's salty, it's a bit sweet and the textures perfect. Everything on the plate was incredibly fresh as well. Just a great salad all around that I'd highly recommend.Moving on to the pizza, we ended up going with the Settebello to share. Want to talk about flavor? Talk about this pizza. It might seem like a lot going on when you look at all the ingredients but everything comes together so perfectly. The crushed tomato is great and their mozzarella is ridiculously tasty. And my new favorite pizza topping might just be pine nuts. Now, want to talk about crust? Yup, talk about this pizza. It's almost bread like in the center with a very soft, chewy texture but the outside is crispy and gets that awesome char from the wood fire grill. My one and only complaint about this pizza is the amount of toppings. There was a very small amount of sausage compared to the other ingredients and some slices even had no meat on them. Not a huge deal, but the could definitely be a bit less stingy with the meat.They're dessert worthy too! While a bit on the overly sweet side for my liking, the Bella Mela is definitely worth a try. The combination of apples, cinnamon, almonds and mascarpone is so good, you'll probably ended up wanting to eat the whole thing alone, even if you are full from dinner.So, when it comes to pizza, we all know there's no shortage of options here in Vegas. But if you want legit, Neapolitan pizza...Settebello is where it's at! Prices aren't bad and the service is excellent too. A solid 4 stores and a must try in my book!
3	Our family has a pizza place that we usually go to but one evening we decided to try something new. I heard great things about Settebello so that was where we headed. The restaurant has a dim romantic vibe to it, which didn't really suit us that evening since we had our 4 year old. I ordered a caprese salad that was delicious but nothing I couldn't make at home. My bf got us an appetizer to share. It was delicious, but I had recently got my braces put on, so hard crusty bread was not my friend. I had a SMALL bite of it and from what I remember, it was delicious. I believe it had artichoke, prosciutto, and ricotta (?)I forget all the toppings that his pizza included, but I DO remember that the center of each pizza (our son got a regular, kid-sized, cheese pizza) was soggy :( The sauce was delicious but a little too thin. The service was quaint and I remember our waitress mixing the two juices that our son couldn't decide on together, which he thought was pretty neat. I don't know if we'll be back only because we've already got a favorite pizza place, but the experience was nice.
4	Settebello, you let me down! There was one item that I had every intention of ordering and it wasn't there. That item was a budino, an Italian pudding-like dessert. It's simple, but when done right it'll make you wonder why you haven't had it sooner.Of course, Settebello is know for their pizza rather than desserts so I had to try one. I opted for the self-titled pie the Settebello ($13.50) with crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven sausage, roasted mushrooms, pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, and evoo. The interplay of savoriness and saltiness made for excellent flavors and the pine nuts added a crunchy texture that elevated the rest of the dish. My biggest complaint was the paper thin crust under the pie. I understand the Napoli-style makes for a wet pizza with a soft, pliable crust, but the lack of density beneath all the ingredients made it appear soupy. A good pizza for sure, but my personal preference is for a firmer crust.Without the budino, I decided to try two desserts. First up was the Dream Bomba ($5), a dense ball of caramel surrounded by a creamy and smooth peanut butter gelato and coated in chocolate. It was cut into four wedges. A solid dessert for sure, and one that you'll want to share.The second almost made me forget why I came here in the first place. The zeppole ($5.50) were soft, warm pillowy mini doughnuts of deliciousness filled with plenty of nutella. Coated with plenty of sugar, it's a sure-fire cure for any sweet tooth. If you're sharing with a kid, like I was, make sure you get extra napkins because most of the sugar and nutella ended up all over his face.While not quite living up to the lofty expectations I had, Settebello is a great family-friendly dining option, especially if you're craving pizza Napoletana.
2	We went to this restaurant a while back and I have to say this place is a huge disappointment, when we went and we were seated at a table that was in a corner we were with our three kids my wife and my mother and the table was too small it also slid all over the concrete floor which suckedThey notified us upon being seated that their credit card machine wasn't going to work which just created a lot of hassle and inconvenience I ordered my pizza without any artichoke hearts and of course when it arrived it had artichoke hearts I didn't bother sending it back because it wasn't even worth doing, the other issue was that they don't give you any fair warning about the pepperoni that they use on their pizza for kids pepperoni that pepperoni was really spicy and the kids wouldn't eat it .  They should say something and tell you that before you order it.  The food is overpriced for what you get and the ingredients themselves including the crust and everything else is just a low quality compared to other restaurants that occupy this sort of sector / case in point would be due forni which smokes this place, you shouldn't even bother to go here,  worth it and I'll never come here again while duo forni is open, don't be fooled
5	I have a softspot for Settebello & I'm really not sure why. My guess is that it stems from wanting to be one of those people who've found a pizza that blew them away. Settebello did that for me. My favorites: caprese (keep that plate for your pizza to get ever drop of the oil & balsamic left behind), arancini, Settebello specialty pizza (sans pine nuts) & the z... I forget what they're called... the fried dough balls with nutella. The only time I didn't love my pizza was when we got one that had eggplant, hoping it would be like the slices of sauteed eggplant that melted in our mouths at Custom Built Pizza. Instead, it was in cubes & seemed raw/tough still. The ambiance is quite lovely- dark wood, very lodge feeling, yet open & light during the day & rustic romantic at nite. The service is satisfactory- they pay the right amount of attention & give feedback about the menu items, which I like.
5	I love this place because it's the closest to real Italian pizza from Italy not NY! The arugula salad is really good too and so so the tiramisu. This is basically the only place I  will order pizza to go from now on.
4	I really loved the Henderson location so I wanted to try this new one on Sahara today w/ my mom as my treat for late Mother's Day...service was 5 stars; the 2 servers were very accommodating and attentive. We had 2 kinds of pizza: settebello and the vico one; I actually ended up loving the vico one more, it was a white pizza, the red onions paired well w/ the super creamy cheese. The one star off is for  the settebello pizza; it was pretty good too except I felt like the marinara sauce was a bit too acidic and there was too much sauce on this pizza.
4	Finally made it out here for happy hour, celebrating the end of the school year!Surprised to see that they only had one other table during our visit, so service was fast.Ordered a Dogfishhead IPA ($3 off during HH), and each of the following dishes for a mere $5 each: bruschetta appetizer, warm beets "snack", and the Margherita and Vico mini pizzas. For $25 before tip, this was a filling but light early dinner.The apps were delish: bruschetta is my BF's favorite, and here the crostini is topped with bacon and there's a side of pesto for extra flavor, too. The warm beets were divine and flavorful, served in a mini cast-iron dish and topped with peanuts. The mini pizzas weren't that mini- don't know the size compares with their usual since this was our first visit, but server let us know that the usual pizzas are 12" and intended to be an individual size due to the thinness of the crust style. Ordering two mini pizzas (maybe 8"?) was enough for us to share without feeling like we were going to explode afterward.Margherita style was my favorite, as the classic tomato-and-cheese combo is just what I naturally crave when I think of pizza, and I love the complementary flavors of fresh basil.BF preferred the Vico, with sausage, fennel, mozzarella, moscarpone, and red onions- quality ingredients and good depth of flavor. While he liked this topping combination better, my dude simply didn't love the thin, wet crust style served here and it may be tricky to get him back in.Will be coming back soon to try the Moscow Mule cocktail and the Emilia pizza- possibly on my own!
5	I can honestly say this is, BY FAR, my favorite pizza I have ever had. I've never been to Italy but its what I would imagine pizza in Napoli is like. Every time I eat there I think of the movie Eat, Pray, Love when she can't stop eating the Pizza in Napoli because is just so good. The atmosphere is comfortable - great for a date night or a night out with the family. Love this place. Its one of my favs!
2	Been to the one in Green Valley. It was better. We got the Quatro Fromagi. Crust was soggy and impossible to eat without a knife and fork. I like Motley Crue but as the musical choice for a gourmet pizza place, uh try again. Decor is dark and uninviting. Find a new interior designer. Looks like the old Posh Burger which went belly up in 4 months. Not sure how the Health Department passed the wood tables. Not enough sealant on the surface to keep out the last patron's food, crumbs and bits of the cloth used to wipe down the tabletop. On the plus side, the involtini was good. Not compelling enough to bring me back.
4	Yum! We tried This place out because of all the other good restaurants around it. It lives up to the standard set by the other nearby places. The service was great, attentive, helpful, and quick. The specialty drink menu also has a delicious Moscow mule on it. Now, let's talk about the pizza. It's very good. I love the brick oven style and this is one of the better versions of it I've had. We had the Margarita pizza and it was great. The crust is chewy and the toppings were really fresh. Can't wait to try something else off the menu next time.
4	This place is great. I ordered a starter of bruschetta, which looked amazing. The crispy pancetta on the top was a nice touch; however the toast points were lacking in flavor and texture, and possibly freshness. I would have appreciated it more if it were served with fresh, toasted (possibly in their Italian oven?!) bread rubbed with garlic or olive oil.The pizza was dynamite and could not be improved upon. I had a margherita, and my husband had a Diavolo. My son ordered a smaller cheese children's pizza - nice to have a kid option.Service was good. Decorated nicely. Next time I'll take care to wear something better than shorts and flip flops.
3	If you want authentic Italian pizza, the pizza here gives you a product that closely resembles the real thing. Sometimes the pizza is very watery and other times it's right on. I used to live in Italy and I do not remember the basil on the pizza ever being burnt to a crisp, which creates a bad taste. I believe in Italy, they put the basil on after the pizza comes out of the oven.  Wish this place would focus on creating a better basic Italian napoletano  style pizza which is a high art form when executed correctly.
4	Settebello's is a pizza place that offers you the thin crust wood fired pizza. The pizzas are about 12" and are usually more than enough for one person. There are about 8 different pizzas on the menu that are about $13 each. You can add items to the pizza, but you could end up paying quite a bit for a 12" pizza, depending on what you add of course. Extra items start at $1 and then go up from there. The menu also consists of salads and appetizers to go along with the pizzas. They have a comfortable dining area with bench style seats, chairs, and booths that are set around wood tables. It is a Rustic decor that goes along with the menu.We ordered a couple of salads. The Romana Salad and the Beet Salad. Both salads were okay. The arugula was fresh. The beet salad had red and yellow beets. They beets tasted like they were from a can. There was very little cheese on both salads.We ordered three pizzas and added some items on each pizza. I know now that this type of pizza is known for being a bit soggy towards the middle of the dough after reading about it. I'm not a fan of soggy pizza.Quattro Formaggi Pizza. I added mushrooms and calamata olives. The pizza was cooked nice and crisp, but the middle was soggy and I could not pick up the slice with out everything falling off.Marinara Pizza. I added mushrooms, peppers, and onions. This pizza was cooked slightly less than the Quattro and was also soggy in the middle.Margherita Pizza. I added olives, mushrooms, and artichoke. This pizza dough was under cooked and not at all crispy.The cooking of the pizzas were very inconsistent. We had three pizzas for one table that were all cooked for different amounts of time, unless their oven was not distributing the heat properly.The service was excellent. The waitress was very nice. I'm going to cut the pizza maker some slack this time. Their air conditioner was broken and he was cooking by a 900 degree oven. He looked very unhappy, which is quite understandable. So I'll go back again and try the pizzas when it is not a sauna in there.The bill was $71 for 3 pizzas, 2 salads, and 3 beverages. A bit pricy for what I received. I will give them another try though, because the pizzas would be pretty good if they would have been cooked a bit longer.********************************************************Okay. Here is the update. I went back today to give them another try and got a couple pizzas to-go.Much better. The pizzas were cooked perfect and they were not soggy at all. I figured they were having a problem the first time I was there because their power kept going out.So, I would definitely recommend this place if you enjoy wood fired pizza.
3	I'm so fancayyy, you already know.....My husband heard good things about this place through co-workers and friends, so we decided to have lunch here one day before catching a movie next door. It was pretty quiet during a weekday, but there were a few people coming in to pick up their phone orders. Our server was very nice. We mentioned that it was our first time there and he explained the menu to us in detail, as well as what pizzas from Napoli were all about. We decided to share one pizza, but couldn't decide what to order. In my opinion, I feel like it's a bad sign when the menu is complicated and when I don't see anything appealing. Thankfully, our server tried his best to help us out. He asked us what kind of pizza we were looking for, and we replied, "something with meat." I can't remember the name of the pizza (nor do I see it on their online menu), but he did suggest a cheese pizza made with meat sauce. He said that they don't have traditional pizzas like pepperoni or sausage. So we just went with his suggestion. We also ordered a salad and I believe it was called the Insalata. It was the simplest sounding one on the menu.I must admit I am picky about my salads. The leafy greens that are used need to be dark green and fresh! Not light green with brown on the sides. That being said, they did use good quality greens! However, I didn't really like the vinaigrette on the salad, it tasted quite bland. I prefer my dressing to have at least some taste. Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed with the pizza either. Yes, the ingredients were fresh and hot, but the pizza was hard to eat. The main problem was that the crust was very thin and with every bite, the ingredients would just fall off. Kind of felt like I was just eating crust most of the time and it was pretty messy. Thankfully, ordering dessert was a great idea. The Tiramisu was delicious and not too sweet. The coffee flavor wasn't overpowering (or lacking) like how it was at other restaurants. I thought it was funny how they put "contains raw egg" in the description on the dessert menu. When we asked our server about that, he said "Well, it starts off with raw egg, then it gets mixed with...." Umm ok, so that means a lot of dishes start off with raw egg, right??Anyway, now I can say I finally tried it, but was not impressed. Fancy pizzas are definitely not for me. I will happily stick to my boring Pepperoni Pizzas, thank you very much!
5	If you look at my profile, you can see that I go to a lot of pizza places. Settebelo is one of my favorites in Las Vegas because it has an interesting twist on pizza--it's authentic Italian! I like that the crust is soft and the toppings are a little different than you find at a traditional American pizza place. They use wood-burning stoves to cook the pizza which creates black spots on the pizza crust--I think this makes it taste better, but some people I've gone with don't like it.The dessert pizzas are really good--I like the one with Nutella, but I don't recall what it is called. The service has always been good (even with my four rowdy kids) and the theme makes it feel like you're in an Italian kitchen. Definitely go if you're looking for a new pizza experience.
1	I wish so much that I could rate the Settebello in Las Vegas well because I do enjoy the food but I cannot because the service is terrible. My wife and I have frequented the restaurant 4 times now and the service has gotten worse each time. The first visit was understandable because the location was new so a few hiccups were expected. However, instead of the service improving over time it's managed to get worse. Even if the restaurant is mostly empty, you can expect to wait forever for everything you order ... not just the oven roasted pizzas. If you happen to go with the majority of seats filled, you might as well pull out a good book because you can plan to be waiting quite some time before you will even be offered water. The thing that makes this even more frustrating is that the Henderson location is continually packed wall-to-wall yet their service is miles beyond the Vegas location.  As has been pointed out by other reviewers, the food is also better at the Henderson location. As a result, my wife and I will be heading back to the Henderson location from now on and will be skipping this new one in Vegas.
3	Pizza was good but service was very slow and they weren't even business.
5	Just as good as the green valley location, but not as busy for some reason (at least the five times I've been, no wait, plenty of open tables). The location is more spacious and comfortable. The pizza is to die for. I believe it is the best pizza in Las Vegas hands down. If you haven't tried it, do yourself a big favor and give it a shot. You won't regret it.
3	This would have been a 5 start rating a couple of months ago.  Problem is, my son was told a new chef came over from Henderson, and he likes to do what he likes to do.  He refused to make the pizza nice and thin like it used to be, so I'm sorry to say, we walked out.  We tried it once the thicker way and didn't care for it.  We paid and let them know the problem, but an actual refusal to cook it thin this time?  Pass.Arancini is delicious if you are a rice fan.  Pizza is so fresh tasting.  The D.O.C. is great.  So is the Bolognese.  They have a nice salad with pine nuts.  Would not recommend their s'mores type dessert as it's more bread than dessert-like.  Hope someone will address the problem with the thick pizza.  It used to be fantastic. Several servers are very nice.
2	My wife and I frequent Settebello because of it's close proximity to our office and the exceptional food/service we've received in the past. However,  today was not one of those days. We arrived begore the typical lunch rush at noon and were seated. The new waitres was obviously frazzled already. We oredered our usual lunch special - two pizzas and two salads for $22. The new girl then informed us we could not order what we wanted, even after we assured her that we would pay the difference for the additional toppings like we have everytime in the past. She got offended and told us the other girl (the usual waitress that has served us for the last year or so) was fired and that ot was because of people like us modifying our order. We decided to stay and order the special and the side salads since we had already been served our drinks. Our salads finally came,  but by this time several other people had shown up for lunch. She must have been the only person hosting and waiting tables as it was pretty hard to get her attention. Our pizza came out of the oven and sat on the counter for several mintues before she came out of the back and finally cut it and brought it to our table. Sadly it was now cold, but had the promise of being a pretty tasty pizza. When we asked to settle up for the salad and drinks, and told her our pizza was cold she proceeded to walk over to the manager and tell him we didn't like the pizza and so the very nice man came over and gave us a free pizza coupon for our next visit. (But to be clear, no we actually thought the flavor was good, but eating a cold pizza was not to be desired and trying to flag down this waitress was very difficult). All in all kudos to the manager, he obviously cares about his customers, especially ones that come almost once  a week. I guess the other girl who used to work there was fired for being nice and accommodating to her customer, who knows,  I can only go by what the new waitress told us (who even says stuff like that to customers? ) but I can tell you that the service was terrible
1	This place had such potential. Good location. Nice ambiance. But we have had a couple of bad experiences now and won't be going back. 1. There is no pepperoni.2. Their salads taste like a pine tree and not in a good way. 3. The service was really slow. We finally got out of there after 2 1/2 hours. We went on a weekend night and there were only a few other people dining, but we were not attended to very well. There were multiple waiters but refills were neglected. 4. The pizza just wasn't that great. Project pie, Grimaldis, biaggios, and other pizza places in Vegas are a lot better. 5. The waiter had a difficult time splitting the checks. 6. We both got sick from what we ate and had stomach issues all night. TMIWe will not be going back. But in all fairness, if you still want to try it, at least they have coke products and their bathrooms are nice.
2	I went to Settebello to meet with family, that was in town. I'm not a pizza person, and I went there thinking it was an "Italian Restaurant." From the exterior it's a very attractive restaurant. The interior decorations are as equally appealing.I found the menu VERY hard to understand! I know I wasn't the only one in our party who felt that way.The staff was fabulous! As our glasses became empty, they were quickly filled! The waitress was very informative, friendly and patient.My main problem was that I don't like salad, expensive appetizers, or pizza... That's all they serve! As far as the flavor of the food, it was good. But the consistency of the dough was horrible! It was equivalent to my first attempt at making a pizza, not very good!Had they had some Pasta Options, Soup options, and a more understandable menu, they would've earned a better rating! The only reason they got a 2 instead of 1, was because the level of service!I'll probably never return again!
4	Great food. Really great pizza.  My Italian friends eat here. If you are a Domino's person, this is not for you.
4	I have been wanting to try this place out since I read an article in forbes magazine that setebello is one of the best places for pizza in the US.We've tried a lot of Pizza places in Las Vegas Dom De Marco's was good, but when we tried the setebello this place hands down has the best pizza in town. Thin crust with great selection on fillings. We did try their happy hour and their selection was great. We will definitely come back and try the other selections of pizza.
5	Like Pomo in Scottsdale, this place is simply awesome.  My family and I love napoletana style pizza.  Honestly, I don't know how anyone could not like it.  The crust is that perfect uneven crispiness on the outside and moist and chewy on the inside.  The tomato sauce on Settebello's pizza was particularly delicious and we loved the mozzarella di bufala on the pizza.  We also loved the $27/bottle Banfi cabernet/san giovese bottle of wine.The atmosphere is fun and attractive.  Our waitress was delightful and helpful.  You can't go wrong here.  It's delicious.
5	Stellar service, reasonable prices, large portions and the best GF crust EVER.Real pizza. Real Italian.
5	Hands down the best service I've ever received in a restaurant. I love to go out to eat and I have also lived in Las Vegas for 6 years and have been to hundreds of places here. Our server was incredibly professional. She knew the menu completely, made some great suggestions, perfectly timed our appetizers, salads, and entrees, and really made our meal a great experience. We were offered the private room in the back because it was just me and a lady friend, it was windowed with a glass door and very quiet. We were able to have nice conversation without having to talk over other patrons back there. We ordered a misto plate which had. A variety of Italian meats, cheese, and grilled veggies with focaccia bread. The server suggested a salad with just greens, balsamic, and shaved Parmesan. Perfect! My friend ordered a mini margarita pizza because it was available at happy hour price at only $5! I ordered a 12" full sized Diavola pizza because I was hungry. The pizza was soft and fluffy. The salami was spicy but not overbearing. My server brought out some pepper flake infused olive oil to put on the pizza and it really added an extra kick. On top of this, we each had a drink and our check came out under $50! Truly the best experience I've had anywhere here and it's a great place to take a date. Go there now!!
5	Excellent Neapolitan style pizza and excellent service.  This restaurant is large, airy, clean and welcoming.  Recommend highly.
5	One of my favorite (non Chicago deep dish) pizza spots. The staff here is great. Always friendly and on point. It has a very relaxing and laid back atmosphere, which you notice right when you walk in. The pizza is a traditional Neapolitan style. They have a good variety of pizzas, and have a special pizza of the week. (Which hasn't let me down yet!) There is a very nice bar with a great selection of beers and cocktails. Not to big, but perfect size for a small group to unwind after work. Plus, two happy hours: 3:00p-6:00p and 8:30-to close, Mon-Fri. So if you're looking for a great pizza, friendly staff and a place to relax at an affordable price, try Settebello.
4	ATMOSPHERE: My friend and I came in during a slow part of the day as we were the only ones to sit down for an early dinner.  However the place looks like a really cool spot to be in once the sun goes down and more people start to come through.  The decor is very rustic which is nice and you can see the huge pizza over in the back of the restaurant.FOOD:  The pizzas here are meant to be eaten individually (no large pizzas to be shared) and I'm not so sure if I'm a fan of this style.  I enjoy having a huge pizza in front of everyone and everyone getting a slice.  Regardless, these are Neapolitan style pizzas which have a much chewier center while the outsides are crisp.  It had a little too much chew for my liking, but what made the pizza great was the freshness of the ingredients.  I had the Capricciosa pizza and it was a great choice overall.  SERVICE:  Our server was nice enough to explain how Neapolitan pizza differs from other types and did a good job in explaining their options on the menu.  It was a well run service, nothing truly remarkable but certainly beats many other restaurants I've been to where the service truly lacked.
1	Cosi NON si mangia a Napoli.After visiting this place at least 6-7 times in last 3 months I have to write negative review. ( I usually always order pizzas to go for me and my family).First, I you expect from me to pay 15$ + for one pizza at least make it decent size like they make it in Italy. Im Italian born and this size would be called "kids pizza" in Italy.I wish I could make photos of last pizzas I ordered to go for me and my guests, they were so small in their size that i was embarrassed when I opened boxes at my home for my guests. Do you make pizzas to go small for purpose?Second thing - bad service during launch time (that's when I usually order my pizzas).Everytime I call to order my pizzas im told they will be ready in five to 10 min. That's ok for me because I live one mile from Settebello. But when I come in 10 minutes pizzas are never ready and I have to wait additional 5-10 min, sometimes even longer.If I have time to wait that's not problem but if im in hurry - its not good!And usually at that time restaurant is empty so im only customer ordering pizzas.But the reason why im writing this review is what happened to me today and last week.After calling to order my pizzas I was told to come in 15 min. I was thinking - well maybe someone complained already because of wait , so they changed their time.Both times I came (in 15 min) pizzas were cold or almost cold !!Like they were ready way before I came.If you ask one "Napoletano" what he would never eat he would say: Cold pizza !And spending more then 60$ for 4 cold pizzas is unacceptable.This place will never see me again , and its not because pizzas are bad, they actually are very good and probably best in Vegas but because very poor service in this location.And I don't know how much those employees are paid over there but every time I go I see different faces. Thats probably answer why don't care about thei "to go" customers.
1	Absolutely terrible.  The hostess said the wait would be 30 minutes. After 40 minutes I decided to check on how many people were left ahead of us. My group didn't want to wait much longer. The hostess looked up my name and said two tables in front of us. 25 more minutes go by and I see three more groups seated.  Go check to see why we were skipped and then told there are FIVE more in front of you.  I explained what the other hostess told me.  No apology. Just a shoulder shrug. So the originally quoted 30 minute wait, would've been at least an hour and a half if we kept waiting.  I gave up just after an hour. Had I been told the truth of 8(!) more tables in front of us I would've only wasted half the time.  Either the hostesses intentionally lie or they can't count or estimate.
5	this is the BEST Pizza place ever! The ingredients taste so fresh and you can see you pizza being cooked in a big oven. The service is great and the food came out very fast which is amazing. I will definitely be coming here another time. Also, just saying, the pizza is the most photogenic pizza I've ever seen :)
5	Great Pizza! Gets cold fast but thats when you will enjoy it the most. 5 Stars for the quality of food. Service and beverage selection probably a 4 star. You guys get a 5 star from me!
5	Went for happy hour (Monday-friday 8:30-10) and had the best service and the food was delicious! The happy hour menu had a lot to chose from and still had stuff to take home for later.
4	had a late dinner with some friends and was very happy with my mealwhat i ate:- misto (antipasta): meats, vegetables, some cheese, focaccia: the focaccia bread was great, as was the mix of charcuterie and cheese. perfect way to get the appetite going- margherita pizza: a classic margherita. it was just right, and the with the kind of pizza they do here (thin), this was perfect- vico pizza: sausage, fennel, red onion, marscarpone, mozzarella, basil, olive oil: i also really liked this pizza. the sausage give it a nice smokey meaty flavor, and the onion and fennel gave it that extra umph. - capricciosa pizza: artichoke hearts, roasted mushrooms, olives, mozzarella, basil.  basically your veggie pizza, but better. trust mepros:- pizza! really, the food was just great. i really enjoyed all the pizzas and the antipasta- service: she was very helpful and patient with us. we came in an hour before closing, but she didnt rush us at all. she had plenty of suggestions and helped us order for a table of 6- ambiance/decor: dark wood, mismatched chairs. really nice. great date spot!- bathroom: i know this is really random, but i loved the farmhouse sink in the bathroom. it was just soooo nice to see that the decor was also looked at in the bathroom- plenty of parking in the lotcons:- not any i can think of*tip* there is more than one location, and menu varies would i come again? even though i dont live in LV, yes!
4	Came here on a Thursday night with a group of 10 people. We started off with drinks at the bar as we waited for everyone to get there. The bar service was slow...really slow. I do hate to bash bar service, because it's quite often a staffing problem, not a speed problem with the bartender. I waited 15 minutes to get my first drink, which my friend ordered for me before I even got there. The poor bartender was crazy busy until another bartender finally joined her. They were both super friendly. My guess is, they usually staff more bartenders earlier on in the nights for Fri, Sat, Sun.When we were ready for food, they smartly moved us into a private dining area with glass doors. This was a wise decision on their part. This IS a family establishment as well, and some in our group were getting a tad rowdy. Good to move to keep everyone happy. The pizza was phenomenal. We ordered the gluten free crust and it was, hands down, the best gluten free crust I have had. I actually was super skeptical it was even gluten free, so I had to ask what was in it. We did have a little mix up with the bills at the end due to our switching from the bar to the dining area. All in all, great time here. Props to the staff here for letting us ourselves while maintaining a family atmosphere for the rest of the customers.
4	Very nice place with great pizza! I've been here three times so far and tried different pizzas. The last visit was when they had their $1 pizza special which they posted on their facebook page.
5	I've been to Southern Italy a number of times, and the food here is just as good!  I'd never had a pizza in the states that was comparable until dining here.  The apps were divine, too!  Must come back!
4	Really solid pizza! I started off with the warm beats, which were nicely roasted and had some ooey-gooey goats cheese to top it off. The server told us that the pizzas were "personal size" -- I personally think that they're more for sharing and 1 pizza + appetizer could easily feed 2 people. We ordered 2 pizzas for 2 people, but saw other people order 1 pizza per 2 people. Regardless, they were tasty. The crust was a tad bit on the chewy side, but still was crispy on the outside. I also like that they had a "seasonal" pizza and they have a good mix of vegetarian pizzas.
4	Great pizza this one is better than the other one in Pasadena wish this one was in California.
5	Mariana is absolutely fantastic. She's the true definition of service. I will return just to see her. Wonderful service and food
5	Definitely one of the best pizzas in Las Vegas. Due to the business ups and downs staffing could be an issue sometimes, but the wait is totally worth it !
5	Amazing pizza and an absolutely stellar drink selection. Beautifully crafted and unique.
5	The pizza is terrific! Not like the standard pizza you get everywhere else, truly unique. There are amazing pizzas of the week that are interesting and delicious. The salads and appetizers are also so good. However the best thing is the bar, which has an awesome vibe. They make interesting cocktails, have a great rotating selection of craft beers, and probably some wine too. Kendra and the other bartenders will go out of their way to find good drinks that you are sure to enjoy. Definitively a good place to check out if you like quality food and great drinks.
1	I know I will probably get some heat from my fellow Yelpers for this review, but this was honestly one of the worst meals I have had and I literally had to pull in to the Taco Bell after I left this place to get something to eat because I was so hungry.I went here last night with high hopes. I was in a party of 4 total. We sat in the back room which was kind of like having our own private room, so that was a nice perk. In my party of 4 we did order drinks. The waitress was nice but had no idea about the scotches on the menu and had a really hard time taking this order. She had to go to the bar and bring out 3 or 4 bottles so she could remember what she was doing. We ended up ordering 2 double shots of 2 different kinds of Scotch, 3 beers and a glass of wine.For the appetizer we shared the Arancini. It only came with 2 so each person got like 2 bites. These were absolutely flavorless and the inside was pure mush. The only thing that was in tact was the frozen peas that were barely warm. I should mention that there was a hint of red pepper after taste.The waitress suggested that we order 2 salads, each couple could share. Great- the first couple ordered the Insalata Grande: Mixed Greens, Fresh Tomatoes, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Pine Nuts, Cracked Pepper, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, Balsamic Vinaigrette. The second couple ordered the Beet Salad, which had a ton of arugula. few beets, tablespoon of goat cheese and no dressing. he first couple seemed to like the salad just fine. Our salad was not good, it was like eating dried grass without dressing.Before we could even finish our salads, they brought out our pizzas. What??? You couldn't even wait until we finished. Your restaurant was totally dead on a Saturday night. It's not like you needed the table. Why the rush?Back to the pizzas. We each order our own because the waitress said they were very small and we could all eat a whole one. We ordered 2 Margherita DOC: Crushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 1 Vico (No Crushed Tomatoes): Wood Oven Sausage, Sauteed Fennel, Red Onions, Mascarpone, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil and 1 with salami and cheese (they do not have pepperoni here and will give you salami if you order it).Everyone started to dig in on the pizzas and all looked at each other like what the hell is this? The first couple were so hungry that they went ahead and ate theirs. The BF hesitated to eat his and I could no way eat another bite. This was the worst COLD pizza I have ever had. We waited for the waitress that did not come back for a while. The BF was so hungry he decided to go ahead and eat his but did not like it at all. When the waitress finally showed back up I told her this was the most flavorless, disgusting cold pizza I have ever had. It also looked liked someone had poured a cup of water in the middle of it. The waitress informed me that  Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella is a watery cheese. LOL!! Oh and let me also say that all of the pizzas were burned (like charred black on the bottom). Yes--I know these are cooked in a brick oven but burnt is burnt people. So as I am telling the waitress how much I hated this pizza, she is making up a to go box. I am trying to hand her my pizza to get rid of it and she asked me if I would like to take it home. WHAT?? Did you even listen to what I just said? WAKE UP!!  No I don't want this nasty pizza now and I certainly am not going to want it at home.She took it away and when she walked in to the kitchen she must have said something because everyone that was standing back there all turned around at once staring at me. RUDE!! She came back a few minutes later and said the manager was at the store but would take it off my check when he returned. I was surprised that the manager never came to my table to apologize or offer me something else. So our check came and it was $166. Wow--that is outrageous for the quality of food we were just served. I have no problem paying for meals that are good and worth it. This was just plain gross. If the other people in our group weren't starving, they would have also sent back their pizzas.Yes I am aware that this is a VPN certified restaurant. Just because you have the certificate does not mean you have good pizza. It is basically a marketing tool. For those that don't know the definition of VPN, it is as follows:"VPN" is a designation given to qualifying pizzerias by the Naples-based Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana or its delegatesTo qualify you must:    Make its pies with only certain types of ingredients    Use only approved equipment    Adhere to traditional pizza-making methodsThere are parameters on:Oven temperature How long the pizza is allowed to cook What size and shape the final product should beFinal note is that I have spent many many months in Italy (all over). I am well aware of how this food should taste.
5	This is my family spot. Any time someone visits...we're here. A birthday in the family? We're here! Fathers Day? Were Here! Mothers day? bam..here!If you're not into something a little bit different and just want your NY Pie or Chicago deep dish....you need to go across the street. But if you want to get full and eat a delicious Napoletana Pizza...this is your spot. I usually order the Emilia. Italian Creme instead of the tomotoe sauce...prosciutto, cotto, mozarella, that fresh basil....mmm I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! If I'm in the mood for red sauce...I'll order the Settebello, This is the closest you'll get to tasting real italian pizza...and it's a lot cheaper than airfare. So thankful the summerlin Settebello opened. Now my family doesn't have to travel all the way to the Green Valley District for a taste of Italy.
5	Went to the GV recommendation of a friend. This pizza reminds me of pizza I had in Italy. We had the Settebello pizza with pine nuts pancetta, mushrooms sausage- so good! And the salad was great too .. But don't remember the name and the tiramisu was perfect!!  The pizza doesn't come precut and don't compare to NY pizza .. it's in a class by it's own.
5	One of my favorite places in Summerlin. Andy and I come here often and have loved each expedience. Located in the Village Square shopping center right by the movie theater, there is tons of parking so its very convenient. We have tried various items here but our favorites have been their Italian Panini (not on the menu but ask your server/bartender about it) Its huge so I suggest sharing it! Also when were in the mood for pizza we get the Diavola, Crushed Tomatoes, Finnochiona (Peppered Salame), Roasted Red Bell Peppers, Crushed Red Peppers, Garlic, Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. AMAZING! it has a kick so its not for those who dont like spice.Josh the GM is great. He makes our dining exp so much more enjoyable then anywhere else we frequent. I highly recommend this hidden gem!
4	This is probably some of the best pizza in Las Vegas. If you are looking for New York-style, pan crust or Sicilian, then this place is not for you. You'll be getting the real-deal kind of pizza, as it is served in Naples.The insalata is simple and satisfying. I usually stick to the margherita pizza, as it never disappoints. My boyfriend loves the arancini as well. This location is quite larger than its Henderson counterpart, and the furniture and tables (including lighting and bar) are equal parts rustic and gorgeous.The only drawback to this location (as opposed to one in Henderson) is that they don't serve gelato. Other than that, it's not far from my house and I don't have to go to all the way to Henderson when I'm jonesin' for Settebello anymore.
5	My coworkers and I come here during our lunch break probably once a week. I was off with my wife for New Years, and I took her here for lunch yesterday. She had never been to Settebello and I had always told her how good the pizza was. It didn't seem too crowded and we were greeted by the same server named Adam, I believe. He is always very friendly and even acknowledged that I was there with my wife and not my coworkers. It's very nice to feel remembered. I always get the margarita pizza, but my wife insisted we get a salad, too. She choose the insalada grande. I'm not much of a salad person, but it was very good. The food here is just so fresh tasting. Every time I have eaten here I can taste how fresh my pizza is, and in this case the salad, too. When we had finished Adam suggested dessert. I had never had any here and my wife loves chocolate, so Adam suggested the zeppoles. Simply amazing. I really wanted to write this review because I was nervous of disappointing my wife about the lunch place I had talked up so much. But, like always amazing food and spot on service.
5	This is the best pizza place ever.Service was ok.We have tried various items here but our favorites have been their "Margherita"!
4	I'm glad to see that they expanded the appetizer section of the menu from my last visit. The artichoke crostini with speck and goat cheese was great, nicely toasted bread  with appropriate chew and moisture.Beet salad and meatballs were awesome as usual.Did the pizza of the week, and was not disappointed.Just need the busser to clear plates and glasses between courses more regularly, it adds up quickly when they are this good!
