3	i really like this store, however i typically go first thing in the morning when it is nice and quiet, but apparently i am there before they straighten the shelves or front face the store. This store has the potential to be a 5 star store, but they have been out of a few things i've been looking for on separate occasions and the lack of a Harris Teeter remarkably perfect front face appearance drop it to 3. It's still the most convenient grocery store for me coming around 485, so it works. Also, their freezer section has a futuristic feel to it when the lights turn on as you get closer to the section. The easily amused like myself will love it.
3	I've only been in this Food Lion solely for the fact that I had to pick up something after being at the USNWWC.  You can tell that the store is brand new (less than a year old) and well kept.  I found it a bit dark/cave-like inside, but then again most grocery stores follow the HT dim lighting vibe now a days.This store never seems busy.. maybe because of it's location/newness... but it's good since you can get in and out fast.  Not-so-good if store standards aren't kept up due to the lack of demand....  but so far so good!
5	food lion has really stepped up and is very competitive with prices.. their store brands are fabulous! :) food lion is a fabulous value these days...
4	This Food Lion Store is very different from many that I've been.  Not only it's so closed to me, most important I like it's clean.  Whenever I need anything small quantity, I will go there before I will drive to other places.  The employees are very friendly as well.
2	While this store stays clean and organized, the employees are far from friendly, and I find it to be dark and unwelcoming. However, I don't go grocery shopping to make new friends so that's not a deal breaker for me. The actual problem with this particular store is the terrible produce and meat selection. Since this is the nearest grocer to my house, I tried for several months to do my weekly shopping here only to find that the produce in my fridge was rotting two days after I purchased it and the meat was spoiled. The first few times I marked it up to a bad bunch or delivery, but after throwing out several meals before I could even cook them, I decided to make the miles sacrifice and take the weekly trip to HT even though it's MUCH further and I have to pass another Food Lion and a BiLo to get there.
