5	I can admit I am one of those people that knows nothing about my vehicles. I get in and expect them to do what they are supposed to and when they don't, I usually expect to spend some cash. A few months back I had issues and saw their ad and figured why not get an estimate. I did and their price beat the others I had received and they are convenient to my part of town, and offered pick up/drop off. I have since gone back for a couple oil changes, smog, etc., and each time they seem to be getting busier and busier. I can only assume it has to do with word of mouth and their great customer service. I know I have recommended them more then once. It's nice to find a local mechanic you can trust and not feel you are getting taken advantage of.
5	Amazing family owned business. Friendly and extremely helpful. We have used them for both our Ford and Acura and have always been pleased. Highly recommended!!!Competitve prices and military discount offered.
5	This shop was requimended by a friend.  I have found them to be very friendly and accomendating.  Prices are very reasonable.  I highly recommend them.
2	We took our car here because of the other reviews about how friendly these people were. They couldn't have cared much less about our business by the way they treated us. Price was ok. Military discount is only for major repairs.
5	I've been coming to this shop for years now, ever since they were located next door and were a perfect auto shop. But when perfect autos corporate office tried to mess with these guys they didn't take it lying down they opened My Auto right next door.  Now the old shop looks like it belongs in a ghost town because there's never anyone there and My Auto has people happily packing there lobby. That type of following says a lot about the type of customer service and quality work they provide at My Auto each and every visit.  TJ aka Bubba is the man too he's been in the business for over 15 years and provides the best customer service I've ever recieved in an auto shop.
1	I hate to do this especially as a long time customer but it only takes getting screwed over once to change your mind about a business.  I don't know if they got too big too fast or what.  But I took my vehicle in for repairs and after spending close to $500 the problem in the vehicle persisted.  After driving back numerous time and being told it was a different thing each time, which I had fixed, the problem continued.  Finally I found a mechanic who fixed what the original problem was and also had to redo some of the work these guys did because it was shoddy!  I will obviously never go here again and I will warn everyone I can to also stay away from this place!
3	Update time!  The owner of this business contacted me this week and has addressed my concerns about my prior experience and my issue has been resolved to my satisfaction.  Thanks, My Auto!
5	I was really happy when I found this location.  I have been a customer of "My Auto Service" on West Cheyenne Rd. for many years. Even though the Cheyenne location had excellent service, I always hated driving to  that particular geographic area of Las Vegas. The traffic in that area is always really bad, and due to the area being "low income" and MY AUTO SERVICE's prices being insanely low there is always a ton of people in front of you in line. I guess, that's why I like this location on Ann Road. The location is in an area that has minimal traffic, and the community is more upscale.  And what really rocks is that the prices remain insanely low. I got a smog check here for $10, and you don't need a coupon at all. Wait time was minimal. I might have waited less than 20 minutes. Usually at their other location, I gotta wait about an hour due to how busy it is over there. Customer service is pretty good at all the locations including this one.Sorry I can't write a more detailed review, but I was in-and-out really quickly.
1	i had our 2 cars in here for tune ups. they did an ok job and the price was right. i came back 2 weeks later for a multi function switch( the turn signal handle ) and they wanted $216 to replace it. I called midas and they said i can bring in my own part ( which was $62 at auto zone) and they will replace it for $140. My auto service doesnt always take parts that u bring in to replace on your car. they instead mark up the price on a drive belt to $45 ( with a one year warranty) when i got one for $23 with a 3 year warranty at auto zone. when i picked up my car for the diagnostic ($51) they didnt even put my trun signal handle back right , its loose and now wont even activate at all while turning. Thus, i shall not be going back.
5	I defected from Purrfect Auto to My Auto Services for all my oil changes and smog tests. You can't beat $25 to do both, including smog certificate, which has my sister in California burning with jealousy.All the folks at the Ann Rd. branch are helpful and courteous and pretty accurate on estimating how long it will take to do the work. Plus they have a welcome sense of humor. I highly recommend this branch and will send all my friends there. Thanks, guys!
3	Still one of the cheapest places to get a smog check. Used to be $10 but is now $15.
5	Was on vacation in Vegas when car's radiator hoses all blew up. I had no idea where to take it when my call to roadside assistance gave me several options. I was 1800 miles from home and no clue what to do. Man am glad I chose the West Anne location. Great service, friendly helpful staff. Counter guy  even gave me a 20 mile ride back to my hotel on the Strip to avoid a large taxi cost. RECOMMEND, RECOMMEND, RECOMMEND.
5	Think no more, this is where you need to go for all your automotive needs! There are a few things that you must find when you move, a good dentist, good doctor and a good mechanic. I found them all, but it has taken some time. I consider myself quite resourceful and try to have a general knowledge of most necessities but when it comes to cars, short of the basics, car mechanics can be tricky to find. The key is to literally interrogate anyone who is going to work on your car. I have them explain everything to me in laymen terms until I feel that I have a reasonable understanding. Having said that, I am generally not the most favorable customer as I pose to be a considerable challenge. Let me introduce you to the team at My Auto Service located off Ann Road. The person to ask for is Trent, and tell him Kendall sent you and he is guaranteed to laugh.  The owner is Jim and he is a total sweetheart. They go beyond the call of duty as I have called them from the road in the middle of nowhere many times and they have walked me through steps to keep my car going.Their pricing is fair and when I explained that I needed to just keep one of my older cars running and wanted to avoid any unnecessary expenses they saved me a ton. They have found great deals on parts, even searched the junk yard and when I had to replace my transmission on a 2006 Expedition with a Ford part that turned out to be defective they went to bat for me. Of course, Ford replaced the transmission and proceeded to try and charge me a crazy amounts for all these additional things I needed.  I immediately checked with Trent to compare the pricing, labor etc. and instead I purchased the additional parts and had everything installed for 1/2 the cost..  I have been dealing with them since 2006 and would not consider anyone else. I just bought a new car and before making my deal I ran everything by them including the extended warranty and they were very helpful.
5	What an amazing place! Came into town, and our hybrid car was acting up. The owner came to look at our car for free, and told us what might be the problem. Highly recommend this place! So lucky we found this place, as the owner owns and is knowledgeable about hybrids.
4	Had work done there,  People are nice, and helpful.  Prices seem okay.
5	I went into the shop at 8:30 am on Thursday, September 19, 2013.   My battery was about to die.   I had a 10 appointment.  I asked if they were able to get me out by 9:30 am so that I can make my 10 am.   They were very busy and they got me out a 9:15 am.i have gone to this shop many times for oil changes,  tires flats, etc.Thank you for being honest and fast.
5	Best auto service in Vegas! Prices, parts and warranty. Owner is fantastic and management is pleasant. First honest auto service I have been to where they show you the problem and fix the issue to OEM. I did my brakes and oil here for 75% off the dealer cost. Will be back.
2	My wife and I went to the shop and they where very pleasant even explaining that it would be $49.99 to diagnose. Then my wife went back and it's true it's $49.99 to diagnose and then free if you get it fixed there but the part they don't tell you is that they will over charge you for getting it fixed there.They wanted  $310.00 to fix the EGR valve (cost for part $68.99) and my son in law put it in in 10 minutes. Next was $180.00 for spark plugs ($15 for the part) one hour to be replaced. Finally $269.95 for the O2 sensor (part is $17.99) and that was put in at the same time as the spark plugs. There was no cost break down, for example labor time and or the parts. My wife paid the $49.99 and said goodbye. Now I understand making a profit but it seems to me they where trying to make a a killing on us when even at $95.00 an hour for labor (times 2 hours) the most we would've paid would be $292.00 and not a whopping $760.00.Before you go there shop around first.
4	Been taking my Escalade and Mercedes S430 there. Perfect service and price. Prior to this I had a Lexus es300 with 240,000 miles they took care of that also till I got  the Mercedes.
5	Went there yesterday to have an oil change and they were great! They let me know my brakes were on the outs (no surprise there) and the pricing but I didn't feel pressured or like I was getting sales pitched to get them done. I will definitely be back to these guys. It's nice to have found an honest shop!
4	Incredibly friendly, I had 2 others in front of me and was out by about 15-20 minutes so not slow. Just went in for an oil change. They arent expensive and they have different levels of oil changes depending on the car. From $15 to $50. Mine was $22. While I was there one guy pulled me to my car and let me know my battery was going and should be replaced. A lot of places like this try to sell you more things and I feel its what he was trying to do which is why I gave it 4 stars.
5	I have been taking my Escalade in to this shop for over a year now.  They always have fair prices and never try to sell me extra things,  Josh is very helpful and I would definitely recommend going to this shop! I have never had a problem yet.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing. This is by far the best experience i have had at anything car related. They were nice, friendly, and patient with me. They even helped explain the warranty i have for my car. I will never go anywhere else! I am so impressed. THANK YOU GUYS!!!
2	It took 50 min for a battery with one person in front of me. They gave me a bad battery before. I went into their office for a paper and the lady in there was smoking with all the doors closed and windows shut. Very very unsafe and I'm pretty sure it violates labor laws.
