4	Why is this place empty? People come on in! I know it's on Nellis and super dupper fast street, but COME ON IN! I was skeptic of this place at first, why should I? I have never tasted Hawaiian food, plus it's fast food so even more doubt. But I went in and gave it a shot. The entrance is clean as well as the inside. I went in and had not a clue what to order. I asked the cashier, which was from the islands as well as the cook; that made me more comfortable ordering because I thought it was going to be someone else of a different ethnicity cooking the food, She recommended me a cheap and inexpensive dish to try out first. So I got that and she gave my mother and I free drinks for the wait. Which wasen't much, but ahh I can't say no...  I got a macarroni type dish with white rice and hawaiian type pork. It wasen't sweet, or to raw of taste it was real good. The rice wasen't all dry like steamed rice it felt cooked and steamed. The macarroni was great. Oh yeah the tartar sauce was great. I would come here again when I had the chance and try new dishes, I am a fan of this fast food joint. Oh yeah I think it was a low carb dish.
1	I often come to this side of town to visit my mom.  It pains me to know an L&L is so close but I can't ever go here again.It's a shame, but the food here is not very impressive.  The hamburger for the hamburger steak plate lunch seems preformed and doesn't taste very good at all.  Something isn't right here and something needs to be done!  Eat an another L&L location and you'll see the difference.This place is empty for a reason.
4	I've been to this location a few times and most recently on 2/4/12. This place is always clean the cashiers are pretty knowledgeable of what the menu has to offer. In addition to the main menu, there is also a side menu (sharpie board) that offers daily specials and other items not mentioned. I'm a huge fan of Hawaiian food and like to try different dishes I've yet to try, and sometimes I feel like some BBQ Chicken, which is what I ordered this time around. The plate sizes that are offered are mini and regular. I always go with the regular, which comes with the main dish (BBQ Chicken in my case), macaroni salad, 2 scoops of which rice and some cabbage. My chicken is always cooked very well, tender and moist. The mac salad and rice were average. Overall I really like this place. It's consistent food wise and friendly.
5	I always forget that L & L Hawaiian BBQ is just up the street from where I live.  Maybe, it's because it is hidden toward the back of the mini mall.  We were sitting around my place trying to figure out where to go for lunch.  And, there are only so many burgers you can eat.  So, I suggested L & L.  So, I took the orders from my clan and off I went.  No one wanted to leave the house because it was "too hot" and they were "too tired".  Anyhow, I got to the L & L and I was taken care of.  Everyone wanted ribs.  Well, except for one who was against the grain.  He has to get a burger and fries.  But, whatever!L & L packed up our order, added napkins and plastic ware.  So, I give L & L 5 stars because, the food was tasty and the service was great.  I have said it before, a friendly greeting and a smile goes a long way with me.
1	I am a frequent customer and have been for years. I went in one summer day to fulfill my cravings for their famous BBQ chicken with rice to go. Daniel (Danny), who did the order taking, did not offer me a greeting and had a monotone voice. Not even a smile was shown. It was like talking to a robot. He clearly did not feel like being there at all. When my order was ready, my food wasn't sealed properly and was slid from the register area to the end of the counter where I was at. He didn't even offer me a thank you or farewell. I just left right away because I was starving. It wasn't busy at all, only one other customer there.When I reached home, I opened my to go box and found out there was no rice at all, just the mac salad along with my chicken. I was so disappointed. I went back to l&l to get my order fixed. As no surprise, I received no greeting from Daniel again. I told him about my rice that was supposed to come with my meal. He gave me a "sigh" right in front of my face and turned around and scooped rice and placed it in my to go box. No apology was given when he returned the box. Just quickly turned around and went about his business. When I returned home, I opened my box and found a 1/2 scooped rice in my box. Not even a full scoop was given to me after I drove all the way back there. It is quite clear Daniel (Danny) isn't paying close attention. Not only is he rude, he is an example who will drive l&l customers away from the restaurant. He ruined my whole experience and I will never come back there. I encourage all l&l customers to stay away from that establishment. I would give this place "Zero" stars if I could because of Daniel.The company should FIRE Daniel. He is not a good example of an L&L employee. The total opposite actually.
3	I've long looked over L&L as an option for eating in my part of the hood. Yes, this L&L happens to be off of Valley View and Nellis Blvd. I decided to pop in there today as I was running errands and because I am on a tight budget right now, I just didn't have it in me to drive myself anywhere else in the valley.Let's start off with the pro's:The restaurant is very clean, tables and seating look new or if not, very well taken care of. The service was impeccable, incredibly nice, happy, and genuine. The food came out relatively quickly.What I ordered:Curry Chicken Katsu Bowl: Meh. The bowl was almost over halfway filled with rice, very little curry sauce. It could have used A LOT more curry sauce. The veggies were pretty obviously of the frozen variety, topped with those carrots that have the weird ridges on them... I don't know what the appeal of having carrots like that is. I'd rather my food just look like what it is supposed to look like.... no some weird machine-manufactured vegetable. The chicken, although moist, was kind of bready, and not in a good way. Spam Musubi: Yum! I really liked it. Perfectly and tightly wrapped, plus just enough sauce and salty spam. I would order this again.Overall... I like Aloha Kitchen over L&L and AK is closer to my house. I don't think I would completely take this L&L off my list, but it's not high up either. If I go back, maybe I should try the BBQ.... hmm.
2	Why oh why did I waste my time here? This food flat out sucked! I should've listened to that little guy on my shoulder telling me to stay away! Sorry dear Aloha Kitchen. I have betrayed you........The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the workers were very nice. I ordered the half & half combo (chicken & beef) with all rice. I got my food pretty quickly and was ready to conquer this meal I thought would've at least been decent until I opened the box. :-/The beef was so fatty! It didn't taste that bad but the task of pulling the good part of the meat off of the fat just killed my vibe. The chicken was okay until I bit into a piece that still had the skin attached. Not to mention the rice was mediocre. The $10+ dollars I paid for this was not worth it. The Pepsi was the only highlight from my visit. If you want the real deal Holyfield, drive down to Charleston and stop at Aloha Kitchen. That place has me begging for more while this place just.............? I'll let you fill in the caption!P.S. The one on Maryland Pkwy is even worse than this. Stay away!
4	I love their chicken katsu. It's always fresh and crunchy everytime I get it.  Its on my way home from work so I usually stop by. The cashier is real nice and the food has yet to disappoint.
5	I love this food I can eat it everyday . They always treat you  so good the food is always better than the last time I ate it . They are fast with all the food   . I love the music they play . Lmao it's a great place to eat .
3	I don't know what it is about mainland L&Ls...but the food just doesn't have the same taste as L&Ls back home in Hawaii.  The food is edible and very bland.  Beware when paying, though.  The prices on the menu board say one thing, but check your receipt...you may have been charged more.  I brought this to the attention of the worker who was ringing up my purchase, and his response was "I can't do anything...that's what it says on the computer."  Really?  Businesses need to realize they can't advertise their price publicly, and then charge more at the register.  Very bad business practice!
1	This is not the L&L food that you would get in Hawaii. Food had zero flavor. Was looking forward to the gravy fries but was so disappointed that the fries weren't salted and also the gravy was bland. Shrimp curry was the worst I've ever had. The shrimp had a mushy outer coating and the curry was Indian based? Also there was so little curry that it barely covered my rice which was probably a good thing because it was green and tasted so awful.
2	Love the food always have but the attitude this girl has Diana needs to change, I asked if they still had bowls and you know what she said to me! She said "yea no shit we do" and rolled her eye's at me. Even the mext guest she took care of said she should smile more and she gave him attitude also. So if you come and she is here short young girl, will probably be on her phone, be prepared for some attitude.  MANAGEMENT PLEASE RETRAIN HER OR FIRE HER, she is definitely ruining the l&l brand.
