1	HORRIBLE!I will be brief because I would spend way too much time writing on how bad this place is.1. When we asked not to be sat at the bathrooms, the hostess rolled her eyes and pointed to a table behind the 1 she wanted to sit us. After saying once again, "I don't want to sit at the bathrooms please," she huffs and throws our menu's at the 3rd booth and walks away. Normally I would have left but it was the only place open on Christmas Eve night so we had to stay.2. Our waitress, Kris, took her sweet time in getting to our table just so we can order our drinks. I was able to sit down at the table, take my jacket off, get the baby situated, realize the baby needed a diaper change, go and change her diaper, come back and it took her 10 minutes to show up to take our DRINK orders. My husband got a fork where the prong was bent straight up and he had to ask her 5 times for a new fork. She was very slow, fake attitude, and didn't listen to anything we had to say.3. The food....I would have eaten Moist n Meaty dog food and it would have tasted better. Since I wasn't all that hungry, I ordered a Caesar salad and baked potato soup. The dressing on my salad tasted like somebody poured it on the floor, danced a jig on top of it, and scooped it back up to put on my salad. It even looked bad! Caesar salad dressing should look creamy, kind of a pale tan color....this had a dark tint to it and smelled horrible. My husband also got a Caesar salad and he had the same problem. He ordered a cheeseburger that was a hockey puck. The only thing that was good was the skillet dip, the chips weren't even good! They were from the bottom of the pile, broken in a million tiny pieces, most of them were burnt, and salty as hell. We didn't even finish our meals it was so disgusting. Since we didn't have a good experience with the hostess (which we found out it was the manager), we didn't even bother complaining about the food or the service. It was not worth the $30.52 at all. Nobody got a tip and we will NEVER go back there again. STAY AWAY!!
1	This place just isn't for me. The menu stinks, the food is below par and its just so commercialized. I really used to like Chilis, but they have lost their charm and they change their menu too much.
2	I used to like Chili's, but they (along with Applebees, Ruby Tuesday's, and TGiF), have gone down hill. Service wasnt all that bad, but the food was. Ordered the Monterrey chicken, and out came this slop of cheese and bacon over a sad piece of chicken. My gf ordered the Margarita chicken, and it was swimming in what looked like leftover margarita mix. Do yourself a favor and goto On the Border next door, or Moe's across the street.
4	My family met at Chili's for a late lunch.  Many of the tables were filled.  Our server was attentive, even as she had other tables.  I ordered the shrimp tacos and as a shrimp lover, they were delicious!  The combination of spicy chile-lime sauce and house-made pico de gallo and sliced avocados made me a new fan of Chili's!  The only issue during the visit where the people at neighboring tables.  I won't go into details...it's a free country.
1	Both service and food were lacking. The chicken crispers were not even fast food quality, the service was slow and unresponsive. Had to send food back and no concern was given by server as to whether the second attempt was any better. Will not be returning to this location or most likely any other.
1	We live across the street and love chilis. Both of us worked for the company for 5 years. This chilis has the RUDEST employees and management that I have ever seen in a restaurant. The cooks NEVER cook the food correctly. The last two times that we reluctantly ate there, we had to send EVERYTHING back only to have the manager come out and give us a smart attitude as though we were requesting a five star meal instead of a rare steak. Needless to say, after several chances, we will NOT be doing business there any longer. The drive to Huntersville chilis for a good steak is well worth it.
2	Just went to Chili's last night for dinner.  My biggest complaint about this place is the service.  I know we had been seated in the restaurant for about 50 minutes before we got our food.  My glass of water was empty for the majority of the time (had to wait for the ice to melt to get any water).  Our waiter also kept changing.Now to the food... The chips were not the warm oily chips that you expect from Chili's.  The chips were just typical and kind of dry.  The salsa was ice cold.  On the plus side the food was good.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and the chicken was excellent.  Everyone else at the table liked their food too.  I just wish the food had came out a bit sooner.  Also, I thought the hostess had good customer service skills.  I personally prefer the Chili's in Gastonia over this one that is near Northlake mall.
2	Questionable service, dirty floors, sticky tables - non existent management. Sub par food. Don't get a salad unless you want salad mix.
1	I'm not even back to the car yet and I'm writing this review. Very motivated. We stopped here driving back to Atlanta from a trip to NY. Stopped for a quick, easy dinner. I'm not even going to bother going into huge, long paragraphs for this awful place. My wife ordered a salad with grilled shrimp. The shrimp were raw. Completely raw. Sent it back. Came back, still waaaaay undercooked. She's diabetic and already took insulin so she had to eat. They didn't bother having the manager come by. Nothing. Just, "well, enjoy your ride home!"  Awful place. Just awful. There are PLENTY of other restaurant that deserve your business in this same shopping center. We are now eating a good meal at Moe's across the parking lot. If I could give this Chili's location negative three stars, I would.
1	I used to love this place! Until my waitress brought my food with a few OBVIOUS bite marks. Man I thought this was a delicious and great restaurant until this... I haven't been back for a couple years now.
4	I normally don't like to review chain restaurants, but I had great food here and didn't understand the low stars. So now I'm here to help teeter them towards at least three. No, I don't work for Chili's or anything like that, see my other reviews. The MAIN reason I go to Chili's is for the ribeye or sirloin steak. Even though I try to stray on the menu, I keep going back to the steaks. This place by far is NOT as good as steakhouse steaks, but compared to American restaurants like TGIF, Applebee's, and those others, this place IS the best. The Good:Been here twice and EVERY time MY food was more than delicious. The steak was cooked the way I liked, the Salmon was cooked perfectly and seasoned as though I was the one that seasoned it. The guacamole is pretty good and the Mango Tea(bottomless) should be a good choice for you if you want to avoid carbonated sugar drinks. Our first server, I think his name is Irvin or Austin... I forget, but he was VERY good and patient. We have two rambunctious kids and he seemed to not be annoyed by them(unlike their big brother). He kept checking on us, kept our drinks flowing, kept the chips coming and even hooked us up on the lil' gaming tablets. The Bad:Our second visit, the service was off to a rocky start. The hostess seated us. We asked if the we could get another tablet to keep both our little ones busy and she obliged. Our waiter gets to the table and he looked at us like we stabbed a puppy and ate the eyeballs... "Ummmm.... you're not supposed to have two of those. Who let you guys have those? You know it's a $1.99 fee for each right?" he said.Now we were unaware of the charge to be honest, my wife is a "stand my ground" kinda person. I would've just paid the 5 bucks. She talked him into getting the charges removed from our bill.... "But I can't do this next time, you're supposed to pay."After that fiasco that seemed to drag forever since I was hungry, he called my son(dressed in a blue and red Sonic the Hedgehog shirt, BLUE pants, I even called him buddy) a she. RACIAL RANT: **NOTE TO NON-BLACK PEOPLE.... BLACK PEOPLE ALSO BRAID/CORNROW LITTLE BOYS' HAIR TOO. NO ONE CALLS YOUR SON A SHE WHEN HE HAS AN IMITATION BEIBER HAIRCUT...**After I called my son's name(a masculine name) for the third time I think he finally got the hint. When it was time to order he called him a him. Yay. Far as service goes, there was nothing else bad to report. The Gist:I highly recommend this Chili's if you want a decent steak without steakhouse prices. Good for kids. Near the mall, food is better than Applebee's. Go when it's not busy. No military discount. Get the Mango Tea. Boys can wear cornrows too. THE GAMES ON THE TOUCHPAD ARE $1.99. YOU'VE BEEN WAAAAARRRRRNNNNEEEEDDDDD....... *ghostly voice*
2	Do NOT go to this Chili's location. The service has been consistently HORRIBLE. A couple of weeks ago my boyfriend and I tried to call in an order. The guy answered and left us on hold so we decided to go ahead and head that way while we were on hold. Well....we were LITERALLY on hold for 17 mins and were STILL on hold when we got there. We walked in and not a single soul greeted us. The same waitress looked at us and didnt say anything 3 different times. So...we sat down and waited on someone to greet us. A guy finally came over and asked if someone had assisted us yet. We asked for a manager. (Before the guy came over...another couple with their kid came in and stood there and NO ONE greeted them either. we told them we had been waiting 10 mins and no one greeted us so they walked out.)The manager finally came over and we showed her the phone screen (yes, we were still on hold). She apologized and cooked our food for us and gave it to us free, drink included.Ok so we went again this past Tuesday evening and it wasn't very crowded. My boyfriend placed the order again and asked to subsitute shrimp for broccoli in our pasta because we are vegetarians. We got there, 5 mins after they said our food would be ready and it still wasn't ready. We got our food and left (shouldve listened to my intuition telling me to check the food). Got to the house....our pasta was dry as hell and the "steamed" broccoli was raw broccoli sitting on top of our pasta. NEVER AGAIN. I'm disgusted with this place. The 2 stars was only because the first time they messed up the manager cooked the food very well.
2	You know that feeling when you walk in somewhere and you should just turn around and walk out, we should've listened ourselves!  We went to Chili's because red Robin had a long wait.  Once we set down we noticed the table next to us was dirty (not bussed from the previous guests). And it was never cleaned the entire time of our meal plus a couple other tables around us.  The place was it really even that busy.  The backsplash on our table look like someone at sneezed on three weeks previously.  The food was slow but once I got to us it tasted okay.  Because of the cleanliness of the place I didn't want to touch that little computer kiosk they put at your table.  Even if the zombie apocalypse happens and Chili's is the last restaurant in town we will not go back there ever again.
5	It's good
