5	This company was great!  They provided me a security system at no cost and a discounted monitoring rate.  Also, they sent over a former police officer to do the consultation and he gave us a bunch of crime prevention tips on how to make our house safe.We had a big nationwide company before these guys and they were able to not only give us all new equipment but also lowered my monthly rate and did all of this at no cost.  Extremely happy!  Thank you!!!
5	Thoroughly pleased with our AZ Alarm Company alarm system that we've had since April. I really appreciate the mobile apps that allow us to monitor our alarm activity as well as disarm and arm the system. Jim, the consultant who came to the house was very professional and extremely helpful.  Recently I was 2,000 miles away and still was able to allow access to our neighbors so that they could feed our dogs. They key fob is a nice feature as well. Glad we made the switch from out previous company! We are thankful we found this company. Thanks AZ Alarm Company
5	We have used this company to install multiple security systems.  They have always done superior work.  They are knowledgable and professional. The equipment they install is top notch, user friendly and very affordable compared to other companies in Arizona. Thank you.
5	We recently had AZ Alarm Company install a security system in our new home.The system has been working perfectly and very easy to use. We really love being able to control from our smart phones. I would recommend AZ Alarm Company to any one looking for home security. We have already sent our friends and family over to them as well!
5	We have had this company install numerous systems since our last review- again the service and the pricing were great!
5	It isn't like AZ Alarm Company really NEEDS one more 5-star review, but that should tell you: there is a reason this company is racking up some of the highest reviews on YELP.  We were "those" people......safe neighborhood, lots of people around in the daytime, etc. - until we were burglarized at 10:30 am. So (about time) -we took some pro-active measures and one of the things I usually do right is go to an independently owned business that values and works to keep their clients. This company is one of those, and then some! Jim always returns calls so promptly that I had to tell him to stop working on a Saturday! There was no hard sell, and he was careful not to sell me anything he didn't think I needed for our situation. The price was better than most, the installation done within a couple of days. The unit is state-of-the-art and definitely not complicated to use. Especially convenient is the phone app, where you can set or unset it from wherever you might be. I was raised in a family owned business and also worked for a company that is renown for its customer service.  If you read my other reviews, you know I don't toss around sugary compliments easily - but, have to say that this is one of the best experiences I have had regarding ethics and customer service from a company.
