5	Zorfs has taken over Friends bar  Its owner Kenny has put new energy into this establishment  The music is great, brunches still superb, and the neighborly atmosphere out of this world  A patio is promised after cutting through the city's red tape  you'll love this place
3	Covered parking is a big plus!
5	A comfortable place.  They are really working to make it something special., and even willing to listen to input. The new patio is a great addition.  Some people will like some nights and events better than others of course, but it is a place to put on your "to go to" list.   And bring your dog.
4	Very friendly waitstaff as well as clientele.  Comfortable, clean, well done.  Thanks for a wonderful time.  Will be seeing you quite often.
2	When i went to the web site, i see a photo of an empty patio... that not really a selling feature, i hung out on the patio all night with a group of friends, the patio has this really weird giant tiki umbrella thats way to low, it either gets in your face or you can see across the patio. (we were all making jokes about how long it would take until someone sets it in fire) The drinks were cheap so that was a plus.. and the bartenders were friendly even if he didn't know know to make the cocktail i ordered. Not a visually appealing bar,  lots of wires all over the place, but its not a horrid place to get cocktails.
5	Zorfs is pretty awesome. Kenny the owner has really turned this place around over the last year since he took it over about a year ago.The patio is an awesome addition! And now they have a good size dance floor. Phoenix's only pet friendly LGBT bar, have been here when people have their dogs and they play around in the grassy area out by the patio. Wednesday nights are game night, and they give away a lot of cool gifts.Highly recommended neighborhood bar if you like to chill and meet new great people.
1	Don't go here. This place is horrible. It's in the ghetto. It's not worth you time. There are better places out there
2	This is like a gay dive bar...I wasn't sure if I was going to get knifed or not. They were holding a poker tournament so it brought in all sorts of characters. In also reeked of vomit inside. However, their outdoor patio was adorable!!
1	Zorf's is now officially closed. It was another one of those gay bar tragedies I knew would fold. Creative exterior design doesn't make up for poor, non-existent ownership. You see it all the time...someone wants to own a gay bar, but is completely incompetent when it comes to professionalism in the hospitality industry. Hospitality Industry is the key term here. I feel badly for the employees who were left in the dust.
