3	Mountain's Edge has been described as one of the fastest growing master planned communities in all of the United States taking over that ranking from the Summerlin community. It's about 17 minutes via surface street to 215 beltway to I-15 highway to the Las Vegas Strip. There are several service and dining options finally opening up around the area, though a few are still closed or not being developed due to the surrounding economy. What makes this community very different is that it stays true to its name by actually being near a Mountain's Edge. The Mountain's Edge park that is close by, has a mountain of sorts that you can climb and see a lot of the surrounding valley. A good place for people to exercise, climb and take the family.
4	This is a nice community to live in. They keep up the grounds and have plenty of places to walk your pets. It's newer than many other communities in the valley which is a plus.
4	I chose to live in Mountain's edge due to convenience, it is where my parents live as well. The community is big, and boast an exploration park, which was awesome seeing as I like to walk my dog. I'll start with some positives:- The streets are wide, thus there is always a spot to park on when ur driveway is full- Cheaper compared to summerlin area- When u have complains against ur neighbor, u can always call ur hoa and they are polite and will attempt to correct issues. For some negatives:- They decided to put a "tow away" on the window of my car because I parked on the street after 10pm without the community sticker on my car. So, park on ur driveway or make sure u got ur hoa parking pass on ur dashboard- The fact that the community is literally near the mountain's edge, during summer, it feels more hot here by like 5degrees compared to the summerlin area. But with good a/c this is not a problem.Because of this, I'll rate the community 4 stars. If you want somewhere comfortable to live, this could be your place. I really believe this community is a great place to live in.
5	New constructions, nice roads, parks, trails, schools and libraries.  Away from the crazy strip area, but conveniently located close to the I-15 and I-215.  Blue diamond rd is like another high way.  HOA is very effective, so there is no beaten down car parked on the street for months, no trash (decoration)  piled up out side of the house.
