2	First, this place became Adventure Landing on June 1.  I can say even after two weeks there have been serious improvements.  They have replaced bricks on the mini-golf course, so your ball won't go off the course anymore.  There was a crew out there working on the landscaping (on a Saturday no less).  The staff could be a little friendlier, but  I noticed that there was more staff available than when it was Zuma.  There is still lots of room for improvement, but it's already upgraded from one star to two stars (and I agree with the previous one star reviews).
3	The previous 1 star reviews were definitely accurate.  This place either needed to be razed or bought and fixed up by someone else.  Luckily the latter happened as Adventure Landing bought it.  While there is still room for more improvements, progress has been made.  The water in the bumper boat pool was clean and most boats appeared to be working.  The mini golf courses appeared to have been fixed up and most games in the arcade looked like they were working.  They appear to be really fixing this place up rather than polishing a turd.  The Zuma owners really let it crumble after Celebration Station left, so we may return more often now.
3	This place is extremely worn down.  The mini golf course has flies surrounding every water source and trash can. The go karts were a lot of fun. It's a fun place with lots of activities and great for kids. I wish they would invest in upgrading it.
1	Terrible Experience for our entire family:Staffing: There was one game tech until 3:30 pm on a Saturday.  Once we finally found him to fix the Jurassic Park Machine (an all-time fave for me and my children) we had to wait almost 15 minutes.  As he was finally approaching the machine another customer stopped him and instead of dealing with us first, he helped the other guy.  After messing with the machine for a bit, he said he couldn't help us b/c he had no key for that machine....so instead of finding one, he walks off to assist other customers. Before he ran off I asked him if he was the only game tech and he said yes, that the other one just arrived. There was only one attendant manning the prize area and a herd of children surrounding it, so we decided we would have to come back another day to redeem our tix. There was only one attendant manning the concession area as well, and once again, the lines were super long. Lines:  The lines for the machines were very long, b/c only about 60% of the machines actually worked at all.  aSee above notes for other lines.Gameplay:As stated above, only about 60% of the machines actually worked at all, but the ones that did work were not fully functional.Examples:DDR Maxx: The sensor pads on BOTH sides of the machine have arrows that only work intermittently (even when putting full body weight on one single arrow.) One of the arrows doesn't work at all. DDR Mix: Good luck getting anything accurate out of this machine...The arrows on the right side of the screen don't even fully appear. Tekken 3:  Player 2 hit button on right doesn't work. Customer Service: The last 3 times we have come we have been highly disappointed with their lack of concern and poor customer service.  The time before this one I had actually sworn not to come back b/c of the poor service at the concession stand.  (of course, my children begged, and I thought we would give it another try.) We had been standing in line for a long time, and a man walked up beside me right before we got to the counter.  The associate took the man before serving us, and when I protested that we had been in that line for a very long line, she just looked at me and said nothing....I went to Adventure Landing's website to complain directly to the company, and once again their c.s. has failed.  There is a contact us link; however, it only takes you to a reservation page.  There is no customer service contact except to call that specific branch, which we all know usually gets us nowhere.  I have found it's always best to contact the corporate office if you want something done, but I will call it, since it is my only avenue to give feedback. Atmosphere:The state of the games, the run-down conditions, and the obvious lack of staffing has lowered morale in the associates I believe.  If you are the only one staffed and have to deal with so many upset customers, then I can understand the attitude of the staff-not that it excuses it, but there are obviously much bigger issues with either the management at that specific location or the company.  Bathrooms-many of the stalls do not lock, and there is not enough staff to keep them up.  They were messy and many stalls were out of t.p.Water Fountain-Hasn't worked correctly in 3 months!!!When this arcade was owned by Celebration Station conditions were better, the staff was friendly, there was less turnover, most games worked, there was more ppl per day working, and the place was clean.  (I would come to Celebration Station at least 2 times a week until Zuma took over. I visited less frequently then, but found out it became Adventure Landing.  This change has led me to visit even less frequently.)
2	This place has really gone down hill.  I remember it from way back in the day (10-15 years ago) when it use to be Celebration Station....fond memories.  I stopped by this past weekend to play putt putt.  The courses were in awful condition, where you would hit the ball and the "grass" would be bunched up in places preventing you ball from reaching the hole correctly.  It was sort of sad looking. There was an awful squeaking sound coming from the batting cages - they need to oil them up.  After putt putt, we ventured inside to try some of the games.  Half of the games took your tokens and weren't working.  The place was a mad house (they are not hurting for business, so they probably don't care about this bad review) so there wasn't really many people to help with the broken games.  And of course, none of them had signs on them saying "out of order".  I must also point out that when I tried to look this place up on line, the website wasn't even working.  I wasn't even sure if they were in business, so I had to call first.  The guy on the phone explained that Adventure Landing had recently purchased the property from Zuma Fun Center.  I sure hope they have big plans for a makeover for this place.  Not sure I would go back until it was cleaned up.So, my question for all of you Yelpers out there.....anyone know of a good putt putt place in Charlotte?  Seems like someone needs to open one up and they would make a lot of money.  This place was pretty awful and they were packed!!!!
2	Haha. Wow, this place blows...We went here to spend some time outdoors and play mini golf.  The course was really hacked up and in bad shape, as were the clubs.  I gave it 2 stars, because I had a great time joking about the place.Nothing wrong with what it offers, but they are definitely in need of some restoration.
3	Well it's a step up from what it was... but that's not exactly saying much. We walked in at about twenty to nine on a weekday (they're open til ten) and other than a guy clearly trying to avoid us so he can get off the clock, it took a good four or five minutes to find another employee. One happens to be standing in a dark empty dining room on her phone, the others appear from the kitchen shortly after. During this time I did notice that almost all (if not all) of the games inside seemed to be in working order, definitely a nice change from Zuma. We finally get our golf balls and head out to pick our clubs. Last time we had played mini golf here we were warned one course didn't have lights and one had been taken over by fire ants, so we could really only play the third. This time we picked the newly named frontier course. Not too bad, not too exciting. Most of the holes had at least one or two working lights so you could get the gist of the path you needed to take. After we finished we walked up to the castle on the course next to the batting cages and realized there were no lights at all on that one, so probably not the best night time choice, unless you're up for the challenge. Since its the closest mini golf course, I'll probably go back. Maybe during busier times the staff is less zombie-like.
1	This place is so terrible.  Don't waste your money or time.  Only thing that was ok was the batting cage.  Staff horrible management even worse!
2	Meh, is generous.Uh, well...how can I put this...how about this...just don't. It was finally a rain free weekend day, and I told my friend that I wanted to do something outside. He suggested Adventure Landing for some putt putt and games. Whoo! I haven't played in years....I was soooo excited. And since I had no idea what to expect I figured how bad could it possibly be?!!?!?Ha. We walked in and it was pure chaos. That's fine...its for the kids anyway but it just looked so run down. Seriously, everything just looked so old and outdated. And my friend said that this was an upgrade....from what it used to be???We finally made our way to the back and got our clubs and golf balls, the course was a little confusing, there are two ways to start the course but no one seemed to be interested in that. It was more of a free for all, the holes were dirty, the golf balls kept getting stuck and it was just such a let down. Ugh.
2	It was extremely fun for the kids, but the food was extremely expensive for no reason. Although they had good package deals the pizza was paper thin and was not that good for the $18.99 price tag. Games were a bit out dated. I have been to similar places that are more decent. Stay clear of the food area. Food and drinks were to expensive! Why? The place name changed from Zuma's to Adventure Landing; not buying it......literally! The mini race track and golf course were pretty cool.
1	If I could give a 0 here I would.  The short version: don't bother with this place.The explanation:  I took my 4 year old there for a friend's birthday party.  The food was complete crap, and when it came time to do the outdoor activities we experienced what seemed to me the biggest lapse in common sense that I've ever witnessed at a child's theme park like this.  There was a "kiddie go kart" ride that allowed kids as young as 4 or so based on their height to drive a go kart by themselves for the first time.  Overall, I like this idea, except that the staff didn't offer any instructions or coaching to the kids prior to letting them out on the track and then tried to act indignant and surprised when the kids "didn't follow directions" or "weren't obeying the rules".  First of all, only 2 children are allowed on the little track at a time.  Great!  Now how about telling them that ahead of time???  For my child specifically, he was the third kid in line.  When he tried to go out, rather than telling him something like "I'm sorry only 2 are allowed at a time" or "hey could you back up for me?" the girl running the ride just pushed him and another child back through the gate until my son hit his head on the lock of the gate and fell over backwards.  Then when it was his turn to go, there was no instruction beforehand about what he should do, so when he got into the kart he just hit the gas and took off without getting buckled in or anything.  Then the girl running the ride had the gall to accuse him of not following directions when THERE HAD BEEN NO DIRECTIONS given in the first place!  The manager went out and talked to the girl and claimed that she had received training, but I guess it didn't stick.Please don't bother exposing your children to the hazards here.
2	I'm a Charlotte native and worked at Celebration Station in the early '90s.  Its a shame Namco (the people who make arcade machines like Galaga and Ms Pac Man) sold this franchise off but I understand why - arcades aren't what they were back in my day so now it is almost all redemption games.  You know, buy $20 worth of tokens so you can buy two spider rings and a pencil for 186 tickets.  The guy up in Highpoint bought 5 of the celebration station locations but they wouldn't sell him this one for some reason.  I wish they would have - I've bought machines from .  Instead Zuma bought it, and let it spiral downhill until Adventure Landing bought the place in June of 2013.  While it is better now than it was, there are still more things to be done.  They do have coupons available on their site to be printed and redeemed at the ticket counter.  The coupons SAY they have to be used by the same kid but they really don't.  So print out a bunch and buy them and split them up however you want to.  I'd love to see this place cleaned up more but we will see.  It's still better now than Zuma ever was if that helps sway your decision..
1	If you come when it's warm, prepare to sweat because they don't have air conditioning. Also prepare for dirt all over the place. It's far from cheap for being a DUMP too!
1	Wtf!! This place needs a lot of repairs...they have  games that are halfway way working .....& on the miniature golf course some of the holes are eating the balls..Wow this place has to be the WORSE miniature golf course I've ever seen it leaves and all sorts of bullshit all over the course .... THIS PLACE SUCKS!! A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY.... WILL NOT EVER COME BACK HERE...but whoever owns this place is making BANK off the bullshit... Sorry to be so colorful in my wording but I'm in disbelief that people patronize this place... My niece and nephew still enjoyed themselves.... But overall THIS PLACE IS HOMEMADE BACKWOODS BULSHIT....
1	If I could give 0 Stars I would. This place is the worst exhibit of family fun in Charlotte, NC. I was completely appalled upon stepping into the venue. From the moment we stepped through the doors the smell of mildew, must & humidity were empowerment enough to exit stage LEFT & jump in the car to head home. On the contrary my husband & I were with 3 teenagers who had their heart set on going go kart riding on this warm Spring Saturday. So we bit the bullet & stayed only to purchase 3 teenage passes which allowed them 3 rides each on the go kart & for ourselves we purchased a single ride each to ride once with the girls. OOH LORD what an ADVENTURE at Adventure Landing. This place is so outdated, half ARSH built & unprofessionally ran. While in line for the go karts there were at least 25 QUEEN BEE's that were attacking everyone in line it was the most scary & uncomfortable wait EVER. The go kart hit area is where the bees had several hives built as it's their home & we were only visitors. After 20 minutes of fighting off HUGE Queen Bees we got in our go karts & hit the path. The go karts were smelly, dirty, torn, worn, broken, etc.. After one round around I was in the lead & as I hit the corner my car begin to slow down only to eventually completely STOP while everyone else zipped pass me. I sat in the stalled kart waiting for rescue which NEVER happened I had to get out & walk the track back to the BEE invested hut where the other drivers were being directed back in to return the cars. They offered me a FREE ride but of course I declined & my girls stated that they didn't want to stay & RE-enter that BEE infested line with the high possibility to get stung by a QUEEN BEE. I also attached pictures of some of the KILLER Bee's as they festered around the patrons in line.This place is a NO GO EVER.. I just recently caught a commercial & it was filmed in 1980 which is the last time they cleaned up the place & when the machines where last operational. Nothing like the places home in Chicago, Boy does Charlotte need a revamp on fun places to take children for things like go karts & golf.
1	Take this from someone who use to work there! Do not even bother going, save yourself the money, half of the games and attractions there don't work or are constantly having issues. The management sucks, if you call to complain basically they will laugh in your face.
1	Let's just say the customer service is not about customer service. I downloaded a coupon for a free game and then the cashier tells me it must be printed and there was nothing on the coupon about "printing required". Most places today have the ability to sack your smartphones. Let's hope the remainder of the adventure is better than the beginning!
2	I was in town on vacation and so I was determined to have fun despite the horrible conditions of this park and the absurd lack of care that the employees showed. 1.   Bought two 3 ride passes and went out to mini golf.   No one was at the stand to give out supplies, but clubs were laying out on the counter so we just grabbed them.  Basically, we got free mini golf cuz no one bothered to show up.  We went to play the Castle course.   By hole 10 we were tired of clearing the courses of debris and running from hornets.  My niece suggested we "blow this popsicle stand" cuz she wanted to ride the purple dinos, so we went back in to purchase another ride ticket. 2.  We told the lady we were purchasing the ticket so my niece who is too small to ride the other rides could get on the purple dinos.  She sold us a ticket.  We went outside.   There was no one there.   We finally noticed there was a guy sitting on a bench smoking a cigarette and actively ignoring us.  We asked if he operated the rides, he seemed to speak little English.   He said he did.   We asked if he could turn on the dinos.   He said "None of these rides have worked since last year.  Only the planes work."   We finally convinced her to get on the places instead only to find that the planes -barely- worked.   My mother went back in to complain about them selling tickets to broken rides.  They didn't bother even explaining, and gave our money back.  3.  We went to the bumper boats.   Only four out of twelve of them even worked.   The pool water they were in was filthy.  I felt like I needed a scalding hot water bath after ten minutes of being shot in the face with it.  4.  Went to the go-carts.  The guy there makes this ride work.  He is friendly, helpful, attentive and nice.  However this facility is also in disrepair.  My nephew and I got in our own carts.  He noticed my engine wasn't going. My car had died and wouldn't re-start.   He got me into another cart.  I felt like this ride was a bonus for the money, we got a nice long time to cruise in our carts, we had SO much fun.  5.  After the karts we were done with all but one of our rides.  My niece was too small to go on the karts by herself and the rules said I needed two tickets to ride a two person kart.   But I asked the guy, and he agreed to let me bring my niece as a ride along.   This was so much fun!   She had a blast!   She kept calling him "Mr. nice guy" which cracked me up.   Afterwards when we got out she asked if we could go up to him cuz she wanted to thank "Mr. Nice Guy."    He is the only reason for any stars.
1	We came here for my younger brothers birthday and were VERY disappointed. Customer service was non existent here! All the employees were too busy texting to notice anyone and even a manager acted like we were a burden to deal with. We played mini golf which was a joke in itself,  clearly no one had tended to the mini golf course in months, the green looked like a bad old carpet, tears and gathering everywhere so you couldn't even enjoy the game! We wanted to do the bumper boats but they weren't even open. Go karts were fun other than the fact that rubber from tires of the cars in front of you would fly off and hit you in the face! I will say they had a great selection of games to play which were awesome however there were barely any prizes to choose from. The only prizes you could choose from below 500 tickets were pencils and Chinese finger traps.. Not even candy or anything! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
1	Is very old.  Most of the arcades ate not working or just taking the tokens.  There is no customer service at all rude workers. Will not go back for sure. Dirty and bad.
2	After reading so many negative reviews of this place, I decided to check Adventure Landing (formerly 'Zuma Fun Center') out in Pineville myself. After an experience of spending $5 on tokens for the arcade, I have to say, they were well wasted! The arcade was terrible.Many machines either take your money or do not work 100%. For example, the 'Time Crisis II' machine, which is one of my favorite games; the guns did not work! I was pissed.  I played 'Star Wars Trilogy Arcade' upstairs and the monitor was foggy. I could barely see what I was playing. Other games like 'ATV Track' had broken buttons. One of the basketball games did not dispense its balls. The whole interior of the arcade has a weird layout. When I walked towards upstairs, I came across a closed party room and saw 'X-Men vs. Street Fighter' running in a 'Capcom vs. SNK' machine. The machine was on, but the doors were locked and no one was in there. :\The go-kart track looked like a joke. The staff looked careless, just young people that play on their little touchscreen devices...All in all, go to Dave & Buster's in Concord instead if you can drive up about 25 minutes. This park is a dump.
