5	I recommend Pete at Call 4 Handyman.  He's a handyman that's also the "Jack of All Trades".  He does it all.....interior/exterior painting, garage door repairs, flat screen mounting, kitchen work, and even is a locksmith. I didn't get all these jobs done at my home so I can't quote any prices. But I did give Pete of Call 4 Handyman a call when HOA pressured me to get my eaves painted. The work itself was something that I could easily have done if I had the time, didn't mind the outside heat, and owned a ladder tall enough to get to my eaves.  I found Pete from Call 4 Handyman through Craigslist and now you can find him through Yelp.  I simply contacted Pete, he requested pictures of the eaves, he gave me an estimate (which was lower than I expected to pay), and he showed up promptly on the same day. The work was done in about 30 minutes, which would have taken me at least 2 hours. The work was fast, clean, and affordable.  Looking for a handyman to do most jobs, give Pete of Call 4 Handyman a call.
5	Pete and his coworker did a great job. They were on time , pilot and CLEAN. Work was completed as required and they kept to the original price !!Will use them again.
5	Had a few small repairs to do in a home I bought. Pete came and did a wonderful job for a reasonable price. I would definitely recommend his services to anyone :)
5	I needed to get a satellite wire painted to match the color of the house. I searched YELP for a handyman and found Pete. He was great. He quoted me for the job after I sent some pictures. I needed it done right away and he was able to accommodate me on the same day in less than 2 hrs. He was very nice and professional. I would use him again for other jobs.
5	Excellent service and pricing. Pete was always prompt and he's extremely trustworthy.  Great company. Will use them again.
5	Long story short....I had break into my house and called Pete. He was at my house within an hour and fixed my door. He's AMAZEBALLS!!!
5	Called Pete with a quick repair needed before moving out of our rental, he was prompt and offered a fair price. Would use his services again.
5	Pete and his other handyman was great! They were on time, quick, and did a great job. I would def hire him again.
5	Pete saved my day , he is my heromy water heater leaked and it  was getting pretty bad he was fast, good and professional nice guy...He even gave me tips on things that could help avoid potentially expensive repairs in the future...thanks Pete you rock.
5	I had Pete come out and install some security cameras at my house.  He was here within a couple hours to give me an estimate and had the job wrapped up a couple days later.  His work was excellent! He made sure to clean everything up after he was done which was much appreciated.  I'll be using him for some other projects in the future.  He's my go to handyman.
5	The funny thing about handymen is that there will always be a situation where you call them because someone else messed up (and quite frankly, you should've just called a handyman in the first place).Pete is friendly and not judgmental of botched home improvement projects (I promise I won't ask my stepdad anymore!). The price is fair, not remarkable on either spectrum. What makes Pete a winner for me is the fact I can text photos of the situation and we can discuss quotes that way -- so convenient! He also came on very short notices, which will always leave room for appreciation.
5	Highly recommend! Locked myself out of the car at my veterinarian office with my dog in the car and the owner of this company came immediately to the rescue! He was so caring and professional and so expediate. Thank you Pini. You are a lifesaver!
5	I need help with my toilet...Woke up this morning with leaking toilet. I called this handyman after 45 min , I have new toilet ready for me.... Nice guy...great price....Will call him again when my new 65' tv arrive..Thank you so much..
5	I manage several properties for my clients in Las Vegas and Henderson. This business is great. I use them for repairs, maintenance and other jobs as well. The quality of work is outstanding and the customer service is great. When you make an appointment with them they actually show up on time and discuss your options to get you the best pricing possible. I would recommend this company to anyone looking for a professional top-notch handyman.
5	Pete and his handymen really know how to run a business. My property management company quoted me their vendor's price and I called these guys for a second opinion. They were fast and easy to reach by phone. By the following day they had repaired what I'd previously been told must be replaced. They saved me $300. I will definitely be using them in the future.
5	I highly recommend Pete! He is trustworthy and gets quality work done. Thankfully I found him on Yelp, the gift that keeps on giving!
5	Pete is by far the best handyman I have ever encountered.  Reliable, fair prices, extremely competent, trustworthy and maybe most importantly - a true Gentleman! AL Las Vegas.
5	I cannot fully express how incredibly impressed I am with Pete and his work!!!!!!!!!  He was easy to get ahold of, promptly responded to queries, punctual, dependable, trustworthy, honest, and extremely thorough in his work.  Beyond highly recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Pete is amazing he showed up quickly diagnosed the problem and found an affordable solution.I had a set of kitchen drawers that the glides had broken off the back wall. He repaired them in under an hour for the 4 drawers.Outstanding service at a great price.....
5	An excellent handyman, Pete was very efficient and was able to take care of my toilet repair needs easily and for a reasonable price.  I would definitely use him again for any problems around the home, like water leaks, electrical issues, etc.  He knows what to do and comes prepared, which are rare to find in any repairmen these days!
5	Pete is a great guy, very Reliable and honest.As a young owner everybody try to make you pay more then you need.Peter help me a lot, he gave me a very fair price and did a great job.He was very kind and helpful with everything that I asked from him to do around the house. Excellent and very efficient!!
1	I wish I had the same experience as all the other reviews.  He was called to hook up 2 new ceiling fans which already had existing wiring and wall switches.  Could not hook them up properly so one switch turned on the light and the other turned on the fan even though the fan that was there before had the exact same set up.He was also brought out to install overhead garage storage shelves which were bought from Costco and had detailed instructions and just needed to be attached to the studs in the ceiling of the garage.  After over an hour of doing I don't know what he comes in to tell me he can't do it.  While he was very nice and polite I would not hire him back again.
5	Pete was professional, fast and a pleasure to deal with.  He charged me a fair price and did outstanding work on some closet repair I needed done.  I am truly confused by any negative reviews I see because not only was Pete professional, but very personable as well.  He obviously cares about his work and I would not hesitate at all to use his services again for future projects.
5	I can't express how satisfied with my experience with Pete and his partner. I had a bunch of odd jobs around the house that needed fixing. I called him up and scheduled an appointment. They have a two man team-plumber and electrician. In less than 2.5 hour they did tv wall mounting, leaking faucet, pad locking back fence door, Backdoor that's hard to open, air conditioning filter, garbage disposal and valve and tubing for washer/dryer. This also includes traveling time to pick up the items needed from hardware store. They were efficient and even answered all my concerns on other areas of the house. The pricing was extremely reasonable where I know other plumbers will try to replace unnecessary parts where they just fixed. I was happy and gave a generous tip :) thanks again guys!
5	I used this company several months ago but wanted to make sure to write them a good review as I had a positive experience which can be tough to find.  I called to get help installing the drainage pan underneath my new second story washing machine.  The one I had was cracked and the delevery folks would not deliver the product until the new pan was installed properly.  So the handyman came out on the same day that I called and took care of it with no issues and a reasonable price.  I would recommend and use again!
5	Fair prices, courteous technicians, quick response and competent service.
5	Called the handyman & mentioned that we had a shower head leak. He said he would call in a couple of hours to stop by for a quote. He never called, not even to notify me he was running long on current job or to at least reschedule. End of story.Part 2 of this review: after posting a 1 star review, Pete contacted me right away to address the miscommunication that apparently occurred. He responded right away after the above paragraph, showing that he values every one of his customers. Pete is going above & beyond, striving for 5 star service.Part 3 of review after service:  Pete showed up as promised and fixed the plumbing issue, charging a very fair price. I'll be recommending him to family & friends.
5	This post is a little late as Pete worked on my condo over the summer (sorry Pete!).  I have a rental unit in Henderson. I had recently evicted my tenant and was desperate to find someone trustworthy to repair my condo.  I had read some reviews on Yelp and saw Pete had some wonderful reviews. He came over to the condo and I explained what I needed done. I needed some painting, the carpet removed, and the baseboard replaced. In walking the condo with him, he showed me the drywall in the bathroom needed to be repaired and I needed to have some holes patched in my walls. He gave me a very fair estimate for everything that needed to be done. A few days in to the project, he called to say he found some leaking pipes. He took pictures of the areas, gave me a quote to fix them, and he took care of them for me. I hired a carpet guy to come lay the carpet. The guy gave me a quote for what I was looking for. Pete was able to find another carpet man, get me a better price, and oversaw the project for me.He was straightforward with me from the get go. He fixed what I needed to get fixed and pointed out some other issues that needed some attention. Did I mention i live in the San Francisco Bay Area? We did most of our business by phone or text.I really appreciated the fact he could be trusted. My potential tenant told me the unit looked great when she went to look at the condo. The carpet was nice and everything looked brand new! That really says a lot about him.I will definitely call Pete for anything else I need to have done!
