5	The food is to die for. Try the fried chicken. Best in town. All the sides are amazing as well they really have such great flavor. Can't wait to come here with my fiance and friends as this is my new go to spot. Awesome patio and bar and the service is great too.
5	I had dinner and drinks at "The Upton" in Scottsdale last night. A very cool spot that had been the "Petite  Maison for years ( near Scottsdale road and Camelback).  The food was awesome. A very unique blend of master chef created items that are in many ways "American with a comfort food feel".  The parking was great and the inviting patio was filled with a great casual  atmosphere.The drink menu had uniquely "in house" concoctions that would please anyone with an adventurous  palette. AmazingFinally... The staff was awesome. Truly "on top of it" and great to talk to as well. I recommend this to anyone that wants great food, amazing house music and not to have 40 TV's dominating the agenda with raucous sports fans yelling. So much In Scottsdale has become just that. Im heading back.  Great spot
5	Awesome patio and amazing food! Already planning my next visit!
5	Ok.  The steak was amazing. The fried chicken was amazing. The cauliflower was amazing. Sat on the patio and really enjoyed the ambiance. Good night with friends :-)
5	Attention people who like bad food. Don't come to the Upton, because the food is amazing. Each bite I took reminded me what it felt like when I lost my virginity. This is what Scottsdale needed.The duck wings are a must
5	Excellent food. I had the duck wings as a shared plate and the honey fried chicken for dinner with a side of shishito peppers. Great service and a very nice ambience. Good sized portions and reasonably priced.
5	Phenomenal food, great, imaginative cocktails with a well crafted wine list, and an atmosphere that manages to be both casual and intimate.  I highly recommend the outdoor seating area in the back and the house-made ramen which was the best I've ever had.  If I lived in the area The Upton would would absolutely be my go-to restaurant. The Upton is a delightful slice of authenticity in the fake plastic palm tree that is Scottsdale.
3	We were fans of the previous restaurant, Petite Maisson. So, we decided to give the new restaurant a try. The former sous chef is now running the kitchen. The food was very good and fairly priced. We had a beet salad, salmon, and the fried chicken. All were delicious and perfectly prepared.Wine by the glass was expensive. $12 for a very ordinary Napa Sauvignon Blanc. The glasses are marked on the side, so the bartender only pours exactly 6 ounces. Don't expect any extra or generous pours. My suggestion is to go during Happy Hour. Then the available wines are $7. That's a fair price for the quantity and quality.The house music was techno, club type so not really suited for dinner. It was loud inside might be better outside.
5	I haven't had a fabulous meal out in several weeks, but decided tonight I needed to break my dry spell. Arriving at Upton we were quickly greeted by the hostess. While we hadn't made a reservation (a must on Saturday night) we were offered a place at the bar. After being seated we were quickly waited on and provided with a menu. The specialty drinks looked amazing, and made it even more difficult to pass up as I watched  the bartenders prepare the drinks. As I'm not drinking for now, I quickly moved to the food menu. I was immediately drawn to the duck confit wings with Sriracha ranch dressing. The meat on the duck wings fell of the bone and was rich and succulent. For my entree I had the steak while my friend had the salmon. The steak was cooked beautifully and was juicy and flavorful. The Salmon was fresh and a perfect pink color. We shared an order of the fries which may have been my favorite part (I'm a sucker for fries). The service was outstanding, we were checked on several times by various staff other than our bartender/server and our glasses were never empty. The prices were reasonable and for the two of us our bill was under $50 (without alcohol). Looking forward  to another great meal!
5	Celebrated my husband's birthday. The patio is beautiful and management was super accommodating for our party. The fried chicken was ridiculously good with an original flair. We were a rather large party with several checks so cashing out didn't go well....maybe not the best option for larger parties but a must regardless.
4	We went here one evening just after it opened.  The inside was very crowded, I didn't even see a free table inside.  They seated us at a nice table outside.  The waiter recommended a few items on the menu, so we gave them a shot.I ordered the fried chicken. I was sold on ordering this because the server said it was infused with duck fat.  This chicken was super rich and moist.  I'd definitely suggest getting it.Others at the table ordered the chicken, tacos, and a sandwich.  Everyone seemed to really love their food.I'd definitely suggest going!
5	You have to check out The Upton! My sisters and I came for dinner and we loved it. Great service and excellent food. My favorite appetizers were the ribs and the burrata. Order both. You won't be disappointed. For dinner we ordered the fried picnic chicken. So good! For dessert, try the smores. This fabulous new restaurant nestled in old town Scottsdale is a must try! Don't be surprised if this spot becomes your favorite neighborhood go to!
5	Our foodie club of six had an incredible dinner in front of the fireplace on the patio.   Our server Brandon, was very knowledgeable about the dishes and recommended the Chinese char ribs, and crispy duck wings for appetizers... AAAAmazing!  The Angus bistro steak with caramelized sweet onions was delectable and tender as  buttah.   My husband and I so enjoyed dinner, that we decided to check out the Sunday brunch... they offer a simple menu with some unusual twists... the open-faced Havana, roasted pork, ham, Swiss with house made Dijon was divine.  Next time will try the organic egg in a basket.... oh yes there will be a next time.
2	Drinks were mediocre, a couple of the menu items were good, others were quite bland. One of the owners stopped by to ask how everything was and we told him. He graciously said he would comp all of the food, but when we got the bill only two items were taken off. Not sure why he said one thing and did another. Won't go back
5	Visiting AZ and found this place by chance. Glad we did. The food and service was excellent. We ordered way too much food but we had to since it all looked so good. The mason jar chopped salad was great and the jar was a cool touch. The pork tacos also stood out to me when they melted in my mouth. We also loved the plantains that looked like waffle fries. I highly recommend. Oh yeah and it was so good we will go back tonight with the family.
5	Came here for the Fiesta Bowl. We sat on the brand new, ficus surrounded patio with heaters. Food and service were excellent. Friendly staff, delicious food- my foodie friends raved about the oysters and garlic dipping sauce for the fries. My husband and I liked the steak and fried chicken. The pickles were yummy and a chef secret. A definite place for foodies and normies alike.
2	I never write reviews but I felt like my experience here called for one. My husband and I were really excited to try this place for brunch on New Year's Day, but we left feeling completely disappointed and unsatisfied, if not somewhat disgusted. I will say that the cocktails and crispy confit duck wings were delicious. However, the chicken fried chicken sandwich and pork tostada, the two reasons we selected this restaurant in the first place, were awful. The chicken fried chicken was anything but. What was served instead was mushy dark meat chicken formed together in a patty like mold, breaded and lightly fried. The texture was so off putting and impossible to eat as a "sandwich". It was like fried chicken tartare slapped on an English muffin. Even worse was the pork tostada. The pork was drenched in liquid smoke. The taste was so artificial and it lingered in my mouth for close to an hour after we left. We had to go to another restaurant for a drink to wash the taste from our mouths. I understand this is a new restaurant and they are still working out the kinks. Their menu is very promising but the recipes  need some major work. And unfortunately, though their dinner menu sounds fabulous, after this terrible experience, we won't likely be back to try it. Sadly, not a good way to start 2015.
3	I'm going to try and be fair, given they've only been open about a month.  That said, I cannot fathom the 5 star reviews lavished on The Upton in the short time they've been open.  From my perspective, they are very much in the throes of shaking out the new restaurant kinks.  I credit the creativeness of the menu, which matches Asian and American flavors in intriguing ways.  However, I don't care how good you say the ramen is.  I live in the SF Bay Area, and have my pick of some of the best Japanese noodles this side of Tokyo.  My guess is that ramen is a new and, somewhat exotic, concept in Arizona, so I'm sure this is why it's perceived as "so amazing".  Anyway, on to the meal at hand.  My dinner date and I ordered the burrata starter, which resembled just regular mozzarella without any of the characteristic oozy creaminess inside.   Up next was the Mason jar chopped salad, which was essentially a salad parfait that is then tossed table side.  Yeah, it's a little gimmicky, but the salad may have been the best thing we ate all night.  My date wanted to order the fried chicken, which apparently is the best item on the menu.  So good, in fact, that our waiter informed us they were out and it would be 30 minutes before a fresh batch was battered.  Deterred, so settled on the wild salmon as a backup and I placed my order for the bistro steak.  A few minutes later, we decided that waiting 30 minutes for the fried chicken wasn't so bad and we flagged down the owner to have the order changed.  Unfortunately, he did not pass the message to our waiter or the kitchen.  This was confirmed when out waiter came around.  He then proceeded to inform us it would be far more than 30 minutes, since they have to, inexplicably, close the whole kitchen down to fry the chicken.  It seems that they only have one fryer, and the temperature for the chicken is lower than the other fried items on the menu.  This seems like a major oversight when planning the kitchen layout.  The owner later indicated he was going to buy a 2nd fryer the following week.So, back to plan B.  Anyway, our orders arrived and they were underwhelming.  My steak, although properly cooked, was well under-seasoned and fairly boring.  The salmon was a tad over cooked, but otherwise fine on its own and pretty good with the accompanying yogurt sauce.Service was...overly eager.  No fewer than 6 times was I asked if my plate could be taken away, when it should have been fairly obvious that I was still working on it.We decided to pass on dessert and call it an evening.  I think what was most disappointing is that the previous restaurant in this space, Le Petit Maison, was so very good.  Hopefully the kitchen and staff at the Upton will hit a stride, but they just aren't there yet.
5	Had the angus beef hash for brunch, delicious! The Bloody Mary was to die for! Definitely coming back.
5	I little bit of "OldeScottsdale, AZ ", this place has been around since the 1800's. So it is charming in an "off-beat" way -- low ceilings and teeny tiny bathrooms opening right into the back dining room. The food and drink are very good and reasonably priced, the service is efficient if a tad brisk. A great location in trendy expensive Soho.
5	My wife and I had an early happy hour at the Upton after a movie. We shared almost all of the offered happy hour items, including the pork tacos, the shishito peppers, the steamed pork buns, and the burrata. All were done perfectly and priced very well for the size of each serving. We found Chris Waddell and the staff to be friendly and helpful as well.We will definitely be back!Marc and Kristin Bailes
4	We had a great time here celebrating a friends bday- they brought us all a round of champagne to celebrate (and it was good champagne :-)) food was good- the noodles weren't my favorite- but the salmon was incredible. The staff was the best part and so accommodating- we will be back!
5	This place has a nice quaint atmosphere (can't seat a party bigger than 6 inside) but outside is very big and spacious and beautiful with some fun wall art. There are also a ton of space heaters and heaters under your seat if you are ever concerned about the cold during winter.For food, I definitely recommend the fried chicken!!! It was delicious and fell off the bone. 2nd favorite was the pastrami sandwich. For sides the cauliflower was delicious. Nom nom...I went with a party of 6 and we ate every plate clean. I hear the brunch is great...can't wait to go back!
