3	This Airpark  location is quick and clean they got me in and out of there within an hour.I found a price lower than what was originally quoted to me. So when I called the cancel my appointment the person from the toll free line called the shop and asked if they would price match and they did. So I am happy, also being new to Phoenix the counter person gave me a great tip and that was to check into glass insurance something I had never heard of coming from Chicago. FYI they don't offer mobile service.
4	This is my third time coming here to fix a crack on my windshield. First time, the whole thing had to be completely changed. (guess thats to be expected living here in the desert) They did an excellent job with the replacement. They even placed back the sticker as a reminder for my next oil change! Recommend this place if you want quick, reliable and courteous service!
5	A+
5	I now consider myself an Arizonian. If you drive a lot on the 101 or 51 like I do, you'll get your fair share of chips on your windshield. You'll also have to replace a windshield like I had to do just recently. Apparently, chips and cracking windshields  is common in Arizona. In fact, I seem to recall my insurance agent telling me that insurance companies must provide this coverage in Arizona.I had a chip repaired about a year ago near the very bottom of the windshield. Just recently a small, very fine crack started traveling north on the windshield from the repaired chip (a different vendor repaired the chip). I called these guys over to my house and they said it was too long to fix, so they replaced the whole windshield the next day.What great service, they come out to your residence or place of business to repair or replace your windshield.
1	So, I'd like to start by first saying that I did NOT use Safelite, but was so appalled on the phone that I would never even think about it. I called the main number on their Web site to get information and I was connected to some inbound call representative. Firstly, they wouldn't give me a quote until they asked me a lot of questions, many of which had nothing to do with what the chip repair would cost. Secondly, they tried to say it would cost $101.00 for a chip repair. I was so shocked because I once replaced an entire windshield for $110.00 so I would never spend that much for a repair. I told her that it was outrageous and nevermind, then she said "Ok, I can do $75.00" I told her too high and no thank you, so then I had to hear a lecture about how their apoxy is clear and such great quality and on and on. I called a few other companies and am very happy that I can go with Guardian Auto Glass, who will come to my house for $44.95 + tax.
5	This is the second time I've used these guys and thought ti was high time I wrote a review. Both times were for repairs of a chipped/starred windshield. The mobile service came out on time and performed their work quickly, and successfully. Price was $60.00 which seems to be a very good value.This last time, while the service tech was waiting for the repair to dry & harden, he washed all of my windows and vacuumed my interior without asking and without me even being present. Phenomenal service -- thanks!!!
1	I've used another safelite in Chicago and it was quick and easy, so when I filed my insurance claim for glass repair, I insisted on Safelite. However, these guys were a complete disaster. After losing my paperwork twice, they finally came out to my house and then flatly refused to do the replacement due to a tiny bit of rust near the corner of the windshield. Now my claim has been closed and no one has fixed the windshield. Needless to say, I am not happy. Do not use this Safelite!
5	These guys are the best; they have a fantastic website that lets your easily book appointments, their customer service is exceptional and they do a fantastic job on your car glass repair. My technician was Josh and he was very professional. I won't use anyone else for windshield repair or replacement again.
1	I am EXTREMELY disappointed in the service I received from Maria at the Safelite in Scottsdale AZ.  So much so that I cancelled my appointment with this company.  I called Safelite after receiving my confirmation through USAA to ensure that I would be receiving tinted glass (the tinted glass is what came factory on my vehicle) I was told that my truck does not come this way and they would not provide tinted glass.  I called the manufacture of my vehicle and they confirmed that my vehicle does have factory tint.  I called Maria back and informed her of the information that I had received.  Maria put me on hold to call a local Dealership to see if they could  find that my glass was in fact a factor tint.  Maria came back informed me that the dealership said, "no it just comes with the regular green tint".  Because of this information I cancelled the appointment and called the same dealership she did and spoke to the same person she did.  The dealership informed me that they did NOT tell her that the glass did not have tint but that all they could see was that the vehicle has "rear fixed tinted windows".  I have NEVER been treated like this before, as if I am a liar.  I hope your other customers are receiving better service then what I received from Maria.
5	As I was completing a one of a kind vehicle restoration I needed a new windshield put in. I called ahead and made an appointment to get the windshield installed. I showed up early, dropped off the vehicle. I then walked over to a local restaurant for some lunch. I came back an hour later and the car was untouched. I wasn't very happy at this point. I said something to the receptionist and she went to the workshop and cracked the whip. Two minutes lated a guy was hard at work, wrestling with the giant gasket that holds the window in. After an hour or so he gave up and a second tech went at it. Another hour later a third tech gave it a try and failed.Now you have to ask yourself why would I give 5 stars to a place that kept me waiting and had three different techs fail at installing my windshield. I'll tell you why, because they got it done. A fourth tech came in from a road trip and helped the other techs to "tame the beast" and install the window correctly. It was a monumental task and most restorers of this vehicle just paint the gasket and call the restoration good. These guys made my vehicle look GREAT!By the way, that was about 8 man hours of labor for less than $200. I supplied the glass and the gasket. Thanks again!!!
4	Note - they moved to 8175 E. Raintree Drive.I had a chip on my windshield that turned into a crack. Rather than deal with the no-name companies that were offering debit cards and dinners I called my insurance company and was connected to Safelite.I made my appointment on-line which was fairly painless. But, they asked if the crack would fit under a dollar bill. Since mine was about 4 inches long I answered yes and was told that I just needed a repair, not a replacement. That sounded odd to me, but they're the experts.I went in and the tech was doubtful that it could be repaired but said he'd try. He did, and it failed. The chip was filled but the crack remained. He told me to reschedule for a replacement which I did but this time I had to lie about the size of the crack. I received a confirmation call from their customer service center and I told her that the insurance company might get confused because I had an open claim on a repair. She said they'd take care of it and send me an email confirmation that the claim was accepted. I never received the email.I went in for my replacement anyway and everything went OK. I think the tint is lighter on the new windshield but it's fine.  As I was leaving I was called to the phone because they had my insurance company on the line and they wanted to talk to me. Yep, they couldn't figure out why I was replacing a windshield that was just repaired. I told them the story and it all got worked out.The work done by the techs - 5 stars.  The website and customer service employee - 3 stars.
5	The technician was prompt, fast, super clean (vacuumed the whole car and cleaned all the windows) and very friendly. Excellent customer service.
1	Very disappointing. I made an appointment with Safeguard because I figured as a large brand they would be a reputable company. I was given an install time of 12 to 6. I also got a call in the morning letting me know I would get a call later in the day when the Tech was headed my way. At 5pm I got a call letting me know they "didn't have the man power" and wouldn't be replacing my windshield as scheduled. I let them know my lease was to be turned in the next day and waiting until the end of the business day to cancel on me was very unprofessional. After 10 minutes on hold I was told "hopefully someone would come tomorrow". As a business owner, this is extremely poor customer service and they have now left me in a bad situation. Avoid these guys!
5	I got a new car. All bright and shiny. Driving around with a smile on my face and "crack" - the sound of something hitting my windshield. Cringing and looking for damage I found a small crack on the lower part of the windshield directly under the rear view mirror. My nine day old car had a blemish - this was not acceptable!I called Safelite and scheduled a visit to my home for the next day.  They contacted my insurance company and took care of the paperwork. The tech called about an hour before he arrived and was friendly and courteous. He filled the crack with some magic resin and, from the outside, I could no longer see the crack. If you look closely on the inside you can see what looks like bug splatter but it's really the crack.  It's very small - the small spider webs radiating from the crack are completely gone.Excellent job and good service.
5	In two visits the work was done REALLY well, the job was explained to me, the staff did more than they had to and charged WAY less than they could have.  On top of that, everybody is really nice.  I love this place.  This is the only glass place I'll consider.  Plus, the roomy waiting room is cool and has wi-fi.  :)
1	GO somewhere else to get your windshield replaced where they know what they are doing.  I am on my 2nd windshield from them and will not allow Safelight to touch my car again.  I am a USAA customer, so I expected a high quality installation.  Instead, I was given a very low quality windshield that was installed incorrectly two times.  The real annoying part is the nonsense the technician told me about sealing the glass.  I have wind/air noise where it sounds like the door is ajar ever since they installed the windshield.  When I asked if it was ever sealed correctly, he said it was never going to be a tight seal because of the rubber piece that was over the bottom of the windshield.  He said your only option is to replace the rubber which costs about 400$ to replace.  I had my Toyota dealership look at the 2nd windshield Safelight installed and they told me the following: rubber piece has nothing to do with the air seal (it's cosmetic), the glass was not installed properly (molding sitting too far down), not sealed correctly on the top portion (which is causing the air flow) and the new windshield has jagged edges (not cut smoothly).   Seriously, go somewhere else - there are much better companies than Safelight.
