1	SO UNHELPFUL and they totally will try to rip you off! They tried to over quote me by at least $20-$25, thinking I didn't know better! Go ANYWHERE BUT HERE for your cell phone needs, unless of course you want three creepy guys checking you out while trying to rip you off!!!! I wish I didn't even have to give one star cuz they do not deserve it!
5	Well my experience was completely the opposite of the other poster on here...I had my phone stole yesterday (It was almost a $600 phone) and the thief sold it to Vegas Cellular (without there knowledge that it was stolen of course) when I called my stolen phone the guys there told me to come down and get it and they gave it back to me for FREE even though they were out the money they paid for it...they said they would try to track down the thief themselves but that they were happy to give me back my phone...that was a load off my mind!! If you need cell phones or accessories I give these guys two thumbs up or in this case 5 stars...
4	Seems to be a split decision on these guys.Was quoted a flat rate over the phone for iPhone 4 glass replacement.  Showed up, got the glass replaced in about 10 minutes, and paid the flat rate, with no added service fees or tax.I got exactly what I came for in a timely manner with no surprises.  That's worth at least 4 stars.
5	I went here for my shattered iPhone screen that I needed fixed ASAP. I came here once before and they did ok but the new owner went above and beyond to get my screen fixed in less than an hour and was very accommodating. If something happens to my phone again, I would definitely come back.
1	I am so frustrated with Vegas Cellular right now !  I called to ask how much it would be to replace the cracked glass on my Samsung Galaxy S4 and they said it was $80.  I asked him if he could do any better and he said just come in and talk to me.  I explained that I am coming from Henderson and if I was going to come in I needed to know the best price over the phone.  He agreed on $70, so I packed up my two young kids and we drove across town to get my phone fixed.  I go in, verify that I am talking to the same guy as on the phone (I think he is the owner....name is Mansoor) and we begin talking details.  He prints out the agreement and it says $120!  I told him we agreed on $70 and he started to tell me that I had told him I had an S3 on the phone when we spoke and not an S4.  Um, NO!  I did not say I had an S3....and why does that even matter....a $50 difference!?  He stated the best he could do was $100.  If I wanted to pay $100 I would just do it through my phone's insurance plan.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  They are not trustworthy.
1	I've had 2 terrible experiences with these guys. The first one was a couple of years ago when I brought my Iphone in for a repair & they couldn't fix it & bricked my phone & tried to charge me $75 to pick it up. So I let them keep the bricked phone. Second time was last week. My husband brought my phone in for the front glass replacement, not remembering the last visit. They up charged him, twice & now my LED & camera don't work on my phone. They didn't give him a receipt & he paid cash. So now I'm SOL & have to pay even more to get my phone to work fully. So far they've gotten a phone & $130 from us... BEWARE!!!
5	I came in to get my cracked ipad 3 fixed. He charged me $100. I dropped it off before they closed & it was ready the next day. Excellent service!!!!
5	Excellent repair completed on my IPad 2. It was water damaged. I was told that they would do everything possible to get it to work. Well... They got it working again. Job well done!!! I'm so happy with the repair. Owner is a very nice man. The prices he quoted were fair and reasonable. I highly recommend them!! Also replaced glass on my 4s!! Another fair price and great work! My daughter just dropped her iPad 2 and the screen cracked!!! I'm taking it in tomorrow for repair. I would not go anywhere else for my devices.
4	I cracked my phone screen so a friend recommended this place. Edgar was super nice and my phone was fixed in 30 mins. I drove down the road and got some Yogurtland ! He also put a tempered glass screen on my iphone5 for me. Only $150 total repairs and screen. Very impressed
1	Really bad customer service, they are always telling you different prices and giving you different quotes. Depending on the person whom you are speaking to, they will determine a different problem that needs fixing. I took my laptop here, and after a day or two, they claimed to have "fixed" it. After working for a few hours, it wouldn't even turn on anymore! By the way, it had no problem turning on when I gave it to them.Pretty sure they performed a temporary fix just so they could get paid. They ended up charging me more than they said they would and returned it to me with more problems than when I originally gave it to them.
5	I highly recommend this place. I think I've dropped or broken my iPhone 4s about 5 times now and always take it here to get it fixed. Prices are reasonable and the time of completion is quick. Usually have my phone back in 30 minutes to an hour. Instead of buying a new phone or waiting for your insurance to cover it, seriously check this place out. Tell them Will sent you, I could use the discounts for when I break it the next time. lol
1	STAY AWAY!!! I brought my computer last week, they held it for 3 days, deleted the files that I specifically told them not to and they never actually fixed the computer. they then charged me $40 for a diagnostic that was suppose to be free. Take your electronics somewhere else, these people are scam artists.
1	Horrible horrible horrible. Stay away !!!! I been doing to that store for couple years now and every time i come back the service gets worse and worse. This time they charged me full price to fix my iPhone 5 and when u got back home it didn't work. I took it back and guess what ?? They are saying they worry cover it because i should have told them that before I left the store.  Bad customer service. No wonder this place is dead and nobody goes there!!
