2	I went here once when I first moved to Pittsburgh. My shirts came back poorly pressed and some had broken buttons. I was disappointed.
2	I am not a fan of this place.  They are certainly convenient for Shadyside, and I don't think their prices are out of control.  But they do have quality issues with alterations.I didn't have any problems with the dry cleaning, but brought some pants in to get hemmed.  First time I went back to pick them up, they told me they were out to be pressed.  Not sure why it should be sent OUT to be pressed, especially since I had come a few days later than indicated on my ticket, but OK.  Second time I come back to pick up the pants, the pins were still in the fabric - NOTHING had been done to them.  So not only were they not done, someone clearly LIED to me about where they were the first time around.  Finally got them on the third try, and I insisted on a discount.  But when I brought them home, I looked at the hem job and it was low quality.  They just flipped the fabric up and sewed along the hem, rather than tucking the cut edge under and THEN hemming.  I expected better, given the price.
3	I have used then for three years and found their work fine and their staff polite and even friendly. Repairs are slow but you are pre-warned
3	2.5 rounding up. While I'm not too thrilled with the customer service, I am content with the dry cleaning. JB & I dropped off two of his suits, two dress shirts, and our 1250 thread count Egyptian Cotton comforter on a Wednesday. We got a call on Saturday morning saying that our items were ready for pick up and my debit card was found in the pocket of one of his suits. (Side note: I noticed that I misplaced it 4 days prior) I went to pick up the items and the clerk acted surprised when I gave her 2 tickets and checked our order then told me that the dress shirts weren't ready, they were waiting for the next shipment that would probably arrive in 45 minutes. I told her that I'd like to pay for and pick up what was ready then made a joke about how it figures with my luck, the same day I get a call about my ATM card I get my new one in the mail. "You didn't get a call about your card?" She asked. "Yes, today" I replied. "Yeah, that was me that called, but its been here for 2 days. I can't believe no one else called". Because i noticed it right away and ordered a new one as soon as i possibly could, it wouldn't have mattered to me if they called sooner but if someone didn't take the proactive measures i did, those 2 days it took them to call and notify would have made a huge difference. The clerk proceeded to bring out the suits and cash me out when I asked her if the comforter was coming with the shirts, she then put on her surprised look again and thanked me for reminding her. She rummaged through some things and finally found my comforter and I was on my way. I'm picking up the shirts tomorrow, hopefully it wont be such an ordeal.
1	I went here once to get my pants hemmed and got yelled at for not purchasing proper pants in the first place. I was too startled to respond but have since thought of many  witty replies. Oh well.
1	Please do not give them business. Owen's has the worst customer service and quality of service. You are better off going to another nearby dry cleaner. First, they messed up one of our pants badly. I understand that dry cleaners cannot always clean clothes the way you want, but I have never taken clothing to a dry cleaner and have it come out WORSE than before. When I say they messed up one of our pants, they destroyed it. I went back to let them know and they didn't even say sorry or anything like that. Rather, they were extremely rude and defensive. Did I mention, that they messed up my pant!! .....and still had the audacity to be rude. Amazing.  I tried to politely (even though they messed up my pant) ask them about their dry cleaning process to find out why/how my pants came out worse and they were still rude. For your own sake and peace of mind, do not give them business. Not only are they of poor quality, but they don't deserve your business from a customer service stand point. I would hate to know that my dollars are going to a low quality and disrespectful business. And they are not even cheap....at all.
1	Do not use this cleaner.  Quality is poor. They ruined three shirts of mine, tore two of them and shrunk another down. Refused to replace them or compensate me for the loss. They do not stand by their mistakes.
1	Have been waiting for +10 business shirts and suits for over 2 weeks. The manager is uncertain whether my clothes will be ready in another week or two. The last batch of dry cleaning came back pressed with wrinkles. Had to send it back. Customer service is poor. I would strongly recommend you not use Owen's Dry Cleaners.
1	This place is terrible.  Customer service is sub-par.  I took 10 shirts in on a saturday.  They were supposed to be ready on the following thursday, 5 days later.  I went to pick them up on monday, NINE days later and they still weren't done.  This is not the first time this has happened.  I have a card to have 5 shirts laundered for free and i'm throwing it away.
