4	This is their second location . Located in what was formerly a Boston Market, I truly must say this is one of my favorite family Mexican restaurants. I have not had the opportunity to try out many items on the menu but by far it has my favorite Chile Relleno's in the Valley. Side items are generous if not a bit costly (though I love Chipolte and guacamole is $1.50 vs $2.50 here). Decor is a bit dated but otherwise I definitely recommend it.
4	Great place for fast Mexican food that won't kill you (Filibertos?)Happy Hour prices are good for margaritas, but I'm convinced they make them smaller...Don't get the chicken though.  It has some weird creamy sauce that tastes like soup.
5	My parents take me here when I come to visit, quality has been consistently good and food is the same as the location on Main that just closed. You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. My parents go there so often they know everyone there and the chips & salsa keep flowing. I order 2 soft beef taco combo, the meat is ground, although i think you can order shredded. Food is Tex-Mex, not to be confused or compared to authentic Mexican.
4	Located in another unassuming strip mall in Mesa, there's Matta's. It's relatively easy to spot. When you walk in you order at the counter and you're then escorted by a hostess to a free table. You get your own drink and they bring you chips and salsa. I ordered the special shredded beef taco plate (forgot the name) but the shell is deep fried and very good. It was near perfection, the beef was fantastic and moist and the rice and beans were great. The place was packed on a Friday night. Fifteen minutes after we arrived there was a line of 10 people waiting for tables. It appears to get busy but they bring the food out so fast, you more than likely don't have to wait very long for a seat. The salsa is also great and just the right amount of spicy which is so important. My date got the ground beef tacos and while it was good it's no shredded beef. I wouldn't recommend it, that's something that can easily be made at home. Shredded beef is always where it's at.
3	This is the only remaining outpost of the once proud Matta's on Main street in Mesa.  The old Matta's closed out in 2007 due to the oldest Grandson wanting to go out on his own.  They were scheduled to open a Matta's in the Mesa Riverview complex but haven't seen that materialize yet.This one on Higley has some of the same things from the original (salsa, cheese crisps, standard tex-mex fare).  It's really a counter service location with tables.  It has a drive through as well.I'm not going out on a limb saying that this is good but not great Mexican especially for the prices.  A single taco - $3.75.  Single Enchilada - $3.75.  For those prices, you would expect much better than you actually get.   And you don't get any service to boot.  Clean up after yourself amigo.So, they get a OK rating from me give that it is counter service and expensive.  I miss the old Matta's.  2-star.
1	The staff is the kind of staff that wouldnt be hired at a 24 hour Dennys. The place is a dive, it needs a remodel. The happy hour prices are what brought us in. (Margarita's) but once you are in you are shoved to a cash register where you have to keep going up to buy your drinks. The staff gives dirty looks and its the kind of place you think, I wonder what goes on in the back. We didnt dare eat appetizers like we normally do and we watched closely as they made our drinks.Bummer, its close to home and we were excited about it.Its too bad.....
2	This is the place we go for the perfectly average and uninspired "Mexican" food that was introduced to us by our parents.  For whatever reason this place is an institution to residents of Mesa.  Nevertheless it occasionally hits the spot when we are looking for Mexican comfort food.
4	Nice old ladies "if your into that sort of thing "J/K!My friends who have lived in mesa for  much longer have been going to Matt's for years. Well bummer when matta's closed and we patiently waited for the new one to open.Looked at the reviews on here and others complained.. well not this yelper!We walked in, the building is nice but really has a fresh paint look going on rather than an authentic or rustic look. The mission style is well done but it simply needs the walls a bit more filled up or some paint work to make it look more the part.The service I thought was prompt, the salsa was fine and when the food came it was nice and hot. I ordered the chicken chimichanga and it was tasty.The lady who sat us and the server were very warm and friendly, my friends mentioned they had seen one of them since a child.. either she really likes the place or she is in the family!4 stars.. with some decor and not a strip mall feel it might get a fifth. -shawn
3	Great ambiance but food was pricey and just kind of average.
3	Food is good, but the menu is not correct.  I ordered the 4 mini burros which state it comes in the four different varieties. The cashier informed me I can only get two types and upon arrival at my table they were mini chimichangas instead of burros.  Food is good just disappointed in the deception of what the menu says.
2	Just like everything else, prices go up, quality goes down.  This place is definately not the Matta's I grew up with.
4	Good solid Mexican food. Good service, okay prices and always tasty. I get the nachos or one of the combo plates. My buddy always gets the chicken burro w/ sauce on top. Awesome salsa.
5	I heart you mattas!
4	Love the potato tacos, they don't come with the sauce they came with at the original Matta's on Main St but it's better than loosing them all together. Salsa is good and food is good. I miss the Main Street location but this place is great for take out.
2	Basically another Filaberto's type with lower quality foods, smaller portions & a lot higher prices
1	We just moved to Mesa and were happy to hear about this place. We love Mexican food.  We were looking forward to a green chile burro enchilada style.  The meat in the burrito tasted like canned meat and was gravy like.  The rice and beans tasted like canned food too.  Not authentic at all.  We did not finish our food but ate a lot of chips and salsa which weren't bad.  Finished our drinks and left.   I am not sure why everyone raves about this place..... They must not know good mexican food.  We won't be back.
4	A Mesa favorite.  It's the old go to for us.
2	Well not impressed.  The only good thing was the chips and salsa and my Dr. Pepper which was self serve.  Had the carne-asada burrito.  It was dried up beef with guacamole that lacked flavor.  I ask for the pico on the side and they brought me another bowl of salsa (great).  Well the cheese crisp was good, but fell apart as we were eating it.  The wife like her Chicken Burrito with green sauce, but in my opinion it was the stewed chicken place in a tortilla and the smothered with sauce and cheese then put under the broiler... All this for $22, well, last and only time...  OH...  The service and employees were great...
5	I'm not sure why I have lived in Phoenix for 9 years and have never eaten here before!  My friend has been going here for years and said we need to go for lunch. When you walk in, you order at the counter and then they bring it out to your table. I have seen some complain about that but I'm not sure why. I had an enchilada with green sauce and a soft rolled taco, rice and beans. The beans taste like REAL beans and not canned. The rice was good and the green sauce...wow!!  I only wish I found this place years ago!
2	Went there the other nite for dinner because we frequent the Matta's on Dobson. I thought it would be the same, however, it just wasnt the same experience!! I will not go back to this one again in the future. The menu is hugely shown when you walk into the restaurant, however, by the time i got up to the counter to order, I'd forgotten what it was I wanted. and with the line forming quickly behind-I felt horribly rushed and uncomfortable. It just doesn't seem to be a very easy system for ordering. Also, by the time I was done ordering for 3 simple items from the menu with drinks, it was over 35 dollars( and this was without the tip)The lady at the counter was extremely friendly and helpful!!! That I appreciated! The restaurant was very clean. It was busy, however, I just don't feel I got what I should have for the price. I will continue to go to the Matta's on Dobson. :)
2	Nastiest food I have ever had.
2	This place is for people who are looking for 'mexican food' with a white trash spin on it...it's good if you like that kind of thing. I'd way rather go to any old Roberto's. Their Chips and Salsa is the only thing they have going for them.
5	Of course it goes without saying that I miss the old Matta's on Main Street. Grew up going there as a kid and even lived next door to the original owners. The food here brings back those memories. It's great food and the service is spot on. Great place for a grab and go or dine in.
4	If you were lucky enough to grow up in Mesa Arizona, then you probably love Matta's. One of the saddest days of my life was when I heard they were closing on Main Street. I was excited when they decided to open a couple of other locations. The food is still the same taste we've all grown up on... but I miss the "restaurant" experience. This new location feels more like a fast food with the walk-up-to-the-counter and order first vibe. Best salsa in the universe!
1	Ordered the Sampler with mini-burros and flautas for $9.45. It was, by far, the worst Mexican food I've ever eaten. The flautas were about the diameter of pencils and way over-cooked, and the burros were just four fried balls of dough one with very dry beef, the second with a tiny amount of beans, the third with cheese and a single slice of chili, and the fourth with chicken. No sauce - just the little fried balls of dough. When I asked for some sour cream, I was told that would be another $1.12.. I suggest Taco Bell over this sad excuse for a Mexican restaurant.
5	This is my family's favorite Mexican restaurant. I always order the bean and cheese burrito, enchilada style with red sauce. Both their red and green enchilada sauces are awesome. Their chips and salsa are my favorite as well. The chips are typically very fresh and come out warm and the salsa is unbeatable.The restaurant is well lit as well as acceptably clean. The staff is generally attentive to your needs as well. Other members of my family order the chili relleno combo and their "Robert's tacos" combo. The food always comes out in a timely manner as well. For those like me that care, they do have a drive through and carry Pepsi products. Overall it's a great restaurant with a rich Arizona history! 5/5
5	I defy you to eat the following items and tell me this isn't really tasty Mexican food.1.  Start with the hot and also the chunky salsa. Mix 50/50. Eat almost all of the salsa with a couple of bowls of chips. Save some to put on entree. 2.  sandy's special with beans and rice. 3.  1 Roberts taco on the side. Roberts tacos are better than the regular taco cuz they're made with shredded roast beef. Granted, I could be biased having grown up eating this practically my whole life. Still, if you don't love this, you may have a serious medical condition...might wanna see a doctor...Did I mention I love the beans and rice?Oh, and the chili relleno. Their flour tortillas are really good so include cheese crisps and burritos.
3	It is a far cry from the original mattas.  I think the food is mostly average.  Loaded with salt. Very overpriced for a non sit down restaurant. But still okay if you just have to have something local.
4	This is my "cost and splurge" place. I go when I have 12.00 bucks to spare for lunch and when I want to eat "whatever I want day." I have been a fan of Mattas for years. I would go weekly. I have my favorites (ala carte Roberts ground beef taco and bean tostada) or an order of mini chili cheese burros. I love Mattas! However, sometimes it takes a bit to get an employee to fill your chip bowl. I love the chips almost more than the meal, so its frustrating to try to get their attention. Like I said, this is a splurge for me, so two small bowls of chips isn't ridiculous. (at one point I boycotted them for months because when I asked for more chips, the gal took a bowl from the tray of chips and sprinkled a few extra chips into my bowl. Gee, thanks for watching my diet. I paid 9 bucks for this food-(and 3 dollar tip) at least give me a full bowl! Quit being the chip police. It costs you pennies!!)Lately I have been happy with therr crew and I don't go as much as I would like. Is it traditional mexican? Probably not, but the hot salsa is heaven in my mouth. Love this place. One word of advice- my husband has never been much of a fan and I figured out why. I always go at lunch and he comes with me at night. Lunch is way better- and I am not sure why. I also realized that my lunch orders were a lot better,
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Mesa. The food is delicious, the chips just keep coining, the environment is great, and the prices are good!I love their burritos and chimichangas. The salads are good, too!
1	We had stopped going to this location a couple years ago. One day we took my 89 year old grandma for lunch and asked her to sit at a table while we went and ordered (she has a hard time standing for long periods of time). A member of the staff told her she was not allowed to sit until we had ordered. It was not particularly busy and there was plenty of available seating but they insisted she could not sit until we ordered. So we left and decided there were better places to go. Fast forward to today, we decided to give it another chance. Again, my now 92 year old grandma was with us and wanted to order something off the children's menu because she wasn't particularly hungry. After receiving our food a member of the staff came over and told us kids meals were absolutely for kids only and we were not allowed to order them for anyone except for a child. Seriously!? You went out of your way to make a point to tell us not to order from your kids menu next time? You have to be kidding me. Well you are in luck because I will not be ordering from any menu here again. To be honest the food is average at best. I like chicken tacos and the chicken tacos here are weird...the chicken meat is covered in some kind of gravy. Not very appealing and pretty salty. Chips and salsa are ok but not worth the rude service. There are plenty of other Mexican restaurants with better food and better service.
