5	I've been to NIC multiple times, but this time was definitely a learning experience. I came here to get an ultrasound done and John (the tech was very accommodating). Most of the time a thyroid ultrasound takes about 15 minutes, but this one took about 30 minutes. He showed me where my windpipe was, my thyroid, the carotid artery, etc and just gave me a basic lesson on the anatomy of my throat. I was very fascinated, because anatomy is my type of thing! I learned a lot that day and it was just all basic anatomy. The facilities are nice and clean and you just feel comfortable. If I have to be back, I will definitely come back here.
1	This facility is staffed with incompetent employees. After being scheduled for the 1st appointment of the morning, I still waited 40 minutes in the waiting room before a technician called my name. I had to cancel my appointment because their tardiness ran into my work time. On top of this, the front desk staff was happy to lull around and even mentioned that the other 8 am appointment for that same day had also canceled.
2	Terrible terrible terrible. After they lost my paper work, I had to wait 2 and half hours after my scheduled appointment to be seen. No one apologized and the receptionist was down right nasty. The tech who did my MRI was awesome and friendly and is the only reason they get 2 stars. Go to a different location!
1	Others reviews are ON POINT. Made an appt for 4 o'clock. Was told to go in 15 mins early to do paperwork. At 5 o'clock I was still waiting. So I finally went up to complain about the wait time and THEN they took me in right away. Really? People can't get service without being loud and rude and complaining?If they can't handle their workload then don't schedule so many patients. It's not rocket science.
5	After falling off her bike, I needed to get my daughter X-rays to make sure she didn't break any bones. This happened right around 5 pm when Nevada Imaging was getting ready to close but they were able to add her on last minute. It was hard for my daughter to turn her arm & elbow certain ways to get the correct images, but the X-ray tech was patient and made her feel more comfortable during the whole session.  Nevada Imaging was able to put all the images on a CD that we were able to take to the orthopedic doctor the following day.  Thank God, otherwise we would have to go to the ER, face a long wait and pay more $$.
1	Horrible. This place is terribly unprofessional. They billed me multiple times after a scan I had done, for a payment I submitted months ago. I had written them a check: They cashed it, kept my money, and then proceeded to continue billing me for it! I even sent them a "proof of payment" from my bank, proving they cashed it, and still they kept billing. I called them multiple times over several months about this issue, to no avail. And the best part? No one ever even apologized or followed up with me. They really could care less. Stay away!!
1	This place is a total joke. If I could give it 0 stars I would have. I've been here twice now and both times they were running so behind they asked me if I wanted to come back! This last appointment I was the first appointment at 8am and they asked me if I I wanted to come back because the tech was running late. They have no respect for others time! I will drive across town to avoid this place next time!!
