5	This is an excellent place for quick Mexican food.  The staff is super friendly, they will let you try food first if you ask what something is.We ordered Carne Asada Tacos, Carnitas Tacos, and Chicken Tacos.  The Carne Asada tacos were excellent.  They are grilled and have a nice flame grilled taste.The seafood "Coctel" was awesome - I wish I would have ordered a double!My 2 year old ate a whole plate of rice and beans.  Their beans are simple and delicious.My wife had us go back the next day for their Strawberry Horchata!Price is definitely fair - the tacos are BIG.  We went their for the first time on Monday and have been back 2x's since.We eat Mexican food regularly, and this is a MUST.
3	I stopped in for lunch and the place was filled with white, car-salesman-looking guys. That should tell you something right there. The food itself isn't that bad (at least some of it), but it's pricey. $3.00 for a taco. If you want sour cream or guacamole that's going to cost you extra. I ordered one carne asada taco, one al pastor taco, a cheese quesadilla, and a pineapple fruit drink. I tend to like my food on the mild side, so when I think something is bland, that means it's totally devoid of flavor. That was the case with their carne asada. It was hardly seasoned, if at all. The al pastor was much better. Tender pieces of pork with a little bit of a kick to them. Both tacos were large and overflowing w/ meat, onions and cilantro. Definitely enough to fill an average person up.For the quesadilla you have the option of either a corn tortilla or flour tortilla. I went with the flour and the outside of it was perfectly crispy and flaky.The pineapple drink was delicious as well.It was $11.46 for the lunch, which seems incredibly expensive considering I could eat across the street at Los Parados for cheaper and get better food. On the bright side, Los Tacos is very clean and has a drive thru.
2	I like to consider myself kind of a big deal in the taco community.  Well if big deal status is conferred on those who spend half of their disposable income on a particular product.  Having established my credentials as such, I have to say I was highly disappointed by Los Tacos.  The visit started so well.  The staff was friendly and I love being able to see them make the food right in front of you.  From there it started to slide.I saw on the board they had tacos, burritos etc...standard taco shop fare.  Then next to it they have their different type of meats.  I saw tacos were $3.00 so I assumed that covered any type of meat so I ordered two with a soda.  The gal asked if I wanted everything on them and I said sure and then she said that'll be $11.64.  I did a double take on a scale that hasnt been seen since Cousin Larry on the 1980's show "Perfect Strangers."  I asked how it could be that much if tacos were $3.00 and she replied if you get them with everything it becomes close to $5.00.  I downgraded my order to one thinking this must be a pretty big taco for $5.00.  Well the taco came and needless to say I haven't been this disappointed in size since Pam Anderson had her latest surgery.  I couldnt believe the size to cost, and the additional surcharge for the privilege of guacamole, sour cream and cheese.  The overall taco (I got the al pastor marinated pork) tasted just ok, but certainly it was nothing to write home about.  There is so much taco greatness in the world, it'll be hard to get me to come back here.  I mean I will eventually because I always feel a place is worth a second shot and it wasnt terrible, just disappointing (isn't that what my dad said to me when he was made at me as a kid?).Back onto my business class seat on the taco train....
3	Los Tacos was very much worth the price I paid for tacos.  The quality of meat, salsa, pico, and guac was excellent ! However the burritos weren't as good as I had expected, the beans are mediocre and the size is reasonable. But I suppose thats why its called Los Tacos, not Los Burritos :b I highly recommend the Lengua Tacos con TODO!! (minus the sour cream)
5	This is going to sound like hyperbole, but out of all of my dining in Vegas during the past week's trip, Los Tacos is right up there with happiest memories. So delicious. So simple. So fresh. I had the Taco Cabeza (beef head, fellow gringos), Mrs. H. had Carnitas Burrito (she was not going to be talked into the tongue), both were awesome. The shared shrimp cocktail deserves special mention, bathed in juicy tomato salsa, avocado, red onion, lime and cilantro. I had zero problem with the price, factoring in the quality, freshness, and quantity. If I were looking for a taco under a buck, I'd just go to Taco Bell. Staff was friendly, helpful, and yes, English was provided. Los Tacos, you're not exactly near the airport, but next time I'm in town you're very likely my first stop off the plane!
4	think i may have found one of the best mexican joints in viva las vegas. thanks to a friend, this evening i was introduced to a delicious veggie burrito! =) first impression?:clean, BUSY!, flippin cheap, simple, and aroma that will make your stomach growl as soon as that front door meets your hand. my hearty burrito was only $3.25ish... and freaking DE-lish! last impression?:full, satisfied, and thinking about my next visit. guess what? there's a drive-thru! =)
5	This is my favorite new place for Tacos. I'd read a positive review about it in a local publication, but then a friend of mine mentioned it - so I figured I'd give it a shot. I ordered the Carne Asada Taco. I dont know what I was expecting, but this is unlike any other taco I've ever had. It's huge. Initially, I wasn't sure about beans on my taco, but I thought I would try it the way they make it and then decide. Suprisingly, I like the beans.  And the Carne Asada? Most delicious I've ever had. Ever. I found myself tempted to drive back for dinner later that day, if it wasn't so far I may have actually done it.I've been back two or three times since, each time just as good. On my second trip, I tried the Quesadilla Harina con Carne Asada, which was also very good. Reminds me a lot of these Quesa Tacos I had from a street stand in Mexico.
4	OMG...reviews won't do this place justice...you just have to try and experience this place.The location on Sahara was formerly a Taco Bell (very obvious architectural structure) but inside was gutted and very open and friendly....AND BUSY! This was the lunch crowd and many business/office folk have also discovered this place. The staff works feverishly to get the order out in a timely matter, and the wait is minimal.  The menu is typical Mexican cuisine, but the portions are huge.  The Carne Asada Taco has an incredible flavor...one that I have never tasted before and the shrimp cocktail in a beer mug was sweet, spicy and flavorful.Their fruit waters (strawberry, cantaloupe, mango and pineapple), are also the perfect touch to this menu (although I could have enjoyed a good sangrais or mojito!).If you are looking for a quick grab and go that will leave you full, this is a place you need to check out!
5	This place has really set the bar for good mexican food... I get a tear in my eye when i think about their quesadillas... They fry the tortilla!! The green sauce is awesome as well!! When ever i go out of town, i try to find a mexican restaurant like los tacos. VIVA LOS TACOS!!
5	What can I say that has not already been stated?  This place serves up some of the freshest Mexican food in Las Vegas.  When I say fresh, I mean crisp lettuce, firm avacodo's, ripe tomatoes, perfectly cooked meats...and the list goes on.The portions out of this joint are the things that make Weight Watchers cringe.  For what you pay, you get an ass-load of food.  One Carne Asada Taco is about a pound of beef, before all the other items.I don't eat here often, but when I do I am usually very hungry and I got a real craving for some authentic, fresh Mexican food.  on Apetit!
4	My standard order: carnitas tacos don't forget the sour cream, guac, cheese upgrade ($1.50, a must).  The shrimp, octopus, oyster cocktail with chips. SO YUMMY. SO FRESH.My husband likes the al pastor tacos, with upgrade of course.My cousin likes the burrito with rice (complimentary) plus the upgrade of course ($)The Sahara location is their second location. I prefer the first location's carne asada it is top notch. This location's carne asada is missing the special spark. That's why I stick with carnitas at the Sahara location.Tip: this place is like In n Out, when the lines long, you are probably better of going through drive thru!
5	Seriously, this is one of the best taco places in town. I can go on and on about all the reasons it's so good, but you're probably hungry so I'll skip to the chase: the carne asada is amazing. Whether it's in taco or burrito form, the meat is awesome. I don't know how they do it, but it's the best. You should know that you're going to pay more for tacos here than you might at Pepe's or Tacos Mexico or a place like that. But it's so worth it! I believe I paid something like $10 last time I went there (burrito, chips, drink), whereas I usually pay more like $6 at Pepe's for a similar meal... but the extra $4 is so worth it!You should stop reading this review right now and be on your way to get some tacos there. Take me with you.
5	UPDATE! In a very unsurprising move, I just dove in here for a quick bite earlier. You know what? It's still flippin good!That is all.
4	The Jr. Beef Tongue ~ Lengua Burrito is so good especially when you order it with everything which consist of sour cream, guacamole, cheese.. just remember it cost extra $1.50, but so worth it. Also pair it with a Agua Fresca and your set.
5	This place has the best tacos I have ever had. Get the carne asada with everything you will not be disappointed. Be prepared to spend some money though. Tacos with everything are around $7 well worth it!
5	OUTSTANDING!!! This place has the MOST delicious food. The carne asada tacos with everything (cheese, sour cream, and guacamole) are phenomenal! The ingredients are so fresh, the meat has a nice grilled smokiness to it, and the green chile sauce (always served on the side) tops it all off perfectly! The staff is very friendly and the place is always clean (at least the one in Sahara is).
5	Great tacos and well worth the cost.  We come to Vegas twice a year and always stop here.  I highly recommend the carnitas with all the extras. Sooo delicious!!!
5	Love love love!!! Shrimp tostada, fish tostada, shrimp tacos, shrimp cocktail...amazing. The watermelon juice is also incredible. The freshest ingredients and great service, also very clean. Los Tacos is a gem!
5	Fantastic food at a great price. Carne asada taco with everything on it.. you will not be disappointed
5	Cheap and Yummie!  I go the carnitas and it was almost as good as Border Grille's. Close 2nd!It's fast and inexpensive.
4	Came here after a good game of golf (actually it wasn't so good for me, but that's another story):Pros:  * Really clean interior / dining area  * Incredibly tasty Shrimp Tostadas  * they have Agua de Frescas!  * clean restrooms (one person at a time)Cons:  * The Agua de Fresca wasn't too refreshing.  * Salsa was mediocre  Tips:  * If you are looking for silverware (or in this case it would be plasticware), it's to the back of the restaurant (assuming you are at the cashier's and facing the cashier register)  *  The bathroom has a padlock, but they always leave it unlockedI'm big on tacos and I must say, I'm a fan of Los Tacos.  They have some really good Tostadas and they have a pretty good selection of meet, including some of my favs:  Lengua (Tongue) and Cabeza ( Beef's Head).Aside from Tostadas and the typical burritos/tacos, they also have Tortas.  The portions are pretty good and the price isn't the greatest, but it is far from being an expensive eat.  The tacos are overstuffed and looked amazing (my cousin ordered one).  The burritos were long and thinner than say a burrito at Roberto's, but the taste packed a punch for sure!  They have green salsa at every table (except the one I sat at.. ha, I had to snatch one off of a vacant table by mine), but it's far from being spicy.  Thank god my burrito came with a few chiles.  For a typical taco joint, I must say they take more time to assure they have a nice little presentation.  Sure the burrito was wrapped in foil, but next to it in the plastic basket lined with white paper was a small edible garnishment constructed of a few crunchy tortilla chips and a house salsa concoction.  The salsa itself had a weird taste, but nonetheless, I thought it was nice to see Los Tacos takes time to up the ante when it comes to presentation.  The Agua de Fresca here was not up to par in my opinion.  I'm a big fan of Melon (cantelope), which they had; but it was way too think.  I'll stick to Cardena's for my Melon fix.  Overall, they place was pretty good and I could definitely see myself coming again.  I came hungry and left full and satisfied.  Misison accomplished!
4	Went to Los Tacos with my eCommerce/Interactive Marketing team.  I always have higher standards for taqueria joints because of my fiance.(Mexican family = FANTASTIC Mexican food)Although I am partial to the tacos that his abuela and mama makes, I do have to admit that these were some pretty good darn tacos.  I could taste the guacamole and the crema.  Mmmm mmm mmm!  The carne asada had a very good grill/char flavor and the Al Pastor?  Oh man!  Delish!  Did I mention that although the tacos start off at $3.00 (not including guac, crema or cheese)- the tacos are HUGE.A bottle of their green sauce (verde) is at every table.  Napkin holders at every table as well.  Why?  Because these tacos are so huge, you'll have to just grab a hold of them and dive right in.  Wipe your fingers and lips later!  Grab a fork to get the remnants that drop to the bottom of your little tray.Everyone I went with had the chicken tacos.  I'll have to try that next time and bring the fiance down.
5	Not your run of the mill mexican joint. In the surrounding area, there must be at least 20 craptastic, dirty, and downright disgusting mexican joints. This one DOES NOT fit in that category. Don't be turned off by the location (high Hispanic population) - this place is GOOD. The inside is actually CLEAN and the food is outstanding. Try a carnitas quesadilla...or for the seafood lover have the Cocteles (cocktail). DELICIOUS!!
5	Fresh and tasty!!!
5	When you arrive in Vegas, this should be your first meal. It's hard to find the once famous Vegas deal of $2.99 all-you-can eat buffet. Inexpensive stuff your face deals have been replaced by trendy restaurants "run" by chef's with TV shows. So now, the best deal in Vegas is Los Tacos. The best Mexican food you can find served by friendly staff at a great price.On second thought, this should be the last place you eat before you leave Vegas. Make sure you save $5 for a couple of great tacos!
5	Short on atmosphere but big on the tacos. Service was friendly and fast. I live cross town and have no qualms about driving 30 minutes for good bite. Start with the carne asada taco. I've been told that's what they're known for.
5	My absolute favorite place to fufill my taco cravings. My personal favorite is their vegetarian tacos (minus sour cream, extra red hot sauce, add jalepenos). I'm not a big meat eater but their carne asada is delicious and moist. They offer plenty of agua fresca flavors  which pairs well with their food. Service is always friendly and efficient. As expected, it can get crowded during lunch hours but I think it's worth it. Unfortunately, all their locations are in the north end of the valley. The complete opposite of where I live. Ugh. But maybe that's a good thing or else I would weigh 20 pounds more.
4	Good grub, cheap prices, mom and pop feel.  Not far from the Strip on Sahara.  I was at the Rio, so maybe a 5 minute drive away?  Loaded carne asado taco for $3.  I really enjoyed the cheese quesadilla (and the chef even added free carnitas pork for me).  Very friendly establishment.  Will visit every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Came here on our way back to Pasadena after a nice snowboarding trip in Utah, looked like a nice place to pick up some mexican food. Everything was fresh and right off the grill, the restaurant was clean and the employees were very nice, I had a carne asada burrito it was very good, the meat was juicy and the salsa was good, my sister had the chicken tacos and they were giant, like a mini burrito.Everyone enjoyed their food and we will be coming back next time we are in Vegas!
4	Don't just drive past this place! Yes, it looks like your average fast-food-joint-converted-into-Mexican-taco-stand. From the outside.Go in and you are first greeted by the staff who smile and say hi as they bustle through their food prep (they're also filling drive-thru orders). And you look around--the place has charm. They've put in their own furniture--kind of modified benches/tables that feel like a comfier upgraded fast food set-up. There's some decor, the place has a feel, maybe even some plants. Your senses tell you this is NOT just a taco joint or fast food.  And take a look into the kitchen, which is all open for you to check out. It's shiny, clean and fresh-looking. You're excited about what will come out of there.I had told my friends that, according to Yelp, the tacos were huge. The guy behind the counter was fixing one up. He saw us staring and held it up for us. He saw the awe in our faces. He smiled and said, 'Half pound of meat." We got a variety of tacos in our party  (each of us only needed one). It comes half wrapped in paper like an In&Out burger, and it's good that it does. It's thick and full of juicy stuff piling out the back. I chose the carne asada--pretty awesome. My friends liked the agua frescas, too.I wish I had a taco joint like this near where I live. I'd make it my regular go-to. The food is lightning fast, but I'd even be tempted to hang out a little.
5	Hands down THEE BEST CARNAE ASADA TORTA in town... That should be enough for you to run to LOS TACOS.
4	This is my second time eating here and was as happy as the first.  Friendly staff, very clean, great food.  I like the carne asada taco.  I only ordered one with some chips that we shared. The first time I had ordered two tacos (carne asada and lengua) and it was a bit much.  My husband likes the lengua taco, he had two.  We love the green sauce on the table.   Reasonably priced, generous portions, delicious food.  I'm excited to try something else on the menu next time.
4	finally, someone gets it. pinto's in the burrito, end of review. jk. this place is tight because they know what they're doing. all of their ingredients are top notch (i think they can afford to keep it that way because they're so busy (and i think they're so busy because the food is the so friggen' good (and i think the food is so friggen' good because all of their ingredients are top notch))). i've had all kinds of good food here, including burritos, tacos, nachos and quesadillas with most of their different meats. today, i got a veggie burrito. this is probably a controversial opinion but i think they might be the only place in town that has their shit together burrito-wise and i'm begging you to prove me wrong. it comes wrapped in foil, tightly i might add, tasty tortilla, and they use pinto beans instead of the bs refrieds i keep being subjected to all over vegas. they don't put rice in there and usually i'm a big rice guy, especially when i go veggie but you know what? i didn't miss it. their veggie burrito contains a good ratio of beans, cheese, sour cream guacamole and pico de gallo. they hook you up with a dixie of red salsa and they have a squeeze bottle of green on all the tables, they're both awesome but i think i like the red best. chips and salsa is an extra $2 but i think it's worth it if you're going to share them with one or two people. the salsa is pico de gallo. yo, i'm going to go eat there again right now!
5	Sometimes, it's hard to write a review because you have to talk about food. Right now, I am so fucking full, that I have no choice but to write this review with a full stomach, and a happy heart.My coworker suggested this place for our Work Family Dinner, and we all obliged.From the outside, it looks like your typical hole in the wall Mexican/Taco joint, but when you walk in, you are surrounded by a clean habitat for the most bomb-ass Mexican food ever.I ordered one taco (cabeza...brain for you weaklings), and one quesadilla (chicken). Both were perfect.The taco, perfectly cooked on fresh tortillas, surrounded by onions, and guac. The quesadilla was PERFECT!! Chicken that melted off the fork, and so much flavor, it was as if the chicken was born in the sauce and spices it was cooked in.Will I come back? Hell yes. Will I feel bad about it later? Probably, but who cares. YOLO. hahaha Hint...be adventurous, and not a food wuss. Don't ask for things "healthy" or say eww just because the menu items have cabeza, buche or lengua. Man up, and be the adventurous person you claim you are. Otherwise....you are a poser. And no one wants to be a poser.
3	I did a backwards Yelp on this place: I see it while I'm driving to/from lunch at work all the time, so I looked it up here. Seemed to be a safe bet! I pulled up to the drive-through and looked at the menu. I had downloaded their menu beforehand, so I knew exactly what I wanted: one taco al pastor and an order of chips & salsa. $5 and change for my meal, which is awesome. The service was superquick.Took the food back to the office and dug in. I was unimpressed with the meat in my taco. It had a strange sweet flavor that I'd never tasted in al pastor before. However, the double tortilla and green salsa were great. The order of chips is enormous and delicious. The pico that came with the chips was eh. Definitely needed a lot more acidity and heat.All in all, I'll be going back and trying other things on the menu. Looking forward to it!
5	my all time favorite taco place.. everrrlengua lengua lenguamy first experience with los tacos was at my friend's graduation.. you can hire them to bring out a cart and grill and they make tacos for everyone!!!my favorite if you haven't noticed already is the lengua taco with everything.. you gotta make sure you add everything.. (its worth the extra 1.50)el pastor seems to be a general favorite among my friends as  well but i haven't had a chance to try it yetthe tacos are big.. i actually get full off of 1.. but i've seen people eat 2-3.. maybe 1.5 would be the perfect amount so maybe you can find a buddy and share a third one..their fruit drinks are delicious.. all of the flavorsstrawberry, watermelon, pineapple, horchata.. mmm..usually i order water when i eat but here i always buy a fruit drink.
4	As promised, the second time around:Muuuuch better! I got a carne asada taco, plus chips & salsa. I somehow ended up with everything on my taco (I was trying to avoid all the dairy, as it contributes significantly to my ass looking like a golfball), but of course, all the extras made it even more delicious. Seriously good carne asada. The salsa with the chips still leaves some spice to be desired, but that fresh tomato flavor is great!I'll be giving Los Tacos a permanent slot on my work lunch rotation :)
5	If you've never eaten here, once you do, you'll never want to eat anywhere else.  This place is golden.  I feel like it needs to be protected as my little secret, but, it also needs to be known for its superior quality and taste.  Sometimes, the wait is a little long (during lunch hour rush) but its so very worth every last succulent morsel.  I'm mostly into carnitas  and crane asada, but my hubby loves the shrimp cocktail and my co-workers tear up the tongue tacos....yes, that's right.  It's so darn good....if this place goes out of business because of our failing economy, I'll die.
2	Food was decent - sort-of. Got the good-looking el pastor quesadilla (yelp pics made it look irresistible). Unfortunately, it was SOOOO greasy! Orange grease running everywhere, and while it was cut in half, the second half was, like, too much of the same thing. Probably better to share - was just too much grease. Had a hard time getting a spot of their red hot sauce (there is no salsa bar). Girl behind the counter kept pointing to the bottle of Tapatio. I said, "No, don't you have some homemade red sauce?" She said, "Red Sauce?" and pointed again at Tapatio. Sheesh. Finally after five times, she got it. Ohhh, red sauce. Oy, it wasn't worth the fight. Roberto's is so much better.  The most annoying part was there were so many flies in the joint - was fighting them off the entire meal. Then some crazy yelling-screaming-rap tune came on, of course, insanely loud, and I was just like, ok, this is totally sucking right now. I guess other people complained 'bout the music because after a few minutes, the manager killed it.Los Tacos, done. Can cross it off the list now, doubt I'll be back. Flies...grease... ick.
5	Like someone else said, "Hands down the best carne asada tacos in town."  If we lived closer to Los Tacos, we would be in serious trouble.  But we still make the cross-town trek monthly to eat their carne asada tacos.  I order mine loaded, with everything - comes with beans, cheese, pico, and guac.  Their homemade hot sauce is killer and perhaps the best in town.  You must ask for it at the counter.  It's not too spicy, but wonderfully flavorful.  Honestly, we've eaten here about 25 times and have not strayed from our favorite, carne asada tacos.  One taco is pretty large with double corn tortilla.  Two tacos will leave you feeling full and needing a nap!  The side order of rice and beans is good as well.  You can not go wrong with this place.  A must eat for any taco lover.
4	we were looking for mexican food in our trip to vegas until we found this place.........we tried the carne asada tacos and were great, but we came back the next day and ordered a shrimp cocktail and it was THE BEST shrimp cocktail EVER.I have tried a lot of places for a good sea food cocktail but none compare to this one, all natural shrimp and octopus (optional) lots of avocado and the hand made tortilla chips were hecka good...... and dont even bother to order the small size cup, go for the large size if you really like sea food,our kids ordered the quesadilla and the torta and were excellent as well,the place is clean and prices are decent.the only reason for the 4 stars is the lack of fresh salsa bar and tortilla chips provided to costumers when waiting for the order. Almost forgot,..... they could inprove the fish ceviche tostadas........... overall the place is worth the traveling from the strip (like 10 mins) and the money......
5	Thinking about a place that serves brain and tongue literally makes me cringe. But thinking about their carne asada tacos just makes me want to eat. I had a carne asada and the al pastor. Both were great, but the carne asada kicked its ass. The tacos here are presented here really nicely! As great as the tacos are, there is always something to complain about. This place doesn't have chips and salsa!!! Major bummer. Also, this place is tricky. It's $6 for a taco!!!! The menu says $3.50 but when they ask you if you want everything on it and you say yes, its an extra $2.50 or so. I wish they would include it INTO the price of the taco so there are no surprises.Like i said, these tacos are bomb, so its worth it.
5	OMG, how have i lived here 12 years and never been to Los Tacos????Went with a friend after a day at the pool. I wanted Tacos and she wanted Shrimp Cocktail. I jumped on Yelp, TADA! Los Tacos. We arrived around 6pm, completely empty. The Staff were GREAT! They made recommendations since neither of us had been. I had carne asada and the al pastor Tacos. She had the large Cocktail and Aqua Sandia. She said it was the BEST she has ever had. I must say both tacos were great but I did like the pastor the most. The cashier was correct in saying that 2 tacos are huge. We had chips and salsa, just have to order it, $2.00. They also have salsa, pico and fab guac!I will be taking my hubby there this weekend, he loves Shrimp Cocktail.... Just wish they were open later!!!!!
5	get the carne asada tacos with everything.  yummmm!
5	Cheap place off the strip. Reminds me a lot of restaurants in the mission, food is really delicious. Definitely recommend!
1	Greasy, cheesy, and not enough salsa. $6 for a taco "con todo" (with onions and a bit of cilantro). Physically filling. But unsatisfying in every other way.
4	First of all, I refuse to give any Mexican restaurants or taquerias 5 stars when they do not make their own tortillas. I am starting to realize that many restaurants out here in Las Vegas -do not. That being said- the carne asada burrito I put down yesterday was pretty close to perfect. The steak itself was cooked perfectly and was so freakin' flavorful. I was pleasantly surprised to see whole pinto beans inside of my burrito instead of standard re fried beans. The green salsa was OK- not great. In my opinion, spending $9.24 on a burrito and a drink was a few dollars too much. I like the fact that this place offers a drive thru, and will come back to try some other menu items. Bottom line, this place is a solid choice for fast authentic Mexican food despite being a little pricey.
5	Love their food! Great chips, tacos and burritos! Watermelon juice is excellent!
5	This place is amazing! BEST chicken tacos and guacamole!
4	i didn't really expect much from this place since it seems like a chain or something. surprisingly, my cabeza burrito tasted really authentic and delicious! what i love about their burrito is that they only put meat and beans (guac, salsa & sour cream if you want everything) - no rice! so it's like a protein explosion in your mouth! haha
5	Completely blew my expectation even after seeing 4 1/2 star.The cashier was extremely friendly and welcoming.I had the lingua (Tongue) quesadilla with everything on it, which was $5+additional for the avacado (worth it). I also had the lingua torta with everything on it, which was $4.5+additional for avacado. It was the best quesadilla i've ever had, and also the best torta i've ever had. I highly recommend both of them. My friend had a taco and burrito. $3 tacos are on the pricey side, but they are filling. Burrito was around $6, it was slightly smaller than i thought it would be, but the taste was also great!
4	So hungry one evening and my gf mentioning tacos, I yelped for the nearest place for a log.  I came upon Los Tacos on the way home.  Dropped in and ordered myself a carne asada burrito with everything.  Quite an expensive log, but I guess it was quite worth it.  I watched as my log was being made.  I guess they had a new employee attempt to make it.  He may have put too much carne asada since they weighted my log before putting it into a bag for me.  Regardless, I was so hungry that it was excellent.  Meat was so tender and the hot sauce that came with it was perfect.  Overrall, it was good.  Just not the price.  $8? Dang..
4	Not exactly "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" but it's certainly a "Yay! I'm a fan."My boyfriend's co worker was the one that recommended this place so on a late, lazy afternoon we decide to go and try it out.The cashier was friendly and her customer service was amazing. We were pretty picky on what we want/didn't want on our tacos and she accomadated our order without acting like we were a bother to her. Menu was small and simple which was not a problem at all. You got your tacos, burritos, quesadillas, spanish rice, chips and salsa, nachos, and seafood plates.My boyfriend and I got 3 carne asada  tacos, a side of chips and salsa and two drinks. Our total came out to be about $17. Kinda pricey for just tacos, small basket of chips and drinks.Although the tacos were DELISH!!!! It looked like a gourmet taco with all the fixins'. You can choose to have beans, sour cream, avocados or cheese. The carne asada meat....let me tell you: the way its marinated and cooked, it reminded me of my Cali summertime BBQs at a mexican family get-together. (i know im not mexican but i've been invited to my mexican friends family get-togethers wayyy back in the days okay!?) The meat tasted fresh, there weren't any fat and it wasn't dried either. I didn't even need to put any lemon or salsa because it was packed with yummy goodness like my favorite: gucamole.We will definitely be coming back to this place.
2	Yeah, maybe I'm too spoiled. It was good and fresh, and clean, but I want even my local taquerias to have some character and some sort of ambiance, even if it's divy. The food wasn't amazing, but I'd eat here in a pinch, without a complaint. Maybe a whine, pretentious and mewling, but not a full on complaint. Yelp in LV isn't like in the bay area or the northwest. Peops are so happy to not be lambasted and bombarded by the commercialization around the strip, that anything prepared by actual people instead of employees filling a role seems amazing. My first inclination was that this was a great find - a cheap 4 star joint. Upon returning home though, I realized that this place wouldn't really work if there was anything better around. Las Vegas has cool people living there - so friendly! So earnest! -  they deserve cool spots that are local, delicious, and inspired.
5	Awesome carne asada and great carnitas too!
4	We frequent the Los Tacos on W. Sahara on our lunchbreak.  The tacos come plain and there is an extra charge for the cheese, etc.  However, the prices are still reasonable.  I bit into my chicken taco yesterday and the meat was so moist it dripped juices.  It was not grease, but chicken broth.  The pico de gallo salsa is really good too. I love going here for lunch. My co-worker said her steak taco was awesome too.  The music was a little too loud for me though.
5	Best Mexican ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome carne asada tacos and shrimp cocktail!  We hit this place every time were in town and love it, so try it out for good food at a simple place.
5	Alright, don't tell anyone but this IS the best take-out Mexican in Las Vegas. It's just a little bit more expensive but totally worth it every time.
5	The Carne Asada is King here! Hands down Number 1. Cashier is extremely friendly and helpful.
5	Los Tacos is the business!!!  Their food is amazing and they are always friendly.
4	awesome carne asada quesadilla, very flavorful.... Sour cream,guacamole, and salsa with the quesadilla makes it even better. Would come back to Los Tacos in a heart beat.
3	The carne asada burrito was decent but the chicken quesadilla was great...large portions and the price wasn't to bad either....service was great
5	Love Los Tacos. It is the best!!!  The service is always friendly. The food is cooked fresh on the grill in front of you. The green sauce is awesome.  And they have Dr. Pepper!!
3	Those of you from Southern California know what I mean when we start talking about amazing Mexican food. You can't really get that here especially from the SW Vegas. Now I have heard that north Vegas has some good Mexican food but who really wants to travel that far?Los Tacos is my to go place when I get tacos al pastor. For all al pastor fans must understand this isn't the traditional al pastor on the stick slowly roasting with the flavorings slowly dripping down. It's just the stove top grilling with small pieces of pineapples. Service is good. Now do expect a bit of a wait at the drive thru. This is not Taco Bell or Del Taco. The wait just means that my food is just that much fresher. Don't even think about going to Robert's or some other place. Just head to Los Tacos if you're in the SW.
5	Can never pass up their carne asada tacos!!! Would eat here every day... If only it was closer to my house! But, it's completely worth the drive!
5	Ummmm. Yum! The tacos are huge for 3 bucks! They are delicious! The pork was my fav! The chicken was good too but I would get the pork again with the fixings. OMG the watermelon agua frescas was to die for!! We went thru the dirve thru.
2	I got excited to try this place after seeing a 4.5 star review.  I am a sucker for good carne asada tacos so I ordered the carne asada tacos with onions, beans, and cilantro and a fish tostada to go. When I came home, no onions and cilantro. WTF? My taco was a little on the bland side. The meat was decent but the seasoning was bland. The beans with my tacos didn't work for me either. I don't understand all the rave reviews for this place. I lived in L.A. so I have a lot of taco eating experience!  Haha. The fish tostada was alright but after looking at some of the food photos, I got jipped on the avocado. I got 1/2-1/3 of the avocado slices. I was going to give 3 stars but since they forgot my toppings and shorted me on my avocado slices,  I'm taking off a star.
2	Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but my carne asada burrito "with everything" was just OK. I definitely feel that I've had better. Am I just spoiled from living in LA? The burrito was a good size and the components were good, but it was definitely missing freshness. I had to drown the burrito with the squeeze bottle salsa verde to bring acidity and more flavor to it. Where was the cilantro and onions? Those pickled radishes? This location doesn't even have a salsa bar where you can get these things if you wanted to. I've literally never been to a Mexican restaurant where there's only one salsa available; there's always salsa verde, roja, and usually pico de gallo available, but apparently that's not the case here.  I'm glad to say that the service is a worlds apart from the places I go to in LA; they're actually very nice here! But the food just seemed a little one-note and flat to me.
5	I'm a HUGE taco fan! Always loved them and always looking for new taco spots! A buddy from work introduced me to Los Tacos one day and I've been hooked since. Sure it's a bit pricey but you get what you pay for and trust me you get your money's worth! The people are always on a hustle prepping food and getting orders out in a timely matter. I highly recommend this place!
4	'Rito only review!!Tough one to call here. Needed a quick bit and out of nowhere come Los Tacos. Checked out the menu and the $3 tacos really sent me for a loop, so I went for a burrito (I don't know why I even tried NOT to eat one). 5$ and change nets you a 'rito, but it's only meat and beans. Guac, sour cream and cheese will run you an extra $1.50. If you can turn down that magical combo of toppings, you're a better man than I. End total was $7 and change. The 'rito result was mixed. It had just below average girth and solid length, which I think would make most people happy (although the rumor is women enjoy....). Anyway, it was solid. The al pastor wasn't the greatest, but honestly if you peep my pic, you can see that even below average meat was masked by the toppings. It was a good 'rito. Not great. Not 5-star.  3.5 star with a bump bc it had a drive thru. I'll go taco diving next time and report back... Wait....
4	I am definitely a fan.  Their tacos are big and very tasty.  I really love the steak and the al pastor tacos.  Their meat tastes so good and this is hard to find at most taco shops here in Las Vegas.  With 2 tacos you are good and the tacos are served with beans, cheese, 2 corn tortillas, and if you want at an extra cost, sour cream and guacamole.  It's my favorite taco shop with Tacos el Gordo :)They also have fruit juices that are very good, the mango is delicious.
5	I will forever love this place. If I'm on a deserted island, I need this food with me to survive...nothing else, well, except water.
5	So much awesome for so little cost. Every time my parents come to town, we eat here nearly every day. Delicious meats, but chorizo burrito "with everything" is my favorite. Also love their fruit drinks - watermelon is unbelievable, strawberry equally lovely. And last but not least, must exclaim the awesomeness of the FREE tomatillo salsa on every table.
2	This was a stop on a taco trek UYE and I was glad because I always see it, but never go because Tacos El Gordo is next door. This place is pricey! I was shocked at the prices for being a fast food place with a drive-thru. The tacos are $3 each and that is before toppings. If you want cheese, avocado and sour cream it will cost you $5 per taco. The tacos tasted somewhat OK but some of my asada meat was cooked crispy and it seemed the tacos were filled with more salsa and junk then meat. It was a hot damn mess to eat. I just don't like getting ripped off when the taco doesn't even taste authentic and the tacos are overpriced. If you see the picture of my 2 tacos you will think it looks good but are you willing to pay $10 plus tax for them? After buying a drink my total was almost $14. Like I said it didn't taste bad but it wasn't anything close to Tacos El Gordo which is in the same parking lot and right next door! Just go to El Gordo trust me!
5	All I can say is Wow! My boyfriend and I came across this place and I am so happy. Lets talk green sauce, this place has the absolute best green sauce I have ever tasted! I essentially wiped our table clean of the bottle! It paired so well with our met plate, which I would totally recommend! Now I don't like refried beans..... But I could not stop eating them! Will definitely be back again! And again! And again! Great food for such an outstanding bargain!
1	Went through the drive thru to order a double shrimp and oyster cocktail. Price on menu says "1100". Lady tells me my total is 15 and some change. I nicely question and she asks me to drive to the window. This is fine, as it was hard to hear her on the speaker as it was. I pull up and she informs me that it was incorrect on their menu. I asked why haven't they changed it... And of course she does not know. So she informs the owner/manager and he literally does that ah whatever hand gesture to shun me/it. I have no problem paying for cocktail from here, because I have had one before and they are amazing... I just despise rude costumer service.
3	Pretty much everyone I know raves about this place. After finally making it here, starving after working out, I got two tacos - chicken and pork. After quickly, and with high hopes, scarfing down these creations... I thought absolutely nothing about what I just ate. I had to think about why.It isn't that there isn't quality. There is quality. But for some reason... it all just tastes like nothing. It's all a mash of ingredients that have no discernible taste. This makes me sad because everything looks fresh and is expected to be tasty. It's just nothing. Almost like everything is also the same mushy texture. Just in a shape you can hold.It's a place with food. I don't get the hype, but it certainly isn't bad.
4	One of the best burritos I've ever had.  A friend had talked me into going to Island Style next door and I went with some hesitation.  The food was not good and I was starving.  When we left I saw Los Tacos, looked it up on Yelp, and decided to go.  Jackpot!  I had just found one of my new favorites in Las Vegas.  I walked in and was a little confused on the menu.  It doesn't really specify what comes with burritos, tacos, etc.  I added guacamole, sour cream, and cheese to my Al Pastor burrito.  Absolute heaven!  Even better with the sauce on the tables.  Chips and salsa were about average.  Nothing special there, but that's not the focus in this place.   I'm going back for Tacos later this week!  Thanks for the great meal Los Tacos!
5	Love love love this place! Carne asada taco make sure and add the guacamole and sour cream, it costs extra and is worth every penny! I also love there chips and pico, chips are fresh and pico is diced extra small.
4	Los Tacos is delish! Seriously the best! My mouth waters for it many days after I've had it. I mean it is right now thinking about it! I've only had the tacos and I've had beef and chicken. I'll probably get the pork next to try it. I get it with everything, sour cream, salsa, and cheese, for and extra $1.50. Making it almost a $5.00 taco! But it's worth it and way better then any $10.00 fast food meal! The only other food I've tried are the chips and salsa and they are pretty average. The BF gets a carne asada burrito with everything and it's amazing as well. I get the Strawberry Drink, it's awesome! Nice and refreshing! Try this place you won't be disappointed! Be ready to order they move fast and you can feel pressured to order before you you really decided what you wanted!
4	Good food. My kids and I liked it. Cheap food. Good tasting. Just what i needed to feed myself and my kids cheap.
5	Best quesadillas ever. The fruit drinks are very fresh. This is my most visited restaurant in Las Vegas. Definitely 5 stars for me.
5	Amazing beans!
1	First time and last!  Too expensive for a taco $3.00 They took forever to prepare our order even when the place was almostEmpty! The rice was super salty and the tortillas was the wortsCorn tortillas I ever ate! For the price I expected something betterBut what a shame!!!! :(
4	I have been going to the location on Charleston since I was eight! Amazing and convenient food is served here people.Their seafood cocktails are literally some of the best I've had. I usually get the quesadillas and add beans with carne asada. For their regular tacos I definitely enjoy the carne asada,  their lengua (at times its salty tho), el pastor, and chicken ( all with avocado and cream too!) Their green sauce is such a good additional topping as well! Their drinks are awesome too, horchata, jamaica, and ive tried the mango too which is awesome. Check it out!
4	Had a pork and Carne asada taco. Pork was ok. Carne was amazing. Had a BBQ smoky flavor. $3 plus $1.50 to add cheese sour cream and avocado so kinda pricy for a taco but so good. I asked for lime and they cut me up some fresh ones on the spot. The shrimp cocktail looks really good and I will try it next time. This place looks like a hole in the wall and really is but good food.
5	The absolute best tacos I've ever had. The portion is huge, and the meat is so flavorful! It's so good it makes you want to barf out the tacos you just ate so you could eat more tacos.
4	Things started off a little slow trying to give my order. But that's pretty normal for your first time somewhere. Then they messed up my order and I almost didn't say anything. But I did and they fixed it no problem. So that's the service. The food? Amazing. Just a really really solid taco. Really fresh. I thought it was a little pricey but after seeing what I get I'm ok with it. I definitely ordered way too much food. Next experience I will be even better I'm sure.
1	If you've ever eaten good Mexican food in your life you would know this place is NOT the spot. I have no idea how it's the highest rated option on yelp.1 burrito, 2 tacos, & a drink costs $19.73. That's already a no. Then you're like... okay it's Vegas, of course it'll cost a little more, whatever. 5 minutes later, you get your food and it tastes like nothing. Nothing.I'm from LA so I have decent expectations for Mexican food and this was almost disrespectful. No flavor and the meat was cold. The watermelon drink was good.Bottom line: this place is one very small step above Taco Bell. If you're from LA or SD, any taco truck you might go to is better than this.
5	My new favorite place!!!! Tacos were amazing with just onions and cilantro even! Huge portion of chips and salsa (pico). Staff very friendly!!! So happy my friend recommended this place! I had been looking for a good taco place. Robertos, etc were not cutting it... The flavor of the carne asada alone is great and they give you a huge portion of steak!!! Happy happy happy!!! Now if we could get a los tacos on the south west side it would be heaven!!! :)
4	Fantastic carne asada burritos as well as al pastor.  We were in town for three days at a  conference and went out there twice because the food is so good.  The price is great (for vegas) and the food is amazing.  Friendly service and great experience.  Compares very well to the Mexican food in San Diego.
4	My coworker and I were returning from the east side of town at lunch time and we're trying to decide where to eat. When we saw the Los Tacos sign, I remember when this place was a Weinerschnitzel. Since I hadn't been there, it would give me something to yelp about.I had a carne asada burrito. Most of the places have packages of chopped beef they throw on the griddle to cook it, this meat had charring on it and tasted like charbroiled steak, this burrito was delicious, very good. There were a few beans in the burrito, but not many, they certainly weren't using beans as filler, like so many places have decided to do. Some places put so much rice and beans in the burritos, the meat gets lost. I prefer a meat burrito, just meat with cheese, guacamole or salsa, with rice and beans on the side.The size was medium, not too big, not too small. Some places make things larger, because some people equate quantity to value. A lot of mediocre, is still mediocre. I suppose it depends on why you're eating. If you're taking a break, to relax and enjoy the food, quality means more. If you don't know when you'll have your next meal, your primary goal is to store calories, then quantity would mean more.If you like the carne asada burritos at Roberto's (which I do), you'll love the carne asada burritos at Los Tacos. I will definitely go there again and recommend it to anyone.
1	Why this place has 4 stars is beyond me. We had a horrible experience from start to finish.The speaker at the drive thru is useless cuz u can barely understand the broken English through the crackling speaker. She got our order completely wrong! No surprise there! $3 for a taco? Try $4.50 when they add guacamole with out your knowledge. Nothing about this place is authentic. Bottled salsa and pre packages tortillas. Flavorless meat and guacamole. Trust me and pass on this trash!!!!
5	You have got to try the carne asada quesadilla, I like the flour tortilla with everything on it. It is absolutely fabulous!!!
4	Very good sized tacos! They are 3 dollars with any meat and extra 1.50 for crema, cheese and guacamole! I love, love avocados so I was very happy when I saw a lot of guacamole on them! I also ordered the mango agua fresca and I though it was pretty good considering that It was only 2 bucks for real fruit! The only bad thing is that they were pretty busy at lunch time so we had to wait a while, on top of that they forgot to make my bfs order so we had to wait even longer .. Overall a good Mexican food in a clean and pleasant restaurant!
2	Maybe the trick here is not to use the drive-thru. I thought it would be wildly convenient, but it took 15 minutes to get my simple order, without apology or explanation. Menu is straight forward: tacos and burritos with all of the expected meats, small seafood selection and some quesadillas, and that's about it. Staff may or may not speak English so bust out your best high school Spanish. While you wait in the drive-thru, enjoy watching the staff make their own meals or snacks and eat them, then return to work without using gloves or washing their hands. As you wait for your own order, forgotten by the cashier.Lengua junior burrito is well-sized but literally consists of just lengua and cheese. Probably a better option than ordering several separate tacos, if you're going to get them with all the same meat. The lengua itself was soft and flavorful and delicious, but the taste got boring after half of the burrito. Alas, I had not been given any salsas, dios mio!Ceviche tostadas is two crispy shells and a small-looking portion of fish in a Styrofoam cup with avocado slices. Fish was fresh and had good flavor- simply seasoned with sal, pepino, y limon, but it really worked, especially with the creaminess of the avocado.
1	The prices for tacos are high.  You'll end up spending almost $20 for 3 tacos and a drink.  In that case rather go to a real restaurant
4	My go to place for fast food Mexican.  The boiled chicken tacos and burritos, cerviche, tortas, fresh add ons are always delicious.  The Sahara location is as good now as the Charleston one.  Not cheap but portions are big and service is fast for made to order.
4	The BEST chicken taco I have ever had. If you order one, get the boiled chicken with everything option. Apparently now they offer a grilled chicken version, which I have not tried yet. The quality, flavor and texture of the taco is excellent. The outer shell seems soft, while the inner shell has a slight toasted crisp to it. The tacos seem to have slightly shrunk in size recently, but are still full of meat, pinto beans, sour cream and guacamole. If you prefer a side sauce, I recommend green, which isn't too hot. The chips and salsa are also very good, and a generous portion for $2. Sorry I can't review the rest of the menu. It's too difficult not to order these tacos!
5	This is one of my absolute favorite taco shops. I wish there was one closer to my house, although it would really effect my waistline. The tacos are huge. I highly recommend getting them fully loaded... Price usually works out to be about $5 with everything, but it's worth it. AI love the green sauce... I love to smother my taco with it. I've also tried the ceviche, and it was pretty good. I also love the corn quesadilla with carne asada. I love the ease of the drive thru.
5	way too expensive. 5 tacos with everything for two people is almost$30 ...  woth the price.  Best tacos in vegas. Jist like they do in mexico
5	Best steak taco I've ever had!!! They're good sized and come with alot on them. The meat is clean, no weird fat chunks. Full of flavor, I crave them all the time.
5	Why would anyone ever go to Taco Bell, when there is a Los Tacos!!!  I have been to a lot of taco restaurants with big names and expensively priced dishes.  Los Tacos may look like a fast food restaurant, but it is better than most of the pricey americanized Mexican restaurants in town.  In one word: AuthenticRestaurant is clean, nice looking, the outside grounds are very nice and well kept.  The servers are very nice.  The drive through works great.  Everything hand made, per order and real, fresh ingredients.Salsa's are fabulous, so many kinds.  Veggie Tacos A+.  Chips & Salsa A+Mmmmmmm!
4	My co-workers and I did a less formal version of a "battle of the tacos" between Los Tacos and Tacos el Gordo.Here's the basic run down:The tacos are bigger here and they cost more that Tacos el Gordo too. At $3.00 a taco WITHOUT the works on it. To have all the extra add ons it would be an additional $2 each. Here, I only had to purchase 2 tacos versus 4 at Tacos el Gordo (which ultimately comes out the same anyway). I don't know what kind of tortilla TeG uses, but I was disappointed to see that LT doesn't make their tacos. It was definitely store bought.The taco breakdown:LENGUA: I do like the lengua here. A lot "saltier" and "full of flavor" than TeG. You also get a bigger portion too. I personally like the lengua here more.AL PASTOR: Also very good (i guess comparable to the ADOBADO i tried in TeG, but only because their both marinated pork). Super good, tender pork, and bold with a slightly sweet taste to it. Definitely a good off the strip location to go to if Tacos el Gordo is too overwhelming for you since it is on he strip and they have lines on top of lines.My co-worker got a TORTA, and if you're wondering what that is, it's basically a sandwich version of everything else in a toasted fresh-like roll. It looks pretty good! If you are looking for something less messy and complicated other than a burrito...I'd say go for it. I've never tried this version before, and I'd like to come back to experience it.
3	The service and quality of food at this Sahara location has always been inferior to the original downtown. I always get the impression that the workers here don't give a f and their food reflects that!
5	Best carne asada in the world. Steak quesadilla is amazing, Carne asada burrito is amazing get it with everything on it, arroz y frijoles is not the same as rice and beans, also amazing.That crema.
5	Great Mexican fast food. Super clean restaurant. I recommend the marinated pork burrito.
4	My co-workers just brought back two tacos for me. They were awesome. Looking forward to seeing the entire menu from inside !!!
5	Best in Las Vegas. The food is absolutely incredible and the staff is so nice. They just make you feel so welcome. With customer service and quality food like this, they are unstoppable.
5	This is by far the best taco place in Vegas. If u go early the tacos will be fantastic! The aguas frescas are delicious...rice and beans are excellent and the carne adasa by far is the best! You won't regret u ate here!
5	The food here is the best the tacos comes with guacamole,picadillo, choice of meat and sour cream soft tortilla over a crunchy tortilla is so good. The tostada de camarones is good with lots of flavor. The employees are super nice very good service. When we come here to vegas this is our MUST!! Stop :-)
5	I'm SOOOOO sad that we do not live close to any of their locations anymore!!!! But that definitely does not stop us from coming in to get our Mexican-food fix!!! We have had all sorts of tacos in many different places (cities, states, etc.) and my bf and I STILL cannot find a place that beats Los Tacos. It's literally mind-boggling how good they are. Their service is another aspect of this place that we love. It's always so genuine and I swear, there has been a handful of times where we have gotten something for free. Be it free chips and salsa, free "extra quesadilla they accidentally made" or free taco that they feel like they need to give us because they made us wait a whole four minutes for our order in the drive through. All of the out of town folk that we have taken to this place are all literally floored and they come from places that are heavily populated with awesome Mexican-fare, so you know this place is DELICIOUS!
4	The food is just amazing. A little over price in my opinion. Oh and registers need to be more specific in regards add-on pricing.
4	This place is pretty decent.
5	Great flavors! They have options for grilled or boiled chicken! Tacos are filling! Quesadilla is cheesy with a crispy fried tortilla! Good choice for fast food!
5	I used to go to this Los Tacos at least once a week when I worked in the area because it's just such great food.Their shredded chicken and carne asada is awesome.  Also, get a plain cheese quesadilla harina and put salsa and green sauce on top.  OH MAN, SO GOOD!Completely unrelated to the food, they do keep it very cold so grab a sweater or jacket.
5	Goodbye hubby, I'm leaving you to run off with the lengua tacos from Los Tacos.  And I think I'll have an affair with their shrimp tostadas as well.  Tee hee.The space is comfortable, air-conditioned with benches and a pretty outdoor patio with "bar chairs".  There are 2 TVs showing Mexican channels.  Their tacos are about 1-2 dollars more than Tacos El Gordo (depending if you want the works) but man... are they worth it!!!  Hubby had the carne asada plate which comes with beans, rice, tortillas, and vegetables.  He was happy with this, it was a substantial piece of meat, but I do wish it had more oil.  The salsa was good, as well as their nacho chips., then I had their shrimp tostada with avocado ($4.00) but man oh man it was soooo good!  And very filling.  I also tried their Al Pastor and Lengua tacos.  The Al Pastor meat is not as heavily seasoned as I'm accustomed too in other taco shops, and they serve their version with beans.  This was ok.  But the lengua taco.. that was mind blowing!!!  It had HUGE chunks of extremely tender and savory lengua (beef tongue) that is prepared and cooked well because it does not have a very strong gamey taste/smell like in other taco joints.   If you have not tried beef tongue, this is the perfect introduction for you.  The owner said they make the lengua batch fresh every day and never serve leftovers.  I'm remembering that lengua and forgetting my husband again.  Hehe.  Can't wait to go back!!!
5	I love this place and come here for lunch at least once a week.  I can eat here everyday and not be tired of the flavor.  The large and spacious seating area is a big plus.  I usually get the carne asada tacos and beef tongue (Lengua) tacos.  Today I discovered their amazing carnita (pork).  I will definitely get the carnita quesadilla next time (add guacamole and salsa).  You can ask for a sample of the meat.  I wish this place is closer to my house!!!
5	Authentic, great quality and excellent flavors. The tacos are amazing and if you get one with everything, one taco is enough! They are huge! Their signature green salsa is the best and compliments their food perfectly. Their aguas frescas (fruit waters) are refreshing and flavorful, not too sweet. I've never had a bad experience and my Friends, Family, Co-workers and I enjoy eating here when we are on this side of town.
5	This is my go-to spot for Mexican shrimp cocktail, burritos, and tacos when I'm too lazy to cook my own.  The meats are well-seasoned, salsa always tastes fresh, and the chips are the best I've ever had. The aguas frescas are refreshing and not too sweet. Prices are very fair for the quality.
4	This place was good. And it was very cheap too.It has a fast food vibe, but takes just a little longer than BK or McDs. The tacos were tasty...a lot of choices, but I got the pork carnitas with sour cream. I asked for the pico on the side, but they forgot it.  There was a good green sauce at the table, so I didn't need it. I would come again for some quick tacos at a low price.
5	AMAZING.. I spoke with the owner who originates from San Francisco. His father owns La Taqueria in the Mission and he use's the same recipes as his dad's restaurant in S.F.  If you want to try the most delicious carnita's burrito ever..come here to Los Tacos. the meat is tender, the beans, have a nice salty flavor, and the rice is perfect. add all three main ingredients together with some cheese and a flour tortilla..heaven. I have had a lot of carnita's burrito's in my time..but this has to be, hand's down the best I have EVER eaten. If your from the bay area and your looking for a mission style burrito, look no further. Los Tocos has you covered. so good...
5	Oh yeah.  Great flavor.  Spectacular presentation. Good value (READ cheap and good sized portions).
5	Why is it so hard to find good Mexican food in Vegas?  I come from SoCal so I guess I'm spoiled.  Los Tacos is soooo good, it's worth the drive all the way from Henderson.  Tacos are great, burritos are great, carnitas is superb, love their watermelon drinks, and don't forget to get an extra large container of pico de gallo to take home.  The best ever!
5	Excellent ceviche and Carne asada tacos.  We are not locals and were on the hunt for better tacos than we find back home. Success! and the owner brought us a seafood cocktail - also delicious.
4	Me gusts. Me Gustav. Me gusta. Been in town a week. Went because of yelp review. Had carne asada tacos. The flavor was delisioso. Highly recommended.
5	OMG a great hot spot. If you're in Vegas & want a GOOD taco. This is the place! Tacos are reg size tortillas. You can make 2 tacos out of 1. I also had a tostada de camaron with avocado .......Very good. Salsa at table is also very good on ANYTHING. Prices are a lil high for your average taco but  soooooo worth every penny.I'll be stopping by when I come back to Vegas
4	This place is a little different than your typical Mexican food joint. I say that because the tacos are actually pretty big. They're not like your usual tacos that you need like 8 of them to get filled up, here you're good with just one or two. Their quesadillas are amazing though. There's a semi-thin layer of cheese and it's cooked on a flat top so it is extra crispy. And every table has a bottle of green salsa, which is not too spicy, but if you do want spicy you can just ask for it at the counter.Other items on the menu include burritos, tortas, sopes, and much more. And of course can't forget your jamaica, horchata, and tamarindo
5	THE BEST TACOS I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE! There I said it lol. Honestly these tacos were so amazing I want to go back to Vegas all the time, not for the clubs, I want to go for this place!! The fully loaded tacos are to die for. Not to mention there is a bottle of green sauce on your table to enjoy as much as you want with a squeeze. A BOTTLE. Need I say more? P.S. I ate at both locations in my last Vegas trip and both were delicious. However this location is in a nicer neighborhood and the manager was beyond friendly! Please open a location in SoCal!!!!
4	This place is sooooo good. Tacos are fantastic. I order them with everything on them, I think it's a few bucks extra but totally worth it. Pricing is decent, closer to a sit down restaurant pricing than fast food pricing.
3	I will give a 3 stars because the good was good. I paid for extra avocado and did not get what I paid for.
5	Delicious tacos. We found this place on yelp when we were visiting Vegas and it did not disappoint. Friendly, personable owner and unbelievably good food. I had the carne Asada taco with guac, sour cream and cheese, it was my favorite authentic taco I have ever eaten. Seasoned to perfection. My husband and son had the Jr. burritos with carne asada and my daughter a delicious generous size quesadilla. We we're all impressed. The side of rice and beans was 2.00 and so good. Reasonable price for families. Don't miss this place if your in Vegas! For Real!!!
4	Food is really good ... Service was great ..found this place on YELP.. Driving back to Cali from Utah... Delicious!! Better than the nasty buffets in Vegas!!!!
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas. Love the food and the people. I wish there was one in summerlin but I will drive over here for their food anytime!  I always bring visitors for out of town here. It's always a hit.
1	$30 for 2 people! This place DOES NOT deserve 4 stars. The avocado  while they used real ones, it was just mashed, NO flavoring, very bland. I paid over $30 for 2 people. Carne asada burrito, carne asada quesadilla, side of rice, chips and guacamole (yuck, I couldn't finish it because I wanted to throw it all up), and 2 drinks. The charge extra to take out the beans but I was able to wrap my thumb and index around the entire burrito= way too small= way over price even if it was big enough. Over all I felt like I was nickel and dimed to death= definitely not worth the squeeze.
