5	Ground Control at Verrado just had their grand opening on Saturday. Decided to skip grand opening crowd and went on Sunday at noon for lunch. No crowd!The new Gastropub was wonderful. Very clean and well staffed for lunch.The shortened menu had a good selection, but cannot wait for the full menu to start.With 15 craft beers on draft it was hard to decide.We ordered the Chipotle Turkey and the Viper (hot pastrami) Paninis along with a beer.The Panini was delicious, just the right amount of meat vs bread. Speaking of bread, the rosemary flatbread was awesome. This Gastropub is just what the area needed and we will defiantly be returning.
5	Awesome! Do not hesitate to come here. Great beer and great food. This place really makes the dining options in Verrado more well-rounded now...I would like to see more vegan options on the menu here, but for now I will stick to the Black Bean Burger as it is delicious. Staff was very courteous and professional, atmosphere is great. Thank you Ground Control for giving us somewhere great to spend our weekend nights without it involving a 45 minute car ride. We will be back again, and again!
4	A little metro, very simple, loungish feel.  Great drinks, great food, friendly staff.  Burger and wings were awesome!
2	My dining companion (formally known as Mom) and I are in Verrado every Thursday night for chiropractor night. Since it's dinner time by the time we're done, we decided to pop "downtown" for some food and wine. Neither of us have dined in Verrado except for at the golf club, but being familiar with the sister wine and coffee bar in Goodyear, Ground Control seemed like a decent option.Decent was probably apt, but I wouldn't go as far to call it "excellent," or "must try," or even "a really good choice." We walked in and, without a sign, waited for someone to seat us or invite us to seat ourselves. Mom finally asked a server, who told us to have at. We chose a table in the back that was half booth, but as soon as we sat, I realized the table setting, consisting of some coasters, and plastic holder for sugars, and the salt and pepper, were rather habberdash, with an extra plastic holder on the other side of the table, alone and empty. But the table looked clean so we forged ahead. A few minutes later, the bartender appeared and took out drink and food order. We both ordered the same wine, which the bartender returned to inform us several minutes later, he ran out of, but would provide the other version of pinot grigio, the more expensive version, at the price of the one we requested. This was completely reasonable and earns the bartender a star. Our food took a little longer because Mom ordered the Shepherd's pie, but arrived timely enough for the half-full restaurant. As soon as my Ham and Brie panini with salad was in front of me, I realized I was hungrier than the cook must have estimated, and asked for a side of fries. The salad was a nice, fresh looking mix of spinach and bright greens nearly drowned in balsamic. The "sandwich"was a couple pieces of ham smooshed between two sad pieces of rosemary flat-with-a-capital-F flatbread. I peeled the mess apart to study it, and found two teeny tiny pieces of brie for each half of the sandwich, and two slices of soft apples on only one half. I forged ahead and bit into my extremely dry, bland meal. I ate about three-quarters of the sandwich before I gave up and went to town scraping most of the balsamic off my salad, and this from a girl who loves her some bals. The chef brought out my fries, which were pretty good, and asked how the food was. Mom and I both hate to cause a scene, so we assured him everything was fine.Mom, meanwhile, kept fishing in her shepherd's pie for veggies beyond the couple of peas I saw her scrape out. Her evaluation after the meal was that the mashed potatoes were good, but not lumpy, as she prefers, and there was a ton of ground beef but very few veggies. But our wine was good, and the bartender gets no complaints from me. I know Verrado is a bit out in the boonies to say the least, but it would be really nice if some Cen Pho-type restaurant took a chance out there. Ground Control's atmosphere has potential, but it's still pretty generic looking; maybe some local artists could contribute to the decor. The food, at least the ones we sampled tonight, is mediocre at best. The group a few tables down from us, however, seemed delighted with their burgers, so maybe that's the way to go. I'm more than willing to give Ground Control another shot, especially because I love supporting small business owners, but it isn't at the top of my list.
4	Residents of Verrado, we were so happy to have another restaurant option nearby. The burgers are a big thumbs up, huge and appear to be handformed from delicious beef like you would make on the grill at home, the pannini's a big thumbs down. Would prefer to have crusty panini bread as opposed to a dry tasteless flatbread. The Shepard's Pie was ok, not bad. Would love to see fondues!  Perfect place for that. The decor is very nice, clean and the waitstaff and ambiance wonderful. Love the loft-vibe. Love Verrado!
3	Let me first say coffee here is awesome.  Coffee review alone deserves 5 stars.They just recently added a breakfast menu and that's what I'm reviewing.  We had breakfast here and thought the ambiance and decor was nice.  Definitely more of a lounge feel.  They do serve alcoholic beverages/dinner so that makes sense.Wait staff was good.  Nothing to write home to Mom about but decent.The food was "meh".  The muffin I got for my daughter did not seem "homemade" which I was disappointed.  Nor did it taste fresh.  I just didn't get that "warm fuzzy" when I tried the muffin.  My pancakes were OK but definitely flat.  Not fluffy at all much to my disappointment.  It tasted fine though.  For $6 (or $7) all it came with were 3 pancakes.  If they were awesome pancakes I would not have complained.  For mediocre ones, a little pricey.  Hubby got an omelette and that was pretty decent.  It came with breakfast potatoes which were also good.  I was kind of disappointed to be honest.  It would have been awesome to have a great breakfast joint in the area.  I'll probably go back to having just coffee there.  I'd give them 6 stars if I could.Were not drinkers or night owls so no review on their dinner menu or alkie beverages.
2	Ok here is the deal, I am sad to only give ground control 2 stars because it should be way better. This is in walking distance to my house and I come here almost every day. I have coffee, muffins, salads,and so on.The coffee is usually good, the muffin was great, the salad was so so bad, and the service is kinda strange.    Its a small area you would expect this place to be really friendly and helpful, not the case. They usually are busy talking to the other workers or have some small project going on, never are they happy you are there its almost like they are bothered by you. the salad i had there was really bad, the lettuce was wilted and slathered in dressing, I sent it back and it looks like the "chef" just put it on a new plate with a little fresher lettuce and a lot more dressing. wasted my $7.00 bucks. Please Please Please Ground Control get your act together so I can give you more stars.
1	I do not want to even give it one star, but I think I have to.   While recently on vacation in Arizona, my mother, my sister and I decided to check this place out for a quick lunch.  We chose Ground Control over the other 2 options in Verrado for a few reasons: 1. my sister had a groupon there, 2. we have been to both the Verrado Grille and to the pizza/Italian place before and wanted to try something new, and 3. We were looking for something pretty quick.  As someone who has worked in restaurants and the customer service industry for over 10 years, I tend to be a little more forgiving than other people I know when it comes to service problems in a restaurant, however, this was absolutely terrible.  I say this because the only people who appeared to be working were the manager and 1 server and with 4 other tables, I can understand a little slowness,   We sat down around 12:30 pm and quickly ordered drinks and an order of the artichoke dip.  Our drinks came out within a reasonable amount of time, but the artichoke dip, which you can tell is just microwaved took nearly 30 minutes.  Before the dip came out, we placed our lunch order, which was the following: a cup of soup for my mother, the tuscan chicken sandwich for my sister, and the the Astoria salad with no chicken (I am a vegetarian).  After about an hour of waiting for our food and with no drink refills, I went inside to look around and see what was going on.  I could not imagine what was taking so long, especially when we only ordered one item that really needed to be cooked.  When I went inside, I saw not too much happening; it was not busy, and the manager and our waitress were just chit-chatting at the bar, completely oblivious as to our frustrations.  I sat back down and finally the waitress came over to let us know that they were short staffed in the kitchen, something I totally understand, but would have liked to know, after waiting 20 minutes. Finally, after waiting about an hour and a half, my mom's soup and my salad came out, my sister still had no sandwich, I begin to eat my salad and my mom tried her soup--IT WAS COLD.  My sister takes my moms soup inside and asks to get her sandwich to go.  At this point we are all so frustrated and just want to leave, it had been almost 2 hours, the manager comes out with the soup and sandwich to go and I take maybe my fourth bite of salad, and what do I get--a piece of chicken!!! Unacceptable in my opinion.  After that, the waitress came back out and said she took our soup and salad off the bill and asked if we still wanted to use the GRoupon, which my sister did, because she said she will never go back. Sorry for the long review, but it was such a terrible experience that hopefully the Ground Control staff can learn from.
5	They are cool here.
1	Don't throw your money away by eating here. I REALLY wanted to like this place.  Especially because it's near my home and I want all the local businesses to succeed.  However, I've given this place multiple chances at correcting the problems they have and they've failed each time. Their bar and drink service is good and they have a nice inventory of premium beers.  Their location and interior is also decent.  That's where the positive ends. FOOD: The menu is good.  Execution is horrible.  They need to replace their "chef" and hire a professional cook who knows how to consistently put out food that isn't either raw/undercooked, or burnt. Ordered the Angus beef burgers on three separate occasions (separated by at least a month each time to see if they improved).  Burgers came out raw one time...had to send back.  They gave me a 50% discount for the error.Next time: burnt.  The burger was so badly burnt that it's impossible to believe the "chef" and the server didn't notice with the smell and smoke coming from the plate.  Sent it back.  They took it off the bill.  Fries: They come out raw/soggy in the center.  You can tell they use frozen products and they don't quality check their plates before serving.  This is a failure by the cook, servers, and most importantly, the manager. Yesterday, I tried falafel that was on special.  I'm not sure they know what the definition of a falafel is: mine was made with some kind of dough that was NOT made from ground chickpeas or fava beans.  Perhaps corn meal.  Either way, the "falafel balls came out cold and raw in the middle.  No seasoning and in a store-bought pita cold and dry bread that broke open and spilt my food everywhere.  Sent it back and it came back the same way.  They didn't even bother making me a new one.  They just re-fried my sent-back falafel balls hoping I would be happy with a hotter version of the same thing.  Again it was raw in the middle.  They gave us a 50% discount because not only did it come out in error, it took them 30 minutes(!) to serve our food in the first place.  This on a weekday during a lunch time. In summary, this place's kitchen has a failure from the top; which is management that ignores food quality and service issues.  When they discount or write off our bad food, we get absolutely no apology by the manager on duty.  This tells me they'd rather lose money than address problems.  I don't see how a business can survive much longer like this.
1	Please Verrado ground Control owners... Go into your locations and see what's going on!! Food is bland !! Service is not up to par !! We have only 2 other places to eat in Verrado so your making $$ because of that reason and that reason only? Do you want to be a pub that serves beer and semi good martinis or a great gastro-pub that serves both great food and drinks? We as Verrado residents need you to care about quality and our loyalty! As of today I can't enter your establishment and eat a simple Quesadilla thats so easy to make taste good but your cooks(I won't say chef ) destroy it !! Really , is this what you want in Verrado ??! you need better management or owners need to wake up!! And smell the coffee next door!! Listen to your reviews
1	If you like Ground Control, stick with the Goodyear location.  I found no redeeming qualities at Verrado.  I had lunch there today, and don't plan to return.  Despite the fact that there were only a few customers, the wait service was poor.  We got drinks fairly quickly, but had to wait more than 30 minutes to put in a food order.  I ordered the Chicken Cranberry Salad.  The waitress brought out a different salad, explaining that the chef's out of chicken salad.  Really?  I can understand being out of a menu item, but the chef decides what my replacement order should be?  A dining partner asked for additional dressing, and, after waiting for more than 10 minutes and a courteous reminder to the waitress, finally got the dressing.  Total time to grab a quick salad lunch:  more than 95 minutes.
1	NO macaroni and cheese!!! 18 beers on tap....not. Correct your advertising and fix your menu. Miss the original Chef the new one is not as good. Staff not so knowledgeable about food and beers, service is not good the wait is too long. Can't wait for Native New Yorker to open.
1	Tail spin..........
1	You can pretty much copy-paste all the previous comments/reviews here too.  Lazy service, under/mismanaged, dirty, poor products.  Unfortunate too, because they have the tools and opportunity to be a really, really neat niche.  The GC in Litchfield Park is WAY better.  C'mon Ground Control, get your managing act together!
5	Kobe sliders were unbelievable! I like the new energy and ambiance. The service was good too. It seems like they've hired some new people. The new menu was great, compliments to the new chef. They've made some much needed changes, keep up the good work.
5	GC in Verrado has just gone under a ton of changes with staff, menu, and management.  This place has its kick back! You can't beat the amount of craft brews on tap. Nice to have a locally owned business providing such great beer. This place has a home-town feel, and reminds me of the show "Cheers." The servers really try and get to know the guests and provide the best service possible.  This place is great for Friday night hangouts, Saturday football games and in-house entertainment, and anytime you want to take a break and have a cold beer after a long days work. Also, the wine list is impeccable.If you are looking for a nice night out, come back to GC and check out the changes.  You won't be disappointed.
1	I have been in a few times, every time I wait forever for my food, and if I dare to order a coffee I am guaranteed a long wait and a luke warm drink, one time they actually forgot to put the coffee in my latte!!! My food order has been wrong more times then is acceptable, the service it SLOW and the staff seems not to care about their customers, terrible business!!! The only plus is they have good beer on tap and my husband likes that, but we will not be going back until the change so things.
1	Friday, December 28.  Kitchen closed at 7:00 PM!  Why even open?
1	The only good thing about this place was the beer selection. The food is flavorless. The service sucks. With a little bit of leadership and a decent chef this place would always be packed. Jacob the waiter said to ask for him next time. Don't ask for Jacob! He was horrible. He took my wife's beer before she was done. Jacob, smoke less pot it will get you farther in life.
4	I wanted to write an update to my former review. Seems that management is listening and things are changing for the better. New chef and menu choices in the works. Breakfast although few choices at the moment is outstanding and gigantic portions. Carrot muffins, I stop to buy them alone. Staff is always helpful, friendly and on point. Thanks for listening to us Yelpers!  PS. Love the Groupons.
1	Well...I'm not sure why we went back here. The beer selection has dwindled. The service was slow. We didn't get food this time. We learned from our last visit. Our night ended early when old drunk people started singing karaoke. I would not recommend going here any night especially on a Friday night.
1	The only reason I am giving this place a 1 star is because it does have potential due to their food. There is not much of a selection on the menu but whatever I have ordered has been great. The problem is the management and staff. I have gone back several times hoping they have corrected the problem but keep getting let down by their service. Expect to spend at least 2 hours for dinner. Lunch time seems to be quicker since there are not many customers. We have witnessed the manager getting into a confrontation with the cook...the manager with the gray balding hair and bright red reading glasses is terrible. The band (that was local residents) was horrible!!! Their family members and neighbors were the only ones cheering. That night we waited at our table for 30+ minutes before we even received our menus. We finally went up to the bar and asked the manager if we could get some service. He was talking with some patrons at the bar and had no clue what was going on in the restaurant. He approached our table (still no menus in hand) and apologized. Then went back to the bar and got side tracked and it took another 10 minutes for a waitress to come to our table with menus. Not sure why we didn't walk out at the point but we thought we would get perfect service from here on out....it didn't happen. It got worse....our drinks and food took way too long!!! The manager never came back to talk to us nor tried to offer any compensations or apologies. I am done with this place!!!
3	Love the location but wish our experience was better, we just come here for the atmosphere and enjoy the company of our friends. Wish they would watch Bar Rescue on the food network and learn. We will return but with my expectations lowered. Fish and Chips where soggy, only two small fillets and saturated in oil, fries where soggy. :(  The 3 taco app. was great! Karaoke was fun on Friday night!!
1	0.0. From the dirty bar to poor slow and dumb service and how they could screw up beer? I have been here every few weeks for a year. Same poor midweek service all the time. Anyway this week I order a beer strike 1 were out, order beer #2 and drink about half. It tastes bad, like sour ice tea. I report to the bar tender who tells me yeah and she had another complaint earlier  . I just say look quit serving it and leave.. I get home and start barfing..bad beer? dirty glass? one of the two.
1	This place has shut down.
1	15 minutes for two lattes!!  The staff finished 3 orders that were behind me before realizing I was waiting for something. You're very lucky that there's not a Starbucks in Verrado.....
