5	Sensory experience and professionalism of the team made this place a haven of peace and a true urban oasis. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to live a moment of rest and relaxation. I would go back anytime!
4	I needed a massage badly since I have accumulated major tension along my entire back and shoulder areas. I wanted to keep it simple since this would be my first time at Ovarium. I've been used to amazing massages in NYC and this would be my first massage in Montreal. The ambiance was really serene and the people who worked there were very helpful. The place was clean and quiet. I met with Monica, where she took me to my private room, tastefully decorated with calming background music. We took 5 min to go over any health issues and she asked me if I have any specific areas that needed specific attention. The massage was so soothing with good pressure. She was very professional and never spoke during the session, which is what I like. There is a small lounge where you can gather yourself after the massage to recompose- you know, grogginess post massage, and have tea or something to drink. I liked it so much I plan to return next week. Hopefully it will be a great experience as the first time.
5	Hands down my favourite spa. Anywhere. I've been a regular client here for the past few years, and the quality and service have been consistently exceptional and exceptionally consistent. Love love love it. I do have to say, though, that while the flotation baths get all the hype (and hey, they ARE great!) the pulsar sessions are what really keep me coming back for more. As to the massages - they have been some of the best I have ever received. The friends I have referred here have been equally happy with their experiences. This applies to both male and female friends ... yes, guys, despite the (somewhat creepy?) name of this place, you will probably love the experience too. I suggest booking the complete trio package later in the evening, since it's so relaxing you will probably want to go to bed right afterwards anyways.Ps. It's about a block away from Metro Beaubien, so it's super convenient to get to.
2	Just spend 20 minutes on the phone waiting for someone to answer, called both numbers, regular and toll-free and yet I couldn't  talk to anybody, I just wanted to make an appointment for a flotation bath.....If this is a foretaste of things to come then I don't want to think what it'll be like when I am actually there
4	Im a self-professed workaholic, internet hoarder, and insomniac! I got a package deal to the Ovarium for my birthday and it was an amazing experience!I got the Pulsar Light, Floatation Bath and then a Massage in that order, and though, I was super skeptical about the Pulsar, that had to be one of the best relaxation time ever! So the glasses were on, the music started playing, and after what seemed like 30 seconds the session was over. In fact I had gone into the deepest mode of relaxation in my life. Apparently it was more like 30 minutes and the attendent couldn't get me to stir, so my bf had to get me up which he said took an additional few minutes to do so! I felt so refreshed after that, it felt like I had rested for hours! Of the 3 I admittedly did not have an easy time in the floatation bath, but I think the experience for me was a bit strange. it took me quite some time to get used to it, and when I finally relaxed enough to let my mind go, I floated to a corner, and got a bit sketched out because my body floated to one side, and not sure if I was asleep or not, but It made me jumpy. After that I was too wound up again to relax.The massage was heaven, I tried to stay conscious through out the massage but I think I was snoring (how embarassing) about 5 minutes into it. I have severe pain in my body due to arthritis and spondylitis, so I found that my body felt so great to have been worked on.The staff was great, they were kind and accommodating.  The prices were really reasonable considering spa packages out there. The place was clean and quiet, tea was served, and you get a receipt for extended med benefits. I felt so pampered! I am looking forward to going there again when my Mom comes to town!
3	The flotation bath is something that kinda freaked me out because of the confined space you are placed in. It was overall a interesting experience not something I would do often. If you are cluster-phobic, this is really not for you.
2	Not only they have bad customer service over the phone..they employees aren't any better...I was helped by a male employe (whose name I don't remember) who treated me as if I was a leper or had a contagious disease. The flotation bath was OK, I can relax in my own bathtub with hot water and Epsom salts ( in the comfort of my own home) and with all the towels I  need. I may not float but I won't be spending a wad of money. I found really crappy that they give you just one towel and nothing to put on the floor after the bath..the floor gets very slippery because the feet are wet with the gooey water...so after the relaxation you may end up falling flat on your tush or even worse, breaking a bone..and in the dark, since the light switch is away from the cabin and cannot be seen...Will I come back to have another "amazing experience" at this spa?......you can guess my answer....
3	Went here about a year ago with a friend for massages, and the floatation bath experience. It was...interesting to say the least. Massages were great and staff were very professional. As for the floating bath.......let's just say it was a one time only sort of experience for me. I got quite bored, and didn't find it all that relaxing. An hour for me was too long - maybe a 30 min option would have been better. However, overall, great spa!
4	One of the best spa that i ever went! Located in montreal,you will not have trouble finding parking since it is not downtown! In my opinion , the massage are very professional and good. The flotation bath is very fun to try but i wasn't totally comfortable sleeping "on the water" The pulsar is a very good way to relax but i found it was way too quick! I wouldn't mind sleeping in that chair for longer :) My only complaint would be that there is no locker. No problem for summer time but when it's winter i do not feel comfortable leaving my winter jacket there and personal belonging. Of course i can bring them with me but i find it very wierd and unpleasant to carry my belonging when i'm paying to come "relax".Overall good experience. I will definitely repeat the massage. i just hope that next time they will put some locker. Cheers! Eric Van Nguyen
2	I booked a massage for both my friend and I at the same time. The receptionist was welcoming, kind and enthusiastic. We made our way to the waiting room...Her therapist arrived on time and mine was 5 minutes late...no big deal until I found out my massage therapist was sick, kept clearing her throat and blew her nose in the middle of my session. After I got over the gross factor, the massage itself was still effective in getting rid of the stress and knots in my back. I had a hard time not focusing on the creaky wood floors as she made her way around me though. When it was over, I met my friend in the lounge area where complimentary tea is provided. Her therapist served her the beverage whereas mine didn't. All in all, not too impressed.
3	Ovarium seemed so mysterious, I'd been dying to go for more than a year now. Well, thanks to a trusty Groupon, the mystery is no more! I had booked a Pulsar, Neurospa and flotation bath, in that order, for a total of 3 hours. First, I should say that it had been a very stressful day, add to that the fact that I was curious and unfamiliar with my surroundings, so I never really relaxed, but that's in no way related to Ovarium. I'm sure if I were to go back, I'd go with the flow a lot more.I was worried about the Pulsar, having bright coloured lights flashing 1 inch in front of my eyes didn't seem fun, until I fell asleep, only to wake up super energized afterwards! The whole thing lasts about 30 minutes, which is ample time to relax and refuel. Afterwards, I was ushered into another section of the spa, for my Neurospa. You are lounging in an oversized chair, which emits deep vibrations to music. The goal is for your whole body to unwind over time. This sounds swell, and it is, but I could never let go of the fact that, ohmygod, I'm in a pram! It's a pram! It's an oversized adult pram, complete with overhead cap that the personnel unfolds over you. I found it all very funny, and the purpose was defeated slightly. In the end, this is a lot more relaxing than the Pulsar, and I was sleepy when my time was up.The bath, as others have described, is egg-shaped but the door opens and closes, and the inside/outside lights up or not depending on your preference and comfort level. It's a whole procedure: you have to shower and wash your hair first, then descend into the egg, and float for a good hour. You can control both the egg's door/light/music from the inside! I chose to go for full silence/darkness, which I don't regret at all! It took me a while to get relaxed; if you're pint-sized like I am, you'll find it's totally easy to rotate in the pod, tour the pod, flip-flop around, and none of that is very meditative. Still, the sensation of floating is great, and the salts make your skin ridiculously smooth afterwards (but very slick during the bath, it's surreal). A soft carillon tells you your time is up, and off you go back into the shower.My main gripe here is with the space itself: after any treatment, you are ushered back into a fairly public waiting area by the door, before being picked up and guided somewhere else, which undermined any relaxation for me. The biggest exemple is after the bath, you've taken your shower and shampooed your hair, aaaand...you have to walk the whole nine yards, and meet the whole waiting area to go and dry it in the vanity room. The staff accompanying you is ever changing, which makes it awkward i think, so you'll start a treatment with one person, and awake to someone new. Eh.  Once again, I think my experience was altered by my own state of mind, so your mileage may vary. Regardless I'd love to be back, mainly for the baths and maybe try the massages..
5	Ask for the sensory deprivation tank! One of the most important tool for developing your mind for thinking and evolving and not to mention relieving serious tension. Your going to learn more about yourself then any other way. Its so fascinating!So the tank is fill w/salt water so you float, the same temperature as your body  so you don't feel it. Its pitch dark, so you cant see anything, or hear anything. Relax, relax relax and let go of your body. Its going to feel like your disappearing. Its like a ride to the center of your consciousness. The first 20 mins or so for me at least its like a aaah seminary on my life. Its shows me all the different issues in my life that i don't like and need to fix and things that are bothering me. Things about my own behaviour that could of been better. Also show things that tell me that I'm on the right track,  like this is gooood...continue here, continue thinking like this, continue explore these ideas. Once it gets the  "me" done. Then you'll start the big picture. You start contemplating the universe lol , and some crazy, crazy deep stuff but without your body in the way. You'll come out feeling lighter, with more oxygen in your body, just complete zen. You'll thank me later :)
