4	Over the past 2 weeks I have been a frequent customer at this particular PetSmart!  I have a new puppy in my house and need lots of treats, dog food and toys!  Of course, Howie, is eating the best dog food around BLUE BUFFALO!  No soy, no gluten, and no corn and best of all no meat by products!!!!!  Yes it is pricey but why wouldn't I want Howie to eat healthy food when I eat healthy food, right?  The toy selection is OK, seriously I know a lot of people don't want to spend money on good toys, but really give me options people!!!  As for the collar and leash selection, HELP!  I have a boy dog and I am a girl-options would be great in this department as well.  Think about it, it is his outfit and he should look fabulous everyday with colors that compliment his coat!  The staff has been great and helpful with little training tricks-nice to have dog lovers work at a pet store.  I would NEVER take Howie into PetSmart as it is just a breeding ground for illness.  Geez, you never know what diseases other animals may bring in.  Not everyone vaccinates their animals or takes care of them the proper way.  Though it is nice to shop with your little 4 legger-they are better left home:)
5	Really like this location because it's conveniently located next to the Dollar Tree and they always have sales on their pet items! After my initial visit, I switched my cats food selection to Blue Buffalo per a cashier's recommendation.  At first I was skeptical looking at the size of the bag & its price tag but as she explained off the top of her head the ingredients and even her own cat's experience with the food, I was sold. Needless to say, I've been coming back ever since to purchase their food and once in awhile, toys. They have a great selection of feather sticks with any and every attachment you could ever think of. Another plus: they're all pretty reasonably priced!
4	Close to me and my  needs for the dog. I didn't care for one of their dog- groomers, but I haven't had to deal with that person again. They have a great training program, and a lot of information for pet owners. Go in on the weekends if you want to check out potential puppies and kittens to adopt. My dog loves to tag along and smell everything.
5	The staff is friendly, knowledgable and available at all times. The consistency of the staff will keep us coming back again and again. We went to Petco recently because we were driving past, and quickly realized we've been spoiled at PetSmart. We won't make that mistake again. We took the beginner and intermediate dog training classes. It was reasonably priced and well worth it! Our puppy loves coming here!!!
5	I have a nine pound cute little furry black and brown pup who absolutely HATES going to the groomers. Lucky for her she's got short hair so she only gets subjected to this every few weeks for a nail trim. I learned long ago that it was way too scary for me to trim them myself, so the wonderfully sweet girls at petsmart take good care of her for me.$9 for a nail trim or $11 for the grinder which is a pretty great deal. You can also walk in and they will do it while you shop. Bonus.Every staff member here is friendly and very obviously loves animals.
4	I love PetSmart!  They always have what I need. Except one day my cat wasn't feeling well and was eating the houseplants so I ran up to PetSmart to get some wheat grass all they had was 2 practically dead ones for 6.99 each. I asked since they are almost dead how much discount. She asked the manager and was only 20%. Well I was a bit desperate so I paid it.  I went to Sprouts and I find much better quality wheat grass there for 1.99.Go to Sprouts for your cats wheat grass.
2	Not at all happy with them.  Took my puppy for grooming and you couldn't tell. Their little printout says she doesn't like water, her head or feet touched.  This puppy swims daily and loves her head rubbed.  I don't know what they did to her but we won't be back.
1	I had an appointment for a month to have someone groom my dog.  When I went in on 12/22/14, she was there, but she gave my dog to someone else.  When someone asks for someone specifically, they should never be given to another groomer.  We have a Goldendoodle.  No dog should not be groomed by someone else if their owner specifically requests a groomer.  I told her not to shave the bridge of his nose, and the bridge of his nose was shaved when he was done.  I found this visit very frustrating, and I will not be returning. If you have any additional questions, please email me at emily.liscom@gmail.com.
