5	Great place to take kids. Plenty of activities, its safe, well surpervised, and a multitude of areas for kids to play in.
5	My 5 & 8 year old children spent 3 hours doing crafts, exploring and playing!   Favorite features were the musical instruments outside, recyclable crafts, black light camping room.  Love the inspirational quotes on the wall.  Price is unbeatable.  Can't wait to go back when the new exhibit opens.  Gift shop prices are very reasonable too!
5	This was our second time here. Our son is 1&1/2 and we have taken our niece and nephew 5&7. All three of them had a great time, there is a great variety of activities for each age group and other general exhibits for all ages. Compared to some other museums in the valley their prices are great and they have multiple trip packs and annual memberships. Great family activity!!!
2	I really didn't think this place was so great.  It was kindof like things that would be in a preschool, in one big place.  Big squishy building blocks, a play kitchen, paper crafts.  We're here for a short time, and I was debating which area children's museum to take my 3 and 4 year old boys to.  We were close to this one so I picked here.It's ok, maybe for wee little kids, that aren't in preschool yet.  The current exhibit installation was about travel.  It was cheap, $7 per person over the age of 1, but I'd rather pay a little more and have more to do.  My house is filled with toys and paper scraps and junk to make macaroni necklaces, I was expecting this to have something that would spark their little minds more.
4	My yoga instructor quoted Albert Einstein in class today and it really resonated with me:"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." This got me thinking about the incredible imagination my son has... (and hopefully my daughter will have as well); I plan on encouraging both of their imaginations as they grow up by doing things like visiting the IDEA Museum!I first heard about the IDEA Museum from a mommy friend a few months ago.  I didn't know at the time that this was formerly the Arizona Museum for Youth.  They changed the name and had a grand reopening in February of this year.We probably would have gone to check it out sooner if they were located closer to us and/or had earlier hours on Sundays.  (They don't open until 12:00 on Sundays).  Both my kids nap daily at 1pm, so that doesn't work so well!  But on Saturday, with no major plans for the day, we woke up and I decided that we'd all head to the IDEA Museum.  They open at 9 on Saturdays and we arrived closer to 9:30.  From the moment we walked up, I knew the kids would love it...It's a colorful building with a private parking lot and some fun, interactive musical instruments on the way in.  The $8 per person over one daily fee is worth it... there is so much to do for the kids!  We didn't get through it all, but my 1 and 2 year olds loved the play area, the light bright wall, the building blocks, the performance theater area, the puppets, the kitchen, and the books throughout.  We also visited the current travel exhibit, which was really fun and educational.  The IDEA Museum's mission is "to encourage visitors to experience their world differently through art, creativity and imagination."  I'd say they are succeeding at their mission for sure - we loved our visit and plan on returning; it really was a fabulous family activity.  I just wish they opened earlier on Sundays!
3	This is a cool place that you can bring your kids to in the heat. My toddler had a great time the first time we went and we ended up buying a membership. The 0-4 play area called ARTVille is a little small and there is a padded area with foam blocks (good) in the middle and several enclosures - an enclosure with a mock kitchen (nice!), an enclosure with two chairs and some wood bead mazes (useless!), and an enclosure with a cat condo shaped like a tree on the wall (what is this??). The infant enclosure with some foam padding and a few toys seems a bit silly - nothing that cannot be done at home. Not to mention there is always one kid in there taller than the board says is allowed in the area. We haven't done the art station where they have a theme or activity everyday since my toddler is too young to not eat the paint and glue. There is one could-be-fun enclosure with a makeshift stage for the littles to pretend perform. The musical instruments have been missing every time I went, just a couple drumsticks to prove they were there once upon a time,  and the glittery robes to wear are always on the floor. There is one small corridor with a puppet theater and puppets. And my favorite - a room with puzzles, legos, blocks, and other building stuff. The whole set up is meant to encourage open ended play and that is the reason we go as often as we do, even though the space is small and could be more creatively set up.However. It seems absurd to charge adults an entry fee to a place that wouldn't excite anyone over 3. WHY do adults have to pay exactly? Are they afraid an adult might have too much fun with foam blocks and paint brushes? Not even like a half price, the full 8 dollars. For the privilege of having my husband bring our toddler occasionally (so one of two adults with a toddler) I had to buy a 4 person membership. The pricing lacks any thoughtfulness, although overall the cost doesn't seem like a bad deal. The marketing material seems geared toward making grandparents cough up the money. Another problem with this whole thing I see is that everything is managed by volunteers. The volunteers do a great job straightening things up and putting things back in place (wish the parents insisted on kids cleaning up after themselves) but I really think they should have a couple full time staff there. This certainly wouldn't be acceptable for a for-profit business. Also the hours leave much to be desired. Only four hours on Sunday, not to mention one of the four Sundays every month will be super crowded thanks to free Target day. Members get a whole hour extra once a month, ONE whole hour starting at 8 am when most toddlers would have just woken up. I would have thought at least members would get Sunday morning exclusive on free Target day. Idea Museum, if you are listening, that is a suggestion.
3	Why wouldn't a facility like this politely ask parents to make sure their children pick up a little bit or return toys so that others can play  with them?  The volunteers seem a little overmatched by the hordes of kids.  My daughter had fun despite the chaos but we will try to go back on a day that is not as crowded just for my own sanity (forgot they have a thing called October break here that this Midwestern mom has never heard of).  If the place operates the way it's setup on a less busy day it should rate 5 stars easy.  I'll keep you updated.
5	Love this place! I've been here 3x in the past 5 days! My 3.5yr old and 2yr old love it! At first I couldn't understand the price being $8 for adults but realistically to maintain a place like this, you have to charge everyone. With all the deals out there (groupon, memberships, pogo pass, etc) asking $8 for adults isn't a lot. We purchased the membership for 4 and I think it's well worth it! It's a great place to visit on a rainy day, hot day, mosquito days, any day!It's clean, safe, and full of a variety of things to do for young children! I like the variety because it's not like we have this much variety at home!
4	This came as a recommendation from a friend, whose wife has contributed to the artwork at the center.  I was very impressed, it was small but they packed in the hands on activity.  My daughter wasn't able to do everything in our visit and I'm sure we will be back soon to do more activites.  She had a good time and it was a bit of a trip for us from Peoria, we did have fun and have referred a few friends to the center already.
5	I took my 4 and 6 yo daughters to IDEA today. They spent the entire day there, a couple hours in the child play area, then several hours learning about bugs in the bug exhibit. The museum definitely kept their interest; from making a farm garden plot in the play area, creating crafts, doing the "bee wriggle dance" in bee costumes, putting on a bug themed puppet show, to looking at a slew of preserved bug specimens, the museum offered much more than we could have anticipated. We would not hesitate to go again and will be recommending IDEA to all of our friends with kids.
