1	I was referred to Doctors office @ 3150 Tenaya Way Suite 550 for a hernia consultation March 11, 2013. All went well on that visit; I had to be cleared for surgery so off to get clearance I went. They helped me find a primary care doctor in the same facility, since the office that had referred me originally was a filthy mess. I got in within a couple of days, they did some blood test and my EKG was erratic so I had to go to a cardiologist. I was seen by the cardiologist on March 20th 2013, he cleared me for surgery, and sent the supporting documents to Dr. Citros office. I called the new GP's office to make sure that they had sent clearance for surgery and was told that it was done. Today April 16th 2013 I called the staff at Dr. Citros office to find out why I had not been notified as to when we could schedule the surgery, since it had been 36 days since I was in their office and 21 days since they had received clearance for surgery. I was told by the staff that I had not been cleared for surgery. I said that's strange I have been cleared by both the GP and the Cardiologist. I asked the lady when the non clearance was sent to them, she told me March 15th. I asked by whom, she told me the original physician that had referred me to their office to begin with (it was a disgusting filthy office). The exact reason they referred me to another GP to get cleared for surgery. Conclusion : this office asked for clearance from a doctor they new I wasn't ever going to see again, then put the blame on me instead of apologizing and owning up to their mistake, the lady even read to me the cardiac clearance dated March 20th 2013. So now that I question their ability to communicate any information to their patient let alone communicate accurate information, the good doctor, or so I was told by Cruella Deville (the office manager?), has chosen to not assist me in my surgery at all. God forbid you ask any questions and get clarity on a surgery. The attitude was we never do any thing wrong and it's the patient's responsibility to follow up to get his surgery.  The office staff is incompetent demeaning and outright incapable.    DON'T"T GO THERE FOR ANYTHING... I have a message in for the Doctor we will see if he has any sense of accountability. (I waited to post to see if the doctor would call, HE DIDN'T"T I guess incompetence breeds incompetence)ONCE AGAIN THIS DOCTORS OFFICE HAD ALL DOCUMENTATION AND CLEARANCES THAT THEY REQUESTED I HAVE BY MARCH 25TH 2013. I CALL THEM YESTERDAY April 16th 2013 TO FIND OUT WHY THEY HAVE NOT CONTACTED ME TO SET UP THE SURGERY. THERE RESPONSE IS "IT'S YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO FOLLOW UP ON YOUR SURGERY, NOT OURS".  When did specialists become self serve? Maybe I need to get a bed, some lights, and a scalpel and perform the operation myself.Thank You, I hope this helps somebody.
2	No bedside manners. He's arrogant and misdiagnosed me. I should have known when the office had no patients
1	I was seen by Dr. Citro who billed me $150 for a consultation.  I was told by the office that I was in- network and Dr. Citro proceeded to give me a consultation and recommended a procedure.  The day before the procedure, they called me to say that they were informed that I was out of network and that they could not perform the procedure or even see me.  My $150 was not put towards my yearly out of pocket expenses, the consultation was essentially meaningless since I would need to go to a new doctor and start all over.  The office lied when they said that they were initially told that I was in network.  Long story short, they claim that a temporary employee lied and that there was nothing that they could do.  Although, they have no problem keeping the money that I paid or giving me attitude.  They accept no accountability for a person that they employed and that clearly lied.  I can only assume that the doctor hires a low quality level of employees.  I would highly recommend that people avoid using him at all costs.
