3	So I started getting a cold yesterday and wanted some more soup it was late already 8pm so hunny went off on the search for soup since it was Mothers Day n' all. He ended up at Manuels dont ask me why!! Our white neighbor loves eating here, he had heard from somewhere or someone that they had the best albondiga (meatball) soup?! Well it was wayyy tooo salty other than that it was ok kinda spicey not too hot though. I don't eat meat but the kid liked the meatballs it looked like they had rice in them anh herbs too who'd a thunk. Chips were a tad too greasy and the salsa wasn't too bad good heat, beans were good rice was alright. If it is necessary and in a pinch again I'd go again but prob not.
3	They have kids eat free on Wednesday. So if the wife is hungry for a bean and cheese enchilada style, we go here. It is good, salsa, food, atmosphere etc. Not the best of anything but good. Pollo Fundito is one of my standbys
4	Great service here! A lot cleaner than your usual mexican rest. Big bar area and large dinning area as well.  Great location, away from all normal trendy stuff. Get there and enjoy.
5	Besat salsa around! Hands down. Always consistant. Try the mexican pizza ornachos......i prefer them both meatless; even better.
4	Always a good time eating here. The service is good, the chips and salsa are great and the food is excellently consistent.
5	Not being a big fan of chain restaurants, I wasnt super excited to eat here last night. I was however, starving and craving mexican food and wanting to try somewhere new so we ended up at Manuel's. OMG I loved it! The salsa's (especially the hot!) the chips, the cheese crisp with green chiles and onions, and most of all: the chilaquiles!! I LOVE chilaquiles so much and had mostly seen them only served at breakfast until I opened up Manuel's menu and there they were, just how I like them! SO good I wouldve licked the dish they were served in if I wasnt so full afterwards!JD had a rolled quesadilla that was fantastic too and we both needed to be rolled out of there when we finished eating. It was so good though that I'm craving it again today. We will definitely be back!
2	I hadn't been to Manuel's in years and remembered it as being decent.  I went recently and the service was poor, the food was cold and bland.  I will not go back.
4	Good chips and salsa, excellent service.  Friendly folks who greet you well and say good-bye when you leave.  MY staff love this place and I gave them gift cards for Xmas from here so they could go to lunch and talk about the boss!Food is good but not great.  Not high-end Mexican but decent ingredients put together with care.  I highly recommend asking about their specials.  They are thinking about what they prepare and have some excellent dishes they have created themselves.  The spicy roast pork is very good - as an example.Parking can be tough at peak hours.  I had to use the street last night and the place was absolutely packed.  Large lot but at peak hours...Very good value.  You will leave knowing you have eaten something!Decor is basic Mexican restaurant but comfortable.
4	A family-owned restaurant that has managed  to expand throughout the Valley over the last 46 years is impressive, but what's more impressive is the fact that what they serve and how the serve it is what has made Manuel's last this long.  My family has been eating at Manuel's for many years, and we've never had a bad experience.  The staff is always very friendly -- like family, almost -- and the food is dependably good. You can't go wrong with their menu, and the prices are just right.  They've also got a great lunch menu, with even better prices, and some great drink deals.  So, if you're looking for a family-friendly, good meal at a good price, definitely give Manuel's a try.
4	Our family was looking for another Mexican restaurant last night and couldn't find it when we stumbled upon Manuels. The place was packed, which is usually a good sign. The hostesses seemed a little confused and disoriented, but after we finally got seated, the service was excellent and the food was fabulous. I grew up in New Mexico and Arizona and I think this restaurant has very authentic southwestern flair mexican food. We will go back.
2	For what it is...meh it's okay.  Food is edible and will get you full for sure.  I'm not all into the decor - tad bit tacky, but I whatever floats your boat.  Service was lacking granted I understand lunch rushes, but seriously you don't have to ask if I need a refill 10 times when my glass is still half full - where's my tamales anyways!  I guess if you're really craving for some Mexican food it'll do the job just fine.
5	This has been my favorite Mexican place for years!!! If you love margarita's this is your place. Now lets talk about their food. My favorite is their green corn tamales. They treat you like your family
5	Really great food. Guac was whipped awsomeness little pricey. Chicken on taco salad was steller. Yet my spinich enchaladas were blah. Service was really good.
4	Consistent service... Very friendly staff. A great place to catch a cerveza, margarita and watch a game... Or a full on meal. The enchiladas are my favorite... Chips & salsa very good... Margaritas I get with patron... That's a plus:-) pretty standard fare... Could use a bit of unique to the menu... But I still love Manuels:-)
5	awsome food !! would recommend it to anyone!
5	Our favorite. Great food and excellent service.
3	The pollo especial may be the absolute worst Mexican dish that I have tasted, ever.  The fajitas are the only thing worth eating at this place, everything else I have tried has been extra salty and bland.
3	Some friends invited us out for dinner and suggested this place. They recommended the house Margarita's. Our party was for 4 and we all wanted one so we decided to get a pitcher... this wasn't a good idea as it turns out. The pitcher didn't save us any money at all which we all found strange - next time we'll just get our own glass I guess. The Margarita's were good though.The food was good but the service was so-so...our friends said the service is usually much better and that the waitress may be new since they had never seen her before (we sat on the bar side). I won't really hold the slow service against them too much right now.So based on my first experience I'll give them 3-Stars; however, we will go again and possibly revise to 4-Star based on the feedback from friends.
4	The rolled chicken quesidlia is epic good, almost too much to eat in one setting.
5	Great atmoshere four lunch. Chips were fresh. 2 salsasto choose from, mild and hot. The hot is about a 6 out of 10, not too bad. Both are really good. I got teh chicken taco and cheese enchilada. Potion were very nice! Refreid beanswere some of the best I've ever had. $12 lunch, service was great.
3	luckily we got there in time for happy hour and to make this review 3 stars vs 2.  i ordered the street tacos from the happy hour menu and it was $4 for 4 tacos.  they tasted ok.  beers were $3 and margaritas were $2 off.  it was ok.
5	Absolutely our fave place to go for Mexican food. Out of all the mexican restaurants we have eaten at, their salsa is THE BEST (love the hot and the mild). We have eaten there 30+ times and have only had bad service a few times. Cant go wrong here!
4	Consistently good food and service..Good food and service.
5	My absolute FAVORITE place for Mexican food!!!  We eat here so much I feel like family =)  My daughter always orders the Beef Taquitos and usually can't finish them.  My favorite is the #6-Chilequiles, a Mexican cassarole made with layers of tortilla chips, pulled chicken, green chiles, onions, green sauce and sour cream......making you drool yet???  It SO DANG GOOD!!!  Its inexpensive and filling...my daughter and I share and barely can finish.  Chips and salsa are fresh and yummy.
5	Good food and I love the fried ice cream
4	I've always come here during lunch & can't seem to deviate from the al-la-carte beef taco & sharing an extra crispy quesadilla... what can I say? I like it *that* much* My friends have had more the variety, we all greatly like the food. Chips & salsa are pretty yummers!
5	Love this place. Hard to find really good Mexican food and was so glad to happen upon this place. Will go back for more!!! No complaints at all...
4	Very good service, family restaraunt so if you want quiet ask to sit away from the family's like we did.  Had pitron margaritas for $9.25.  Good but not as good as Jimmy Buffets Margaritaville.  Shared the enchilada trio and the street tacos.  All very good.  Unlimited nacho chips with two types of salsa.  Also very good and attentive staff.
5	Very good food, unlike most of the Mexican food in the area.  Tastes like someone took the time to cook.  Clean restrooms as well.
5	I have been going to manuels for 5 years now.  The atmosphere is great.  I recommend the green chili chimichanga.  Everything that I have tried there has been wonderful.
4	Good food, great service. Lunchtime deal is a bargain, and you still get all the yummy, crispy homemade chips and salsa you can eat.GGGGOOOOAAAAALLLLLL
4	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants. They have the best chips and salsa, and usually good service. I love the machaca burrito, espinaca style. Also the chicken fajitas.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE everything I've ever eaten here!  My fav is the Albondigas, but everything else is GREATNESS too!
3	I know a lot of people like this but It just seems like regular Mexican food to me.  I have tried several things and nothing has been anything but okay.
4	This was our first time here.  We have come by several times but it's always been packed, and we went elsewhere.  This time we picked a Sunday at 5:00PM, and just beat the rush.We were greeted quickly and seated, and our server was excellent!  The chips and salsa were very good, the mild had some bite to it.  I had the Pollo Especial, which was one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten.  My wife had a chimi, which was also excellent.I rated them 4 stars because it was our first visit...we will be back and am anticipating another excellent meal and an upgrade to 5.
4	I like it. Chimi & Margaritas.  Winner!
4	I've never had bad service or had an item on the menu that I didn't enjoy. One of my favorite restaurants to go to for dinner or lunch!
4	I have always loved Manuel's but never reviewed it before. We have always had a great time with excellent margaritas. The food is good I have probably tried most everything on the menu and would recommend ... The Pollo Especial, the spinach enchiladas and the cheese crisps are great with chips and salsa when you just want to drink, chat and munch.
5	We are the 1st customers at the new re-modeled bar and it is amazing!  WOW!  New tvs, new bar new everything. It's awesome!!!!!!
5	Back at my one of my favorite bar/restaurants and with the new renovations it's better than ever!!! The new setup and amazing TVs...WOW! And happy to have my bartender Mida back!! Love her, she makes every experience a great one!
5	Fast service, good salsa, great food, family owned. Can be a bit pricy, fed 3 people for $43 including tip so not unreasonable.
4	Charlotte was that waitress who you remember, as a kid, was liked by mom, dad, and even your brothers/sisters, too!  She had a 6-table station rocking, and didn't miss a beat with my daughter (hand-made chocolate milk), son (half lemonade, half H20, soda topper), & me (monster beer) while keeping the hot chips and flavorful salsa coming.  Daughter's Chicken Strips, oddly enough, are by far the best tasting, highest quality, great portioned meal (along with generous helping of steak fries) in any restaurant, MExican or otherwise.  Son's taco combo and my own salad both absolutely solid in their selection.This was our second straight great experience at Manuel's on Bell Rd.  They also have cheap Dos Equis (everyday!) and frequent F&B specials, they stretch my $ a bit, so I can see returning again soon.
4	I LOVE MANUELS! The only reason I give 4 out of 5 stars is the salsa. Everything else in this place is super authentic and delicious but the salsa tastes as if it comes from a can. (that definitely does not stop me from finishing the whole bowl though!) Crystal is one of the best waitresses I have ever had the pleasure of being served by. She is so polite and attentive and she remembers my boyfriend and I everytime we go in (yes we are regulars). When she serves us, we dont even need to say a word and she knows exactly what we want! The beef tacos are delicous, super greasy just the way I like them. The rice and beans are great as well. My boyfriend always gets the pollo especial and he can never seem to finish it because of the richness of all the cheese! (Im not complaining though because I love it!) The margaritas are strong and tasty (I love the strawberry marg frozen with sugar). Dos Equis beers are on special every day which is also nice. Super authentic environment, family oriented, and just a great place to relax and sip on margaritas!
3	I have a love hate relationship with this place!  We meet there every 2nd Saturday .. some weeks I have great service and they are sooo accomodating and friendly.. other weeks I feel like I'm imposing by giving them my business... Today's meeting was a love one....
2	Good chips and salsa is about all the positive I have to say about Manuel's on this visit.  The food quality was lacking - oversalted and grisley steak, greasy quesadilla my daughter rung out before eating and wilted lettuce strewn about the plates.  All of the prices are REALLY high for the quality of the food and it seems like there are NO more affordable options.  Even the kids menu is high ($5.50 plus extra for juice) and their emphatic NO SUBSTITUTIONS is frustrating.  The happy hour menu looks more promising but for a Family, it's a NO THANK YOU.  Sadly we won't be back to Manuel's any time soon.
4	The chips and salsa are really good and the fish tacos are amazing!! I only have it four stars because one night we went and it smelled like something was burning in the kitchen and it was quite unpleasant, but every other time has been great!
3	The re-done bar looks great! Havin' some bday margs!
3	Enjoyed our first visit for the most part. Food was good, but service was mediocre at best. Started pretty strong and then really tanked. Had to find a different server to help settle our bill.
3	Enjoyed my lunch here.  Friendly staff.  Had the steak burrito - it was decent.  Very friendly bartender and staff.  Place was more of a bar that also had a kitchen than a restaurant with a bar.  I would come here for drinks with friends and likely eat somewhere else.  Food was definitely not California Mexican - meaning Manuel does not use the quality fresh healthy ingredients you get from California Mexican fusion.  This is more Mexican - refried, lots of cheese, and too many fried choices.  It all comes out looking gray and cheesy.  Three stars because the margarita was very good.
5	I only come here for Happy Hour...Then again every hour is happy hour..lol Seriously thought they have the BEST carne asada around in the valley. And ive had my share of carne asada...I am mexican. Street tacos which are mini tacos...Only $4 during happy hour...Carnitas are amazing as well. Margaritas are decent but even for Happy Hour $5 is kinda high...Service is great. Last time they failed to send a waiter or waitress to me...I complained and the manager apologized and gave me %50 off. Was not expecting that but i'll take it!
5	I love Manuel's!! My family and I have been coming here for years. I've now turned my boyfriend onto them too! We always go on a Monday or Tuesday when they have the beef taco and cheese enchilada on special for $6.99 and the house margaritas are only $4.00. The food is consistently good and so is the service.
4	Very good Mexican food. The chips were way better years ago when they were flour.  But they are still not bad today. We went through 4-5 bowls of chips for 4 people. Prices are a little high for Mexican food, thus -1 star.  Service is better than average here. I got a make my own combo so I could get a taco and an enchilada.Albondigas soup is superb!
5	Hands down this is our go to Mexican restaurant in North Phoenix.  I highly recommend getting the "Fiesta Platter" which is a combo of all sorts of great stuff.  Chips and salsa are great, and they usually have some sort of drink special like $2.50 Corona's all summer long.  Whether you want to eat in the restaurant, or have some drinks with friends in the Cantina, it's a great atmosphere.  Staff is always friendly, and when something isn't right, they do go out of their way to make it right, from lower staff to management.  All around fantastic place that will remain in business for many years due to their quality and friendliness.
5	Great happy hour! The chalupas were huge and delish. Their carnitas street tacos were succulent and flavorful.  Service was impeccable as well.
4	I grew up eating here so i really like it and the atmosphere is cozy I really like it.
4	We frequent Manuel's a couple of times a month. I think it warrants 3.5 stars but since we go often I'm going to bump it up rather than down.I prefer sitting at the bar or "Cantina" area of Manuel's.  The couple of times we sat in the dining room the service was not really up to par.  Each time in the dining room, our server went missing and our food took a very long time.  Bad luck maybe... The food is usually pretty good and I am very critical of my mexican food!  My BF and I often share the fajitas for two.  We get a chicken/steak combo and request our veggies grilled with EVOO for a heart healthier version.  It's a ton of food and we each get our own side of beans, guac, sour, etc... I always have leftovers.  A few times when I've felt indulgent, I've also enjoyed the Tres Amigos Enchiladas.  YUM! It's a enchilada trio (carne asada meat, chicken, spinach or cheese).  It's delicious.I'm not really a fan of the Chicken Taco Salad.  I've only had it once and that was when I popped in for a quick lunch.  First, they serve the taco shell bowl on a very small plate so you can break the shell and mix up your salad.  That annoyed me and I had to request a larger plate.  On this visit, the chicken was dry and the guac was slightly brown.  It just didn't look appetizing at all.  I left hungry and $10 poorer.         The salsa is also very fresh and flavorful.  They serve a "medium" and "hot" version.  I like to combine the two for a custom salsa.
4	I was actually really impressed today. The chips were nice and crispy. The cheese enchilada was AMAZING. I know what you're thinking. How can you mess up a cheese enchilada? Well, having had some pretty mediocre ones lately, this one really stands out. The sauce was nice and tangy and the cheese was ooey gooey melted perfection. Had a pretty decent margarita too. I sat at the bar during lunch and the service was great and fast. Now, why is it whenever they say the plate is really hot, the first thing I do is grab it? Muy caliente! I highly recommend this place.
5	I love Manuel's. I know that every time I got to Manuel's I'm going to have a good experience. I think they have the best cheese enchiladas. Hands down. Their chimichangas are so good too. I like how they have several locations throughout the Valley and the food is always consistant. I've always had great service at Manuel's. The prices are reasonable too. I've been a customer for years and that won't be changing anytime soon!
1	First bad review I've ever had to give Manuel's and it hurts my heart! I ordered 2 portions of albondigas over the phone for a to go order as I just had surgery. Both portions were broth & veggies, NO meatballs at all! My nephew called to let them know & to get some & the woman who answered the phone ARGUED that there were meatballs in it! Really? Can u show me, cuz I know what a meatball looks like & I sure don't see any!The broth & veggies is very tasty, but would be so much better with meatballs & I am just so upset that the woman argued with my nephew, that's terrible TERRIBLE customer service!
5	Great customer service and EXCELLENT real authentic Mexican food! I had the cheese enchilada with rice and beans and my husband loved his pollo especial dish, both were very delicious. Our waitress was sweet and very attentive to our table. The owner even came over and introduced himself to us, realizing this was our first time at his restaurant. He gave us a $10 coupon to come back and use on our next visit. This is something I really value and appreciate because you just don't find good quality customer service these days. My husband and I are new to the area and we will definitely be coming back to this place. Prices we're more than reasonable and they even sent us home with extra chips and salsa at NO charge!
4	First timer on suggestion from customer. The tortilla chips were very nice and crispy and salsa was great. The chips did not have the old oil taste that some places serve. We ordered the cheese crisp which is sort of like an open faced quesadilla. Wow, with the salsa, it was great with the cheese stretching like some of the good pizzas. I ordered the lunch special flauta with chicken. It was only one but it was very filling with the rice and beans.
5	First time at Manuel's and it was great. Our family sat outside on patio with misters creating comfortable atmosphere. Drinks and service was great.
3	The food was great; first bowl of chips were stale but the second was fresh so I was wondering. My boyfriend & I shared some chicken fajitas and they were delicious. Our waitress was nice however was a little slow on drink refills... Took us 20 min after we were finished eating that she finally brought the tab. The people at the front weren't very friendly she never greeted us all she said was "give me a few mins to seat you" lol very weird. I only gave 3 stars because the food was pretty good.
1	Disgusting!!!! If I wanted reheated food I would have got a TV dinner for cheaper. My beans were burnt around the edges and you couldn't pick up the bowl it was so hot. Also our "waiter" waited on us twice to take our order and get payment. We waited 15min for him just to bring the check.
4	I must admit I LOVE Manuel's! The food is always excellent and the service is just as good. I really like the Happy Hour here, I promise, you can't go wrong with the House Margarita or the Sangria and those cheap Taquitos! Yummerz!!! The beef enchiladas are moist and delicious. Last time I was here my sister even ordered the Sopaipillas and I almost went to fat heaven! For those of you who don't know; Sopaipillas are these little soft pillow donuts sprinkled with powdered sugar and can be dipped in or drizzled with a honey syrup. To die for and if you eat enough you most certainly will die of diabetes or some other fat related disease. Don't fill up on the warm chips and salsas because you'll still want to stuff yourself even when the food comes out. I'm here at least once a month to meet up with my cousin and I look forward to a good experience every time!
5	We loved it! Great service, great prices, clean and yummy food! Love the chips and salsa!!
5	THE best salsa I've had in a while and great, crispy chips.  Our waitress, Laurie, was attentive and food arrived hot and fast.  I had the Chicken Pibil Tacos (in honor of the Taco Festival in Scottsdale this weekend) and loved them.  A focus of Manuel's seems to be on customer service and it shows.  Great place for lunch-will be trying out the dinner menu soon.
4	Growing up, my family and I would eat at Manuel's all the time after church.  I have always been a fan of their salsa, and especially their beans.  The beans at a mexican restaurant are the main factor that determines whether or not I will return.  I am somewhat of a bean expert.  Manuel's beans pass muster.  I am also a big fan of their frozen margaritas.  Unlike some other mexican restaurants, you can actually tell that they put tequila in the margarita.  The lime flavor doesn't taste fake.   I worked at Manuel's for a semester in college, and I still enjoy their food and drinks.
4	=====================  REVISITED 12/12/13 =====================Came here last night after our weekly Thursday night meeting with two other people and my wife. It's obviously a popular place, it was quite busy. I've eaten in countless Mexican restaurants . Arizona definitely has some of the best Mexican food and Manuel's is one of the best. Everything people ordered was terrific. The salsa is  freakin' awesome! The flavors, textures, and spices of this salsa are unmatched by any other. I could eat their chips and salsa all day long I'm addicted to it. The chips were fresh & hot. The best part is they brought you as many bowls of them as we wanted..PORTIONS: Are plentiful. You won't leave here hungry that's for sure.FOOD: OMG the food is so fabulous this has become my favorite place to eat Mexican food. My experiences with Manuel's are simply top notch and it is for this reason when I crave Mexican food  it has grown to become one of my favorite places to eat. The food is always hot, fresh, and tasty. SERVICE:Always great service.  Staff here is always upbeat pleasant, attentive , friendly &  professional. PRICE: The price IS very reasonable. AMBIANCE: Nicely decorated. Family friendly & great for dinner with friends or business associated. CONCLUSION:  RETURN FACTOR 50-50....%.       ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
1	This place really isn't worth one star but since that's the lowest option I have...I have been here twice and really didn't enjoy the first trip.  I enjoyed tonight's visit even less.  We only came here to eat because our favorite restaurant was so packed we couldn't even find a parking spot.  I ordered a cheese crisp with chicken on it.  It took over a half hour to get our food.  We sat there and waited and waited.  Our waitress at one point said our food should be up soon and then we didn't see her for another 15 minutes.  When my food arrived it was cold.  Not wanting to wait another half hour for a replacement meal I scraped all the cold chicken (half of which looked disgusting, btw) off the cheese crisp and just ate the cold cheese/tortilla.  My mom's cheese enchilada wasn't cooked either.  The cheese wasn't even remotely melted.Our waitress took another 15 minutes to bring our bill and asked if we needed boxes.  We said no.  Another 5 minutes went by and she came back to get the card.  By this time I was irritated.  She obviously had too many tables and couldn't keep up with her workload.  When she finally came back with our card she asked again if we wanted boxes.  I finally told her that she should tell the people in the kitchen our food had come out cold.  She apologized but after the excessive delays and the cold food, it's just not enough to make me want to eat here again.  The only good thing I can say is the chips were good.
1	Average mexican food.  EXPENSIVE, just look at the prices on the menu.  $15 for fajitas?  I don't think the quality and experience are worth it.
5	I came here on my lunch hour weary of whether I would be able to get in and out in time to get back to work. I let the server know of my intentions and he promised he could make it happen. Tortilla chips were hot and fresh. I kept it simple with a bean and cheese burrito but it definitely hit the spot. The staff was friendly and quick. As I was leaving, I noticed the patio area was neatly decorated and looked like a nice place to come one weekend night to enjoy a margarita. I would definitely recommend for a casual dinner location!
3	A-OK, but on the expensive side.  I did get the 8.99 nachos with shredded beef and they were awesome!  Huge.  Should not have polished off the entire plate, but couldn't help mystelf!  Better as an appetizer for 2 or more.Was talking to a fellow customer next to me and he agreed that they are expensive and other Mexican restaurants are just as good and cheaper.
5	I love this place. My family has been coming here for years and the food is awesome. The owners are extremely nice and the staff is always on top of their tables. Get the Margiritta in fact get two.
5	I always go for Happy Hour...then again every hour is every hour ...lol seriously though they have one of the best carne asada in the Valley. Juicy, tender, and not fatty at all. And ive had my share of carne asada. I am mexican. You will not be disappointed. Street tacos which are mini tacos. You get 4 for only $4!! at happy hour time...Margaritas are decent..Carnitas are amazing as well. Best place for tacos for me. **Update- I continue to come here. Never disappoints. I noticed prices went down on a few items. Like there carna asada plate. use to be $17! Now its $12 i believe and you get more food with it. Thats a huge plus. Was just there a couple days ago. Margaritas are always tasty. On the rocks please! Love Manuel's!
5	I have been going to this restaurant with my dad since I was a little girl. This place has a special place in my heart for that reason. Their food is so delicious and service is always great. Will keep coming back forever!
5	Love to come here for lunch and order the taco salad with Chicken. Came with our son today and his lunch was free. Great atmosphere as well.
4	Not bad. Nice decor friendly service.  Tamale was very good.   Fried icecream was excellent. So good.   Ive has a lot worse mexican and alot better.  But all in all not bad.  Reasonably priced.  I would go back
4	Manuel's is our standby Mexican food restaurant in the Valley, due to its reasonable prices, friendly service, and consistently good food. Over the course of 8 or so years, we've gone to Manuel's and never gone away wishing we had gone somewhere else.The portion sizes are great for the price. And the chips & salsa they bring when you're seated is quite good. You would think that would be easy, but so many Mexican restaurants bring you watered down salsa for you to dip their greasy chips in. Not here!
2	This place is ok. The food is decent besides the overpriced fajitas that had overcooked meat. The main issue is the terrible service. They argue with you on where you sit and had to ask my waitress to stop grabbing with the hostess to do her job. I am currently trying it again and the waitress is exceptionally impatient and seems to not want to be here at all. The only good experience has been the first time we came here and the manager was fantastic and so was the server. How that has seemed to change. The night crew here is terrible.
5	I chose this restaurant based on fellow yelp reviewers. My friend missed Mexican food he used to eat in San Diego, so I looked around and trying to find the closest I can find to what he is used to in San Diego.I liked the decoration inside the restaurant and patio looked very inviting.  Waiter was friendly and took our order right away.  Salsa was very tasty.  We ended up eating two bowls of them with chips.  We ordered shrimp picante, seafood enchilada, fish tacos. All were good, cannot decided which was my favorite.  For desert, we had fried ice cream (free for a birthday boy), flan, and apple pie on hot skillet.  Everything was so tasty, price was reasonable, great atmosphere, good service.  I will definitely come back again when I want to eat good Mexican food.
5	I had a great meal at Manuel's!  I ordered their three amigos enchiladas.  This was a great way to try three different enchiladas.  My friends and I went their after and event.  We ate, drank and hung out for hours (while drinking).  The staff was very welcoming and friendly!  Would go back here in a heart beat!
5	Our waiter Gino was wonderful. The salsa was the best I've ever had and the patio seething was just lovely. If you can, go here!!!
3	Not bad for chain-restaurant type Mexican.  Portions are big.  Service was good.  I'd come back
3	The food was great, well all but the flour tortillas, I've got copier paper thicker than these things. Awesome spinach cheese dip, highly recommended, but request regular tortilla chips with it. Service started off pretty good but then she was to busy flirting with an ex employee to tend to her tables. Wasn't extremely bad but shouldn't be happening as much as it was. Alma, the table busser, seemed to be the hardest worker and was the only one not hanging out with the former employee. Would have been 5 star had it not been for this.
1	Omg!!! I can't believe this place, I move to phoenix a year ago and for this past year my husband and I have past by but never went in until today.  We went for a late lunch date and jjjjjesus crist! By far the worse!  First it was kinda empty and we waited 10-15min just to be seated. My husband asked for a glass of water and the girl who sat us simply said " oh I'm not your waiter" so ok fine he could wait to take his meds no problem. We sat there for another 15min with no drinks and no attention. While the waiter was flirting and talking with the hosts. Finally we call him and he was upset we took him from his unofficial break I guess, he took our orders, and brought the food and drinks almost at the same time. We had no utensils and I notion to the waiter so he could come and bring us some but he simply motioned me back to wait. So my husband got up and took some utensils from a near by table the reason we waited thru the bad service was because some of our friends recommended. We start eating his food was cold it seems like it had been ready for a while but our waiter simply left it there, until he felt like bringing it to us. We never got a refill, the food wasn't as good since we tried it almost cold, and well the service was horrible. We told our friends they said "oh yeah we forgot to tell you NOT to try that one." That they had experience similar service experience on this location. As of today I do not plan to try the other place any time soon because of this experience and will NOT be back here!  Not worth the $56 we paid and yes I didn't leave a tip.
1	First off let me say I have eaten Mexican food in many places Mexico, Arizona, Unfortunately California, New Mexico, TEXAS, Budapest Hungry,  Bosnia and throughout the rest of the USA.How difficult is it to use a marinade or even season as you cook? Must be nearly impossible. This is horrible Mexican food period. Velveeta cheese dip with spinach for $9.My Beef fajitas had 3 times the unseasonably veggies than meat. The meat is fatty with no flavor other than bland walmart tasting beef. Both sets of flour tortias were old and fell apart. how can you not make tortillas? HOWMy wife had a super soggy chicken enchilada.  WAter must be the dominate flavor. The taco is just hideous to eat. Tastes like a boild paste.  I'm not sure even my dogs will eat it. My Family will never eat here again. 10 stars all down
4	On Sept 16th, we decided to try a new Mexican restaurant. This was our first time here and I gotta say we choose a good one....reasonable prices, friendly service,  good food, with large portions. The margaritas were awesome, made by James & Sean. Thanks guys for a fun dining experience. We will be back!
5	Incredible all the way around. I have worked in the industry for years and I have to say, Wallace provided some of the best service I've ever received. Very personable and friendly. He made my wife and I feel right at home. And the food. My goodness. I had the tampiqueno dinner, my wife had the #2 combo (beef and sour cream enchilada and shredded need taco). They were perfection. My steak was a beautiful medium rare, just like I had asked for, and the chips and salsa were ON POINT!! I would highly recommend this restaurant to any lover of Mexican cuisine. 5 stars all the way.
3	Oh sh***#!! --It's Christmas Eve at 7:27pm and my brother and I still haven't decided where we're going out for dinner... We've been debating what kind of food, how fancy etc for 45 minutes. I'm picky and have diet restrictions. He loves meat which I don't so much. The kids are just flat out hungry! He's local and I'm not, so finally I just ask him to pick a good Mexican food restaurant. He calls Manuel's and they tell him they're only seating till 8pm. Let's go!We arrive at 7:50 and the hostess immediately says "we're not seating anymore." I reply that we just called and were told they seat till 8, and that's why we came. After she goes in back, our party of 5 was seated --5 minutes after we arrived. The food was not bad, but it was a bit expensive for what we got. I had vegetable fajitas with shrimp added which put mine around $15. The fajitas were good and came with whole pintos which had great flavor but were a bit crunchy. The regular salsa was sweet, and the hot was all pepper. Wallace gets them three stars: he was professional and patient ("up to a point" as he told me). When we arrived every seat except ours was full. When we finished at 8:45, we were the only ones there. Before Wallace brought the check he even asked if I wanted another beer or if we wanted dessert! That's saying a lot on Christmas Eve. I'd definitely give them another try.
