1	I showed up here when they were supposed to open at 7AM for breakfast but they didn't open till 7:08. I asked for a toasted breakfast sub with Black Forest Ham, American cheese, their yellow Egg concoction (about a week old usually), onions, cucumber, and peppers. I keep forgetting that subway American cheese is white, I should have just gotten their cheddar.The toasting was poorly done and the customer service was pretty bad. Needless to say I'm not impressed, in fact -to help potential patrons: I'd like to let you all know that the juices in store cost $1.49-$3.15 but you can get more variety juices from the vending machines for $1.25.
1	This Subway is absolutely terrible.  I like subway and it's food in general, but this branch is completely ruined by absolutely terrible service and quite possibly the worst employees I've ever seen at a food establishment.Now, I've been here about 20-25 times since it's only a block away from my work (and it's one of the healthiest things to grab nearby), and the same damn issues are present every single time.  I've now stopped going completely since I can't stand this branch.First off, they are always out of ingredients or bread.  I usually get the chicken breast foot long sub.  There had to be at least 10 occasions I went and they had no chicken breasts.  It's also not uncommon for them to be out of bread, and common ones too.  No wheat, no Italian?  There's been a few instances where all they had left was something obscure like Monterery Cheddar, and this isn't some off hour.  Its usually right during lunch!   I can understand once or twice, but you think they would take action to stop this from happening since it seems to happen ALL THE TIME?  Anybody ever think to make more bread???They have been out of tomatoes, out of peppers, onions out of cucumbers... It's ridiculous.  The worst part is they act rude instead of apologetic.  "WE DONT HAVE THAT..."  ok.... no need to yell at me there.... Honestly though, the worst part are the employees.  It's been the same 4 people every time I go.  The least worse of the bunch is the manager.  She is an older lady, and while generally nice, there have been days where she has been outwardly disgruntled, and talked to customers rudely, looking as she was almost ready to snap, but usually she is able to keep it shelled in... The other employees, *sigh...There's two younger girls who work there.  They have never been rude, but they work extremely lethargically.  They often keep asking what you want, and take a long time to put your sub together.  They really need to pep up, because they just act like it's killing them to be there...  Maybe it is killing them, but you work a customer service job, you got to perk up!The last employee that works there is a young male and he appalls me every single time with his actions.  I really have no idea how he still has a job.  His behavior is ridiculous. He is probably, and consistently, the most disgruntled employee in the entire world... He throws sandwiches together like they were no better than mush.  He doesn't change his gloves often so I have had far too many sandwiches with buffalo chicken sauce, oriental sauce, etc etc on my sandwich.... Yea, big no no.  Thank god I don't have allergies, but hot buffalo chicken sauce definitely does not taste any what appetizing smeared all over my cold cut either...It  doesn't stop there.  He rants about his job to every single customer.  No one even asks him, yet he is constantly letting you know how badly his job sucks and how he can't handle it.  It's like sheesh man, we all worked crappy jobs at some point, but that attitude sure isn't going to get you anywhere....  It's not even something like a dreary "Man, I'm having a rough day..."  It's more like a resentful "God! why do so many damn people have to come in, I can't believe this shit... AGHH KILLLLL MEEEE PLEASE."No lie people.... that is what he does, and that is why I get so bothered by it.  In some ways, he acts like so much of a trainwreck it's almost amusing to watch his anger grow.  I've had my fair share of watching him throw stuff, bang his head off a wall, and even once scream "F*** my life!!!!" during the middle of making a sub after he dropped the bun on the floor.  Still, for as funny as it could be, it's just plain rude.  He has made fun of customers several times, and his constant whining gets on one's nerves way too easily.  He acts like he is the only one with problems in his life...All and all, I love the Subway chain in general, but this branch has serious issues.  The service is terrible, and the staff is rude and downright horrendous with the way they act.  I still love Subway, but I will never go to this branch again.
5	I'm the President of Ditto Advertising and hardly ever leave a review but I stopped in after a meeting and Paul was very gracious to a very rude customer. He later went to find her to see if she was satisfied with the outcome and she made a scene in front of the hundred passengers.  Good job Paul for being the bigger person and representing Subway well.
2	Nice outside seating! But seriously subway makes the worst chicken. I'm really not picky about what goes in my mouth but wow I almost threw away my chicken salad.
