2	Just like Chicken Bonz, but with a few new things on the menu. The chicken wings/fingers are fresh & above average, but definitely not worth the price. It shouldn't cost 2 people $29 to have chicken fingers, sodas & onion rings. Boo!
2	Food is still Chicken Bonz but the prices have gotten ridiculous no combos and "the home of all you can eat wings everyday" is now only on tuesday plus the price went up.  Besides, this new name/place sounds like a sex club or something. BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL CHICKEN BONZ!!
1	HORRIBLE I used to visit Chicken Bonz once a week and absolutely loved it.  The atmosphere was great, the food was delicious, the staff was pleasant and helpful and they had $1 beers! Why would you change that?  So the owner got greedy and decided to no longer pay franchising fees, rebrands with "Meat Chix & Weiners" ...seriously?  that's the best you could come up with?  What a cheesy take on the whole "Sin City" Vibe.  The food is noticeably different, the prices are now higher than they were before, no more $1 beers and the staff has even changed from awesome, up beat women to apologetic & concerned due to taking the brunt of all the "what do you mean you dont serve combos anymore?"I'll never go back to this place.  Frankly, I'll probably buy in to a Chicken Bonz franchise and start it up across the street from this idiot.
3	Three of us came here for lunch today.  We were the only ones here.  Weird, but nice to have the place to ourselves.  We ordered several different things and it was all good.  Wings were crispy and on the larger side.  Much better than BWW.  The onion rings were awesome, super crunchy and not insanely greasy.  My coworkers each ordered burgers and appeared to enjoy them.  I found myself repeatidly staring at them, the burgers that is.  My buffalo chicken sandwhich was great.The bad?  The price is horendous.  You want fries with that?  Well pony up because the sandwiches don't come with them.  Want a soda?  That doesn't come with it either.  I didn't look at the bill but I'm certain it was over $50 for the three of us.No condiments on the tables?  Yeah the girl was quick with the small cups of ketchup but let me man the bottle please.I'll definitely come back as long as work is picking up the tab, otherwise, well otherwise probably not.
3	Descent grub a little pricey, and expensive  PBRs what!!!
5	Love the music they play! The food is fast and tasty. Good place if you want to chill and catch a game and enjoy some wings and a cold beer. They have AYCE chicken wings !!! Awesome. We just left and had a fun time the server helped us out a lot. Thanks we will be back!
