5	We chose Pink Pineapple to make our wedding cake and we couldn't be anymore satisfied with the service!! Shayna was attentive, reliable, accommodating, and talented! We had an idea and it was hard to find a cakery that would do it for a descent price. We only needed a cake for cutting purposes because we were doing gelato instead. Many places wanted to charge the same amount for a 3 tier styrofoam cake and a real 3 tier real cake. When I spoke to Shayna she was more then willing to work with us! She was even excited for the challenge. She actually made a secret compartment for one slice of cake, the decor of the cake was exactly what I visioned, she delivered the cake to Troon with no additional charge, and she even allowed us to rent the fake portion. I would choose and recommend Pink Pineapple Cakery to anyone!
5	Fantastic!!  Pink Pineapple made my daughter's birthday cake and I could not have been happier.  Not only was the cake beautiful (a princess castle), but it was the most delicious tasting cake I have ever eaten!  Shayna was so easy to work with - she created the perfect cake for my daughter, stayed within my budget and even delivered it to my home for free.  Needless to say I will definitely be ordering all of my cakes from Pink Pineapple.
5	I received a Pink Pineapple cake pop delivery not too long ago. Just looking at the pops made me so happy! Nancy and Shayna have achieved the perfect balance; the cake pops were as delicious as they were beautiful. Definitely the best I have ever tasted. Cannot wait to order more goodies from Pink Pineapple Cakery!
5	I received two dozen cake balls from a friend for my birthday, and they came from Pink Pineapple Cakery.  They are delicious, covered in the smoothest, tastiest chocolate, and arrived in unique packaging, so all 24 balls arrived intact.  I would not hesitate to use Pink Pineapple Cakery for my parties, events, and gifts for family and friends.  I looked at their website, and they must have a very talented artist on staff from the looks of what they have to offer.  Wonderful presentation and delicious!!
5	I ordered Pink Pineapple Cakery pops for a co-workers birthday. We were all floored how delicious they were! I'm not the biggest cake fan, and I loved them. Seriously baked to perfection and decorated so thoughtfully.Our whole team would absolutely recommend ordering from these ladies. If you're getting the items shipped, fear not, they've figured out how to ship them to you so they stay perfectly intact.
5	I received a special package from the Pink Pineapple Cakery which was delivered all the way to New York! Everything was PERFECT, from the packaging down to the product itself! It ships well anywhere and I couldn't even tell they traveled across the country! These delicious cake pops would make the perfect gift, party dessert or just special treat for yourself! The prices are great and there were plenty to share for all! The staff is very accommodating and friendly for any special requests! Will definitely be ordering more!
5	Valentine's Day was so special when Pink Pineapple Cakery cake pops and cookies arrived in the mail in the snow and sleet in Michigan.  The special packaging protected the cake balls, and they could not have been tastier, and the chocolate coating was so absolutely delicious.  My whole family enjoyed sitting around the fire place and watching the snow fall outside and nibbling on the custom decorated sugar cookies.  Artistically perfect and a gourmet treat.  I will definitely be ordering again no matter what time of the year.
5	Pink Pineapple deserves much praise for bringing something important and all-too-often missed to the party table--personality.  Shayna and Nancy are excellent at getting to what makes an event unique to the people celebrating it, and they bring it to the delicious goodies they create.Shayna and Nancy hand crafted tons of delicious goodies for my bachelorette party, making it a huge success!  When I saw the spread they had lovingly prepared, it brought an instant smile to my face.  They had captured something unique about my event in the decorations and cookies/candies/cupcakes they had prepared. I will definitely be using them for events in the future!
5	I saw Pink Pineapple Cakery at the First Friday festivities last night, Friday, March 7th, in Phoenix.  The ladies are wonderful, their goodies are delish, and they sure added to the spirit in the City of Phoenix.  What a community-minded company.  Ate the cakepopd and the fudge, got their card, and will definitely give them a call for my hospital team meetings.  My kids fell in love with Shayna, the artiest behind all this.
5	Pink Pineapple Cakery is Absolutely AMAZING!!!!  I have used them for three separate events and have not been disappointed!  I have ordered adorable Nautical Themed Cookies for a baby shower, 2 dozen cake pops for my sons school teacher appreciation week and every single cake pop was different and lastly I ordered a birthday cake for my sons birthday.  I did not give them much to work with for the cake, only that my son loved football and Larry Fitzgerald  and they created the most FABULOUS birthday cake ever.....an exact replica of Larry Fitzgerald and not only did the cake look FABULOUS it tasted FABULOUS TOO!!!!!   I cannot say enough wonderful things about Pink Pineapple Cakery and I would recommend them to anyone!!!!!!!
5	Outstanding customer service!  High quality!  Desserts that are not only amazing to your palate, but also to your eye!  Beautiful works of art!  I would highly recommend Pink Pineapple Cakery as a part of any event planning!  Pink Pineapple Cakery has been very supportive of us, Phoenix Frontrunners, Inc., has participated in our special events and catered for us.  Definitely top notch!
5	Shayna did an amazing job on our birthday cake! We were very pleased with the service and the results and the cake looked great! They can definitely work with you to get cakes in just about any way you want!
5	I ordered a custom cake for our military promotion. We couldn't be more pleased with the cake or the service, both where fantastic!  We plan to use Nancy and Shayna for all of our future events.  I would absolutely recommend Pink Pineapple Cakery! Thank you for adding a special touch to our celebration! Susie
5	I ordered my cake for a surprise party and only had a week to get it done. Other vendors I spoke to were rude and could not help me get my photos on the cake. Shayna was so sweet and helped me with everything, even delivering to the party venue! She let us use a cake stand and displayed the cake so nicely. I couldn't have asked for better customer service, oh and it was delicious! I will definitely be a return customer.
5	Nancy & Shayna are professional and awesomely creative ! I love their creations and highly recommend their cakery for special occasions !
5	Nancy and Shayna made my son an amazing "Jake" pirate cake. Not only was it cute, but artistic and extremely delicious. Everyone raved about it and had MULTIPLE pieces!!!! They where also such a pleasure to work with. They are truly artists, and I can't wait to work with them again!
