4	Had almost a 2-hour layover during dinner hours and saw this place near my gate. The comfortable looking lay-z-boy esque chairs drew me in. I ended up ordering the Grilled Chicken sandwich and opted to go with the House Salad instead of the Fries.The brioche bun was nicely toasted and had great texture. The chicken was pretty good despite it's odd, circular shape. The tomato, red onions, and shredded iceberg lettuce added some freshness to the sandwich. The salad was fresh and crisp, but very average. It looked just like the sandwich toppings, but in a bowl. The service, not the food, is what really made this a 4-star worthy experience. I sat there for over an hour leisurely eating while I waited for my next flight. She was great -- friendly, attentive, and didn't appear to mind that I took my time... but it's an airport so she probably sees that all the time.Average airport prices for food -- $10-$15 for most of the items. My sandwich and salad was $9.95 plus tip. So it's what you would normally pay for a chicken sandwich and salad at most sit-down restaurants. A nice find that I would probably return to if I have another long layover here.
3	For Terminal A this is your best choice for dining.  Your other options here are Wendy's, Cinnabon and the per-packaged sandwich, salad place connected to this bar.  And basically it is a bar with hamburgers, a grilled chicken sandwich, flatbread pizza and fries and nachos.  The food is decent (they toasted the bun of my chicken sandwich which was nice) and the staff is friendly.  If you have more time you could wander the other terminals and find something with a little more variety.  But if you need to stick close to your gate but have time for a sit-down meal and want a drink this is you best and only option.
3	Not too shabby!  That's what best describes this place.  Not having flown out of this concourse in quite some time they have upgraded a few of the places to eat while waiting on your flight.  Uptown Bar and Lounge gives the appearance of a sexy chic place but the underlying truth is there's only so much sexiness you can exude and still offer plastic utensils (yes I know it's regulated).  The use of dark woods and leather back chairs is a nice touch and the bar is nicely adourned with plenty of libations.  I had a chicken sandwhich, nothing to write home about but pretty good and a side of cole slaw (large portions).  The service was so-so but I've come to realize that all airport waiters/waitresses seem to exude their happiness and overally general likeability somewhere other than at work it seems.
3	Airport bar.Food looked good, Did not eat.One 12 year old double Scotch on rocks.... more than $35Dang these airport prices!!!Service was fast and friendly.
1	Worst possible service. The bartenders are rude and drinks are horrible. When asked to change the channel on TV, they flatly refused without any reason. The food was just about average to bad. Ain't going back again.
3	It's the perfect preflight sit-down for the thirsty traveler!  In no way can I recommend this location for the hungry, but the bar menu is excellent for the preflight cocktail.  It's a great little place to burn some time preflight.  I purchased a couple vodkas on the rocks and they do provide a good pour!  Enjoy and have a safe flight!
3	Looks cool/chic, service is great, menu is fast/bar food in disguise, and the food itself is passable. Incredibly tight seating, especially with luggage.No, I didn't love it. Overall, there are no other full-service options, so suck it up like I did and enjoy Uptown!
2	Extremely limited menu
3	Great customer service, but food was just average.  Can't expect much from an airport restaurant, but it was food in the belly before a long flight home.  The trend I saw at all the dining establishments I went to in the south were... friendly, southern hospitality service from waiters and staff and bitching and rude customers.  Apparently the people who sat down before we did at the same table were total jerks.  I guess what they say is true about the south... "there's nothing like it".
1	Terrible food. All food was served in a plastic tub and clearly had just been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Skip the breakfast all together. Pink berry, Jamba Juice and several other great breakfast spots near concourse C and D.
3	Venue: Uptown Bar & LoungeDecor:   Nice, Service:  Pretty good, North Carolina hospitality Environment:   compactFood:   Decent, nothing to have a parade overPrices:   More than the average barHuge Pros:  No streets around Debbie Downers:   Conclusion:   It is a nice venue right outside your gates in the terminal.  Nice TV's to watch the game.Overall: Average spot to kill time before you catch a flight if you want to snack on something or catch a flight.Grade: C
4	It surely beats eating at Burger King.  The place is pricey.  I'll give you that.  Pricey enough to make me wish I'd snuck a couple mini-bottles through security...that expensive.The atmosphere is nice for an airport.  You can watch the game and hear your conversation amidst the bustle that continuously surounds you.The food is not bad at all.  It will cost...about what you would expect at an airport.Overall, when I'm down this terminal, this is where I'm going.  I'll just learn to downgrade to the cheap stuff when I'm here.  "No sir...not that shelf...a little lower...a little lower...maybe...perhaps you have something in that drawer under the cabinet...by the floor?"
2	I don't think I could ever give an airport restaurant more than 3 stars, so consider this rating middle-of-the road as far as airport restaurants go. The service is SUPER fast and friendly - I think I waited less than 5 minutes for my burger to arrive. On that note, it tasted like it took less than 5 minutes to make. My salad also tasted like the plastic bag it came from. But the ladies behind the counter were very accommodating and made sure I had everything I needed. Can't comment on the drinks (I thought 11am on a Thursday may have been pushing it). But next time I am at the airport, I will probably try a different restaurant out before resorting to this place.
2	Food OK and waitstaff was OK albeit a little slow.The "seat yourself" thing just doesn't work. You have clueless people sitting alone at a 4-top, and three sumo wrestlers crammed at a two top. Like most airport restaurants, they seem oblivious to the fact that you might, you know, be in a hurry and that, umm... you might have some personal possessions with you.
3	Other than the prices, which are always going to be insane at an airport, this was a good location to grab a drink and a snack. I had some Sierra Nevadas and the pepperoni flatbread, which is a fancy and kind of untrue thing to call a PIZZA. But it was good. The service here was, er, serviceable. It was very busy here on a Thursday afternoon, but our server wasn't difficult to get ahold of. Nice place to relax with colleagues after a week of work before the flight.
2	Opens early in the morning for those if us who need to fly out early.  Service is friendly. Place is clean....Now. This place feels like a bar and not a place the serves 'breakfast daily'. Plastic plates and plates forks and knives. And I was eating at the restaurant. The food was a minor step above hotel food. It filled a gap but not something i would like to repeat or rave about. The prices are ok, but in an airport with limited choices... there's not much you can do....Not sure I would come again...
4	Grabbed a quick breakfast before an early morning flight.  Enjoyed the scrambler (eggs, hash browns, sausage).  Service was good (and fast) and prices were very reasonable.Would definitely recommend this vs a basic coffee shop, especially before a long flight.
3	It's a bit of an oasis in tired-old Terminal A. Friendly, sit down waitress service and fullBar. But don't expect stoneware and metal flatware. It's a plastic forks, disposable plates, and flimsy paper napkins. I was actually glad I didn't order wings when I saw the cheap paper napkins. The Bacon Vodka Mary was unimpressive. The Pepperoni Flatbread was tasty and satisfying; but less light & crispy flatbread and more hand-tossed crust pizza. If I had to, I do it again.
2	Man oh man, what a mistake this was. I knew I was in trouble when I asked for medium rare and the guy said "I'll put it in, but I can't guarantee it". What does that even mean???? Well I sure figured out quick, as soon as the burger arrives. The patty is perfectly rounded, and even thickness throughout, Which tells me it was not hand made, or fresh. No juices running at allllll. No doubt this came out of the freezer. This  is happy meal quality. Oh let's not even get into the fact that they gave me the wrong burger. I honestly feel insulted. Steer clear!!
2	I've been through Douglas International several times. Normally it's the same routine for me... when I have a short layover I come in and go out. When it's a little longer, I normally have a beer and some sushi out in the open area at Hissho Sushi. This particular time I had a 2 hour layover for a early morning flight, and had to catch my plane down in the A terminal...a place that I had never been before.As I wandered down this particular terminal, I noticed that there was little down there. It was a smaller area with a lot less to offer. The biggest place that I saw was the Uptown Bar & Lounge. They had multiple large screen televisions and a huge bar, so I decided to wait out my 2 hours here. They had a full bar and were also offering a small breakfast menu. I decided to go that route and ordered a egg and cheese sandwich on wheat along with grits, a mimosa, and a cup of coffee.The coffee was pretty decent. It wasn't as strong as I like, but at the same time it wasn't watery like a lot of other places. The mimosa wasn't anything special. I just watched the bartender pour some juice in some champagne. I eventually got my meal, which is served on a plastic plate along with plastic ware. The egg sandwich was something that I normally make when I'm in a rush and half awake in the mornings. Nothing special at all...actually a little below average. The plastic bowl of grits had a few lumps and no flavor at all.The bartender was nice, not anything overwhelming, but she was nice, and polite, and gave me what I ordered. You can't ask for more than that.If you have a flight out of A, this is a decent spot to grab a drink and watch some TV. Unless you have a flight leaving out of A, there's no reason to venture down that way. Uptown Bar & Lounge doesn't really deserve the ride down the moving sidewalk.
4	Keeping in mind that I came here strictly for a beer during my two hour lay over, I enjoyed this place. I was concerned after reading the reviews but compared to some of the airport bar and grills I've visited throughout the world, this was a solid bar and grill. The local draft beers were $7 which is a fair price in my home locale and definitely in an airport ($10 for a pint in another terminal!!). You can get domestic bottles for $5.25 and imports for $6.25. The waiter was super friendly and let me try two local beers before deciding which one to try. The space is clean and has a variety of seating options- two tops outside patio style, bar, traditional tables and leather club chairs. They also have outlets throughout and a bartender who will charge your phone behind the bar for you. A solid airport bar and grill.
