4	An epic battle of "Man vs Pho", Little Vietnam offers extremely generous portions of fresh, well-prepared Vietnamese dishes. With BYO (free corkage), takeaway, and delivery, this is a good place to know about when you're in need of a pho fix. I was quite overwhelmed on my visit by the portion sizes, so will need another visit to really get a sense of whether the dishes are truly outstanding, but it's certainly a fun little place, which is well worth a visit.Overall, we said: "the tactic with Little Vietnam is to order half the food that I did, or order the same amount but for two people. The magnitude of things overshadowed whether the dishes were of real quality, somewhat. They were good, but the size was the completely overwhelming impression that lingered. I'll need to come back for another visit, soon. I'll make sure to bring someone to help out with my scoffing, next time, during which I hope to get a better impression of the quality on offer."
3	Tried to have dinner here a couple of weeks ago. Walked past at 5pm when the sign said they were open, but there was no signs of life.  Although checked their facebook page and that said they didn't open until 5.30, so I would double check they are open before heading along.Finally managed to have grab food there over the weekend. Summer rolls were good, although slightly bland, the peanut sauce tasted like it came out of a bottle rather than 'house made'. Very impressed with the pho. The broth was clear and very flavourful. The mixed meat had plenty of protein (although no veggies at all apart from the bean sprouts). I prefer the pho at Little Vietnam over the other option in Edinburgh.The restaurant was quiet so the service was attentive and the food was timely.I would eat here again if I was over this part of town but not sure I would make the trek across town especially.
4	This is a small place. The walls are a minty shade of green. The table look walnut and bamboo and are close to the wall. They have benches around the walls and chairs on the inside. The place is an great source of authentic Vietnamese grub to eat in or take away. It seems they take their time to prepare dishes - even for take aways as we were advised it would take about 25 min for our selection to be ready. But once done we enjoyed the food. It was a lot and very tasty. Not very spicy but I guess they cater for Scottish tastes, but good flavours. - They even supplied a bit of extra chili on request!
4	So having made the mission across town on a couple of occasions to have pho from LIttle Vietnam... I had to update and throw them an extra star..I think their summer rolls have gotten a little better and their spring rolls are WELL tasty... but it's those noodle soups that really are the STAR...The broth is JUST.SO.GOOD.  Not the best pho I've had in my life.. but hands down the best in Edinburgh.
