5	KaraokeX at Till's Bar is by far the best karaoke system I've ever been to!  So up to date, kiosk signup system, new songs, you can even use your smartphone to signup!  Plus a charming host, good drinks and food and friendly bartender.Highly, highly recommended!!!  Every Saturday from 9pm till Midnight
5	Great karaoke system. Fun KJ. Good  vibe. Free water. My favorite place to sing. Would recommend to anyone.
4	Found a Groupon for 30$ worth of food and drinks for 15$ and thought we would give it a try. Weird spot, its in a condo/apartment buliding/motel, and it's like a normal hotel lobby bar but better. We got there at like 10 and they closed at 11... which is odd to close so early on a Saturday?!?! Anyway, bartender Trey was very cool and recommended the burger and said the pizzas were really small and not worth it. I really appreciate anybody who is honest and says when something sucks and is not just like "well, everything is good here". That's lazy to me. So my girl got the bbq burger and it was amazing! cheese steak I goy was ok, but I shoulda got the burger too! So Trey was friendly and down to earth so we'll be back to see him ;-) but we'd be there more if u stayed open later??? (wink hint ;-) wink hint)
5	This bar is in the Blair house suites hotel which was just remodeled, and they added this place just about 6-9 months ago. I must say that I did not expect much from this place, but the bartenders, food, and the video poker where all awesome, and all the flat screens weren't bad. Drinks were strong, food absolutely amazing!
3	Stopped in in a Monday night at 9. No one there. The bartender warned me they were changing the menu and were out of a few items.   Well, the first one was orange juice, so that changed my drink selection. I ordered a cheesesteak sandwich, which was Cheez Whizzed, which I'm not used to since I'm now from the East coast where we usually use a white cheese. I also ordered it without mushrooms, which was good as that was one of the items they were out of too. The sandwich came with fries, some of which had a metallic taste-maybe freezer burn??  The food was very reasonably priced, so that was a plus!Now the good news. Julie, the bartender was great. Friendly, and an intelligent conversationalist. Drink prices were reasonable so if you're looking for a good drink, stop in.
4	Was hanging with my boys in the Wynn and was looking for a great place close by that had decent food at decent prices.  I checked Yelp and Till's came up.  After finding the place behind a church we stopped in to check it out.  Nothing bigger than your standard hotel lounge, but was the perfect spot for a great burger or steak and all for under $14.  Multi TV screens showing different events and cheap beers.  Was truly a mirage in the middle of the desert and we will be sure to go again next time in Vegas.
4	Sometimes you just want a decent burger, a beer, and a big screen to watch the game. What an unexpected surprise. The 1/2 pound barbecue bacon burger (8.95) was a-ma-zing. Service and hospitality were great. Highly recommend Till's for when you want to get out of the mega-casino world for a great meal at a great price. I'll be back next week.
5	My Favorite Place in Vegas!  Cozy, quite, healthy food.  The only thing missing is Kombucha on tap.   Nice outdoor seating and welcoming staff make this my favorite place to take dates.
