4	Dr. Frakes, she's been a great Dr for my daughter.This is a small practice surrounded by different specialists, located right across the street from Kohls.The examination rooms are clean, small, and furbished with the necessary equipment, some of the nurses or assistants might sound a bit tough, but they are actually really efficient.The Doctor's are very nice, and knowledgeable, and approachable.I was told that Dr. Frakes is leaving this practice, but the other Drs are very  good as well.Will definitely keep coming here.
4	I've been going here for 8 years since my first son was born and I love it!! I tried going somewhere else closer to my house but I changed back to this place. The other place didn't compare to how I felt with maryvale pediatrics.  I have no complaints about it only their office may need to be renovated pretty soon. It just looks a little "tired". I love the staff and the nurses. My 3 kids see dr. Shulski usually.. Their triage nurses are great too. In the middle of the night if u need them you just call their office and they hAve an answering service where u leave a message for them and a nurse will call you back within an hour and give you over the phone advice on what to do. Their front desk girls can also use some personality changes though. Sometimes they can Be rude, but the nurses and doctors are great. They can usually get me in the same day if not the very next if I really need to get in there!!
1	I recently have changed my mind about vaccines and when I went for my daughter's 4 month well check up I was asked to find a new pediatrician because that office is 100% pro vax and those are the exact words that Dr. Patton told me. My actual doctor was Dr. Wells but Patton made it clear that no one would want to see my child. All I wanted was for my decision AS A MOTHER to be respected but they or he could care less. I would not reccommend this clinic. I believe a parent's choice should always be respected but I guess this clinic is just interested in the $$$$ they are going to lose!
1	I was emailed by their office in order to reconsider my review yet they still refuse services to my child. They are obviously not following the AAP guidelines that clearly state that Pediatricians should NOT end relationships over a parent's decision to not vaccinate, rather than to continue the relationship and try to build a stronger one with more trust. It states that if a relationship is severed by the pediatrician over this issue then the parent will most likely not vaccinate or trust doctors in the future.
1	The doctors seemed fine up until I said no to the vaccines. They basically called me dumb and asked to find another doctor. Parents need to know these doctors are not caring and interested in the well being of your child..they are money hungry because they get kick backs from the vaccine manufacturers for administering them. They did not ask how my child was doing when they first walked in the room. All they wanted to know was why I wasn't doing shots.
