5	Daves place has been a staple of the strip mall for almost as long as it has been there, yet I never went in. With the new law of no smoking in public places my eyes have been awakened to a ton of new dive bars. Dive Bar: Small...check Dimly Lit... check Pool/darts/shuffle board...check Locals...check Cool Bar staff... check The place had maybe 40 people in it before we brought in our 7 more. We were able to get a pub table and put our names in for the shuffle board. The bartender was busy but not rushed, she knew how to handle the crowd and still make good drinks. The prices were good as far as I can say, but I only drink Capt and coke. We had a good time and there was no drama at all. The crowd was a nice mix of 70 year old men down to 21 year old bike mechanics.
2	Not a bad dive bar. Nothing to write home about. Been there a few times good prices and friendly staff!
5	A bar within walking distance (albeit a bit of a long walk) is a very happy time!  Their beer selection is pretty ho' hum and the big screen projection screen TV has seen better days, but the clientele and pitcher prices are second to none.  When it comes to entertainment during your intoxicated adventure they got you covered.  Pool, darts, jukebox (The internet kind, nice!), FREE shuffleboard (Unless you really need a machine keeping track of your points.), and golden tee/buck hunter style arcade games are all at your disposal.  I've spent many a long night at Dave's and will continue to do so, not just because of the proximity, the prices or the games, but the atmosphere and interesting individuals you're inevitably going to run into.
5	Wow, I loved this place!The last time I have been in was in 2007. I first came in, in 2002, with a musician boyfriend of mine back then. He told me about this place and took me. I loved it the minute we sat down and drank something. It was great. I have been here about 5 times (4 times with him, before we broke up). Drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders were very nice. The patrons were very down home and friendly. Located in a great spot, near some great restaurants (like Applebee's). Gosh, I'd like to visit again, one day.
5	First time there last night, gotta say I loved it. It's nothing like a Scottsdale bitch bar, it's friendly and relaxed. It's that place you can hit after a hard days work. Completely affordable, my friends and I were shocked at how low our bill was. We've already agreed we'll head there more.
3	Great little place, lot's of games to play, cheap drinks. Needs more pool tables, or patrons who are willing to let other people play, and not hog the table.
5	One of my favorite local dive bars.  Drinks are cheap and the shuffleboard is free.  We have been here numorous times with a small group and never had a problem finding a place to sit.  One of the cool things about  this place is I work graveyard shift and I can come here @ 6am to get a frosty cold adult beverage after a long night of work.
4	This is one of my favorites on a lazy Saturday afternoon. Round up a few friends for some shuffle board and beers!
4	Daves is a great little dive bar.  The bar staff is friendly but also willing to give you a wise ass when it's appropriate. The prices are always reasonable and you will never complain about a weak cocktail.
4	So I walk into Dave's place looking forward to a Dive Bar experience.  Man it definitely fit the bill.  Cheap booze, yess!  I was at the end of the bar hanging out and doing some people watching.  I had been a few places before, so I was slightly lit. It seems a friendly place where one could meet some buds or make new ones.  I was a bit over dressed in a button up shirt and no friends to talk with. The bar staff was friendly and easy on the eyes, and I won't complain too loudly that a few brews were lost on my ticket.  Me being the honest guy I am, I informed them of it, and they rewarded my honesty by not charging me for the brews.  All in all, a cheap place for a few drinks.  I could see hanging here with a few co-workers after shift and having a good time!Next time I'll show up wearing more adequate bar wear and probably have a better time!  Good show.
4	How have I never reviewed this place before? It's close by so I do come here. Like once a month I show up. It has that great dimly lit dive bar feel. You know you could get laid if you wanted to.  The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are cool. I like the people most.... you get such a fun variety the normal alcoholics, people in their work clothes, people hoping not to run into anyone they know, and plenty of stoners. Being a semi attractive girl the mostly male patrons treat you like you are family.... the creepy kind they want to kiss... but still family.   You can be relaxed and grab a few beers or get good and drunk either way you will fit  fit in just fine. It's worth a trip and when the drunk people get kicked out of Santisi Brothers they walk to the other side if the parking lot and come here.  If nothing else grab a beer and watch the people that come here. Also I might note that they only have 1 stall for women but there is often no line and MOST the time it does not smell like farts and coochie.
