4	Pizza is great here, so is the service.  The place is owned by Italian natives who really know how to cook up a pizza pie!  Dan and I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was hopping, but we didn't have to wait.  Our server was a young Italian woman who made us feel very at home.  We never had to wait for her to refill our drinks and the pizza was made within ten minutes.  I am a vegetarian and Dan isn't, but there was no problem splitting two toppings on each side with no extra charge.  The cheese was scruptous and fresh, and we didn't leave a slice behind.  Pictures of Italy decked the walls and the waitresses talked amongst one another in a sultry Italian tongue.  It really was an authentic Italian dining experience!
4	There's a part of me that wants to give this restaurant like a 2, and part of me that wants to give it a 5. It's great for what it's great for, but you should be aware when you're going to hit this place that it's a particular type of Italian food that I like to refer to as "ghetto Italian." It's kind of like the Italian food you'd make at home, but slightly better. I haven't had their pizzas, but I've had their veggie lasagna and a few other pasta dishes. They are always delicious, but not date-night, wearing your stilettos delicious. They are delicious in the, "Hey, I just was shopping at Wal-Mart and I'd like to pig out on a huge lasagna" kind of way.The service is pretty fast, the decor is pretty cheesy, and the food is solid. It's worth investigating...and it's the kind of place I come back to again and again, without really meaning to. It's just there, and the hot ravioli calls to me like a beacon in the night.
2	How to kill a pizza in three easy steps:Unidentifiable white cheese, unbrowned.Sauce you can see, but not taste.Canned mushrooms.The service was awesome (despite the two women working being a little overwhelmed by the never ending lunch crowd), the prices were decent, and the decor was bad ass... but the pizza, as advertised for on their huge, often-burnt-out neon piece dangling over Central, was pretty bad. Of course, we were the only people ordering it. Everyone else went with the house meat+cheese+white bread sub, served, interestingly, with BJ's-looking potato chips.So was our tzatziki. Eh. Interesting execution of this Greek dip/sauce: sour creamish yogurt, shredded cuke, raw garlic. No herbs, pepper, salt. Turned out that this was the best part of the meal, and I enjoyed dipping something as weird as crappy chips into it and actually having them improve the taste.Pluses include: $8 pasta specials that include garlic toast and salad, with a number of veg-friendly options. I might come back to try one of these lasagnas or raviolis or manicottis. But for pizza, I will head 'round the corner to Portofino's. Definitely.
5	If you like "old school" pizza and sub joints (not decorated by some MBA, pastel vinyl freak), this is your place. It sits on Central Ave, just over the Eastway intersection (heading towards town), on the left. The neighborhood demographic is changing, so it's become a little out of place (yes, that's an OOB Waffle House next door and a Hispanic Western Wear a couple doors down).I have an indecent love for their cheese steaks and Greek subs. I alternate between the two most of the time. I've had their pasta (great) and their pizza (also great), but the subs are what I keep coming back for.Being a true "Child of the South", I won't try to compare the cheese steaks to anything from where you used to live up North. All I know is I like them as well as any I've found in CLT. Loads of meat (with just the right amount of what I like to pretend is just "juice"), onions, and cheese. The meat has a hint of (Greek?) seasoning which I suspect gets put into everything in the place. Served with rippled chips and a pickle spear.The Greek sub is another thing altogether. Roast beef and other cold-cuts on a hoagie bun, oozing with some mysterious sauce which is apparently the result of an evil lab experiment directed at completely dominating my waistline.I alternate between the two, and there is always a mental tug of war over the choice.There have been a lot of cigarettes smoked, beers drank, and pizzas sliced in this place over the years. Decor is pretty much unchanged from when your parents went on dates here. They have a jukebox and daily specials.In my bachelor days, "House of Pizza" was one of my regular haunts. Since getting married and moving to the other side of town, I don't get in there as often as I should.NOT A CHAIN, LOCALLY OWNED, GOOD FOOD. If you need a more corporate experience, there's an Olive Garden on Independence. Shame on you if you miss this place, though.
4	Cheap and good pizza
4	Love the Pizza, salads and subs not to mention the great smells inside. Personally I do not care for the pasta dishes because the sauce is a little  heavy for my taste. Overall I really like this place and the service has always been great. It is a nice place to chill and chat with friends or family.
5	Great little spot with very simple and delicious food.  The Greek sandwich is a must try, simply for the fantastic flavor of bleu cheese & italian dressing on a sandwich.  I also tried the lasagna and thought it was almost as good as mine...almost.  Cheap beers (if you've read my reviews, you know this is VERY important) and super fast and friendly service round this place out.
4	House of Pizza is just like your favorite pizza, pasta, and sub joint from childhood, right down to the gaudy, dated decor.  I had not  yet found a really good pizza parlor in Charlotte in four years of living here, but I think I just did yesterday.  I like big portions, extra cheese, and images of the Parthenon and old school Jesus at my pizza parlor, so I'm giving my excursion to H.O.P. 4.5 stars!The restaurant occupies a weathered building on Central and Eastway-where restaurants can be real hits or real misses.   I was a little worried about the quality when I scoped out the interior.  But I was quickly seated and my order was taken a minute or two later-a house salad with ranch dressing and a personal pan pizza with Italian sausage.  Check 1 for good service.  They didn't skimp on the dressing like more frou frou restaurants and the lettuce was still crisp; check 2. Then they brough out my pan pizza-hot, covered in a quarter inch of gooey mozzarella, homemade sauce, and real Italian sausage (not that freeze dried matter you get at Domino's).  Mamma mia, I'm marrying an Italian girl one day!!!  My waitress made sure my Diet Pepsi was refilled and my food was satisfactory.  My bill came up to $13, so I walked away fat and happy. Check 3, 4, 5, and 6!!! Based on other Yelpers, the subs are equally good.  I guess I'll be flipping a coin on my next visit.  If you miss the days before pizza became a culinary craft, you'll fall in love with this vintage pizza joint.  I know that its going on my "circuit" of comfort food joints.
1	I overheard a girl talking about House of Pizza one day... she was RAVING ON AND ON AND ON about how it was the absolute best pizza hands down in the whole wide world and "since she's from connecticut where they have the best pizza, she should know".  I admit, it spiked my curiosity enough to try it, even though we've passed by it regularly over the past few years and never had the urge before.  We walked in, super excited to try out this amazing pizza.  The prices seemed a little steep, but for the best pizza, it must be worth it... so we ordered a medium all veggie pizza.  When it came out and we saw the way the cheese looked and smelled, we just looked at each other in doubt, but still had high hopes and took our first bites.  After all, the cheese was soooooo thick it must be good.  After the first bite, Ben immediately exclaimed, "was that girl HIGH when she ate this pizza?"  I thought it tasted frozen... like something from a high school cafeteria... and the cheese had no flavor.  The mushrooms were canned and there was hardly any sauce.  I have no idea who would ever think this pizza is the best in the whole wide world... maybe it's all a matter of taste... but we are completely flabbergasted.   After discussing for a while what we were eating, we looked around and realized that no one else in the entire place was eating pizza.  The subs looked super popular and everyone seemed happy.  I don't think we ever even finished our leftovers.I hate giving a place 1 stars, and recently I read on a friend's facebook update that they had just discovered HOP and couldn't believe that they had gone their whole lives in this neighborhood without having ever tried it.  They also thought it was amazing.  Again, we were completely baffled!  So, apparently it's a taste preference... but be warned.
4	First thing about house of pizza is that the atmosphere is wonderful. The dim lights and the old decor shows that this place is a place of character.  Second is the food. It isn't fine dining or a hipster modern menu, but an old school Italian restaurant classic to the style of the     Southern States. The spaghetti is great, the lasagna is delicious, the pizza ironically is so so. ( not bad at all, but not awesome) Third is that this is a local restaurant, and not a Chain. I felt noticed and cared for here. I felt more treated like a person and not just another customer.I will be back sooner than later. Especially because their spaghetti lunch deal seems very good.
4	In a bizarre turn of events, not one of the 6 people at our table ordered pizza in this supposed House of Pizza. Apparently our friends who brought us here have never even tried their pizza and they used to frequently order from this place when they lived nearby. i for one was very satisfied with my decision. i ordered the lasagna which comes with a salad and garlic bread. The salad is bare bones with lettuce, peppers, a tomato, onions and dressing. The lasagna was delightful. There was no burnt edges, just perfectly cooked as promised. Rather than just a slice of garlic bread, it is really more like a small loaf of garlic bread. It was perfect for making little lasagna sandwich bites with the garlic bread that i so thoroughly enjoy doing. Why don't Italian places offer a lasagna sandwich? or do they?As far as draft beer choices: Budweiser....and Budweiser.  That's it. Figured what the hell, haven't done the Bud Heavy in years. For $2.25, it came in an overly frozen/frosted little mug. It worked.
5	This is my favorite pizza place in Charlotte!  The crust is crunchy and the sauce very tasty.  The tiramisu is amazing when it's available.  I wish they delivered!
5	I love this place, just not the location anymore. Not a good side of town anymore.Best meatball sub on the planet! I kid you not.HUGE portions. One time I got a bacon sub out of curiousity and I swear it seemed like they gave me an entire slab of bacon that you would buy in a supermarket!Best lunch deal in town is the spaghetti. Their salads are a bit skimpy on the ingredients but the house dressing more than makes up for it.I've had their pizza twice in the 20+ years I've gone here and I can remember that it comes out so piping hot that it always burned the roof of my mouth. I've had better pizza elsewhere but their pizza is much better than any chain restaurants'. Awesome pasta dishes.My only complaint: They used to have the best sweet iced-tea in town but I've noticed in the past couple of years it tastes a bit sour. Maybe recycled from the day before?Your pal,Walter
5	This restaurant as I always saw it was a gem in Charlotte. Not much people know about it, but does it attract people from all around. One time I saw a Huntersville Police come down to this restaurant. I don't blame them taking that trip to taste their delicious subs.I'm not a big fan of their pizza, but I will eat their subs daily if I could. I always order the Mushroom Steak or their Combination Steak subs which come with a melted cheese sub with mushrooms and steak with peppers (combination steak) and chips. I wish I could substitute the chips with something like a salad or something, but I'm not going to complain. The salad here is the freshest in all the restaurants I have ever eaten at. The house salad is always crisp and just taste wonderful with the  green peppers and baby tomatoes they add.Every bite of their sub was an experience for me. The service is nice, but when it gets hectic in the restaurant you have to give them a little break. Inside, they have dimmed lights also with a big old style radio player (that plays really old music every 15-30 min). Overall, I love this place. It's not too far from my house and it's absolutely delicious.
5	I have been going to the House of Pizza for over 15 years! Each bite of each steak and cheese sub gets better and better as the days go by. I live in another state now but when I visit Charlotte this is one of my must stops and I am never ever disappointed! Thank you, House of Pizza for being an amazing constant source of great good and fond memories!
5	In my opinion, they have the best pizza I've eaten since I left Pa. in 1985.  Their subs are good,too, but their pizza is the best.
2	The pizza had sooooooo much cheese, it was way toooo much.(that we were putting it aside when it slide off the pizza not needing it back on the pizza!!)   The service was okay. I do not like the primitive way they write out tickets you can't read them and it feels like the owner just rings up whatever!!  Not to mention how uncomfortable I was the out dated and sardine can feeling bathrooms!!
2	I'd heard so much about the meatball sub that I was pretty excited to give it a go. Unfortunately it just ended up being this gargantuan salty deal that just didn't really bring anything to the table besides lots of salt. Maybe I was there on an off day but I wasn't impressed. The portion, as mentioned before, was redic. So, if you're feeding a high school football team or something maybe it's worth a stop.
4	House of Pizza is another one of those Charlotte institutions that this native-but-raised-on-chains son had never tried. We rectified that last Friday night, and I ended up depressed... depressed because I had been missing out for so long!SEE WAT I DID THAR?Anyways, as others have mentioned, the area of town that House of Pizza is in has decline since its glory days, although honestly, I rarely feel unsafe in east Charlotte. People talk about east Charlotte like it's Newark. Seriously, people. Sometimes shit happens, but people get shot in Ballantyne too. My point? Don't let the location put you off.The restaurant itself is humble. You can tell it's been there for decades, but it's clean and the decor is entertaining. Our waitress was very friendly and checked in on us frequently. Of course, the most important factor in rating a pizza restaurant is the pizza, and HoP gets it right. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but it's probably among the best I've had in Charlotte. The cheese and toppings are plentiful and the sauce is tasty. My only criticism would be that the crust, while sturdy, could use slightly more flavor. Also, a more varied beer list would be welcome.Now, I must return and try the sandwiches...
4	If Yelp wasn't so hung up on integers, I'd give this place 3 and a half stars.  It was a HOT July evening in the Queen City and so the wife and I decided to cool off by going to a Greek pizza joint and getting HOT food.  Choo godda poblem widdat??   As others have said, the meatball sub and the steak sub seemed to be the signature items.  Meatball sub was a bit salty and it was overflowing with meat and cheese.  At first all I could see was cheese but then the cheese seemed to vanish in front of me and I actually wanted more cheese (must have been the heat, it was a HOT day).  Went through two soda pops because it's HOT in Charlotte in July. Wife really liked the steak sub.  All in all, it was a satisfying meal.  Good people watching too.  We were in and out in 30 minutes and for under $20.  And when we got outside it was still very HOT.  We really enjoyed the HOT of PIZZA and all the HOT food they serve.  Oh my freakin' lord, it is so very HOT in Charlotte in July.
4	House of Pizza. Not to be confused with some of the other Inns and Huts. They can't hold a candle to the House. They've been here forever, and walking inside feels like time travel (in all the good ways). With specialties in pizza and subs, with Greek influences sprinkled in (like any good restaurant in the QC), you need to get to House of Pizza. Be prepared to wait, but it's worth it.I've not tried the sandwiches yet (next visit), but the pizza is incredible. The sauce has great flavor but doesn't overpower, and they are generous with the toppings. Now, I'm not a fan of the floppy, ends-up-in-your-lap NY style pizza. House of Pizza has those big slices, but the crusty is substantial to support all the goodies on top. Finally, someone who gets what a crust should be!The people who work here are absolutely great. The whole place feels like sitting in a relative's kitchen. One of the best pizza places in Charlotte, hands down.
3	This place is interesting.  From the outside it's very unassuming.  Run down isn't the right way to describe it, but it's close.  You could drive by every day for a year and never notice it.  when you step  inside, though, it is like stepping into a time machine.  The walls are wood paneled, everything looks like it might've been fancy twenty years ago,and the placemats are paper.  I think they forgot to give us our crayons.  I had a witty comment about the wall art, but I forgot what it looked like.  It's that kind of place.Anyway, on to the positives.  Our waitress was really, really nice.  The prices are nice and low, too. The entrees are in the nine-twelve dollar range (don't quote me), and come with a salad and garlic bread.  I decided I couldn't go wrong with lasagna and was pleasantly surprised.  It was flavorful and did not have a cookie cutter taste.  the portion size was more than ample and there is a wide selection of cheap wine to choose from.  I guess it was kind of like eating at the genesis of Macaroni Grill.When you take into account quality, price, atmosphere, and quantity The House of Pizza is a  solid value.  I'd go again.... if someone asked me to.  Maybe.
3	Last time I went to House of Pizza was 10+ years ago, but my wife wanted to give it another try.  Very popular place with people waiting at the door and the wait staff was fast & courteous.  My wife got pizza and I got chicken fettuccine alfredo where neither of us were impressed.  It was OK, but nothing exceptional.  You can get way better pizza & pasta going to Portofino's in the shopping center right behind House of Pizza in the same price range, but you always have to keep personal taste in mind.A friend's wife only like Portofino's and loves House of Pizza going there regularly since she was a teen where House of Pizza has a huge  nostalgia factor for many patrons.
5	GREEK PIZZA. You must try it. I am obsessed with it; I moved to the East side a few months ago and was intrigued by the packed parking lot HOP always seems to have going. Then I tried the Greek Pizza and learned why.The crust was a bit thick but perfectly chewy; the feta cheese, if not house-made, was at least made by someone who knows what they're doing. Creamy, a bit of that rind taste I love, and the fresh onion, fresh green bellpepper toppings were the right note to play off the grilled lamb gyro meat. It's the only pie I've tried so far, because when I walk in the door I can't make my mouth say anything else. I may be able to see other pizzas soon, but right now I am completely infatuated.Oh yeah, old school decor, blah blah blah. GREEK PIZZA.
4	Something about walking into House of Pizza makes me want to quit life and open a restaurant. (Which is funny because I already work in a restaurant.) Maybe it's the homey atmosphere, maybe it's the food that's so good you want to hug it, maybe it's the waiters so cute you want to hug them. This is definitely one of Charlotte's hidden gems.On the surface, it's not much to brag about, but the food more than makes up for it. From pizza and sandwiches, to Greek favorites like gyros and spanikopita, to desserts, you can't go wrong. And it's so low-priced you might as well get one of everything. Definitely a winner in my book!
4	Alright, this place gets four stars because of the pizza here. It is one if the best places for pizza in Charlotte. They are also fast and friendly. I have never eaten dine in but I have ordered many take out pizzas of all kinds. With that said, the only reason I did not give five stars is becuase I have not had luck with other entress. I tried the meatball sub, which I will never order again, and the philly, which was so so. I have heard the italian sub is great. I do recommend here, but mainly for the melt in your mouth pizza. Hey, why order anything else when the name of the place is House of Pizza.
4	Love the "old school look, feel, and juke box." I've been going here for about 25 years. It began with my grandparents after church on Sundays for lunch. Now that I've moved further away I still make time for a chicken parm sub when I'm in the area. Huge portions of spaghetti that can feed 2 or you can eat on it later.
2	2.5/5. Everything is just ok. I've heard great things and nothing has impressed me.  Pizza crust is plain and dull with no crisp or unique anything. Cheap cheese and no seasoning on the pizza or sauce. On the second visit...tried the meat sauce, again it was bland and reminded me of cafeteria food.  The fried mozzarella is frozen from a box. Better pasta can be found at your local h.t.
1	Discovered this place about a month ago and tonight was my 5th and LAST time ever going. Ordered pizza and wings. Out of an order of wings 4 of them were so small that they should have been thrown away instead of served to customers. I uploaded a picture for you to see for yourself. Look in the photos and you will see a chicken wing next to a sugar packet. The sugar packet is bigger than the chicken wing. In my entire life I have never seen wings this small. Since an order of wings is $10 bucks I said something to our waitress assuming these wings just slipped by and I would receive an apology and a few more wings thrown into the fryer that were bigger than a half inch. Well, I received an apology from the waitress but when she asked the owner if she could rectify the problem with a few more normal sized wings she was told NO!Never have I been victim to such awful customer service in my entire life. This place could have had a customer for life with my wife and I, now I can guarantee I will never step foot in the House of Pizza ever again.
4	I've been a fan of this place for years. Over the weekend, I took a group of friends for some hangover food. They were very skeptical when they saw the decor. One friend actually said, "worst decision ever."Always remember kids: never doubt the 100 pound girl that eats like a 300 pound man. Write that down.House of Pizza is not the fanciest of places. I'm pretty sure that if we could go back in time that everything would still look exactly the same. Probably reminds you a lot of a pizza and sub place from your childhood.I'm a big fan of their subs. I bounce back and forth between the Philly and the turkey. They even have one simply called "bacon." Warning: my friend had to take a bacon induced nap after wards. Although, I still think that may have had to do with the fact that he also consumed a dozen wings.Great prices on the menu. They also run a daily spaghetti special. The salads are good sized. Very old school. For the Greek, they bring the bottle of dressing right to the table. The pizza is pretty good as well.The staff is friendly. It feels warm and inviting when you walk into the restaurant. The service is okay. Some days slower than others... but nothing to complain about.My friends offered up an apology to me after our adventure here. They are new fans... and will definitely be going back.
1	So I called in an order tonight and got a confirmation for 20 minutes later. Arrived on time, and they had no record of my order. I showed them where I had called and they said I would have to wait again because they had no record of the order. Not even an apology. Other people's food looked good - too bad they didn't want to serve me.
4	A solid 3.5 !By the end of the work week I am DONE with cooking and I often don't want to leave my house ...pizza is nearly always our Friday go-to dinner. I enjoy Hawthornes, but my husband does not...he enjoys Dominoes, but I do not. We both like Intermezzo but it can get a little steep for our newlywed budget so our solution is House of Pizza.It doesn't look all that great in all honesty but it tastes pretty darn good. They don't skimp on cheese (though sauce is lacking a bit)..so it works for us. Now this isn't the best pizza in the world but it certainly isn't the worst. A pie will set you back like $11 for cheese so you can't beat the price.
4	I just love this food! It's always delicious and the service is pretty good! I am the kind of girl that just likes good food and this is the kind of spot that keeps me coming back for more! Yum!
4	We tried this place one night on a whim for a very late dinner, and were pleasantly surprised!!  This isn't thin crust gourmet true Italian pizza by any means, but it was delicious! I have no idea what they put in the crust, but I really liked it. Slightly chewy with sweet and savory notes -- different and it totally works with the pizza.  I ordered the Greek pizza, and it was awesome!! I was craving a gyro and pizza, but couldn't decide between the two... This was the perfect option.  Super cheesy, lots of awsome toppings, and the perfect balance of meat with olives, green peppers, and feta.  The only thing that I can say is that it was definitely more of a "fork and knife" kind of pizza -- not a thin foldable slice lol.In any event, we will definitely be back whenever we crave good old fashioned cheesy down home pizza!
4	Neighborhood foodie spot for sure. Their wings are fantastic - and that's coming from a Buffalonian. PIzza has a unique crust, almost bread like. It's totally got me hooked! Walking in the front door you will be transported back in time. Lots of wood. Everywhere!
