5	my new favorite store!  it's one of the hippest used/vintage/consignment stores i've ever seen.  the best part is swimming through the sea of hanging bras, or perhaps just finding cool unique but still totally affordable clothing you can't find anywhere else.  they also took my US $$ and didn't charge me tax on my adorable $5 top, they pour complimentary lemonade and iced tea to beat the heat, and the lady was pretty darn cool. my favorite store in montreal by far!
5	Notes on the store: Eva B-I think this has been a used clothing store for at  least 12 years. I remember it from past visits to Mtl. I never knew it had a name.-It seems to have gotten crazier. Now there is a giant box of $1 clothes you can dive into. Kind of like the ball room at IKEA for adult thrift junkies.-While shopping I was offered some raspberry iced tea in a vintage glass. It was tasty and much appreciated.-There was an old guy with a white beard cooking something in the front window. I think corn on the cob-In the men's section there is a pet bunny-if you go out the back there is some sort of overgrown garden-The prices are very reasonable and they sell both vintage and new clothes-there is an anarchist bookstore in the same block, and a vacant lot where I saw what I thought was a squirrel, but it turned out to be a rat!
2	Sensory overload and overwhelming array of stuff that made it very difficult to find anything. A huge area filled chest high with clothes all at $1. If you can find anything. Take your shoes off and wade in. Find a gem if you can. I personally doubt it. Everything else was overpriced which is typical for a trendy store. I'll stick to thrifting thanks. Same stuff for 1/4 the price.
4	I enjoy sifting through thrift stores so this was a must-do. The place is decorated kitchily on the outside, so not hard to find. Once you step inside, it's a madhouse of stuff everywhere. Now, they must be decorated somewhat for Halloween, but I can't imagine it's much different from their usual look. It's mostly women's clothes, jeans, shoes. They have a few dressing rooms with mirrors on the outside of the doors across from a mess of handbags. I found a polka dotted Le Chateau blouse, but cut way too deep to wear to work. I found a pair of awesome flared jeans for $7, but the waist was too big and I didn't like the empty backside without anything including pockets. I found a pair of tough black wedge combat boots for $15 CND, but not sure whether I could really pull off the girly dress/tough boots combo at my professional conservative workplace so I left them alone. In the back is a men's corner where my partner found 2 shirts for less than $18 CND and I ogled over the bunnies. There are lots of jewelry - mostly plastic, loud necklaces, rings. There was a bin of hats, too. Off to the right of the store is the notorious $1 bin. It really is like a giant ball room., about 10 ft x 8 ft, except filled with clothes. With the recent bed bug scare in NYC and BOS, I was not stepping in, just in case.I saw samosas at the counter for $1, yum!  So it's a thrift store-cafe, they buy clothes ("You look better naked"), accepts credit cards, sales people generally leave you be. You have to come prepared to dig. Pop an allergy med before walking in because it's dusty. And bring some hand sanitizer. If you don't like digging through thrift, this is not your store.
5	I've heard people talk about a "shopping experience" but I'm not sure I had one until I went here.  This place is extremely interesting.  After I worked up the nerve to venture past the exterior, which makes it look like all they have in there is junk, I discovered a fascinating store.  It's a little like going down a rabbit hole (there are even rabbits--check for the cage in the back).  There's stuff everywhere.  Literally everywhere.  I found some William Blake tossed in a plastic bucket full of foam wig stands and a bucket of mini parasols.  The floors are uneven, so be careful, but the staff is very friendly.  They brought us shots of lemonade, which was pretty awesome.  We wandered for a little while, but neither of us worked ourselves up to dive into the $1 bucket.  Maybe a shot of vodka to go with that lemonade beforehand... or at least I'll have to wear a dress that's not quite so short next time I go shopping here.The only complaint that I might have about this place is that they were playing a live version of Leonard Cohen's Tower of Song on repeat the entire time we were there.  This added to the whole rabbit-hole illusion, but eventually I felt like I was on a bad trip where everything looks and sounds the same and there's no escape.  Then again, I'm not even sure I should complain about that, because I feel like that was the point.  Anyways, check it out, because that place is awesome.  Even if you don't buy anything, it's worth a trip.  Watch your step on the floors, and if you're over 5' tall, watch your head.
4	Four stars for being the epitome of thrift shopping in all the sensory experiences. The only thing I wouldn't touch is the food (although I heard it's good) simply because I'm paranoid about places covered in dust that serve samosas that lie out in the same place people flick their dirty clothes about. Other than that though, Eva B is the place to go - just to say you went! The prices are decent for the items, I saw a lovely yellow trench coat, lined, winter-worthy and all for $40. It was really a rare yellow color - mustard and lemon mix. Bras hang from the ceiling (wouldn't buy those though), and this insane $1 pile where all you do is take off your shoes and DIG. I'm sure that if you find something there it would be worth it, just depends if you have the time to scrounge through.It's definitely more of a feminine feel through out the place. But you can see the mind of pop culture genius working throughout the decor. When I went for Christmas, they had a naivety scene with Harry Potter as Jesus, Hitler as the fther, a Bratz doll as Mary and naked Barbies as the Three Kings. GOODNESS! Outside the store... dun dun dun Michael Jackson holding his precious baby.The store is a general mess. I'd set aside more than half a day to look for something, and even then Value Village is probably cheaper - but the experience is half the go. I've never seen a store like it in my life.
5	It's true - the clothes pile is a lot of fun. My girlfriend found a pair of pants she told me were worth over $150 CAD... for $1. Needless to say that we will be going back next time we're in the neighbourhood.
1	Don't fall in love with anything before you pay. Out of the 8 items we had hunted for, in the least organized store on the planet (which is its charm), we could only pay for 2 items. The rest were to be priced the next day. We left our name and number and called the following day to be told "oh the owner says those aren't for sale" I ask 'why the small kitchen gadgets buried in their "stuff" section is out then?' Their reply: We haven't gone thru that section yet. The owner doesn't want to sell it (for any price!). Really? Have you seen your 'store'?Like I said, don't love it unless you are sure they actually want to sell it. Is it a store? It's more like a collection of stuff/junk to look at, and a place to experience.
4	Intense, yes. Exciting, YES. The $1 pile makes me crawl in my skin, but that's just me.  I snagged a nice pleather moto jacket for $10 and had fun sifting around all of the little odd'n'ends. This place is my kind of jam.
5	There is no place like Eva B, the shock value of this store is so intense. You need to see it for yourself. It is the most unique store that I have ever been to.  Independent artist/ designers also sell their apparel on the second floor.  An good tip, this is the best place to buy/rent your Halloween costume or if your going to anywhere that you want to really stand out from the crowd.  Also I found a pair of Burberry pants with the tags intact :)
1	i think this is closed??? their website is suspended?
3	This kind of place is not my thing. I've just discovered that today.When we entered, they asked my friend and me to let our bags at the front counter to avoid shoplifting. I understand that, but I hate it when people take away my bag, it's my baby ):The first floor is for the used clothes that people give away and there's food too. There wasn't really anything special, but what do you expect from thrift shop? There was also the renown "1$ pile", but I didn't find anything interesting. (I was scared that there were dead bodies underneath too so I left quickly. Seriously.)The second floor is for the vintage clothes and the Eva B creations. That's where prettier clothes appear. Good price for cute clothes. I liked the terrasse, it was the only place where there was actually enough light for my liking. The fitting room is way too small to be able to change without bumping into the wall or the mirrors.The basement is where there are costumes for rent, but I didn't visit it. I'll go when Halloween comes up!The employees were nice and didn't hassle you. There was one that looked a bit bored with the customers though.They should add more light and space. That's what really bothered me.
5	The best store I have ever been to. The decor, the people, the clothes, they're all fantastic! As you walk in you're offered free lemonade and popcorn, and given the rundown of how the place works. The main floor has all the cheaper clothes (5-9$) and also the "swimming pool" , which is a room filled at least 5 feet high with clothes all for a dollar. Upstairs is the boutique, where you'll find some higher quality items, including clothes made in the store. Most of the stuff here is about 10-20$, found some great stuff up there. Nothing in the basement level is for sale but it's pretty impressive to look at, all costumes for rent! Every possible costume you can imagine. I spent a good 2 1/2 hours here and spent 60$ (but half of that was for the amazing tutu I found!) Great store for alternative clothing
4	We like thrift stores. We love junk stores. This place is a bit of both, with very funky hipster style. I found two pairs of pants and a shirt, $12, $9, & $7. Granted, not steals by my reckoning. But all good stuff, at prices I would probably pay at Goodwill. With its wacky charm stacked to the ceiling, homemade lemonade samples, and mounds of clothing all being rifled by the cool kids who were swarming the place, this was a welcome find for a traveler from far away Baltimore, a town with junk stores galore. Felt like home.
5	If you're looking for a unique thrifting experience, this is for you. The bottom floor is all very cheap items, including a $1 pile of clothes. The upstairs is a more curated section of secondhand clothes but still for not overpriced (the most expensive thing I ever got upstairs was $20).The atmosphere in this place is great. They blast cool music and offer complementary popcorn and drinks (think cute shots of lemonade or apple cider served on a tray). They do do a mandatory bag/coat check (free) but I don't mind this at all. I really don't think it's to prevent stealing things, it's more to have your hands free to shop in this beautifully cramped store without worrying about heavy winter coats or big bags.Really maybe the best thrift store I've ever been to.
5	I'm giving 5 stars for 2 reasons:1) the 3 stars another reviewer bequeathed needs to be evened out (IF you don't like shopping in Ali Baba's cave, or Junque stores in general - NO - YOU WILL NOT LIKE SHOPPING HERE) 2)  It is not shopping- it's a SPECTACLE. And, because it's an amazing thing to be greeted by a sprightly nymph ecstatically offering  you little cups of steaming cider on a frigid day (ESPECIALLY in Montreal where even good service is "nice" but not enthusiastic). GREAT music.That all said:No the selection is not vast.Yes, the changing rooms are Laugable.Yes, you Can find treasure. (green wool tweed 3 button jacket in perfect condition= 20$. Black "free people" leggings= $3)Anecdotally, we brought the parents here and my 79 year old father in law was stoked to sit on the back couch with the dog, drink coffee & listen to Little Richard. My 74 year old mom wanted to move in.The Swimming Pool of clothes is No More. :( However:DO NOT MISS THE BATHROOM.OR THE FREE POPCORN.OR THE CAFE. you get a cup of delightful cocoa served on a tray with "add your own sweetness" sugar on the side= Who Are These People? Genius.Altogether, as good a tourist spot as the Basilica. And more charming. I will upload the photos later.
5	Giant slice of homemade carrot cake and huge latte for $5?!  Amazing. They have a massive costume selection for rent, but they are overlooked as a great cafe!
5	Got an h&m sweater for only 5$ plus tax. I gotta say it's one of my all time favorites. The story has a strange smell, but the staff is really nice! When you enter, they give you a little snack (tea, popcorn, etc). My favorite vintage store: affordable, nice clothes.
5	I was really bummed-out one day.... Girl problems.. Went to Eva B's. The owner, an eccentric man in a baggy fisherman's sweater and mad scientist hair was standing behind the counter smoking a bidi. He looked at me pensively then asked me if I'd like an espresso and a piece of cake..I'm like, "yeah, but no..." So he gives me this free food and as he's handing it across the counter leans over and tells me to 'fuck the world'. I bought a crazy hat and left his store feeling much better about life here in M-T-L.
5	OMG LOVE this store! I stumbled upon it 2 years ago on a trip, and went back 2 more times before the trip was over! I basically got a whole new wardrobe. I love the treats you get when you go in! I cannot wait to go back again this summer! MUST STOP!
5	Almost passed right by this place on my way to the Old Port.  Glad I stopped in to see what's up.At first glance, a used clothing store with free lemonade.On second glance, also the cheapest coffee shop in town.  $1 including tax for a single espresso, prepared in a charming fashion.  Add in huge homemade cookies for $1 and we're already at 5*.I walked to the back with my espresso and found the cutest dog lounging on the couch.  He was happy to have a friend.  Then a random girl sat down and played a bit at the piano.  Awesome vibe to chill for a bit during a busy weekend.Came back again and asked the older gentlemen that works there, perhaps the owner, when they close.  "Whenever... the fuck... I want!"  Amazing.Six stars for this place.
5	In three short days in Montreal I visited Eva B's twice. The samosas, chocolate cookies and cool stuff - and the Monsieur behind the counter and all the staff are worth the visit. Must see if you like second hand.
5	My god,this place is awesome.. From the owner with his continental easiness to the mounds of great stuff reasonably priced and the cafe with great lattes and food...I'm going back for a second helping tomorrow... PS got a 100% heavy Irish linen baby doll dress by Michael kors for 7.50!
4	This place is a great vintage spot. You're greeted w/ a shot of free tasty iced tea, a cafe to the left, theres a section in the backyard where you could chill w/ your cafe goodies.  Cool staff, interior is all quirky classic vintage. There's a large section of 2nd hand, vintage clothing, costumes, books, & video cassettes. It was pretty overwhelming at first, I felt I would be swallowed alive, but give it some time, its pretty worth digging through. The vintage section was where we found bad ass 90's vintage pieces, but a little more priced than what we're used to: $20-30 for pants, but pretty swaggy pants.
5	C'est l'endroit ou aller
5	Visited Montreal for a few days and found a local to take me thrift shopping. What a find this place was! It is impossible to categorize it; like a thrift store but so much more. This place is completely novel! From the friendly staff greeting us with free hot cider and spicy popcorn to nibble as we shopped, to the classic punk music playing throughout, to the one-of-a-kind vintage finds and the great deals on the samples, AND the large room with racks of great deals on used clothes, I was in heaven. If I hadn't already blown most of my money at the Village de Valeur and the other conventional thrift store we went to, I'd have bought more. Even if you don't buy anything, it's an experience. Oh, and they have samosas for a dollar. What? at a clothing store? Amazing.
1	This is just not my kind of place. When you walk in, it's immediately sensory overload. There is stuff EVERYWHERE- hanging from the ceiling, all over the floor, and racks and racks of dusty clothes. There is a bunch of food at the front that looks good enough, but the place is so dusty, dark, and dirty feeling that despite how hungry I am, I'm never tempted. They give you free popcorn and tea samples when you walk in, which are decent enough but I just don't enjoy eating in an environment like this. You can rent costumes downstairs but the ceiling is extremely low and it smells even worse down there. I went down there this year to browse Halloween costume ideas but very quickly had to come upstairs because I started feeling extremely claustrophobic. I also brought a large bag of clothes here to sell once, most of which were in really good shape. The bag was probably at least 10lbs and for all those good quality clothes, they gave me $5. To be honest, I was quite offended because most of my stuff was definitely nicer than what was on the racks.Anyway, some people really love this place- I feel like it is quite polarizing. You either hate it or you love it. It's just not my thing and I don't think I'll be coming back.
