4	This place is a whole lot better than you would think. Although it is a chain restaurant the stewed meat they use seems homemade and they give you a giant amount on their tacos. If you want some great cheap Mexican food in a hurry you could do a lot worse. The burritos are beyond huge and everything is very tasty. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Also, choice of a free cookie or small ice cream for dessert.
1	Worst food  and service ever;  about 1 tablespoon of filling in a breakfast burrito and clerk wouldn't answer any questions: food tastes bad - pass this restaurant by!
4	I'm a sucker for fries and Mexican food and this place has them both. It was ran by all teenage boys who were all seemingly nice...they just couldn't get our orders right. "No special sauces" turned into "go ahead keep the ones that I put the sauce on". I can deal with that after they gladly replaced them, but I can't deal with beef instead of chicken... Over all, I'd go back again and was torn between a 3 and 4 star rating.
1	If you've ever thought, "it's impossible to mess up a quesadilla!" Then come to del taco for the most bland cheese experience between a flour tortilla in all four corners of the world. No amount of hot sauce could make the quesadilla here appetizing.
2	Nine dollars for one TINY carnitas taco and a medium order of jalapeno rings. What a rip off! The rude lady working the drive through hit the wrong button on the register, cursed, then grabbed a calculator to total my order of two items. I should have questioned the nine dollar total, and had I known how minuscule the carnitas taco was going to be (seriously, it was one bite, that's it) I certainly would have. Now don't get the wrong idea, this place has problems beyond just the price and point of sale issues. I usually don't complain about price and I'm willing to pay if the food is good, but there was nothing about the food to redeem my experience. The taco was dry, like it had been sitting quite a while, and flavorless. I live less than a mile from this place and will never be back.
1	Soooooo slow! Took over 20 minutes for to go order. Three people working as one. Had over 7 orders stacked up. Took there sweet time. Worst fast food experience ever.
2	Staff were very friendly and courteous.  Food only so so. Taco shells tasted very old I did not eat mind (smelled like bad oil).  Food temperature was warm could be hotter.
