1	I usually go elsewhere when I do laundry but as of late it seems any laundromat I go to seems to be on the fritz of despair. I recently went to this location, they had 27 I repeat 27 machines that did not work, it was a mess, and the coin machine I repeat the coin machine was out of service...how the fuck am I suppose to do laundry without quarters. Luckily I brought some with me and also had some on reserve in my car ashtray, but I am short just a few bucks for drying. So the girl behind the counter notifies me that she has change which I promptly hand her a 20 and say can I get like two dollars worth of change. she says she can not change out a 20 dollar bill. I have had the worse luck at laundromats lately I swear between the dimwitted help and broken machines the only reason this place did not get a flaming bag of dog poo thrown against it's window is because it has a few classic arcade games inside...that probably are out of order too!!!
3	Wow, I actually go out of my way to hit this "nicer" laundromat.  The machines are cheap and I mean cheap.  A 4 load wash is under $4 (I think it's $3.25 and you pay an extra .25 for hot water wash).  The laundromat is always clean and I actually get my clothes dry quickly since the clean the lint traps regularly.  I my experience... all laundromats are sweltering hot, I mean 50 dryers going all at once and you expect to be blissfully comfortable.  Dream on.  In the year that I have been going there, I have rarely seen machines out of order.  I'd like to say twice, but possibly 3 times.  Laundry is a suck ass chore, but at least I can knock it out in a decent place.
1	it was a dump. There was no one around to help. and half the machines were down.
5	This is the best laundry mat I've ever been to. It was clean. There was lots of space. There is an attendant there who helped us when we had a hard time getting change. I don't want anybody else talking about this laundromat is awesome!!
3	This is a good place to do a lot of laundry in a short amount of time. It is probably five stars during the slowest hours. I wouldn't recommend coming on the weekends.  The laundry carts are hard to get and parking can be limited. They do have change machines that work well.
4	I have been going to this laundromat for about 5 years now.  It's great!  Water is always hot, and the dryers are always drying.  It's a laundromat people.  What more are you expecting?  $3.00 for a triple and $4.00 for a quad and you get a pre-wash and a regular wash?  Can't beat that.  Yes it's crowded on certain days of the week and certain times of the day, but there are many people out there who do not have the luxury of a home washer and dryer.  I get in and get out as best and as fast as I can.  I will go to the Firehouse subs or Filaberto's while I wait for my clothes to dry.  I have never had any issue with my clothes being tampered with or messed with.  They could use more carts but overall I think this is the best coin operated (what's left of them) laundromat in the city.  I will continue to go here.
3	They raised the prices on the machines by a quarter.  There still aren't enough laundry carts to go around. There are like only 7 in the entire laundromat. When it's packed it's every man for himself.
