5	Sherry Does a Great job.  She is very professional and has a very cozy room for skin care.  My procedure was very relaxing and left feeling rejuvenated.  Thanks again!
5	Quality service, warm atmosphere! Sherry provides skilled, soothing skin care treatments. I left feeling relaxed and refreshed.
2	I just bought a groupon for a facial. Sherry's vm says, she will return ph calls within in an hour. I sure hope she calls me back. I would love to have a facial given all the fabulous reviews.
1	If I could give NEGATIVE 5 stars - I would!!!Awful experience.  First I called Sherry, repeatedly without response, unable to leave a voicemail, I left several text messages, still no response.  Then her phone was disconnected, finally, I got through.  The date I wanted (yesterday, my daughter's birthday) to schedule she couldn't do, so she booked me for the following day.  Well, I showed up today, she was NOT there.  No call to cancel or reschedule.  After several failed attempts at phoning her - she began sending my phone directly to voicemail (which was STILL full)!  I then proceeded to text her asking if she was planning on coming in, as we had 2 appointments scheduled, back-to-back (9-10 and 10-11).  Still NO response!!!  I cancelled my Groupon and luckily was told I'd receive a FULL refund...  I WARN YOU to STAY AWAY!  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!
1	Like Jennifer S. and SM L., I also purchased the Pure Elements Groupon deal and had a horrible experience. It looked like Sherry had some fantastic yelp reviews, so I was eager to try out her services and leave her a rave review as well. However, my experience with her customer service has been nothing but pure frustration.As others have mentioned - Sherry's voicemail box is constantly full, which makes it impossible to leave a message about scheduling an appointment. I called three times over three days and could not get a hold of her. She is also unresponsive to text messages, even though she offered texting as a way of getting a hold of her. Finally, I sent a message through the Pure Elements website, hoping to get a response within 48 hours as is promised online. Still nothing.After spending numerous days unsuccessfully scheduling an appointment, I contacted the Groupon customer service representatives to see if they could help me get in contact with Sherry. They said they'd left my phone number with her and that I should expect to be contacted by the business within three business days to schedule an appointment. It has already been three business days. Needless to say, I will be asking Groupon for a refund.I've never known any business owner to be so unresponsive to their customers. Honestly, if you aren't going to bother with your Groupon customers, why even offer a deal in the first place?
1	Like several other reviewers here, I purchased a Groupon thinking that it'd be a nice way to try out getting a facial with a new esthetician.  First, I tried using the online booking method on the website.  This doesn't work - it leads to the booking company but provides no link to the individual business' scheduling app.Second, I tried calling.  The voicemail box was full every time I called.Third, I tried using the contact form on the website.  No response.Finally, the Groupon expired, and the business never returned my requests to schedule an appointment.  I am sorry to leave such a negative review for a business that I couldn't even try -- but why don't they return scheduling requests?  If the business isn't capable of handling the volume of customers from a Groupon deal, why pursue it and risk the negative reviews?Groupon gave me a full refund thankfully, because at this point, I'm put off by the fact that they ignored my contacts!
1	My first of the three groupon facials I purchased was wonderful.  The 2nd was a no show by Sherry.  After contact with groupon customer service multiple times, Sherry was back and "ready to honor" my remaining facials. She never called me to set it up despite knowing she had stood me up in late June.  Instead I contacted her to set up the facial.   Last night, after rushing from work to be on time for my appointment, she was again a no show and had a fellow business owner come out to tell me she was "running behind" and was at least 1 1/2 hours away.  I'm back in touch with groupon for a refund and I'm done dealing with Sherry.
