5	I love Dr. Harman!I have been through three other dentists in three years and finally have found someone who is competent, professional AND friendly.  I don't know what it is with dentists, but there are a lot of rejects out there.I'm never kept waiting forever, and all of the staff is extremely friendly.  The Dr. asks more questions than my prior dentists have, and actually seems to be paying attention to what's going on in my mouth.  For example, no one has ever probed around in there looking for indications of oral cancers, which I have confirmed with other pals who see him is apparently part of his regular routine.  Definitely recommend!
5	This office is great.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Dr. Harman is very professional, personable, and most importantly, answers the questions that the patient has.  I highly recommend this office.
4	If you had trouble locating this place, note that it's upstairs in the Arcadia Towne Center.Funny enough, I haven't had an actual service done here yet, but coming here for my initial consultation has me recommending this place to anyone needing to go to a dentist.First off, the reception is excellent.  I set up my appointment using ZocDoc before coming in the same day, and received an email from Penny a few hours before my appointment asking for my insurance credentials.  This place utilizes technology in order to get you in and out quicker, which is a definite plus for me.  When I came in, an older fellow came in right before me, and addressed him in a way that shows they actually care about and remember their clients.My New Patient routine included xrays of all of my teeth by a very nice dental hygienist, who told where my problem areas were.  It was nice to have these things explained instead of having services I "needed" thrown at me.  Unfortunately, I would have to come in for a deep cleaning that would require 2 visits, but when I asked why it would take 2, I was told only because most people found a 3-hour visit inconvenient for them.  So, if you don't mind having a 3 hour cleaning, you only have to come back once!  Good to know, right?Dr. Harman also came in to check to see if I had any signs of oral cancer, which I've heard isn't a common practice elsewhere, but part of his usual routine.
