3	This gc is pretty decent, the service is friendly and it's one of the few places a guy my age(56) can go and still be called dude.www.myspace.com/slideroolz
5	Lets set the scene. Its 7 am on Black Friday. I am 6th in line outside in the freezing ass 40 something degree weather with a bunch of people that looked like they had played D&D all.night.long. I am on a mission. The husbands bday and Christmas are both fast approaching. The husband has talked no stop ever since we met about how badly he wanted/needed a new drum set. Guitar Center is selling a $1200 Pearl set for $600 bones, Sweet. So I size up my competition, I mean the people in line around me. None of The immediate people around me are there for the drum set, but I can hear a few people back talking about the exact drum set. I've never set foot in a GC before. I have no music skill what so ever. So I ask the people in front of me where the drum section is so I can make a break for it when they unlock the doors. They inform me and I get my game face on. The doors fly open at 8 and off I go. I see a sale associate standing in front of the drum section, I make eye contact with him and give him a gesture to let him know I mean business. The person I dealt with was named Sean (Or at least that's the name of the cashier on my receipt) He was extremely helpful, He answered all the questions I had and even lugged all the drum boxes out to my car for me and loaded them up. I had a very good experience here.
2	As a piano/guitar teacher, I frequent music stores alot. Had mixed experiences here over the years. A few days ago, the Guitar dept guy was very helpful and nice. Just now, I went to purchase a strap and was totally ignored - which has happened before. Sam Ash has always noticed me (I'm actually hard to miss) so this is where I send my students.
3	Some staff makes you feel like you don't know what you're doing or what you want. Been here plenty of times for plenty of different reasons. There are some very great and helpful people here. Then there are the "know-it-alls" who think they are so hot shit. Price is okay. Quality and selection are pretty expansive. There's some broken display instruments that I don't think anyone cares about. It's 50-50 here but it's WAY better than the one in Tempe.
2	I really don't frequent these stores and this last visit confirms why... The staff is friendly enough, it's just I hate the puzzled looks on their faces when you ask questions about certain products and they really don't know the answers. I will continue visiting the smaller music stores because they seem to know more and it's much better to support small business.
4	I love guitar center. I have been coming to this store since it opened and moved and reopened. They always have awesome deals on used stuff. I have spent more money here than anywhere in my life. The staff has changed a lot over the years. I miss Tim Livingston, a lot. He was the best employee ever. He could remember everything he ever sold you. He was a gear hound, could match you to the right product and if he didn't have he would find it and call you. Many of the good staff I have met at GC over the years now works down the road at Sam Ash. The selection over there is a little more on the low end, but the staff is more knowledgable and honest. I still love GC and will continue to spend here but I think they need to work on the commission structure to retain their good employees.
5	Been going to this location for many years, since before the move and I've always had friendly service. Went in yesterday just to look around and noticed they have a repair area now. I talked to Edward for a bit and decided to bring in my guitar that was set up horribly by someone else. After a quick trip home I brought my guitar in and while I waited I ended up buying a new bass and amp (impulse buy). Got the call today that my guitar was ready and as promised, Edward fixed the issues I had and got the guitar set up properly and made some repairs. Very happy with the work done (and my new gear).
5	Arron Kyle and the team at this Guitar Center location went above and beyond to help a local band out who barely made it to the store before the store was closed.  Thanks for the capo and saving the day Arron!
3	Went in looking for a banjo. Yes, a banjo. After passing multiple employees and making eye contact, one older gentleman in the back finally asked if he could help. He showed me to the acoustic room. The selection was minimal at best and the employee stationed there knew even less than I did about banjos...and that isn't much. I guess you just can't hire very knowledgeable employees for what they probably pay being a "big box" chain store. Overall it was clean, well lit and organized.
