5	Scottsdale Doggie Suites is a life saver. I have a 120 pound 2 year old doberman/mastiff. He isn't the most trained dog and that tied with his extremely active and playful nature makes him a very hard dog for most places to handle. Doggie Suites has accepted Murphy as their own and take the best care of him. All day play and multiple walks a day allow me to feel comfortable leaving him there for longer trips knowing that he wont be locked up in a cage most of the day. They also have a grooming salon that is top notch and excellently priced. Boarding Murphy isn't to expensive considering what you get for your money. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable. My dog will not stay any where else and looks forward to going to day camp and a overnight sleep over. Call Shayna and she will set you up for a great boarding experience.
5	Pros: I thought I had written a review last year? Anyways, my dog has been coming here a year and he LOVES it. Every morning he happily licks my face and walks in on his own. We also use the boarding services; no complaints. Cons: People think I'm nuts for paying for doggie day care. But I think it's cruel to leave your dog at home for 8 hrs a day by himself. If the best part of your dog's day is going on a walk with you, you're probably a bad dog owner.
5	We love this place  More importantly, our dog Ziggy likes it.  He's a fairly shy miniature poodle, and he gets overwhelmed at packed doggy daycare places.  Scottsdale Doggie Suites is right on the greenbelt, so every dog gets to be walked around a great area.  The staff is very sweet and they have separate play areas for big and small dogs.  For the price, you can't beat Doggie Suites.
1	I have brought my dog here multiple times for bathing. The groomer was terrific!It is the personnel running the place that stinks! They (the girls) answer the phone and always put you on hold. f-o-r-e-v-e-r.... They ask you a stupid question like "Do you want barks and bubbles?" when you need a dog to be groomed. They are never at the front desk when you walk in or want to pay. They just have an attitude that is unprofessional and one of the girls seems to be running a real estate business out of the store. The poor dogs in the back are always barking like crazy. Sorry there are too many great places to go even if it is less convenient and I will have to find another groomer.
5	Our dog, Dom  black cattle dog/lab had a blast there. He played the entire time  and was knocked out when we took him home. We were given a written report when we picked him up and a photo of his smiling face when we were away. It meant a lot to us, we will definitely come back, he seemed to really enjoy it. We boarded 1 night to try it out  and glad we did. My only concern was the powerful pee smell, but dogs are dogs he must have rolled around on it bc he brought it back home, so an immediate bath was given. I still give it 5 stars bc he had a great time.
5	My golden retriever Ryder just spent the weekend here and had a blast. This place definitely deserves the rating as they send picture updates of your dog throughout the stay to ensure they are having a good time. They give you a report card at the end of your dogs stay to let you know how they were eating and how they were interacting with other dogs. This place is on top of it and will highly consider going back!
5	SO let me start off by saying how i hate longwinded reviews but i have to give credit where credit is due.  This place is soooo accomodating!  Everyone was super helpful and sweet!  I had two English Bulldogs and a Great Dane puppy in tow.  We headed to Scottsdale for the long Labor Day weekend and scheduled an oil change for our vehicle on the day that we drove in.  Well, needless to say, we were running a little late and my husband dropped us off at the Doggie Suites and took off to get the service done.  Not knowing how the puppy was going to react, i was afraid that he would not be able to participate in the group playtime.  Sure enough, upon arrival, the staff was extremely helpful, took one dog back to the play area at a time, and then the Great Dane was extremely nervous and shy.  Instead of telling me to get out with my "unsocialized" pup, they did everything that they could to  make him (and ME!) comfortable.  They moved other dogs out of the play area so that our pup could start off playing with my other two and slowly introduced the other dogs one at a time.  This was after they offered me dooty bags after i forgot mine in the vehicle so i could take the pup for a walk so he could be "re-introduced" to the pack and letting us stay in a suite while they moved everyone around.  WHAT SERVICE!The next day we dropped them off for a 8 hour play date again and once again, everyone was very willing to work with my pup so he could feel comfortable and loved.  They even sent me video of him hanging out with big sister in the luxury suite on their break!There are at least 2 people back there with them monotiring the area and always have them in their best interest.  I will definately be using them when we return to the Scottsdale area!  I am a very protective "doggie mom" and feel confident that i could recommend them to everyone without a doubt!Thank you again everyone for all that you did for my little ones!
2	While the staff here was friendly, I don't think I'll be returning my dog here anytime soon. He came home with some dried blood in the crevices on his face, and while I know he can be obnoxious and that he probably brought an injury upon himself, an explanation from the staff when we picked him up would've made a difference in how we felt about the situation. However, instead we brought him home and then later found the scabs. I don't like that you can't see the dogs in the play area, and when you walk in it almost sounds like they're all just locked up when I believe they say that all day play is included. A few other things happened but they were pretty minor and could've just been a miscommunication on my part. Overall, I think the employees care a lot about the dogs and I don't fault them at all, but I do feel that management is trying to cut corners or refrain from telling the whole story and I can't say that I would trust them again. Very nice facility, though!
5	Very dog-friendly place and the manager, Shayna, is amazing! Very knowledgeable about dogs, what makes them tick, and what makes them behave. The dogs I saw upon this visit seemed right at home and having a great time with the staff. There is an on-site grooming area as well if you want your dog spruced up for their return home. There is also a cat area separated from the dogs so if you have a cat you don't want left alone while you're away, you can take them to Shayna and she will gladly get you set up with accomodations for your cat while you are gone on a vacation or business trip.I would recommend this place to any of my Scottsdale-area friends or even others who I know have dogs.
1	Please think twice before getting your pet(s) groomed here or having them care for your pet(s). My dog was injured while in their care. I posted a review and somehow it was deleted. I used a Living Social coupon to come here. Big mistake.  I was new to town. They claimed it was a pre-existing condition; however, I have test results that prove otherwise. I incurred almost $1000 in vet bills and they would not cover the charges but they did fire the groomer.
5	So after a disaster of an experience at the Petsmart Pet Hotel and Doggie Daycare (read my review for more details), I was in desperate need of daycare for my 7 month old puggle, Penelope. Enter Doggie Suites!Let me first take the opportunity to say how daycare is not a luxury for me...it is a NECESSITY! Like seriously, I will NEVER go back to the dark days of living without it! That being said it's super important to find a good one.I took Penelope here today for the second time and love love love this business so far. The staff is so friendly (they remembered her by name today! Only after one day? Impressive.) and also the manager Shayna has experience working in vets, definitely a plus in my book.  I also like that they have other services such as grooming, boarding and even pet training. As a single dog mom that works fulltime, I don't have the time or will to find multiple places to take my dog so a one stop shop is a huge bonus. Also, they send you photos and videos of your dog while he/she plays! How cute! Especially if you worry about your little fur baby like I do. Nice to see them having fun and making friends! Seriously talk about exceeding customer expectations! Well played Doggie Suites. Well played.
5	Such a wonderful place to send your fur baby!!! My good friend Shayna is the manager at SDS, so naturally this was the only place I considered for boarding my dog for the first time. Besides the fact that she is a trained veterinary technician and a truly amazing person - SDS is flat out a great place for your pet!! TONS of playtime, awesome/knowledgable/professional staff, and a clean environment!!PLUS - they send pictures and videos so you know your pet is doing well! My dog, Atticus (usually shy) made friends and didn't want to leave!I will definitely be sending him back to SDS when I leave town again!
4	I had been looking for a doggie daycare close to my house for quite a while when I stumbled upon this place a mere mile from my house. It is in a strip mall, so it doesn't look like much, but the staff is just awesome. Shayna, the manager, is amazing. She gets to know the dogs and their personalities, so you know they are getting great care. I have yet to board Bru overnight, as I am hesitant given that there is no staff there overnight. However, I might try it just because the staff is so great. If there were overnight staff, I'd definitely give five stars.
5	I wanted to make sure to submit a positive review for Scottsdale Doggie Suites. I interviewed several daycare facilities, and had a few unpleasant experiences.  SDS was clean, attentive and took care of my dog as if one of their own.   My pup (as pictured in my profile) was a regular daycare attendee and loved it.  I trusted that Bella was safe in the hands of Shayna and staff.  Bella was happy each and every time I picked her up.  We have now moved to San Diego, but I highly recommend SDS for your dog's daycare needs.  I also used the grooming service for her nails, and they did an excellent job.  Bella misses her friends at Scottsdale Doggie Suites.
5	I love Scottsdale Doggie Suites! I take both of my dogs there to be groomed regularly. I find the receptionist (Rebecca) totally awesome. She is very friendly and pleasant to talk too. The groomers that work on the dogs are always incredibly friendly and write down everything you ask for so there are no mistakes. My dogs always come back the way I wanted them groomed and very happy. The facility is very clean which is a huge deal for me. I have always had a great experience taking both my dogs here and will continue to do so. I highly recommend SDS for your next dog grooming!
3	I was planning to board my dogs here - I like that the have the option of keeping two dogs in a big room, but after touring the facility I was not comfortable leaving my dogs here.  First, as another reviewer stated, the pee smell overwhelms you when you step into their lobby.  This probably doesn't bother the dogs (they love pee smells!) but to me it indicated that their facility was not very clean/sanitary.Another thing that turned me off is that the large "luxury" kennels have couches in them that have been chewed apart.  Aside from that, I'm sure the couches have been peed on all over.  And they are too large to wash, so who knows what kind of bugs or critters might be living in there that could pass from dog to dog.Lastly, the play area seemed smaller in person than in the pictures.  I don't think your animal would be mistreated or anything if you left them here, but for my dog, it wasn't the right fit.
5	Love this daycare!!! My husband and I searched high and low for a place to take our 2 lovely ladies Brooklyn and Hendrix and were so happy when we found Doggie Suites. Shana is very personalized and our dogs absolutely love going here. If we hadn't moved up north they would still be going weekly!!! We still board them when we are out of town and wished we lived closer.
5	I just recently went out of town and needed to find boarding for my big American Bulldog. After doing some research and checking out another place that looked identical to the pound, I was starting to worry until I came across Scottsdale Doggie Suites. Shayna was super helpful and made me feel completely comfortable. Taylor and the rest of the staff loved and treated my dog like their own despite the fact that my dog can be a little difficult at times. Nothing made me feel better than when they texted me daily photos of her. The place is clean, affordable, loving and I will definitely recommend it to my friends.
1	So my review is just based off of yesterday's phone service.. It wasn't terrible but I'mextremely annoyed by the miscommunication I'm "supposed" to be a new client and I called to make an appointment for my dog this weekend I was told that I couldn't make an appointment unless the grooming manager was there which I find a bit odd and on top of that I was told to call today at 8am because the manager would be in TODAY and to my surprise the grooming facility is CLOSED on Tuesdays. Shouldn't an employee be aware of this? I'm normally not a bratty reviewer I just don't like this type of miscommunication specially if it could mean I might not get the appointment when I wanted it after I did call ahead of time.
5	I have been meaning to sit down and write a review for some time now, where does the time go anyway?? Anyways, yesterday's daycare stay was the icing on this already fantastic cake!I have been taking my 8 month old pit puppy here for about 5 months, and my other two pits have stayed here as well! It has been very hard for me to find any boarding/daycare facility that is pit bull friendly. Most places will board them, but won't give them any extra play times. This is not the case at Doggie Suites. My other two dogs aren't consistently good with other dogs, but Shayna( the GM) makes sure they get plenty of walks, love, and play time together! With my younger one, I am trying to socialize him as much as possible. Doggie suites is THE only place that will allow him to do that, in a safe and fun environment! They don't care if he is a pit bill or that he isn't neutered yet, in fact Shayna encourages me to bring him as often as I can so that he will stay as dog friendly as he has been. It's very comforting to know that my babies are judged on their breed. Any dog that goes in there is judged solely on their present behavior, which is awesome! Now back to Saturday- when I Bring Turtle to daycare it's usually during the week, but this last Saturday I picked up an overtime shift at work and figured T would like to see his friends. When I picked him up from daycare, not only was he exhausted, he was cleaner than when I dropped him off!! Rebecca, one of the owners, decided to give him a bath for me! I had mentioned when I dropped him off that I was probably going to give him a bath later if I wasn't too tired from my Saturday shift. Doggie suites took it upon themselves to help me out and give him a bath for me, free! It's the little things that count and that was such a kind gesture! Plus- daycare is only $20 a day while most places charge over $30!As I write this, turtle is giving me "take me to daycare" stare.Thanks guys for everything!
4	So after my first review when I was finally able to make an appointment for my pup to get groomed I've been back a couple of times and I have to say I love it I just wish it wasn't so far away from my house. My dog loves coming here and you can tell she plays a lot since she sleeps all day after we pick her up. The price for a full day of daycare is great. The grooming is not the best but it's not terrible my dog just didn't come out smelling as good as I was used to with our groomers back in San Diego, also when you get your dog groomed and don't pick them up right away they start charging you for the hours extra you leave them there that is just one downfall for me. At my groomers in San Diego I was able to leave her for a while to play with other dogs before she actually got groomed for no extra cost and after she got groomed as well which was amazing!! Aside from that this place is friendly, reasonably priced for a full day of daycare and as long as I can continue to make the commute I'll keep bringing my dog here for daycare.
5	I didn't know much about these great folks until I went to visit a dog that was being returned to my rescue. Shayna and Rebecca are not just nice people, they are truly people who care about the well being of all the dogs who come through their door. The facility (which is going to expand soon) is clean, the kennels are friendly and warm (my recsue's dog has her own couch!) and the proximity of the golf course makes for a good area to walk them. I want to thank the gals for being accommodating to my rescue's situation and would recommend anyone who needs to board their dog to bring them here, they will take good care of your pooch!
5	This is the only place I trust to watch my pup. Doggie Suites is simply the best! I started bringing my GSD here for daycare when I was going to school at Scottsdale Community College, so the poor guy wouldn't get so bored at home, and we both loved it. He is a mellow boy but can sometimes get anxiety. Shayna and her team know just how to make him and I comfortable. I love getting pictures of him during his visits! I have also boarded him a few times and they are always very flexible if he has to stay an extra day or more hours than expected. Shayna and Rebeca could not be more professional, friendly and knowledgeable. On my pups first over night stay he was so anxious that Shayna actually offered and, with my grateful permission, took him home with her to help him feel more comfortable! All of the suites are roomy, and safe with beds and some include a couch to make your pet feel more at home. When I pick him up from a boarding I am given a report card of his behavior as well as a feeding and bowl movement chart and any important notes to reassure and inform me of my pups health during his stay. The facility is bright and clean and I love that my dog spends most of his stays playing fetch in the monitored play area with other temperament tested dogs. Every time we get within a mile of Doggie Suites he seems to know we are close and can not contain his excitement and within minutes of picking him up he is passed out cold in the back seat. Clearly a good time is had by all here. : ) I would absolutely recommend this place and do so quite often. Thanks to Shayna and the team at Scottsdale Doggie Suites for giving me a perfect place to board and groom!
5	So glad I found this place! After adopting a pitbull mix from the shelter, I never knew how hard it would be to find a place to take her while I'm away. We originally brought her to the petsmart petshotel for boarding and we were told that since she's a pitbull she can't play in the day camp with the other dogs while she's boarding. And they would charge an extra $9 per day for her to have individual play time and walks so she wasn't stuck in a crate for 24 hours. So when it came to the flight I booked home for Christmas for 6 days, I knew I wasn't leaving her in a crate for that long. After calling about a million boarding places, this was the ONLY one I could find that was pitbull friendly. And it's so reasonably priced! I love that the day camp is included in the price of the boarding, and that my doggie was allowed in it! All they asked was that she passed a temperament test to make sure she got along well with other dogs. And they assured me that even if she didn't get along well, they would give her individual walks and play time included in the price of boarding. She is a little wild when it comes to playing with other dogs since she's a puppy and was in a shelter for most of her life, so she hasn't been well socialized. But the staff was super helpful and understanding and told me that when she got wild, they just rotated her out for 30 minutes to let her calm down. I love that they didn't immediately discriminate and call her aggressive. After a full day of day camp, she was PASSED OUT all night and it was amazing to not have to deal with a crazy pup after a long day. If only this place wasn't 30 min from my house, I would take her every day to get all that puppy energy out. They also send you pictures while your pup is there, so cute! I've already booked her boarding for this weekend and for our Christmas trip, and I will certainly make the drive out any time we need to leave her. What I love most is that I don't feel bad leaving her here while I'm away, because I know she's loving it! Thank you Scottsdale Doggie Suites for accepting my little pit! :)
5	My dog Murph Man has been coming here for years. The staff are all dog lovers and I love the picture updates they send throughout the day. Murphy always comes home tired from playing with the other dogs and the walks they take him on throughout the day. I would recommend DS to any Scottsdale dog owner!
