5	Definitely recommend this place!We went out here for dinner on Saturday, small cozy atmosphere, very good service, nice layout. the food is awesome, we got to try out a few of the entrees, honey ginger shrimp was good, salmon tartar was really good, I loved the buffalo mozzarella, but the mac n cheese was awesome. after all that I had the duck confit, very good as well, washed down with a nice bottle of wine. cant go wrong, and the cookie dessert is really worth saving or making some room for.
4	For a leisurely casual business lunch (read, somewhat slow service), this Taverne fits the bill eloquently. Surrounded by lots of business people both inside, dressed in suits, and outside on the terrace enjoying vino at lunch, I could have spend hours here. Who knew that warm goat cheese with roasted tomatoes and spinach salad could be so beautifully perched as a terrine next to a bed of dressed greens and taste so divine. It's the most delicate and tasty salad. And perfect if your lunch includes lots of chatting, as mine tend to.I will most certainly be back!
4	Or La Taverne Monkland.  Very good food, fantastic atmosphere.  A tad pricey compared to a nice downtown restaurant but Monkland village is becoming more and more a trendy destination to eat.  You can park on a side street to save from meter parking and buy a cappuccino after dinner instead!  Only negative is that they don't take reservations so you may have to line up...bit of a bummer.
5	I've been visiting this restaurant for years and have finally gotten around to writing a review.  The first thing I always notice is much of the staff is present for years at a time.  This is so rare in the restaurant industry, something special must be keeping them here.  Secondly, the music is consistently well-chosen and the decor warm and inviting.  Most importantly, I've never had a bad meal here.  The menu always includes fresh produce from the market.  Their presentation is beautiful and without pretense.  The portions are just right and their wine list is consistently delightful.  Every time I visit Montreal, I make sure to visit the Tavern.
5	I was tramping around Montreal by foot when a big snow storm hit.  My husband and I kept looking for an open restaurant or pub so we could get out of the weather.  Because of the holidays, not much was open (or friendly, oddly enough) and our faces were frozen.  Without nearby options, I said, let's get on the metro and go to the Tavern.  I was not disappointed with our choice.The staff was friendly and welcoming as usual.  As we sat at the bar, we watched the restaurant quickly fill up with neighborhood locals.  We started with the ginger shrimp.  My husband was amazed to see me devour the shrimp as I don't particularly like seafood.  I said, I don't like shrimp, but I eat them here.  They're that good.For mains, we split the salmon tartare.  The crostini was perfectly toasted and the salmon was married perfectly with its bed of cool, creamy avocado.  We also split the mac and cheese and the meatball sliders.  The sliders were perfect.  Just the right amount of spice and sauce over juicy meatballs.  I have never ordered the mac and cheese here because I always refused to spend over twenty dollars on something that I can make well at home.  Big mistake.  This is not your grandmother's mac and cheese.  It is worth every penny and I would be tempted to move to Montreal in order to eat this on a regular basis.  Bite the bullet and find out what you're missing.I can't wait to come back the next time I'm in town!
5	Hands down the best service in Montreal & best comfort food. The Monkland Tavern is my recommendation when you are planning a date or a good dinner with some boys. Love the staff, Love Barb, Love the food. Its a must.Lastly, please get the Mac'n'Cheese, I dare you to find one that is better then Monkland's in the city.
5	All I can say is Barbara is the lady on the floor.....Also the food is to die for.
5	Very good food, very good service. A little bit pricey but worth going. Definitely recommend this place for a guaranteed good moment.
4	Tavern is one of my mom's regular neighborhood  spots and I have to agree that it is always consistent in terms of food and service.There is often a wait and it gets very loud but we arrived around 6:15 on a rainy, Saturday night so there were only a few people seated when we arrived.They have a seasonal daily menu along with their regular menu, so there are plenty of options and something is sure to tempt your palate.We started off with the crunchy, coconut shrimp. They are a nice size, plump and juicy with a sweet honey sauce. Their salmon tartare and calamari are also  solid choice as starters.The Mac and cheese is usually my go to dish when eating here because it is truly one of the best macaroni and cheese's I have ever tasted. A mix of cheese, garlic , a little tomato and truffle oil perfectly merge together for a melt in your mouth, decadent experience. It is a hearty portion that is great for sharing but it is definitely worth indulging in if you love macaroni and cheese.But on this visit, I wasn't starving nor did I want to leave feeling stuffed so I chose the hanger steak which came with a fennel salad.The steak was beyond tender, deliciously flavored and perfectly cooked to medium as I had requested. It was served with a red wine sauce and I enjoyed every mouthful.The salad was on the salty side and did nothing for me but I didn't order this for salad, so no biggie.My mom had the pork chop, a huge monster sized portion served with bocconcini salad. I'm not a fan of pork chops but it's aroma appealed to my senses and I had a bite, which I enjoyed thoroughly.  It was lightly breaded and nicely spiced and I definitely recommend it.We were both in the mood for something sweet and chose the bread pudding with caramel sauce. It was moist and custardy with chocolate chips nestled in between a caramel sauce. Overall it was good but the caramel was sparse in quantity and could have been thicker.All and all a top food choice in NDG.
1	So noisy we could not have a conversation.   Asked to be moved.   There was a table available but not for us.   No accommodation made.  We left.  Won't return.
