4	We selected this restaurant based on Hoang-Khai's very positive Yelp review and I'm so glad that we happened on this lovely family-owned restaurant in the western reaches of the Plateau. We dined there on a lively Friday night with a group of six and we all enjoyed the evening very much. When I lived in Montreal I didn't have kids and didn't give a thought to whether an establishment would be kid-friendly or not but now it's very much on my mind and to my delight, T&T is very kid-friendly while at the same time hospitable to adults and student-types alike. The back area is spacious and simple with long tables and bench-like seating around the exterior. The menu is straightforward and simple - tortas (Mexican sandwiches), tacos, and churros. I like the simplicity but I would say that a few appetizers would be a welcome addition. We were a group catching up after a long time of not seeing each other and we wanted our meal to last longer than just one course. I would have liked to start with some house-made chips and salsa and drinks or sopes or something. As it was we ordered three tortas to share - the vegetarian, milanesa (breaded beef filet), and pulled pork. The two meat tortas were quite delectable - the bread was soft and sopped up garlicky sauces quite nicely. I would say that the pepper in the vegetable torta would taste great if roasted - I think it would make the sandwich easier to eat. On to the tacos - there are four tacos in each order so I definitely recommend pairing up and sharing. We had the fish, carnitas (pork belly to me was a little dry here), and the al pastor, which I loved. The salty-sweet with the addition of the pineapple is so nice. Drinks for me were the very refreshing Paloma (I loved the addition of Aperol in this drink) and the Chelada - a bloody Caesar with Corona. Mojitos, limonada, and some other items were also available along with beer, so there is definitely a nice variation of items. Churros for dessert are a must - we tried the dulce de leche and the chocolate and they were both incredible. Hot out of the fryer and drizzled with sweetness. The bamboo boards and salsa service is quite lovely too. Big plus: house-made tortillas! Amazing! This is a great discovery and I can't wait to return!
5	I visited this restaurant with a group of friends. As the other reviewers wrote, it is definitely kid friendly, but also easily accommodates adults looking to grab some drinks and nomz. The food is AWESOME. The menu is simple, which I like, because I don't need to spend an hour looking. Tacos or tortas. Those are your options. I had the carnitas (pork belly) and it was amazing. My partner had the fish taco (fried) and they were to die for. These aren't massive tacos, but they are reasonably priced and the presentation is quite stunning, and it comes with 4 on a wooden serving tray. The tortillas are clearly home-made and are awesome. They came with 3 types of sauces - a habanero sauce (epic), a red-tomato sauce (very mild) and a green sauce with avocado. the drinks were also amazing!!! i'm definitely coming back to this place frequently.
3	New taco and torta joint right off jeann-mance parc.The tacos are 12-13$, and tortas (sandwiches) are 8$.We went for the fish, pulled pork and the grilled pork with pineapple tacos.They come in four, and they make their own taco tortillas fresh and all. When you walk in you'll the kitchen on the left behind a glass window. And you see stacks of dough and tacos cooking and the griddle.I'm no expert in Mexican, and frankly I'm confused about taco tortillas. Over the years I've had hard, soft, some were borderline pitas. This was soft, and small, no pun intended :PThe tortilla tore very easily, which made is very hard to eat. The fish tacos were the best. The fish was crispy, and the cole slaw added a nice touch. Second best was the pork pineapple, I'm a sucker for pineapple. It was a nice combo. all the tacos lacked a little salt, but I think the reason is because everything is served with 3 kind of salsa, all house made, one regular, one with green tomatillos and a hot spicy one. Even with the salsa it lacked salt for me.Overall I really liked this place and I wanna try the other tacos I didn't get to try.The waitress was really nice, the wait for the tacos to come out could be a bit, but once it starts the service was very good.
5	Another addition to the taco scene, does this upstart have what it takes? Find out tonight at 6!T&T Tacos et Tortas, hidden in a corner of Rachel and Clark, serves, like the name suggests, tacos and tortas (mexican sandwich). My friend and I ordered 3 plats of tacos, you get 4 soft shell tacos and 3 kinds of sauces.A word about the sauce - they are  avocado sauce, tomato and habanero. The habanero was not as spicy as I expected and it tasted great (NOTE: If you find tabasco sauce very spicy, avoid the habanero sauce)Back to the tacos - we ordered pastor (pork n pineapple). bistec (beef and fried cactus) and pescado - fish taco.The fish taco was the winner of the evening. I did enjoy the fried cactus which at first looked like french fries but tasted more like plantain fried. They had 4 cocktails and they tasted great. Desert menu is only churros now but damn, them churros were freshly fried up and you could taste that!Chit chatting with the owner reveaked his plans to expand the menu and go with seasonal themes. I cant wait until fall to see what new treats to try now!
5	super good and fresh and fairly priced-wonderful!
4	During my vacation to Montreal, I was craving tacos.  As I Yelped possible places to try, I settled on T&T Tacos Et Tortas.  Boy, did I make a great choice! It is a small place that is away from the typical tourist spots in Montreal.  My first impression was a good one.  I really enjoyed the wait staff.  Our waitress was super friendly and knowledgable about the menu.  She gave some great recommendations including a thumbs up to the fish tacos. I was reading about how good their fish tacos were on Yelp and I decided to give that a try.  They were fantastic.  I loved the fact that they were accompanied by three different sauces.  They consisted of a mild sauce, verde, and hot sauce.  All three were terrific.  They all paired perfectly with the fish tacos.For desert, they sell churros.  Mind you, this is the only dessert on the menu.  In my opinion, they don't need to sell anything else.  They were THAT good!  We tried the churros with dolce de leche first.  Talk about amazing.  They were so good that we had to order seconds.  The second time around we ordered two dolce de leche churros and one covered in chocolate.  The chocolate option was just as good.  Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed T&T.  My only knock on them was the fact that they didn't serve chips and salsa.  While I was waiting for the tacos to come out I was in the mood for something to munch on.  That is only a small complaint.  Everything else was wonderful.  I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone in the mood for great tacos and churros!
2	Overhyped and Overpriced.The first time I ate here, I was *blown away* by the food (the service was okay). The last time I ate here, the food and service were so bad that I'll *never* go back.We ordered two kinds of tacos, the pastors and the carnitas. The meat in both of them was *extremely* dry and none of the other ingredients were fresh. I suspect that they served us leftover meat from the day before. Neither of us finished our tacos. We did *not* complain, but when our waitress asked how everything was, I explained that nothing was fresh. After speaking with the chef, she came back and explained that he said everything was fresh, so it must've been fresh.Subsequently, they offered us some complimentary churros. These too were too dry to finish.On our way out, all three members of the kitchen staff gave us dirty looks.When spending $50 on tacos, I expect a lot more out of the food and service.
4	This place is everything that Mais should be. Excellent well priced food, super fresh, super yummy, strong drinks, and very reasonable prices. About $2-3 for a taco (they come in fours), and about $9 for a super strong, well made drink. Lovely relaxed sitting, great around sunset.So why the Mais comparison? Well it's exactly the same idea almost, but here, the service is friendly and uplifting, with people that actually care.Read: when you walk in to T&T, the staff greet you, are smiling, and really nice. They take the time to spend 30 seconds just to make sure everyone has menus and understands the food, followed by another 30 seconds 5min later of friendly attention/suggestions, to make sure that our initial order is off to a great start. That 1min - whilst pathetically obvious on paper - is rare, and is a game changer. (Read my Mais review).Anyway, I will totally return here anytime in the area. Fav taco place in MTL. Loved it. Simple idea, done well.
5	First off, I'm born and raised in Texas and recently came to Montreal about a year ago.  I CANNOT express how much joy this restaurant gave me.  Fish, carnitas, or chorizo tacos.  Omfg TORTAS!  The originalMexican sub!  If you've never heard of a Poloma drink then you need to come here and try one.  I will absofreakinglutely be coming here again.
2	Was excited to try this place out as I'm always on the hunt for tasty tacos. Unfortunately, there is a lot of work to be done here before this joint warrants a higher rating. To start, it is suffering from what I call hipster inflation. Reputation does not match reality. I ate the carnitas, four average sized tacos with some unfortunate dried out pork and no complex flavour to take away from the dryness. This dish was majorly lacking, and for $12, was a ripoff. I also had a spiked lemonade cocktail which was good, not the strongest I've had, but also not too weak: run of the mill I would say. For $9 bucks, I probably wouldn't order it again since I would need 4-5 of them to get a buzz (but I'm no lightweight so don't necessarily take my word on it!). My companion had a winner, the fish tacos. They were fried in panko crust and had some cabbage. The two sauces, one red and one green, were just ok, not memorable. Basically, if I had to go back, I would stick to the fish tacos but for the portion and price point ($13), I can find better. Impactaco is much cheaper, and even though that location is a bit sketch, their carnitas is to die for and $1 on certain days!!!
2	I really, really liked this place. Great tacos, amazing prices, nice staff. I went 3 times and loved it!UNTIL...I was waiting at the bar and saw that they recycle the salsa. Meaning, they put 3 pots of salsa on your table for your tacos. When you're done eating (and dipping your fork into these the pots), the salsa bowls go back to the ledge between seating and kitchen, they top up the bowls and re-serve to other tables. Meaning, you are served the same salsa that other people were dipping into. I witnessed this happening consistently for 30 minutes, I would not make these allegations unless I was certain. That just turns my stomach! Isn't this against health codes??? I can't go back knowing what I know. If they stop recycling their salsa (which was yummy salsa), I'll be back in a second AND I'll delete this review. I'll write a 4-5 start rating instead, because that's what the place deserves. Deal?
4	Great job at Taco & Torta ! For a real slice of Mexican in Montreal, look no further. T&T is the place. I absolutely love Mexican food and it has always been difficult to come by in Montreal, until now.Very good price-quality, works out to about $3 per taco !Hope this place works out for the benefit of all Montrealers in need of solid Mexican grub.
5	I went there for a birthday, I was a lil concerned about a previous review that talks about the recycle salsa cuz before going there I started reading the reviews about this restaurant, and the first thing i did when i got  there was to ask the waitress about it and I was told they changed it right after they got the complaint, so my soul rested and got ready to enjoy the night and it was incredible!!!!! I tried the carnitas and were extremely tasty, also i tried the sandwich (torta) of one of my friends thats called millanesa and OMG its awesome, I also order the mezcal sour wihout knowing what mezcal was and I was really impressed by the smoky flavor also the limonata was really good. The dulche de leche churos were a lil bite of heaven!!!!! After we ate they brought free shooters for all of us and a mexican wrestler mask for the bd boy!!!!! The vibe and the waitress were excellent.
