5	Been coming here since open late 2011 and I will never step my foot into another barber shop. The quality, the expertise, and the professionalism were a perfect match with the exceptional taper fade that I usually get. Above and beyond.  That about sums it up in 3 words.  Along with the deep shampoo I was given with the cool, minty shampoo (because I had leftover Got2BGlued gunk in my hair) that left me feeling refreshed.  To top off the cut and the razor shave, they give a hot towel massage that left me feeling like a million bucks.  Definitely recommend this spot if you're looking for a affordable, quality cut.  Good times, good people, and fantastic service
5	I agree with the " Above and beyond". Co-owner Amber has been doing my hair for the last 5 years, so Ace's is the only place my entire family and I will go! They do amazing cuts, colors, and anything else you could want with a keen eye for detail, a sense of style, and friendly atmosphere. No need for redos and/or oopsies, but they can take care of you should that tragedy befall you at some other salon!The pricing is very reasonable and is always worth it. There's never a really long wait but I recommend calling to make an appointment or to see if they're busy.Many kudos to them bc I've gotten compliments time and again from hair-dressers/stylists from Aveda, Dolce, Madison 5th Ave, Paul Mitchell, and Toni & Guy, and I did not pay anywhere near the price you would pay at those places!
5	Get my hair cut by either Kim or Amber every week. Never anything but a great haircut. Highly recommend this barbershop. Great place with awesome people.
4	I called them up on a Sunday and was informed there would be no wait. Sure enough, I got there and was taken right away.  The barber (Joe?) was friendly  and gave a very nice cut.  The shave was very relaxing, but a star was taken due to a few nicks and stray hairs left.  Two hot towels and a cold one after the shave were nice touches.    The prices are fair, the place is clean with a family vibe.  I would gladly return for my next haircut.
3	Went in for highlights. Color came out nice, but literally took 3 hrs! (My hair is shorter than shoulder length.) Slow service is reason for three stars.
5	I never really had a specific barber or salon I went too, whoever was close by, or was cheap, I would stop in and get my hair cut....After going to Aces twice now, that has all CHANGED!!!!! I look forward to getting my haircut now, and I will never go to anyone else but Aces!!!!  I know it sounds weird, but let me explain. I work next door at Safelite, Im always seeing a sign spinner for Aces on the street corner for $12 haircuts...I said what the heck, I need a haircut, lets go check it out. They were so friendly as soon as I walked in, gave my hair a little more attention than I usually get at one of those chain salons. I thought I was just about done, but NO, they put some hot lather on my neck and sideburns, and took a straight edge razor and shaved me..AWESOME!!! Then they took a hot towel and wrapped my head, neck and face in it. Thought I was done...NOPE...then I got my back and neck massaged!!! THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!!!! I will never go anywhere else!!!Thanks Aces,Mike
5	As a guy, I like barbershops for the smells.  That's not enough because when it comes to haircuts, the closest place wins my business.  I've always been confused why the women in my life HAVE to go to the same stylist EVERY TIME.  It doesn't make sense.  I just expect that everyone doing haircuts has been trained to meet a minimum standard, and those results will be good enough.  Now, in my 40's, I'm starting to think I won't ever get it, where I can understand women.  But, enough about me...This shop recently opened, and it's close to my house.  There were two employees inside, and no customers yet.  I waltzed right in.  Now, on to the Big Three:Price:  It was $10, an introductory special, so this part was extra-cool.  The normal price will be somewhere around $15, so it's at the market price.  Nothing earth-shattering here.Service:  I was the lone customer in the store, so I enjoyed every minute.  The two ladies were talkative, personable, friendly, and it was great.  Not everyone gets a haircut on a weekday at 10am, and I'm sure their business will pick-up the longer they stay open.  Results:  I'd asked for a haircut as short as possible without it standing up, and she completely nailed it. I will definitely become a loyal customer.  See you there!
1	wasn't treated well here by the owners..
5	They will always make me look fabulous for my live broadcasts. Great staff and high quality customer care.
5	I just got my haircut by Jaime and he was very cool, upbeat and very thorough. He took his time cutting my hair and covered every detail. The barber shop itself is nice, clean, friendly staff and make the experience of getting your haircut a pleasant one.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  Also, without even ask for it they gave me a discount on my first haircut. Overall, great experience.
1	The indv. to cut my hair was sent out to buy picture frames during my appointment time.  The salon has my phone number but elected not to call me.  After waiting 30 min, I left.  There was no damage control call or effort of any kind to apologize.  Perhaps they didn't want me as a customer.  After all, I did come in regularly, pay my bill, tip well and refer others to their business.  Yeah, I can see why it played out this way.  Well done, indeed!
5	Every time I need a hair touch up, haircut, or a complete new 'do I come to Ace's.  I have gone from my natural brunette all the way to a healthy looking blonde with the talent from this place! There is also a ton of military guys coming in for their haircuts and shaves.  I love the variety of services offered and the staff is so nice to boot.  I definitely recommend this salon to everyone, I am a very happy client.
4	Had a good haircut from Kim. She threw in a beard trim for free as it was my first time visiting. Friendly conversation, great service, good haircut.
5	After moving to the area in June, I had yet to find a new hairstylist. Based on the reviews for this place I thought I would give it a try. I was greeted warmly by the two ladies at the front desk as well as their yellow lab. Alex washed, cut and blow dried my hair, and did an excellent job. I would recommend her to anyone.It was especially nice that the shop manager kept referring to me by my name. It made me feel very much at home and like I had been going there for a long time. My total was only $25 for everything she did. Needless to say i have found my salon and will be going here from now on. The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere cool, and relaxing, and I have a great cut.
5	My hair is straight straight straight. I had my first hair cut with Kim Dale several years ago when she worked for another salon. I LOVED IT. When she opened her own salon, and I found out where she was, I became a steady and loyal customer. No one has ever cut my hair like Kim does. I refer my family and friends to her salon and they love it. The atmosphere is friendly and pleasant. Try it once, you'll be hooked!
5	This place is absolutely wonderful! I have 3 boys 19, 12,and 8 they each have a unique style. Jaime is amazing he brings out a manly man look in my oldest, keeps  sharp fade on my 2ns son and a cute playful fohawk on my baby. He does one of a kind cuts with a straight razor,  not only is extremely talented but very friendly not a cookie cutter pace. Kim does my hair and she is amazing  there is nothing this lady can not do. I had my lashes hair and makeup don for an event and I was told how good I looked all night! They take time to find out what you want talk to you to understand what look your going for. My boys hair cuts are $20. and mine changes on what I am getting done. They offer snacks, drinks, every one is super friendly I tell all my friends and family how wonderful this place is all the time!
5	So I yelped this fabulous barber/salon and thank Gawd I did! Their attention to detail is flippin on point. My kids enjoyed their session here no complaints they said they want to keep coming here for their haircuts. What more can I say?!? great experience I'm really happy thank you! With that said - awesome job Alex and Jenna ! ps kids haircuts are $15 holla!
5	Being on vacation i wanted to get a shave and a haircut for my son,after reading reviews i decided to come here,and did i love it! Prices were fair and the quality of the haircut and shave was second to none, the lady with red and blue hair really knew her stuff and did a great job taking care of my skin and taking her time making sure she does it right. My son is very picky on his style of haircut and he was very happy with his lines and fade.Being from Chicago i can't come here,but if I'm ever in town ill be here for any need.
5	My first visit today, really impressed!  I'm over 60 years of age and asked Alex for help with my thinning fine white hair.  I requested a short cut that would not  stickup.  With her expertise, I got what I asked for and really like my hair cut.
5	I have been going to to Ace's Barbershop(Kim & Amber for my hair) for 3 years now! I absolutely LOVE them and would recommend them to everyone. I have LONG hair and get it colored and cut about every 12-14 weeks. I get super stressed out because in the past at Other salons, I have had hair dressers cut my hair short so they don't have to deal with it(yes true story/ they cut it cause they say it's to long!!!!); and I have never been worried that these ladies at Ace's would do that to me! Kim does the best job on trimming my bangs! I have finally found someone who who DOSEN'T hack my bangs up!!! I have never been treated like it's too much to do! And for the comment below saying it took 3 hours to get her highlights done- mine take 5 hour! I would rather have them take their time than rush though me!!!!If there is a wait, then business is going good/ busy means that you guys are doing it right! The atmosphere is amazing and I feel like family every time I walk into this place! I have never been treated bad! Ever!!! Ladies-Just cause this is a barber DOSEN'T mean it's just for men. Amber is amazing with color!!!! You have to try her. They have also done eyelashes extensions on me! I LOVE them! I do them if I have a special event to go to. I hope anyone reading this finds this informational if they are looking for a new salon to go to!
5	Took my boyfriend here the other day because we are from out of state and he was in serious need of a haircut! Our stylist was a few states away :-( Found this place from fellow Yelpers. THANK YOU! !!!While we LOVE our stylist, this place was a fantastic place! The vibe was edgy and cool. The staff was friendly and down to earth. The cut was honestly one of the best cuts he's had. And he couldn't stop talking about the hot towel, neck message and straight razor clean up on the sides and neck. Needless to say he was beyond happy, and me,  I got to sit outside in a comfy chair with a little bistros table and soak up the beautiful winter Arizona sunshine! So grateful to our fellow Yelpers!
5	I was looking for a barber shop (not a chain) and found this great place in Aces. The atmosphere is great; you can tell the barbers enjoy their work. The price is fairly reasonable for a men's cut. I'll easily pay the $5 extra than the chain haircut places. I'm going back to Aces for my next cut.
4	Pretty good place to get a haircut.
5	Great atmosphere, very friendly. Was not sure where to go get my haircut and found this place on yelp. Giving it 5 stars for such great service. Would defiantly recommend this place to my friends. Wonderful hairstylists! Felt very welcome when I walked in. Will be back for another haircut, no questions asked! Btw, ask for Alex, thanks again for the great hair cut!
5	After reading the positive reviews about this salon, I thought I would try them out for lash extensions.  I had a regular lash lady for years when I lived in another state and had tried one of the Asian staffed places when I moved here.  Yikes!  If I didn't end up looking like a lady of the evening.   I have been back to Aces for refills several times now and each time Amber is painstakingly tedious in her task of applying the individual lashes.  She asks me to open and close my eyes throughout the session to make sure that they are placed just so.  I have extremely puny natural lashes so it takes a lot of effort to place them and she has been trying to find the best type for me.  The atmosphere of the salon, which is very easygoing and friendly (amongst the stylists and their clients) is most enjoyable.
5	No appointment and took me as a walk in while understaffed late in the day. Super friendly staff. Kim / owner cut my hair and did a great job. Plus got to hang with Shiloh the shop dog!
5	When I went to this rogue barbershop, the afternoon was a blazing 107 F, my car was dying from the heat, and I hadn't cut my hair in over three months. The full effects of the Arizona sun was messing with my attitude and it was not good. However, seeing how my buddy received an amazing haircut from this place the night previously, I decided what better place than Ace's to get my own. DecoIf you didn't know about Ace's, the exterior would lead you to believe it was just another pop up hair salon with nothing new or exciting. But the moment you walk in, you start to see the true beauty of this place. The walls are lined with street art and the coolness of AC whizzes by your face. The music is eclectic and the interior is much more spacious than you would imagine from the outside. Another truth to the saying, "It's what's on the inside that counts".StaffTheir staff is a small rag of pirates, thieves, and a den mother. Just kidding. Or am I? I don't really know if that's what you want to call them, but I will say they each have an artistic edge to them. Each member I met had a distinct personality and each were as interesting as the paintings on the wall. They were also knowledgeable, fascinating, and above all, professional. The CutThe haircut was fantastic. It's hard to really embellish how haircuts go, but mine was an experience. My barber and I had great conversations about all different things. He spoke about his past living in Blythe, what brought him out to Arizona, and his passions. He also did all this whilst offering me a beer and cutting my hair with a straight razor. I can genuinely say that last combo was something I've never experienced before, but it was both a hoot and a holler. ConclusionWhen it was all said and done, I left feeling much more refreshed and happier than when I walked into Ace's. The haircut gave me a sense of power and renewal I hadn't felt since I drove into the desert. And though the minutes added up and almost an hour had passed, I had nowhere else to go and nowhere else I wanted to be at the moment. I truly appreciated visiting another great Arizona establishment that still to this day continues to influence my thoughts of Arizonians in a positive way.
5	Just moved in from Vegas & needed a hair cut pronto as I was desperate for relief from the heat (Vegas heat is not as bad as Phoenix heat....). I have THICK, curly hair and was hesitant to try someone I'm not familiar with. However, upon reading the reviews I decided to try Ace's as it was not too far from my home. I had waist length hair (again curly, frizzy and thick) and was trying to go for a shoulder length cut. I walked in without an appointment and was seated immediately (I was worried about the wait time as it was a Saturday). I'm not much of a conversationalist so I can't really judge on customer service in that way, but I was greeted nicely and my stylist asked all the right questions. The shop itself was pretty neat. Lab with the green tuff of fur included :) The end result was AMAZING. I love my hair now and I don't even think I'll miss my long hair. I think I just found my AZ shop!
5	I'm a barber kind of guy, absolutely no Great Clips or Sports Clips for me.  A new barber or stylist is always a gamble, thankfully these reviews helped and were spot on.Two days after my haircut I had three and one person told me, "Dude, I like what you've got going on with your hair, it's straight bad @$$" - Ha!  That was a first for me.The cut looks fantastic.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	Jaime cut my hair and he did awesome! It was nice to have someone be as OCD about my hair as I am. And they do free neck trims in between haircuts! Got what I paid for and more.
4	I found this place on yelp due to my barber  going MIA. I chose it based on all it's reviews and I'm glad I was not let down. Alex cut my hair and she did a great job. She took her time and was very detail oriented. Everyone was very nice and you can tell the other barbers take their time and develop great relationships with customers. I recommend this place and will definitely go back
5	Let's start by saying that I am very new to the "Barber/Salon" scene.  I have been cutting (buzzing) my own hair for the past 7 years and before that my father would cut my hair.  I felt like it was time for a new "do" so to speak.  I researched Barbers but felt that the complexity of what I wanted done was more than just the Fades the local shops were advertising, but to prevent further loss of masculinity, I could not just go to a Salon.  That's when I found this place in Chandler.  It has everything a Man could want (and if your a woman they have you covered as well!)  The shop is owned locally and operated by Family so immediatly you are greeted by the courteous hair dressers AND the Owner, which is a rare treat.  I was very nervous going in but my nerves were soon settled when I met what was to become my future Hair Dresser, Adrian.  This gentelman made me feel comfortable from the moment I sat in his chair.  His Oppsesive Compulsive cutting was a huge releif and his attention to detail was stellar.  I was even offered a chilled beer while I got the cut!  Everything about this place can be sumed up by the words "Comfortable and Chill."  I was a huge skeptic of anyone touching my hair but this place along with Adrian have changed my views.  I reccommend Ace's to anyone, Male or Female.  My Wife was seated in the chair across from me and she also loved the cut she got.  The prices are great and the atmosphere was even better.  If your on the edge of a decision, do yourself a favor and GO TO ACE'S!
5	I had my hair cut yesterday by Kim. And let me say she did an AMAZING job! I have very thick, wavy hair that intimidates most hair dressers. It was a few inches past my shoulder blades and pretty fried from my at home ombre dye job. She cut off about 4 inches and then took her time going through with a razor to put in layers and help take out the bulk. My waves look amazing, and my locks are shiny and healthy once again. I will definitely be back again
2	I am very disappointed in my highlight and cut. I should have known it was going to be bad when the other girl kept coming over and teaching her how to do a highlight. If I wanted to go to someone that was still learning I would have gone to a school, at least it would have been cheaper. She did not even get to my roots (the whole reason I went). The cut is uneven and I will never return.
5	Love the atmosphere of this place! Amber is really awesome I would recommend her if you are coming to this place.
5	I've been going to the shop for the years now. I like to say that I'm a regular now, and i really feel like family. Regardless of who does my hair I'm always grateful, is always just the way i want it. Lines are perfect,case is perfect, abd the hot towel and message are the icing on the cake. I would recommend their shop to anyone who wants a lifetime shop. I now live 30 minutes away, but still drive to see Kim, Amber abd the rest off the crew. Plus sometimes i just go on to hang out.
4	This place could be my fav place for hair cut. Unfortunately the last several time, I got charged differently without explanation. I started going to this place with $15 hair cut but I sometime got charged $20. I don't mind paying at a higher price for a good service but I hate the feeling of getting scammed. The owner should really have a more transparent pricing structure. I haven't been back for months for this reason. So perhaps if they contact me and let me know things are improved I won't be back.
5	Super friendly family run place with a nice atmosphere. Will definitely recommend and be back.
5	Took my son to this shop as he needed a haircut and we are on vacation. They gave him a great haircut even included free massage and single blade neck shave. Even invited us back to stop in for a free touch up in a week or two five stars!
