1	Customer service?  Non-existent.  We might as well have not been there.  The two people working in the store pretty much pretended like we weren't there, even though the store was quite small and it was hard not to notice there were two potential customers entering the extremely dead store.I probably could count the different styles of shoes on display on my fingers and toes and there were probably about 4 or 5 different style handbags on display.DISAPPOINTMENT.
4	this jimmy choo is located inside palazzo (originally located in the venetian).  stopped by before going to dinner at bar charlie.  the size of the boutique is somewhat smallish...but actually had a pretty good selection...was looking for a pair of black boots and tried on their classic tall boots in the 2 inch and the 3 inch heel...both very nice...but the 2 inch heel made my 35.5/36 size feet look strangely large and the 3 inch heel had a...como se dice... f-me look to it ;)  guess my search for the perfect black boot continues...as a side note...don't know how people work in shoe boutique/dept...it would be one of my greatest phobias come to life...having to touch other people's feet...service was genuinely friendly and helpful...would definitely be back
3	Great shoes..but needed better service...and more sales too.. ;P
5	Went in to get my girl friend a pair (she's a big fan of Sex In the City lol), didn't know much about which pair to get but my sales person (who happened to be the mgr) Monica was very patient and helpful.  She had a excellent grasp of the product and was able to find a pair my girl friend loved-that was in my budget.  A very clean and well run store.  I felt very combfortable there....
1	Horrible customer service!!! Bought 2 pairs of choos( agnes and Pela)  and found the Pela in nude patent leather online at jimmychoo.com for 125 dollars cheaper!! After calling 3 times I finally got ahold of the manager who said she spoke with corporate and said they told her that they made a mistake online and it would be fixed. WHAT? I went online immediately and its still at the 325 not the 450 I paid at this store. The manager would not do a price adjustment and lied about  their return policy(she said no returns only store credit or exchange, not true full priced merchandise is 28 days). To make matters even worse she had a very bad attitude. I will be returning BOTH pairs I bought. Do not shop at this store go to the other Jimmy Choo.
5	Love this place! Nice staff, great product, and very clean!
5	The Jimmy Choo at the Palazzo is great! Great selection with outstanding service. Probably the best service I have ever received! Skip the other two locations in Vegas.
1	I experienced the worst customer service at this shoe store. I came to Las Vegas for a work convention and had extra time between work shops so I went shopping. I bought a dress at the BCBG store and wanted shoes to go along with the dress. I saw several pairs of shoes I wanted to purchase and asked the sales woman who was standing talking to a another sales person if she had the shoes in my size 7. I was the only one in the store and they practically ignored me. She didn't even check stock and said she didn't have my size. I asked if she had two other shoes in my size and she said no. The sales person then turned around to gossip with the other sales person. I told her I was sorry to interrupt her 15 minute union break and walked out of the store.I want others to know of the snobbish attitude of the sales people in this store and not to shop here. If I could give negative stars I would give them -5.
5	While my husband was at his conference, I was left to my own devices and decided to indulge in some retail therapy one morning. I stopped in the Jimmy Choo store inside Palazzo to get a pair or two of new shoes. On a Tuesday morning around 10:45 am, the store was not too busy so I had the sales associate Jessica to myself. Unfortunately the store did not have the burgundy Dane peep toe booties (these are a pair of the shoes Nicole Kidman wears in one of the ads...I have been wanting them since getting the Jimmy Choo catalogue in the mail two months ago) in my size. Jessica offered to order them for me, but I am highly hesitant to spend money, especially $$$$, on shoes without trying them on.I left disappointed and went over to Christian Louboutin to try and cheer up. I was in the store for about 10 minutes and, somehow and I am still not sure how, Jessica from Jimmy Choo shows up and tells me that she was doing some looking around and that the store at Caesar's has the Danes in my size! She called and had them put on hold for me! Personally I really appreciated this level of customer service which she did not have to do. I will definitely be going back to this Jimmy Choo store on a future trip to Vegas.
2	This store is located inside the Caesars Palace Forum shops. I walk into the store and others were being helped. so I decide to look around. The store isn't very big, about the size of my closet.  I didn't see the shoe I wanted only something similar so I patiently waited while "Karima Elijaouhari" was assisting others.  After she was done she came up to me (in a resonable time 2 mins or so) and ask if she could help me. I picked up the shoe that I wanted and said "do you have this shoe in gold?". She seemed to be rushing and not in a very good mood was my impression.  She said "this is the gold one, it is champagne color" and handed the shoe back to me and walked away to help the previous costumers. I was getting bad vibes, wow to that point where you just feel like walking out and going to another store.  I walked around to see if I could find it myself. I found it purchased it and was checked out by another sales associate.  I like Jimmy Choo and will definitely be shopping at another one.
1	Overall, Jimmy Choo's Customer Care is pathetic at best.  I had a conference I was attending in Vegas and did some shopping on the side.  I spent A LOT of time in their store.  I was clear with the sales folks what I really needed and they knew I was very unsure.  I ended up buying a beautiful bag, but ultimately, before the conference was over, I was second guessing my decision for the same reasons I was struggling with in the store.  For ALL THE TIME I SPENT in the store and then buying, the sales folks at no point said they have a NO RETURN POLICY.  Only exchanges in 7 days.  I was told this when I returned to the store within 3 days.  When I looked online, there is a completely different policy for an online purchase.  You can return within 30 days, full money back.  When I attempted to call the corporate customer care team, they said I couldn't talk to them that I could only talk to the store.  The other option was to send an email to corporate.  I emailed with a long explanation.  I received an immediate response stating it would be addressed within 24 hours...then nothing.  Upon a follow-up email that I sent...I was told I would hear back in 4-5 business days.  A month later, I've still heard nothing.  Again, a follow-up email, in response I got, they'll follow-up in a few days...but it's the Christmas season and they are busy.  In my email I explained that this was a 40th b-day gift to myself for $1800.  All I asked for Jimmy Choo to do was to right the situation and be consistent with their policies.  I never used the bag and it was out of its dust cloth for all of 30 seconds.  Needless to say, I won't be purchasing Jimmy Choo EVER again!
