5	CrossFit has changed my life!  Never have I woken up the next day and been so sore....  My inner strength is improving and have lost  body fat over the last month while improving my overall endurance.  I cant wait to see what the next month will bring!!
5	Lets Crossfit has been a phenomenal crossfit gym that has allowed me to see measurable results in speed, strength and technique.  The owners provide great motivation with positive encouragement without the need of a drill Sergeant style of yelling and name calling.The facility is well equipped, the online aspect is well put together for logging information, and the nutrition, yoga, and health knowledge of the staff is impeccable.  I would highly recommend Lets Crossfit to take you to the next level!
5	Great Box. The owner and instructor is very nice and knowledgeable. The equipment is very clean and up kept.
5	Vince is a great motivator, and really helpful with instructions on form with lifts. Good group of people working out here
5	I'm way overdue to write a review about CFF.  I should begin by saying that I have been a chiropractor, trainer and strength and conditioning coach for 10 years.  I have been involved with CrossFit since 2008.  I was a medic at the CrossFit regionals in 2011.  In the last 2 years I have been to 3 CF gyms in the valley.  When I re-located to Scottsdale from central phoenix, I had to find a new box.  I called one in the area and they wouldn't even give me pricing over the phone so they were out.  I went to one other box that was as big as my living room and the coaches just didn't know enough exercise physiology.  They were out.  I walked into CrossFit Forbidden, met the coaches, and It felt like home.  This place is world-class.  It is very-well equipped with lots of room.  They can accommodate 30 people per class.  The programming is the smartest and most impressive I have seen in the region.  Lots of concept 2 rowers, a long asphalt alley in the back for running, 2 bathrooms, 2 showers, a protein and nutrition bar, lots of mobility equipment (for mWODs).  I may be a serious athlete and I look at CF as a sport, But I have referred the most novice people to exercise, and the coaches have helped them lose weight, achieve goals, and retain their fitness.  Prices are very reasonable.  My last advice is:  if you are going to get into cross fit, get a feel for the gym equipment, space, coaching, and programming before you make a commitment.  If Crossfit Forbidden is a convenient location for you, then it's the best choice in the area. Once you start here, you won't want to go anywhere else.  Cancel the big box gym membership and get into Crossfit.
5	You know how it is when you first try something new, there are all kinds of doubts whether or not you'll like the new venture.That's how I was.  My first class at CrossFit, I just didn't get it.  Self motivation?  What's that~ I need my personal trainer aka babysitter (just kidding).  There's none of that at this CrossFit.  After being there for a week, I started to understand the routine and WOD (work out of the day) and I found myself enjoying the classes.  I went daily and the great thing with CrossFit is that the WOD is different each day so you're never bored with the routine.Which is good cause it really does keep you on your toes.  Sometimes literally.  I also really liked the staff, esp. Vince cause he was a take no prisoner kind of coach.He will push you to your limit which is a good thing when you're working on getting fit.He is also very fit himself and has vast knowledge of the dynamics of the working body and nutrition.  He consistently is aware of how your body is moving and makes sure that your technique is correct.If you live in the area, this is a great place for you to train!
5	Travelling quite frequently for business, I have the luxury of visiting Boxes all across our great land.  This was one of the better experiences I have had!  Alex, a coach, was incredibly welcoming and spent time showing me the gym, where the facilities were, stretch area, etc. (never had a tour before during a visit).  The overall box is very well equipped with plenty of space for a larger class.  I took the 6:00 a.m. class and there were only 4 of us though.  The workout was tough, but well organized.If you live in the area, this seems like a quality box and one that I would happily visit again.
5	Soooo... 60 plus crowd. We started on a Amazon Local deal. Absolutely amazing! We can't do all of the exercises the way the veterans do but we get by and we get encouraged. As foolish as it sounds and is we go at 5 am. Thad [instructor] is absolutely as patient  and understanding and he understands that it just don't work the way it used too. Range of motion improving rapidly, can finally do a full squat, almost do pull up, but best of all he understands and helps.
5	Been going 3 times a week for almost a year now. The coaches are amazing and absolutely invested in the success of all members. It feels more like a family than a gym. The workouts are not always easy, but being a couch potato is. Who really wants to do that any way!?!? The staff does a great job of challenging without giving more than you can handle. They also scale for those athletes in training until they are comfortable to move on safely. This is my home away from home.
