1	Wish I could give them zero stars.  We contacted them by recommendation and only wanted them to put in a monitoring system (for energy credits) on our existing thermal solar system.  After 2 months of vague and changed quotes and even driving down there in person, they still could not submit a comprehensive, clear quote.  A technician came out and said he knew exactly what we needed and a full quote would come early the next week.  After several days, we called to be told everyone was in a meeting at 8:30am and someone would call when they got out.  At 4:30 that day we still hadn't heard so we called.  The general manager came on the line and said because we already had an existing system and didnt buy it from him, he didn't want our business.  The salesman had no idea what he was quoting from the beginning.  Complete waste of our time.
1	I was not impressed at all.  First they checked my air conditioner and after the 1st guy left, I found the low pressure Schroeder valve was leaking at my unit that would have drained my entire system and been a huge bill to re-fill.  Months later when I went to use my AC unit (I use an evaporator cooler most of the summer), it would have been empty of Freon and I would have had no recourse with them.  When I talked to a professional in the field, he said that's what some companies do to get business, like it was a common occurrence.  I don't have proof of that obviously but some companies or employees are not honest. Next they did a fan test that blew ashes from my fireplace throughout my house and my wife was thrilled with having to clean ashes from all over the house.  After all that, when they came back a week later to tell me about results and rebates (I thought), I was not told anything about the performance of my house or duct work or any possible NV Energy rebates, I was told about house insulation (insulation price was OK), a solar water heater system (way too expensive - I'm all electric and we are getting a heat pump hot water heater less than half the price) and a solar panel install price that, even after I showed them some of the prices I had been getting from several solar companies, was still 20% higher????  I took the time to write this because they wasted A LOT of my time and I have nothing to show for it.  I was actually interested in possibly having then do some of the rebate work (cleaning coils, duct sealing, etc.) and I was interested in knowing how inefficient my AC unit was (even though I don't use it much and won't replace it for years assuming they did no other damage to it) but they never presented any of that to me.  My opinion is that they are mostly only interested in selling the high profit products.
1	Fraud...I bought a Groupon voucher for $20 special deal but sometimes getting a deal its not really a deal..  Here's my store with Service 1st Energy Solution:They sent this guy Brandon to check the AC unit.. He does his thing diagnosing the unit outside and tells me the compressor needs to be replaced but recommends that would be better to just buy the whole new unit because it comes with 10 years warranty and I dont to have to worry for another 10 years. A 3 ton unit! Price quoted for the compressor $2600, price for a brand new unit $5500.. Price seemed too high so I called someone else to see if I can get a more reasonable deal. The second company comes and said the compressor is in immaculate condition!!! All I needed was a motor for the fan $100 and labor another $100. With $200 the AC is working perfectly.
5	I carefully researched 5 different Solar Panel Installation companies and Service1st was my choice hands down.  The salesman came promptly and was very knowledgeable. A few of the other companies not only tried to sell me more energy than I needed, but were lacking in knowledge. Some were over priced.  Anyway, Service1st handled everything, I mean everything. They made all arrangements, filled out all paperwork and submitted everything I needed including applications to my homeowners association. I was up and running in less than a month. I have written a detailed report on a webpage I created including exactly what I paid, the size of my home, all about Federal Tax Credits and PECs. Don't waste your time researching, I've already done the groundwork. My webpage is: http://www.mysolarhouse.infoCheck it out. You won't be sorryBy the way, if you didn't know ...  The Federal Tax Credit program is scheduled to end on Dec.31, 2016. If it is renewed it is certain to be at a lower rate. Also, Nevada receives a 2.45 multiplier on PECs which will end at the end of 2015. So if you're thinking of getting solar, take this into consideration. Now is the Time!
5	After carefully researching 5 different solar installation companies I chose Service1st (now GoSolar) hands down. Their history, knowledge, pricing, and ability to work with youExtra features like "Pigeon Proofing"They are an all-inclusive company. They do not sub-contract any of their services. GoSolar Total Energy Solutions does everything from start to finish. They do all of your paperwork, applications, work with your homeowner''s association and constantly keep you updated.They have several great ways to finance your solar installation.They have a showroom to educate and display the workings of solar power.They are experts in this field. I''ve seen other companies lay panels on rooftops disregarding the tilt needed to get the most out of solar panels. A panel can lose almost 40% of its power is not tilted to the correct angle. This results in inefficiency, and needless extra panels which cost you more money.Numerous installations throughout Las Vegas. I am not an employee, nor related or affiliated to anyone at this company in any way. Simply a very satisfied customer.
