5	This place is amazing! It is so warm (literally - temperature was in the 80s!) and calming, I felt so relaxed and would have stayed there longer.This place is a spa, with the focus on hot and cold baths, saunas and steams. They also provide registered massages, so you can pay for a massage and go to the baths before and/or after, or you can just come to use the baths.Upon entering, you are given a robe, two towels, slippers and a wristband for your locker, and directed to the locker room. Once there, put on your bathing suit, load up your locker and away you go!They strongly suggest showering before going into the pools, and I like knowing that the other clientele showered before sharing the water with me. There is a beautiful large hot bath with waterfalls, and frosted glass on the walls. The water was so loud and the glass frosted enough that it took me a while before I realized this bath was facing the street! The water is warm but not too warm, and there are jets everywhere. Next to it was a small freezing cold pool. The idea is you are supposed to heat up, then plunge into the cold, and then heat up again, doing a circuit through the baths and saunas. I could not bring myself to PLUNGE into that cold water! I went to my knees. It was frigid.The saunas were great - hot and pore-opening. There is also a lounge area where you can rest after bathing and also wait for your massage. They had a juice bar and snacks for pay too. i didn't pay much attention to that, however.My massage was soothing and the RMT was very professional and polite. I know it's a good massage when I am dazed and drooling throughout, so two thumbs up!!This is a nice place to go with your friends and chill out, although they are very strict about the silence policy and we got shushed several times for talking in quieter than normal voices. I wish their "PDA" policy was a little stricter, as there was a couple making out hardcore in the lounge area, and they also locked people out of one of the saunas while they were "getting down" too. Tacky! Bring it home or get a room.Aside from one crude young couple, this place was perfect. I would definitely return when I get a bonus or something, although if your company does insurance refunds for massages, you can add some of your own money to it and it's worth it!
5	We were first exposed, literally and figuratively, to baths while vacationing in Baden Baden Germany, and so were eager to try this out on our Montreal weekend vacation.  Scandinave is clothed - everybody wears swimsuits, but is very relaxing and well managed.  Reservations are required for the baths, to help ensure it doesn't get too crowded.  We didn't try any of their massage services, but they sounded good.The locker rooms are clean and orderly, and you're given two towels and slippers.  You then repeat a basic cycle for 2-3 hours of spending 15 minutes in a hot experience - a dry sauna, a steam room, or a hot bath, and then jump in a cold shower or cold tank for an instant, and then relax for 15 minutes, and then repeat. They enforce their silence rule, which does make for a better, and more relaxing, experience.  After a long day of walking in Montreal, this was just what we needed to relax, and we'll definitely visit again.  Its easy to find, right in Old Montreal by the water.
5	The Spa Scandinave is a beautifully urban take on the nordic and "polar bear" spas that are common around the Townships and Laurentians, where the emphasis is on being out in nature.  The stunningly designed space (by Saucier + Perrot)  is sombre yet peaceful, full of dark (granite?) surfaces and gently curving lines.  I found the environment really added to the feeling of bliss and rejuvenation after you emerge some 3 odd hours later into the outside world.The service is also very courteous and helpful; I organized an outing for a small group (they'll give you a discount if you book for 10 or more) and even though we all had slightly staggered arrivals, they were very accommodating.
5	I had the pleasure of visiting the baths on a Monday night when it was practically empty. I had phoned to see how busy it would be and they said Monday and Tuesday were down days and I could pop in without a reservation. I showed up at 7 and was a little bummed to find out they were closing early at 9, which they neglected to mention before, but 2 hrs was enough time to get in 4-5 cycles through the baths. I was surprised that after 8, it seemed to get a little busier.. but it was still quite deserted, with maybe 10 people max there. The staff were friendly and facilities clean. I think there could be a few changing room improvements such as an express swimsuit dryer and stools/seats at the hairdryer stations. I was alone, so I had no problem with the silence rule, and honestly, I don't see why people can't just shut up and deal with it. Your blabbing is annoying to other people trying to relax. Get that? There were a few couples there whispering every now and then and it didn't really bother me. I guess in the thermal bath, you could get away with it because the waterfall is so loud you really wouldn't be able to hear the chatter.The Eucalyptus steam bath was my favorite! It was like a having a warm blanket being poured over you. So refreshing, and so comforting at the same time.I only used the Finnish sauna once; it was a little too hot for me. You are not allowed to wear your sandals inside, and the floor was so hot I could barely walk on it. The sandals they give you are kinda manly, so if you don't mind bringing your own, you should. They don't have plus size robes either, so bring your own if  you need one. Their robes are also bulky terry bath robes, not spa waffle robes.The lounge area seemed quite large, but I guess when it is busy, it might be hard to find a place to sit.  Overall, it was one the best things I did in on my vacation in Montreal and I would recommend it to anyone.. on a weeknight, if you want a more relaxing and solitary experience.
5	I never expected to go to a spa when I was in Montreal, but I am so glad that I did!I bought the combined ticket with the Pointe-A-Calliere archaeology museum (a total of $50) for 3 hours access to the baths and access to the museum.  The two locations are only blocks apart.  I spent the morning at the museum, then got to the baths around 4pm.The silence policy is fantastic if you're a solo foreign tourist.  Since no one is talking, you can't feel left out!  Though some couples cuddled, there was a general sense that everything had to stay pretty G-rated (thank god) so it didn't look like an episode of the Bachelorette.This is the sort of place James Bond might go to unwind after a long day of espionage.  There are natural stone and jet black walls, low lighting and fancypants bean bag chairs scattered all over the place.  This might be a bad place for those with bad knees, since all the furniture is low to the floor.  Though I'm sure if you asked the staff they could direct you to a more comfortable chair.  I followed the suggested pattern (15 min in the hot whirlpool, 1 minute in the cold pool, 10 minutes in the eucalyptus or Finnish sauna).  There is a Zero Stress room where you can't hear the water at all, and an area with a smoothie and snack stand (cups of water and tea are free of charge).Not only did my body feel completely relaxed afterward, my mind went totally blank.  This is maybe the best way to chill out on vacation.  I've never experienced anything like it - but I'm going to look for more experiences like this one in the future!  In addition, I should note that the staff is incredibly patient and kind, even for a spa novice like me.  Don't be intimidated!  Definitely give it a try.
5	AMAZING Spa! So relaxing. We went for a couples message and to enjoy all the refreshing areas of the spa. A true Scandinavian bath offering hot and cold amenities to soothe your senses. Could not have been more relaxed, plus the staff was polite and courteous.
5	This place was so amazing. I brought a girlfriend (her wedding was a few days away) as a surprise and we were both stunned at the experience. The atmosphere is cozy and serene, the baths and rooms were warm and inviting and the massages were soothing and refreshing. Worth the money and the time, without a doubt! Wish I could back right now... Ahhhhhh.
5	Wow amazing, my first spa experience.  My friends swear by it saying that there's no such thing in Toronto.  I enjoyed the massage and the giant relaxing playground of bean bags and other seats, pool with a water fall, saunas and the quiet room.  I think I fell asleep a few times due to complete relaxation.Totally recommend this place - completely worth the money and time.  I'll be thinking about it until the next time i come back!
5	Spaaaahhhh...  What a fantastic and absolutely essential way to recover after a night of unspeakable bachelorette partying in Montreal.  Serenity embraces you as soon as you step through the small discreet entry way - the dimness a soothing balm to the zombie-like state induced by the excesses of the previous evening.The spa specializes in the hot, cold waters and relaxation rooms signatures of Scandinavian-style spas.  This is one of a group with locations in Ontario, Quebec and B.C.As with the Blue Mountain location, my favourite thermal experience was the eucalyptus steam room.  Some people might the steam overwhelming - I love it!  The hot waters in the water bath is also amazing.  There are 2 relaxation areas - one in a darkened room where complete silence is encouraged with bean bags for chilling on.  It was a bit strange at first when I saw couples napping, curled around each other in their bath robes on the bean chairs.  You get over the sight of public napping though once you giggle at the sporadic snoring.  A bath robe, towels, slippers, a self-locking locker and bathroom amenities are provided.  There's a snack bar where you can order healthy snacks and drinks that are paid for upon your exit of the spa experience.  Water, tea and some fruit is complimentary.I also had a decent massage there that was covered by insurance though I'm from Ontario.  This is definitely a relaxing place to go with the girls to unwind.
5	I booked a massage and bath combo on my birthday weekend trip with my hubby for my birthday.  What a wonderful experience.  The massage therapist was courteous and accommodating.  The bath was our first experience and my favorite was the eucalyptus wet sauna.  And the deep relaxation recoup room.  By the time my husband and I finished all the stress and worries had been spa'ed out of our bodies best experience ever will go again.  A must go experience!!!!!!
1	I had purchased two packages for the "bath experience" for my boyfriend and I at their Old Port location (Montreal). My initial expectation was very high; seeing the ultra modern reception and the whole explanation of the thermal therapeutic experience bullshit definitely got me going. After passing by the washroom area to change,etc, we proceeded to the baths; huge disappointment as the entire area, which the receptionist described to us using a map, was incredibly small.  We went on a Sunday of february which did not help as the place was packed. You would think that a place like this (which is marketed as high end) would limit the number of people to enjoy the experience at its full potential, especially since they make you reserve your spots in advance... Anyhow, It was certainly not a great experience for me, mostly because all of the bath areas were small; especially the "bigger heated pool" which was packed like sardines. You could also smell the chlorine overload, obviously as their were so may people, it would be unhygienic not to.. Even all the rest areas were full and you had to wait your turn.All in all I was very much disappointed by this, I felt there were WAY to many people for a very small space, the place was also messy from so many people going back and forth; it went against the whole "silence and peace" vibe that they were trying to create and was definitely not worth the hype or money.
5	It really doesn't get better than this. This spa offers all the same spa treatments (done really well) but with a eucalyptus steam room, and water therapy pools as well - and they are pristine clean. It's ultra quiet there so you have no choice but to relax completely. The place is beautifully done up - ultra modern, and sleek. There is a relaxation room, which kind of feels like a warm cave, which might not sound very attractive - but it is. You just find yourself a bean bag and pass out.  I went with my girlfriends for a bachelorette and I am excited to go to Montreal again just for this spa. I recommend you go a couple hours earlier to your spa treatment so you can get in some fun water therapy pool time.
3	I came in here during one of their promotions for massages and bath with my husband. Locations not bad easy to get to through public transit and driving, although I think their valet is service is costly. Old port location folks what can you say. Anyway went inside and Good Lord my nose stuffed out right in the moment. The air was extremely humid and since I am a bit sensitive this was really really a bad environment for me. Regardless I went ahead and the friendly receptionist explained me the procedures, asked if it was my first time and explained me the rules and the map. I still couldnt spend much time in the shower room either as the air was just too much. And neither was the spa. When I walked in my first impression was that the spa was just too small. It was on one level with only one sauna, hot bath and cold stations. I have been to several thermal spa places but this was kind of my first place where there wasnt any open air circulation going on. And since it was small I found my self having to wait for my turn. It was the same case in the relaxing room. The chairs or bags were too close to one another and I personally felt there was not enough privacy, with the whole time not having my nose open. With having the negative parts out of the way heres the good things I felt.The locker rooms were nice and I loved how they had a seperate palce for us to keep our coats and shoes outside, rather than stuffing them into the locker. They provide you with sandals, robes, 2 towels and a lot of toileteries including cleaners, creams, hair products etc. Nice touch :)The staff is friendly, and if some of you had any bad experience with the spa itself and bad service then you know what I mean. I found the people really knowledgebale, skilled and appreciative who really wanted to help your stay as much stress free as possible.The massage is why they earned another star and it was GREAAAAATTT. My RMT Simon, was one of the most skilled therapist I have ever known. My shoulder blades pain? Gone! I really felt calm and relaxed after the massage and wanted to straight go to sleep right after so Kudos! So was the same with the other masseuse... However I will add a comment that the massage really wasnt a full hour as what happens in most big spas. He started the massage at around 8 o clock and finished in 45 minutes... the 15 minutes? Hmm.. Anyway considering the expensive prices I am not likely to come back because the air just takes out the fun in being totally relaxed. I understand their zero noise policy because being on one floor and having a lot of clientelle around takes out privacy and the water just had too much scum and chlorine for my taste. I might come down for only a massage here, but its gonna take a lot of dehumidifers in the place.
3	Scandinave Tremblant this is not - so if you've been to the former, you most probably will be disappointed with the city option. However, beggars can't be choosers, so off we went. Wednesday is a promo Night, so check on coupon availability, and take advantage of the discount offer.  Definitely make a reservation: they do limit a umber of people to "control the crowds", so you may want to ensure you are "in". Due to it's location in prime Vieux Montreal, parking is a challenge.  Listen, if you shelled out the bucks For the spa, another $20 for vallet parking won't break the bank, but will minimize your stress, and make you look good if you are out with your GF. Hey, married guys- take the hint, too!The staff is very welcoming, helpful and accommodating. Robes, slippers and towels are provided. So, change, a quick shower rinse, and you are ready to partake of the baths and massage offerings. Keep in mind, all is indoors. The decor is all tiles in wet areas, with hardwood ceiling and frosted glass walls.  The steam bath is all tiled, and the sauna is all hard wood, with piping hot stones in the center of the room.  I enjoyed the stress-free, quiet room in the back: if you are lucky to get a chair, stay there a while, decompress. Plenty of details are on their site in regard to massages and services. My only complaint is about the super wet mattresses and pillows: a bit icky. I know, the hooded robe should provide a sense of comfort and protection. But to me, it does not.
5	My sister took me on a spa day at Spa Scandinave during my visit to Montreal and I had a FABULOUS experience.  The customer service was on point and the employees were very friendly and accommodating.  This was my first time at a nordic spa so I don't really have anything to compare this experience to but it was just great.  We just used the spa and sauna for a few hours so we started off in the dry sauna then off  to eucalyptus steam room which was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!  Lastly we then took a plunge in the Nordic baths.  We repeated this process 3-4 times then laid down in the relaxation area and I felt like I was in heaven.  There is a health bar close to the relaxation area where you can order smoothies and other snacks.  Spa Scandinave was very well maintained and clean.  They are very strict in making sure that the noise levels in the facility are kept at a minimum.All the toiletries in the bathroom creams and lotions are all organic and smell wonderful!!!  I loved them all.  I just wanted to keep on slathering it on my skin.  I wish I did not live so far!  Until my next visit to Montreal Spa Scandinave.  I definitely recommend others to try this place you will not be disappointed!!
1	Had a massage for a set time and they did not have a therapist for me when it came time.  They did not know what to do and had no options for me.  Very disappointed.
3	Scandinave is a small nordic spa with 3 options for hot (whirlpool bath, dry sauna, steam sauna), 2 options for cold (shower and cold pool), and 3 options for rest (beanbag chairs in the hallway, a juice bar, and a quiet room with new-agey meditation music). I loved: The whirlpool bath -- fantastic shoulder massage from the waterfall. Also, the smoothies at the juice bar were delish ($6).I liked: Bathrobes and towels are included in your entry fee. Numbers are limited, as appropriate for a small space (so be sure to call ahead to make reservations). People seemed to follow the quiet rule.Could be improved: 1 of 3 showers was out of order, and the one I used was not particularly clean. The relaxation chairs get soggy & uncomfortable after multiple patrons have used them.Scandinave is a solid option for a city spa...not as lovely or extensive as Nordik (near Ottawa) but we left the spa relaxed and less sore, so it did its job.P.S. The spa is only a 5-min walk from metro Place d'Armes. Take transit and save yourself the hassle of parking in the Vieux Port (or the cost of valet parking). Also, if you can make it on a Wednesday, take advantage of the 2-for-1 deal.
4	My husband and I had a great night at the Scandinave Spa. The baths were a wonderful respite from the cold Montreal air. We each had a Swedish massage- my massage therapist, Louis, was excellent. He had a deep touch that released all my tension and stress.I loved that the place was small and intimate. The no talking policy helped create a serene and peaceful environment.  I have been to other bath houses but no other has been this relaxing and enjoyable.The only criticisms I have are: 1) not enough showers. They should have regular showers in the main area for people to rinse off before going into the baths since the three showers in the locker room were often occupied and 2) by the end of the evening the robes that we were given to wear felt cold, heavy and damp. It wasn't very comfortable to wear them while lounging. It would be great if either they could find a way to keep them warm when hung up or install some heat lamps in the lounging area.That being said, we had a wonderful evening at the Scandinave Spa. We left the place completely blissed out and happy. We will definitely be back the next time we go to Montreal!
4	The hot-cold baths are AMAZING. The eucalyptus was invigorating and the resting areas were so nice and comfy. I could see myself going to relax and study or get some work done. Great atmosphere and decor. Would go again.
3	Being from LA perhaps I'm spoiled. The spa looks pretty posh when you 1st enter. The receptionists are all nice, spending plenty of time explaining how you should enjoy the spa. I've been here twice both times with gift certificates. This place is pretty pricey for what you get.The locker room is clean and fairly well stocked with clean linens but you won't find any warmed or scented wash cloths here. The 1st time here the showers were ice cold - and you are suppose to shower before the baths, massages, and after massages and baths unless you wanna smell like chorine or sweat. When I mentioned it at check out they said it was because the spa was busy so the water heater couldn't keep up. Needless to say ice shower then into -20c weather isn't so relaxing. So the baths is pretty small the pics and the map makes this place look large but it's really pretty small. The steam room wasn't warm at all since so many people were coming in and out- the pool was packed and difficult to find a space where you weren't touching someone. The rest areas were also packed and seeing as everyone is in and out of the cold shower/bath. All the seating bags are damp and uncomfortable :(The juice bar has very limited options but the 2 I've tried were both tasty (1 smoothie each visit)1st massage was pretty good got the sore spot in my shoulder and was relaxing The 2nd one the therapist was a little more chatty it was way more interactive then I was used to more like assisted yoga. It was a different then I was used to not as relaxing but good stretching!The second time I made sure it wasn't a busy day which helped but the seating is still damp and uncomfortable :(. Although I've been here 2 times I don't think that I would come here if it wasn't a gift. Too pricy a little overhyped  for what you get!
2	I've been here about 3 times and got a massage once. The first time I went it had recently opened so the cost to have access to the baths only were reasonable. However, they have increased the prices, and for what it is, it's not worth it. The  massages are very expensives and the rooms are cold. In addition to the overpriced services, you also have to pay to rent a bathrobe.  Pretty ridiculous considering their prices.The eucalyptus steam room is their best feature, otherwise I wouldn't recommend this place very much
5	I've come to this spa a few times in the past, but my last experience was truly remarkable. The service is exceptional. I felt like a celebrity begin catered too. From the moment you walk in, to the moment you leave, the staff is always concerned about your needs. Upon check-in, you are handed your waterproof bracelet which is the key to your locker. The locker is supplied with hangers, a bathrobe and two fresh towels. The facilities are extremely clean and well kept. There is a zero talking policy, so it's great for people who really want to relax. Just a heads up, you will get "shushed" if you're talking. Therefore if you're a person who likes to chat it up, this is not the place for you. They really try to promote ultimate relaxation. There's a tea and snack bar, which is free! They provide different types of tea such as jasmine and rooibos; snacks such as dried fruit and nuts. They also pass around fresh fruit, so you don't even have to get up! Once your session is done, you could get ready hassle free! They provide everything from deodorant, hair straighteners, facial cleanser, body lotion, q-tips, you name it!  You'll be well taken care of here. Great place to relax in the city. Reasonably priced too for all that they provide.
5	I have been here twice now and both times were just wonderful. I was tempted to try Bota Bota, which looks stunning in the photos, but reading reviews from Yelp/Trip Advisor it seems like Scandinave is the place to go for a more relaxing and quiet atmosphere, plus better customer service. Can't vouch for Bota Bota, but definitely echo all the great reviews about this place. It makes it hard to want to try any other spa in the area. So, customer service -- top notch. The bilingual staff here are polite, friendly, and make sure everything is taken care of. I made reservations on the phone and they provided lots of information about the spa. Checking in was smooth. They greeted me and my SC (spa companion:P) by name and they do a thorough job orienting you to the space. I had a massage with Yan which was maybe the best massage I have ever had! Very attentive, actually looked at that medical history sheet (I notice at some spas they get you to fill it out and then no one bothers to look at it!), and used some passive stretches in addition to more traditional Swedish massage techniques. There were lots of staff making sure to keep everything clean. The facility is beautiful. I can't compare to other Spa Scandinaves which have an outdoor component, but I really like the quiet and dark-ish ambiance here. It feels like you're in a cocoon. I love both the steam room (which smells amazing, is really spacious, and really allows for a gradient in heat depending on which level you sit on) and the dry sauna (wooden head rests? yes please!). The lounge area has everything you need from comfy lounge chairs (like giant bean bag chairs), pillows, magazines, apples, dried fruit, nuts, water, mint tea... The quiet zone is a great place to take a nap. The women's change room has 3 showers plus hair dryers, flat irons, body and face cream, hair elastics, spray deodorant, and other essentials in case you didn't bring your own. There is a supply of plastic bags for you to store your wet swimsuit when you leave. The robes are super plush and fuzzy. Your locker is opened/closed with a thin waterproof bracelet, so you don't need to worry about carrying a key around. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the spa and services. Check out the Sunday night/weekday specials. I went on a Monday and got a 60 mins. massage plus access to the baths for $99. They also post some promotions on their website or facebook. I wish we had a place like this in Toronto (maybe the closest one is Hammam Spa)! This is everything a spa should be -- just show up, bring your bathing suit, and let them take care of the rest!
5	An AMAZING experience! Went on a Friday evening (made a reservation the day before) for the bath experience. A most luxurious and refreshing time. The ambiance of the place is romantic (in a non-creepy way). You can feel at ease on your own, with a friend, or with a partner. Sauna bath and waterfall are a great way to start. The steam room and dry heat rooms are wonderful too! The only thing I would change is to make the cold bath a bit bigger - it really only fits one at a time. The staff is lovely and the amenities are top notch. I can't wait to go back!
