5	Where to get your Satay Brothers fix during the Winter! With Creemore beer on tap, and open till 10pm starting Feb7th (ish ;) All the delicious reviews over on the Biz listing for the Satay Brothers stand in the market apply, just add indoors and cozy: http://www.yelp.ca/biz/satay-brothers-montreal
5	Yum-yum. Not only are the brothers entertaining and fun to meet but their food is absolutely delicious. Thank goodness they have a winter home...i will be there in a heartbeat.
5	I love Satay Brothers and I can now indulge eating their delicious food even during winter. Since they opened on St-Jacques, I have been twice and it is as good as ever. A great spot for lunch but also for dinner, as beginning this week they will be opened evenings from Thursday to Sunday nights. Great news for all the foodies in town.My favourites : satays, green papaya salad, and steam buns.
5	Good food on a cold winter night, cash only please!Another indonesian joint to add to the list!!! I count 3 so far, Nonya, and Gado-Gado and now Satay Bros, let me know if you guys find another, better yet someone find me a Malaysian resto in Mtl!!!There's maybe 10 or 11 items on the menu, we ordered six of them, would have ordered 7  but the waiter said it was too much and talked us out of the extra dish. It was a good call cuz that extra dish would have been too much.The place is small bus cosy and it's open kitchen. The staff is friendly and laid back. The appetizers are 2-6$ and mains run about 7-10$. The dishes are not too large but are a good deal considering the price. I'd recommend two appetizers and 2-3 mains for two ppl who share food. We ordered 3 apps and 3 mains but we eat a lot :) yeah I'm fat and I like it lol.On to the food, we had: satay, pork buns, and papaya salad for appetizers, and laksa, mee goreng and beef rendang for mains.Satay is basically grilled skewered meat, this one was chicken. It was served with peanut dipping sauce and a side of cucumbers. This version however is marinated with lemongrass, which in all my satay eating experience is a first. Lemongrass is commonly used in vietnamese cuisine especially for grilled meat, so it is a flavor that I like and am familiar with. I do recommend this satay for it's lemongrass flavor.The pork buns are soft in texture, and the pork is tender. it is garnished with cucumber, coriander and hoi sin sauce. The sauce is a bit too sweet, but all together it is very good, at 3$ a pop, it's on the pricey side.The papaya salad was very good, it has a strong tangy taste but salted and sweetened just right to balance it out, this goes very well with the pork buns. Add some papaya to your pork buns to balance out the bun's sweetness, oh yeah that's right mix it up.Laksa, which a seafood noodle soup with coconut and curry. It was well salted, just enough that would balance out the blandness of the vermicelli, but not so salty that you were thirsty at the end of a bowl. It is mildy spicy and the spiciness accumulates as you eat. They also provide a bit of hot paste on your spoon at serving for those who wish to add more hotness. I opted to not add it because I don't like it too spicy.Mee goreng, Mtl we have a new best mee goreng!!! well by default anyways lol. I've always thought the mee goreng at Nonya was the best, but last time I was there ~2010 it was no longer on their menu :( so since the other one is no longer available, this is the new best! It is served with a wedge of lime and I strongly recommend you add the lime and mix before eating. The flavors are very strong in a mee goreng, and it can get overpowering quickly so the lime tempers it a bit, makes it milder. This one is a bit spicy too which is a nice touch.Beef rendang, this is perhaps the best rendang I've ever had in a restaurant. The sauce is not too greasy, it's balanced in terms of salt and sweet, and mildy spicy on the back end. As you eat the dish the spiciness increases and at the end you're like shit that was hot, wham there you go that's rendang! even though I know this, I always lather the sauce on my rice cuz it's so good, but only put it on half your rice, save the other half to temper the spiciness at the end :)Best meal I've had in a long while :) Now go!!!
5	Satay Brothers may well be the best Singaporean/Malaysian restaurant east of Vancouver. Ok I can't know this for a 100% fact, but I'm pretty sure. After frequenting their summer location at Atwater market I was thrilled to learn that Satay Brothers finally setup a more permanent location nearby. The restaurant is very cozy, seating about 20 people at a mix of small tables and long communal style tables. We had  proc and tofu buns, Laksa, Mee Goreng and Gado Gado salad. Everything was terrific, but the winner for me was the Gado Gado salad, perhaps that was because of the peanut sauce which I love. But, other contributing factors were the freshness of all the ingredients and the mix of terrific flavours and textures. The bill for the above came-out to $33. Based on the value, the extreme tastiness of the food and how difficult it is to find good Singaporean/Malaysian cuisine this is a five star review. On top of everything else, the guys who run the place are great!
5	These guys have been perfecting their craft at the Atwater markets (during the Summer) for the last few years. What you get here is more of the good stuff. The food is great, and the prices are cheap!The laksa is solid, the satay sandwiches are great (how could they not be?), and the pork buns - while not looking like what I'm used to - are great!I love that they have Creemore Springs by the pint - it goes so well with anything on the menu.
5	This place is great.
5	Oh satay brothers!!! This might be one of my favorite place to go! The ambiance and the food are the best. I go there every week and i enjoy it everytime!! I know pretty well the crew and they are the most down to earth people i know. They know what they want and how to achieve it perfectly. Every bites you take is a trip to malaysia. They know that i like my food spicy so they always bring me a side of fresh chili. I will never get tired of this food.
5	Last week my boyfriend and I were on the lookout for something new and exciting, and saw that Satay Brothers had 5 stars and decided to go for it!  At first we were a little worried considering the area around it is quite dark, so we thought we might have been duped and the place closed.  Luckily we were wrong! It's a tiny little place with elbow-to-elbow seating, but it is definitely worth it.  The food is absolutely amazing.  At first we were a little unsure what to go with since we really hadn't had anything on the menu before, but the employees were so welcoming and happy to explain it all to us.  The service is really what made the experience that much better.  We split the Mee Goreng (I'm sorry about the spelling!) and the dish of the day which had all kinds of stuff in it... all you need to know is that it was all delicious.  We would have tried one of everything (and almost did!) if we had more room in our stomachs!I can't wait to head back to Montreal again just to come back here :)
4	Great food, but tight location and there was almost a line out the door. Rather than sit in line, we ordered to take out. The food was great, though and really had great Indonesian flavours.
5	Finally got to try the Satay Brothers' winter location shortly before they re-open at the market. (Mind you, it was a wintery night, which is relevant because the place is small - seats around 20 - and there is very little room to queue inside. Be warned.)The decor is warm, and suggestively Asian, but honest and simple - kinda like the Satay Brothers themselves ;-). The menu is also simple but varied, with the satay du jour providing extra variety. I was surprised and happy that they serve alcohol as well as their amazing array of exotic juices, which kept the kids and non-alcohol-drinkers very happy.The food was delicious, as usual. Most memorable were: the tiny pieces of hot chilis in the green papaya salad, which add extra zing to the refreshing taste and crunchy texture; the spiciness of the seafood mee goreng, and the tender firmness of its noodles; the otak otak (fish cake in a banana leaf), served with cucumber, egg and sauce on the side (I wish I knew what it was - made with tamarind maybe?), which was such a tangy "sweet and sour" combination. We also had beef rendang, tofu steamed buns, chicken satay skewers. It was all super tasty.The service was so friendly and warm, it made the whole experience even better. Finally, the music was eclectic and a real pleasure to listen to, without overwhelming the atmosphere.We left feeling completely satay-sfied!
4	A couple of years ago, while visiting Atwater Market with some friends, I tried a food stand called Satay Brothers. Don't exactly remember why I chose that particular food stand for food instead of the other ones present but I was quite happy with my choice that day. Fast forward to today and the Satay Brothers have opened up their prep kitchen on St-Jacques a few blocks over from the market to customers looking for their amazing asian fare during the winter time as well.The restaurant has a small sitting area of probably about 20 or so people. I arrived solo on a surprisingly busy mid afternoon Saturday. It was busy enough that I was set up at the bar counter since no tables were opening up anytime soon for a solo customer.To start with, I ordered the green papaya salad with grilled pork. This was a wonderfully fresh and light salad - a combination of what tasted like lemon, lime, mint and basil with the added crunch of peanuts to play with textures. Great start to the meal.Next up, there was the classic steamed pork buns. A nice piece of fatty pork with some coriander, cucumber and a hoisin-like sauce. I loved these the first time I had them at the market and I still loved them now. With the buns, I also added one chicken satay. Perfectly grilled and tender, when you added the amazing peanut sauce, the dish had a great kick to it. Believe me, I hate cucumber but you certainly needed them afterwards to help cleanse the palette.Finally, for dessert, I decide to try the Kueh Salat. A combination of coconut, stick rice and pandan, this was a perfectly light and sweet dessert that played very well after the rest of the meal.For all fans of the Satay Brothers from the Market, this is a must-visit to enjoy your usual summer favorites. For the rest of you, this is an extremely worthwhile visit - great food at a very reasonable cost. The Winnicki brothers and their mother have created a wonderfully homie restaurant experience. Alex, who was tending to the floor, was quite active - always interacting with his customers, starting up conversation while keeping service very snappy. The love shown to him and his family from all the patrons is a testament to the attention they put on everyone who comes through that door. I must also praise Alex from being quite understanding towards a situation with me that involved leaving money at a ATM prior to my arrival (unbeknownst to me when I came to pay) which is a problem at a cash only place. Quite the embarrassment for me but Alex was very trusting and was not concerned that I wouldn't come back later on to pay (which I did 20 minutes later). For the way he handle my situation, I thank him very much and, irregardless of the amazing food, he has certainly ensured that I return on a much more frequent basis in the future.Cheers!
5	What a find this was and in many ways! I am a big fan of Indonesian and Singapore style food. Finding these types of eat in North America in nearly impossible and done correctly totally impossible.    Micro small, it's pretty much a hand full of communal table. Simple menu 3-4 choices but what they produce took my tastebuds back to Maxwell Road hawkers center in Singapore!    The Laksa was wonderful, rich and spicy and resored me after my 1.9 mile walk from the Marriott. The Mee Goreng was equally amazing. Then to guild the Lilly they gave me a satay for just stopping in. My server wish I recalled his name then gave me 4 other fun places to try while on my foodie weekend craw. They were all fantastic! Thanks for the tips and moreover an amazing lunch!
3	This was my first visit to their winter location. The place is very cosy and love the red lantern at the front door. Ordered a bunch of stuff-chicken skewers, gado gado salad, the laksma lemak soup, some beef patty sandwich with radishes. The issue is that while the food was tasty, my expectations were higher. The spice and zing that i remember from their outdoor Atwater location was lacking, and the beef sandwich, while the meat cooked just right, was dry and the advertised spicy mayo was barely to be found within. The salad was nothing special, just green beans, potatoes and not very tasty tofu with their peanut sauce. The best was the soup, and the peanut dipping sauce. I would go back to the Atwater location if i were shopping at the market, but i don't see myself going out of my way to go to the winter location as a destination itself. Prices are very reasonable though! I would give it 3.5 stars if i could
3	Overall its an "okay" restaurant. Very small interior, nice decor, and interesting "hipster" scene. Good food, kinda pricy for the amount you get. This restaurant wouldn't be a competitor in terms of good potion. They're popular because of the environment they provide. The quality of the food is fresh and delicious. I'd recommend trying it if you're in the area.
