4	I like this CVS Pharmacy because they always have what I am looking for whether its been a sale item etc. I get the feeling this is not a high traffic CVS but I could be wrong. They have a Minute Clinic inside tihs CVS. Will be writing their review later onz. This particular CVS has a beauty corner where they have a special beauty person helping people with their beauty needs. The cashiers can be a little pain in the arse to deal with but other then that, it is fine.
2	Update for the Minute Clinic: I don't really like going here but when you are dog sick on a weekend, this is a place to be. At least you can get some antibiotics etc. The nurse practitioners keep rotating so its never the same one and some of them act stupid or have an attitude. They hardly ever diagnose the exact problem but sometimes the meds they give you cover most things so you end up A-OK for the most part. I went twice in a row and they missed my allergies and I suffered for weeks until my PCP diagonosed it in 2 minutes. Always say YES to the question on the little sign in kiosk for the survey they e-mail you. This way you can at least provide honest feedback. There is a looong wait once you get there. I waited 1.5 hours once. They do not see patients less than 18 months old, just so ya know.Minute Clinic does accept most insurance.
1	THey are soooooo slow every time we go to the drive through window. We have decided to change pharmacies.
3	No negative feedback. Just my local CVS.
1	The money-gram service fee is $14 meanwhile at Walmart only $9. They using a phone call instead if a filling form which is I have to repeated the questions & the answers many times. They only accepted cash, not debit card. So when I have to take the cash from the ATM near their door, it charged me $3. I had to do it coz I have no time to find Walmart,  otherwise I preferred to go to Walmart. It suck.
1	They have the rudest people working at the pharmacy. Once we were not given the complete medication. These people didn't have the basic courtesy to inform us that it was the pharmacy that ran out of Medicine.  We thought that the doctor didn't give the details of the medicine to the pharmacy. We ended up calling the doctor and all that hassle. Bunch of  incompetent, rude and pathetic people work here.  Avoid this  pharmacy like the plague.  Or better, avoid cvs !!
5	The pharmacy here is great. First time I came here I was in and out within twenty minutes. This is my second time and it took a little bit longer but still not a big deal. I come all the way from tucson bc all tucson pharmacies never have meds in stock.  So compared to tucson pharmacies this place is heaven. The Pharmacist who helped me was and Deb she was so kind and helpful.
