2	So I am beginning to think that we all have our dive restaurants that we just can't let go of.  We hold on dearly to the early memories of salivation and desire.  As we continue to pass through the doorway of the dive, we ignore the stench of mildew only dreaming of the yummy dish of yesteryear that we fought crosstown traffic to get to.  The worst is when we brag to our friends about the "best" place for_______ only to discover that we are just exposing our weaknesses and opposition to change.  Perhaps you aren't that person but I have had an awakening of sorts with Chapalas and realize I am a Dive Lover.  For years, I have gone back to my old school Mexican paradise for the ever so greasy enchiladas and a few Dos Equis.  In fact, I am beginning to feel the desire welling in my mouth.  It wasn't until my last visit that I began to remove my beer goggles and see it for what it really is....a dump aka dive.  The place is a Vegas native so to speak and I would assume that they could afford to spruce things up a bit....please Chapala's do something.  The smell, the occasional tiny creature running across the floor, and the overly greasy food has now got me rethinking my standards.  Am I now becoming a food snob or is it that my standards for cleanliness have now reached a healthier level?  I feel certain that I will cave in to my weakness and give it another shot....I am a junky.  I sure hope that they feel my energy as I send out the message..." a good Spring cleaning is in order!"
3	I ended up here one ill-fated Valentines Day.  I should have taken it as a sign.We wanted to go get burgers at Ichabod's, but they were only serving lobster.  We were in a rush to get home and try the merlot I'd bought for the occasion, so we ended up here.  It's a place I've driven by countless times and have heard rave reviews about, but it was just mediocre.We had to wait for quite some time until we were seated, and when we were the service proved to be pretty slow.  The chips and salsa were brought out and since I absolutely can't resist chips and salsa I drove right in.  Minutes later I was still sitting there with my mouth on fire and no drink.  We had to ask for them again.My enchiladas suizas were good, but the tortilla was mushy as if the plate had been sitting under a lamp for a while, and the sauce was more of a sour cream than an actual cream sauce.  My dining partner enjoyed his selection (I can't remember exactly what it was) but like me he didn't have any rave reviews.That boyfriend and I are still friendly, but we're not in close contact.  Same thing with Chapala's and me.
4	I frequently visit this place and I'm happy nearly everytime I go. The food is great and at a decent price. The smell has much improved since closing its old location and reopening just further up the parking lot. Get the house margarita! Delicious and with a generous pour of tequila, you won't be disappointed. The wait staff could use a freshening up of attitudes. But all in all a great place for a great-priced Mexican meal!
3	I did like this restaurant in its old location and I miss some of the homey-ness of the old building, I think that they certainly lost a lot on the atmosphere monitor when they moved. The new location is roomier, but not as nice.  Surprisingly, that does make a bigger difference than you would think.  The old location had booths which were almost private, a big fountain in the middle of the room, and some charm which made up for the fact that the food was about middle of the road.  It was a "family" place for us when the kids were growing up, and I haven't been back since the first try since they moved.  There are just too many other choices.  I don't DISLIKE it, but it's really not as special. They have the standard combination plates/rice/beans/red sauce, but not as many unusual offerings as, say, Michocan on DI, so I think they are falling behind the leaders as more come on the scene.
3	My co-worker, who's having her baby soon, introduced me to this restaurant a couple of years ago.  I wasn't really all that impressed with the food the first time I went there.  It was just your mediocre Mexican food menu.  My first time I ordered Enchilada with chicken and beef.  Nothing to be impressed about since it tasted like any other.  My co-worker loves this place.  So we've been coming here from time to time for lunch.  I have to admit, the reason why I keep coming back is because of what my co-worker orders, Flautas.  These are so good.  As we keep coming here, the food kept getting better.  Maybe they fired the old cook, or the cook is getting happier and happier.  Getting laid maybe?  Okay, that was inappropriate.  But, the Flautas are awesome here.  The crispiness of the wrapping combined with the tenderness of the meat is something no one should miss out on.Something you can do without here is their guacamole and chips.  Chips seem like they're re-used.  What I mean by that is if there are left over chips from a table, seems like they'll put it back in the chip bin, reheat it,  and put it in another bowl for another customer.  The guacamole is too smoothie like consistency.  I like 'em chunky.  As for service, it's just like any other restaurant that have monotony to it.  You sit down, they'll bring out water.  Then they'll ask you if you want anything other than water to drink.  After the drink, they take your food order.  When you get your food, they'll give a courtesy walk by to see how you're doing.  It's very monotonous.  No personality really.  Maybe I'm just being picky.If I'm gonna eat there again, it would only be for the Flautas.  If I lived around there, I would just order the food to go and eat it at home.
5	**********TACO TUESDAY*********My first ever Taco Tuesday was here.  Went with a LOT of rowdy people and the place was seemingly cool with the huge loud crowd, and even was able to seat us (I'm talking like 50 people).I got a meal #27, don't remember exactly what it was but it included tacos and beans and was pretty epic-tasting.  The meal combo seemed so perfect that all of my friends got the #27 and loved it just as much.  However, my friend Greg did not get the #27 and was temporarily shunned for doing so. The chips are epic, as was the salsa and the interior decor.  Also epic are their margaritas (and from what I remember, cheap too).  There is a seperate bar area you can go to get away from your crowd and order drinks.  Bar is especially cool because there are pictures of el guapo and wooden ships to look at while you order/drink.  Cabs were ready and willing to take us back to the strip after we were finished eating.  I rode with chuckyhacks and it was fun.WOULD GO AGAIN, HAD A BLAST, 11/10 STARS.
3	Had lunch here today..first time I've been here in a while. I had the cheese enchiladas, and chips and salsa. The "hot" salsa was actually pretty good, but its more of a "medium" than hot. The chips are good, not too salty, which is nice. I enjoyed my enchiladas, but it really is hard to screw up cheese enchiladas. I enjoyed the sauce as well. My coworkers were pretty satisfied with their dishes as well. I was a bad vegetarian though, as I didn't ask what was in the beans or rice...the beans definitely didn't taste like they were cooked in lard, but I will ask next time I am there. The portion sizes were big, I didn't finish mine, and the price wasn't too bad...lunch for under $10. It wasn't too crowded at lunch time, but the place is also pretty big.
4	I had the chicken chimichanga which was surprisingly great. The chicken was moist and flavorful. The margaritas are huge. Service was prompt and pleasant. The menu has an awesome array of selections. I had a hard time choosing my meal. Inexpensive place. The only thing I do not like is they drown everything with lettuce.
4	this place is great.  i just recently moved to this side of town and have been here twice now.  the reviews so far are mostly mediocre, but personally, i have loved the food.  it's all home made, the beans are great, tons of selections, etc.  service is excellent!  they couldn't have been nicer and my water glass was never empty.  go there, see for yourself!  ;)
5	I made reservations and arrived here with a large group of family in from out of town on a Friday night for a celebration, they had tables put together & had it set up very nice, in a very comfortable area. It was banquet style and we were allowed to bring in our own cake! We had such a wonderful private festival and the mariachi's stayed from one end of our table to the other! We would have paid a hefty price for banquet hall for the provisions we received it was A+ service! Oh yes, we all tipped them very well. They made it a picture perfect evening for us, it's nice to go somewhere that GREED is not on the menu!
5	I may be biased since I've been going to this restaurant since I was a kid, but here it goes...Chapala's is simply put the Mexican restaurant with the best food, the best staff, and the best margaritas in town. Their Grandpa margarita has been a staple since I've turned 21. Their waiters are always friendly and have not changed for years, they love their jobs and their customers, and it really comes through in the service.The meatball soup or anything with shredded beef are the best things to get here, but pretty much no matter what you choose it will probably be a winner.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. Chili Verde is unreal, you could put that sauce on styrofoam and I'd eat it. Enchiladas Verde is almost always on special and my gf gets it every time. Enchiladas de camaron are delicious. They have a small tiki bar in back featuring some awesome rum based cocktails, try the Ryan's Redbird. Good beans and rice come with most entrees. Avocado and tomatoes are always super fresh.
1	Terrible service. Not friendly. Very negative experience. Never a yes, always a no we can't mentality. Just not a good vibe from the staff. Dining with friends is supposed to be a good time, not an unpleasant one. Food was edible but not worth a return. The burritos were ok, not much to them, it was like there was a lack of food love by the chef. The plates that my frieds ordered looked like baby puke and you could even tell that is was a quesadilla. It was smimming in everything around it. I won't be recommending this place to people and if they mention that they are going I will say don't go, go to XYZ, service it much better and so is the food. I am not a picky eater, nor a food snob, but this place is not worth the time or money that you spend there. AND TO STRESS AGAIN... THE CASHIER WAS JUST A RUDE RUDE RUDE WOMAN!!! If you hate your life and your job that much, then you shouldn't  work in customer service. Really how hard is it to be friendly and smile to people. This is a city where it is acceptable to at least pretend to be happy and smile to your customers. I'd rather go to a taco shack!
2	This is a horrible restaurant!  I believed the yelp reviews and wanted to try this place...  "Tiki bar"?  The drinks here are over priced and GROSS.  I ordered a bean burrito -  no cheese, wanted some salsa on it.. they put pork all over it!  Seriously?  If i order a burrito with beans only I definitely do not want meat on it!  Also, ordered some chips and salsa... salsa SUCKED, the hot salsa was ok, but the regular one was just tomato sauce, yuck.  No wonder the place was vacant! Never going back here!
5	I have been going to this restaurant for over 20 years. This is by far the BEST mexican food in town. You can't go wrong with any of the items on the menu.
3	Besides taking the order 20-25 minutes after we were sat, delivering the food, and giving us the check, our waiter was hardly around. He took the order of everyone around us, including a few couples that sat down after us. The busser was attentive in refilling our waters, chips, and salsa. He was also the one to pre-bus the table and check up on us. I had been eating throughout the day and was just snacking on the chips and a few bites here and there. The mild salsa was best described, by my friend, as a pizza sauce. The chunk spicy carried a light kick but was lacking in any other flavor. My friends both loved their meals. The cheese enchiladas were gooey and was good for a simple meal. The carnitas (12.95) were pretty amazing though. The meat was tender and moist on the inside and the outside was crisp. The plate came with rice, beans, two tortillas, lettuce, tomatoes, and sliced avocados. The food is cheap and decent here. The lower rating is due to the poor service by our server.
5	My husband and I like to consider ourselves Mexican food aficionados. As our favorite type of cuisine and my husband from San Diego, we find there are not too many good Mexican "sit down" restaurants in Vegas. Yah...you can go with these people who don't know true good Mexican food and join the "Vegas Michoacan" bandwagon with their ridiculous prices and bad food OR you can eat at Chapala's delicious food and enjoy their great prices.  My husband and I frequent Chapala's and love, love their beans. Good Mexican food is all about good beans for us and they hit the mark. The rice is tasty as well. I always get the enchiladas or ground beef taco, or both! The enchilada sauce is my style - not too red, more of an orangey color and lots of cheese...sometimes a special surprise...hot and gooey cheese that has snuck its self under the rice! I am not sure about the unfriendly service people state on here, we have never experienced it - maybe it is just one server and we have never had that one?? They are always pleasant and the food comes out super fast. Their prices rock! Under $9 for a 2 item combo and under $8 for a 1 item combo! The chips are always good and warmed...One complaint, they are definitely lacking in the salsa department. The mild tastes like plain tomato sauce. I do like the hot chunky salsa, sometimes super hot. My trick is to spoon some of the hot into the mild and it makes a good salsa! I will forgive them for the not so great salsa because of the excellent tasting beans and enchiladas!
5	I thought I wrote one up for this one, already, whoops! We've gone here several times, and we like it so much better than the original one on Decatur.  We went here a few weeks ago for lunch, while we were in the area.I really like the ambiance here. It's not dark (think dungeon) like the other one (Decatur), and it feels festive, in here, but not overdone (my favorite for ambiance is casa don juan btw). The tables, chairs, and booths are spaced just right (though we always get seated next to a loud talking person, go figure, almost like they want other people to hear their life stories, had to tune them out, though). In other words, it doesn't feel cramped in here. The people working here are very nice and inviting (smiles and greetings). Our server was pretty good. There is another person tending to the drink refills, but I don't think she speaks much english and is a bit timid. The hostess is very welcoming. This is a Entertainment Book participant (BOGO). The prices are very good too.  The salsa is very good here. I love the spicy salsa- mmm, and my husband likes the regular one (he can't do spicy). So, you get two kinds of salsa with chips (careful, so easy to over do it, before you know it, you're not hungry anymore). I usually get the fish tacos but I really wanted ceviche this time (shrimp and crab, served with tostados and sliced avocado). The ceviche is served in a bowl, and is tasty, but I needed to add Tapatio, for some heat. I also added some spicy salsa, too. I didn't finish it- I took the rest home. My husband usually gets a burrito (but it had all the things he dislikes) but he surprised me by getting the fish tacos (2), served with rice, and beans. He really liked it. I had a bite too, but it's my go-to dish, so it wasn't a new thing for me. Good Mexican food that is reasonably priced (good portion size) along with nice ambiance is kind of hard to come by here; sure, there are lots of copycats in this town, so this restaurant is really appreciated.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I Have been going there my whole life! I love the servers, food, and drinks. The fajitas, rice and beans, salad,soup, enchiladas, chips and salsa are DELICIOUS! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT! Also if you get the RJ check the Wed and Friday paper for a buy one get  free entree coupon!
4	Food is always very tasty. Beans and rice are great. Excellent traditional food.
3	Reasonably priced, well prepared, hardy portions.The food here is pretty typical Mexican food. Certainly a lot better than Taco Bell or Del Taco, but nothing special. It was good, hot, and generous in size--I couldn't finish mine. The waiter was prompt and efficient and there were several beers to choose from. As a value, this is a good choice of place to go. You will get a good meal for a fair price and have good service. For a lot of restaurants, that would be a lot to expect but here is it what I got. This is a good place for lunch and I would certainly return. It's just a good, everyday eatery.
4	Great Mexican food, and the servings are very large so bring your appetite,  ps " great ice tea "
4	We tried Chapala's for the first time, today. We had always gone over to Casa Don Juan, but their service and quality really dropped off last time, and so we decided to try something new. How very lucky for us that we did!First of all, the menu covers just about every option for which I could hope when going to a Mexican restaurant. Page after page of different combinations, different menu items - I give that a big thumbs up. However, it's not all about the menu; the food has to be good. So, we ordered (I got the combo plate of enchiladas and a tamale), and hoped for the best.So many Mexican restaurants here use, for their enchilada sauce, that Ortega crap right out of the salty little can. Not Chapala's. Nope - this was clearly homemade by someone who knows how enchilada sauce should taste. At least, that's what the red sauce was. The green sauce was another story altogether. That appeared, fully formed, from the mind of a benevolent God who wants us to be happy. If I wasn't full to the point where taking a breath makes me pee a little, I'd sit down with a pitcher of that green sauce and just drink it. I'm going back. I'm going back often. I have my new favorite Mexican place.
4	Easy to find and alot of parking. Staff is friendly and been here a long time.Menu is authentic, consistent and combo with good rice and beans. Fajitas are also authentic Mexican style and worth trying.Prices very reasonable and good overall experience. Will repeat.
4	Last night was our second time at Chapala's.  The food was good, inexpensive but tasty and with big portions.  I had the chile relleno served a la carter.  For $4, I wasn't expecting much but the portion was huge and I was full with just that (and the chips of course).  The relleno is stuffed with cheese, and the plating is pretty average. I've also had the beef chimichanga and the appetizer sampler.  I think the food is flavored for Americans more than a true Mexican palate.  This isn't trendy food or a trendy atmosphere.  But I give it four stars because they serve good tasting, well priced, large portions of food.  They have good service (for the most part), and while your neighbors may be loud, they don't pipe the music in at such a volume that you can't have a conversation.  Oh, and it is easy to get a parking space.
5	there other location closed!!!! this is my spot please eat here!!!! they are awesome the service is great and now i have to drive to the east side to eat.....i dont know what i would do if this location closed they have employees that have been working for them for 25 years i think that says something about the owners ummm like they are awesome... i ate today at this location to find out my dear marta and mirta are still there but manuel is not... the food was still great the service too i love chapalas
3	Good food not great but good. My girlfriend and I had nacho's to start.  The nachos were very fresh and filling. Then we both had the fish taco's wich were good. If the soft taco shell was cooked I think it would have made a world of difference .  But the flavor of the fish inside was really good. The plate came with 2 taco's wich we both Could not finish. Needless to say I had a fish taco's for lunch.
4	Been coming here since I moved to Vegas! Sad they moved the location but this is def. a great spot for Mexican dishes and Margaritas =)
5	Great food. Excellent service. Our table of 6 were very happy with our meals. We will be back!
4	In a search for a Michoacan alternative, Boyfriend and I ended up at Chapala's. Side note: how are there not more sit-down Mexican places around?The restaurant was probably 1/4 full, which always makes me feel weird. I love excellent service as much as the next person, but when servers have too much time on their hands, they hover and it creeps me out. Thankfully, a minimum of hovering here. The complementary chips & salsa were tasty. The chips tasted fresh. There were two salsas: a hot and a mild. They were not kidding about the hot, but it was really good, so I continued to torture my poor tongue :)Boyfriend got beef enchiladas. They were swimming in sauce and the filling was all beef (no veggie overload in there!). I had the carne asada tacos. Oh wow, were they delicious. They reminded me of street tacos: well-marinated meat with diced onions and cilantro. Nothing else was needed! Highly, highly recommended entree.It's cheaper and tastier than the Michoacans. We ate for $30 out the door.
5	How I missed reviewing this place in my Yelping escapades is beyond me. Bold statement in 3...2...1....Chapala's is the best Mexican restaurant in Vegas...I know, I just blew your mind. But seriously, the food is that good. It's a staple dining option in the Jason L. household.WARNING, please do not let the following statement deter you from going. Their salsa is below average. If they had great salsa I might give them a bonus star. Not sure why, it's pretty generic mild & hot soupy salsa. An improvement here and this would be a huge bonus.I've eaten various things on the menu, my favorite would have to be the Enchiladas Ranchera. The creamy white sauce they use is awesome, and hard to find elsewhere. Always cooked to perfection. They have outstanding beans and rice to compliment the entree. Service is generally very good. If your not feeling the Enchilada vibe then go a little lighter with the Grampa Tostada. You have the option of a meat (chicken is juicy, moist, and you receive a generous portion). Their traditional enchiladas and tacos are also excellent. Ground beef always has great flavor and their enchilada sauce isn't weird (you know what I mean, that mole/cinnamony strange sauce we all come across from time to time). Another warning and tip...they offer coupons in the LV Review Journal on Wednesday's in the Taste Section and Friday's in the Night & Day pull out. *warning* They will not accept the coupon if it's not presented prior before placing your order. Do not test them, they have signs (every-friggin-where).
5	Had a #45 2 cheese enchiladas with rice and beans and it was great. To top off the meal got a large margarita on the rocks. Awsome service and great atmosphere for authentic mexican food dinning experience. Will be going back for sure.
2	I was born really close to the Mexican border so when I heard this was the best Mexican place in town, naturally I had to act fast.It's located centrally which is pretty nice - not in the best neighborhood, but easy access to the freeway.I should've known that this place was going to be a disaster from they're chips and salsa. One salsa was way too spicy and the other tasted like tomato sauce. When our food arrived (after a good wait) my guacamole had a fowl, spoiled taste and my mom's steak was rare. We sent both plates back (which I never do) and my second plate came equipped with beef instead of the chicken I order. Besides that, the food was just mediocre. The beans were too salty, and the meat was under-seasoned. Prices are reasonable for a sit down joint, but you can honestly get better food a Roberto's. Skip this one!
5	Great authentic mexican food. The atmosphere and service was excellent. I will be returning quite often. Would highly reccomend.
3	Good food, but average service.  The margarita's are very good.
5	Loved the service and the food was great!!!!!!!!
5	If you want an old school restaurant with old school Mexican food at reasonable prices, Chapala's is for you.  The staff is friendly and accommodating, the atmosphere is laid back and family-friendly, and the food is really good.  It was the best Mexican I've had in a long while, and I'm from Los Angeles.  Great job!
2	The only reason they get two stars is the server we had was great. He was very personable and made us feel welcome.To take a page from Jason L... Bold statement in 3...2...1.... Chapala's is some of the WORST Mexican food I have ever consumed. I may be a Gringo, but my palette is very well versed in Mexican food of every quality.It started out like any other night, in decision about what and where to eat. I had brought my wife home her favorite meal of all time, so her input was somewhat tied to how awesome her dinner was. It was all on me.We left the house a bit like Crocodile Dundee, just on a drive-about to let my steering wheel and stomach lead the way. Again, I have lived on the East side of Vegas off and on for years and years. I have seen Chapala's more times than I can recall. It seemed packed most evenings and weekends, figured it was time to stop in. Pulling into the parking lot, I wondered if they were still open, as it was empty. Never fear, the 'Open' sign was illuminated, time to eat!We walked in and were immediately greeted and seated. The tables were all covered in some thick, leather table cloths with trim, paper napkins were folded into little tents and the booths had a similar leather pattern to the table cloth. Perusing the menu, I admired the width and breadth of their offerings. I had not read reviews, so the only warning I had that their prices were pretty high was the aforementioned leather decor.Our server came by to take our drink orders and was very friendly. A few moments later a female runner brought out the drinks and seemed very put off by the fact we were there.Chips and salsa were brought out and we dove in to what is usually a much anticipated part of a meal. As others have mentioned, their salsa is garbage. The "chunky" salsa is spicy for the sake of being spicy without flavor or good consistency. The other salsa was just like cold, lightly seasoned tomato soup. On a positive note, the chips weren't bad, just yearning for some good salsa to dip them in.Deciding on a three part combination, I ordered and we waited for the food to come out. It didn't seem to take too long for the soup to come out, I let the wife have it and she only had a couple bites. Normally, she is not as picky as me, except when the food isn't that good.My dinner was delivered. At first glance, it looked amazing, tacos, enchilada and rice almost overflowing onto the table. Then, I looked closer. The taco shells were Taco Bell, from a box, hard shell tacos. Seriously? You ask us to pay this much for premade taco shells? Then I took a bite and was again disappointed and shocked. Yet another Mexican restaurant using canned chicken. No joke, go to the grocery store, next to the tuna, you will see canned chicken. That is what Chapala's uses. Flavorless, dry, a little tough and with that "fresh from a can pink hue" that we all love so much. Fortunately, there was enough extra enchilada sauce, I was able to use it like taco sauce to add some moisture to the chicken, to make it tolerable. I finished the tacos and went after the enchilada. While it too had the same from a can chicken, the sauce and melted cheese made it tolerable. Their enchilada sauce was quite delicious.For close to $20, I got sub-par, un-fresh, pseudo-Mexican food. Extremely disappointing. There are so many good Mexican places in town that I don't see as busy as this place gets. I don't get it.As mentioned before, our server was great, he talked with us some, was very friendly and personable. Also, I ordered an iced tea but didn't need a refill, so he took it off the tab! No reason, just removed it. That was an unexpected surprise when looking at the check.Also, the enchilada sauce was very good. So I'll bump them a second star for that. However, if not for the server, 1 star may be a bit much, just for some sauce over canned food.Next time, I will be going just about anywhere but here.One final note, as we were walking out the door, saw they had a flyer posted on the door asking people to review them on a list of review sites. Well, they're getting what they asked for, maybe they should be a bit more careful about that.
1	This place confused wont be back food is ok
4	The horchata was amazing! The carne asada burrrito was soooo delicious!! Chips and salsa were perfect. Service was not phenomenal but our needs were met in a timely matter so all is good there. They were fairly busy. I will definitely be back!
3	3 Stars for Service3 Stars for Price and Value3 Stars for TasteChapala's Mexican Restaurant has been around for years.  According to the waiter, they recently moved to this location to here.  The prices here are pretty good.  For $13, you can get their 3 item combo which also includes rice & beans. I chose their Chicken Taco, Chicken Enchilada, and Chili Relleno.  Tough for me to say it wasn't good because I demolished it.  All items were good, but nothing that really sets them apart from all other dine in Mexican Restaurants.  Besides, I still prefer your hole in the wall type south of the border stops. Food came out quick and this was probably due to the fact that we were the only guest here. I can't imagine how this place is when it's busy.  Service here was okay and with lunch comes free chips with salsa.  The basket for the chips is small, but refills are free.  Not the best chips in town, but will hit the spot while you wait for your food. Overall 3 Stars because they are just okay.
4	This is one of our regular spots to eat. the employees are friendly and the food is usually really good. The hot salsa is super hot but addicting. the margaritas are giant and really good. and the fried ice cream is yummy!
5	We have been frequent customers of Chapala's for decades.  Friendly servers and delicious makes this a place we treasure!
2	The chile verde could have been more tender :( Service was good.
4	Great food and great service. The chicken enchiladas suiza was delicious!
1	Chapala's is hands down the worst Mexican restaurant I've ever been to.  I still remember their commercials from the 80s "Chapala's, my dear..Chapala's", yet I've never been. Now I have, and if I could unvisit, I would.1. Service: Our waitress was surly, and downright rude.  She did, however, keep the only palatable thing filled...our drinks.2. Chips and salsa: The one thing you continue munching no matter how full you are. This was definitely not the case. Chips were ok, but the salsa was so salty that it was completely inedible.3. Entrees: My friend had the fish tacos and said they were ok.  I had an easy combo platter...cheese enchilada and chile relleno. The enchilada was over soaked with sauce which turned the tortilla to glue and the cheese was cold. The relleno had it's entire seed core still inside which was not cool to bite into. We informed our waitress who simply brought us the bill and made no offer to take my uneaten food off of it. This one is filed under "Never Again"
2	As longtime Vegas residents, we used to really like this place. It's gone downhill. Kind of depressing ambience, I mean there's a difference between not-lavishly-decorated and just plain blah. The food wasn't great, and we were very disappointed in the processed faux guacamole we got for five bucks that was advertised as fresh-made.
5	I've been going to Chapalas since I was 9 years old. That was 25 years ago. I still love it.... a LOT. Even when I was in high school, I would sometimes frequent this place twice a day. While that may seem a little excessive, you have to understand, this place was part of my childhood. And the best part... in 25 years, NOTHING has changed. Same recipes, same taste... I think I just talked myself into going... see ya there!! lol
2	This place is just mediocre.  I would not eat here again.  It's overpriced for what you get. I ordered the Chimichanga, it is just stuffed with ground beef and some kind of tasteless    sauce.  Would not eat here again. Overpriced.
4	This is a hidden Las Vegas Gem. I heat here several times a month for their 2 item combo that will fill you up. I like a wet burrito and the Chile Relleno that comes with soup or salad. I also like the Capala's chicken which is a rotisserie chicken that is flas fried to make it crisp on the outside. In the summer I really like the Ensalada Grampa which is fresh greens with a mayonnaise sauce and pulled pork which is chilled to perfection. Tasty and cool in a hot Las Vegas Summer. The Ice tea is rich ans strong and these people know how to make a delicious Flan. The parking is ample and the ambiance ios good. for the price of the meals you can't beat it. It is worth the drive.
2	After an hour of frustrated searching for the kind of Mexican joint I'm used to going to in Atlanta, I asked the clerk at Frys and he suggested this place as a second option (his first choice was closed). I want relatively inexpensive, tasty, sit-down and REAL guacamole (not that stuff out of a bag). AGAIN and sadly, this place is not it. :( First of all, why is every Mexican restaurant in Vegas DEAD when you walk in? It's depressing! Second, the burritos are just meat in a tortilla? No. Luckily for me, the service was excellent and the server tried to accommodate my needs. He added lettuce and cheese to the inside of my burrito free of charge. Why does it not come with that stuff automatically? Steak inside the burrito WAS tasty, but everything else was mediocre to bad. Guac was the fake bag kind. Gross. Salsa was craptacular, but the chips were good. And no black beans, just refried beans? No thanks. I guess the search continues. :/
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in town. I love ordering their handmade guacemole and eating their tasty enchiladas or coming in on sunday for their buffet in the daytime. It's really good and I can get my margarita fix .
4	I have been coming to this place since I was a kid. Before they used to have a smaller, more intimate location with a large water fountain. It was beautiful and the staff would treat you like family with amazing food.Now, they have moved to a larger location. It kinda reminds me of a Mexican Denny's.It is not as good as it once was, and much of the original staff is now gone. However, I still believe it's the best Mexican food in town. A step down from what it once was, but still, the best.
5	Ordered the shrimp cocktail for starters at lunch, and it was absolutely delicious!  The shrimp were sweet and cold, the cocktail sauce had just the right spice to it ~ thoroughly enjoyed and will be returning soon!  The rest of the meal was good, like the refried beans were very tasty.....saw other dishes being served and they all looked and smelled great.  Prices were very reasonable, everything was clean.
4	When we want to get our Mexican Restaurant fix, it's Chapala's that we head for.  It's tasty and reasonably priced Mexican food, and the waiters are really good.  One item you may want to try is their garlic shrimp dish. I'm also partial to their Grandpa Tostada.  Yummy!
5	Awesome food. The albondigas was superb. Loved the chicken picado. As always, 1 flan and 2 coffees for my baby and me.
4	I've been here twice, and was not disappointed either time.The food was very good, the service was good, but the atmosphere was very dark.I guess that one would call it a "romantic atmosphere", but I went there at lunchtime, and I prefer seeing my food, over romance (plus I'm married...'nough said.)The prices were also quite reasonable.It's sort of "off the beaten path", and the only reason I even noticed it, was because I was at the Petco (or Petsmart, I can never tell those two apart), which was within eye-shot.And the second time I went was also when I was shopping at the pet store.But, all said, I would recommend it.
5	We have been eating at Chapala's for over twenty five years and have never been disappointed. The meals are large and very delicious, and the Margaritas are the best in town. My favorite is the chile verde plate and a large Margarita!
1	My wife and I took our mother here for an early lunch. The waitress sat us right away. There was not many people there so that was expected. The atmosphere was nice. The place was very clean and the temp was nice and cool. The waiter came over about 10 min after we sat down to ask us what we wanted to drink. 5 minutes to long. We ordered 2 waters and a black tea. 15 minutes later the drinks came. Wow. I was in ahh on how long it took to get our drinks out. They also brought out chips and 2 sides of salsa. Those were ok at best. I ordered the number #23. Thats a 3 item combo. I chose 2 cheese enchiladas and 1 beef burrito. My food was excellent i enjoyed it. However it took 37 minutes to get to me. My wife also ordered a #23. She had 1beef buritto and 2 chicken tacos. The buritto she said was ok and the tacos were just plain and terrible. She stated she woud rather have "Robertos" next time. My mother ordered a shrimp dish and she stated it was good but she requested no avacados. When her meal arrived it had avacados everywhere. There was NO apology for the mistake. The waiter just walked off. We had to damn near beg to get a refill on our waters. The check came out in 2 minutes. They got that done fast. It wad $50.00 i feel as if i was robbed. The only thing they wanted was my money. Crappy service. I will go somewhere else next time. Thumbs down!
1	I gave it one star only because the service was excellent. The mild salsa is tomatoe sauce with chili powder. The hot salsa is mild enough for a Midwesterner. They put VegAll in EVERYTHING! Seriously? Potatoes and Lima Beans in Tamales? Carrots and Corn in taco meat? I'm frankly embarrassed they are even in business. It is a great dishonor to a fine cuisine that I love dearly. Great service but the food is horrendous. Do not waste your time and money. Honestly? Taco Bell is better!!!!
4	My boyfriend and I really enjoy this place. The service is always good and the food is tasty and reasonably priced. We usually get the mexican dinner combo plate it comes with soup or salad, rice and beans and 2/3 of any of the following:EnchiladaChile relleno Burrito Taco TamaleYour choice of meats are chicken, shredded or ground beef, and pork. A 2 item combo is $12.50 and the 3 item is a dollar more. I LOVE the Chile rellenos. That is my favorite thing on the whole menu. I get them almost every time. I don't really care for the burritos or tacos but the fajitas were good. Like every place they have some good and some bad. The chips and salsa are probably my least favorite things. The chips are bland they have no salt and the salsa just taste like tomato sauce. Oh well I will still go here when I'm in the mood for Mexican.
5	The best Mexican restaurant in Vegas.   Nothing even compares.   Amazing food that gets better every single  visit!    The margaritas are incomparable!   Definitely have the grandpa Cadillac on the rocks.   Ask for Rico or Miguel.  They will hook you up with the best vegas has to offer.
5	Best Mexican food in town, I've been eating here for a very long time, everything is good and waiters are the best.
5	We have been going to Chapala's for years.  It is our favorite Mexican restaraunt.  The cheese enchilada's are the best I have had in this town.  beans and rice are outstanding.  Margaritas are the best.
4	This place for me is very good. The waiters are always happy & professional. The food is always on point! Tonight was my second time in and I give them four stars total. Hot and tasty food delivered right to you.
1	Food was good and place has potential, but unfortunately we had a bad experience. Waitress spilled margaritas on us, and my friend got a little wet.  No problem, except they didn't even offer to discount our ticket or offer free drinks, which is kind of expected in this industry after you spill drinks on your customers.   Also, waitress was MIA a few times throughout our meal despite being only customers in the restaurant.
1	An overall conclusion I would like to make here, is that it doesn't matter what you order from the dingy basement-like atmosphere of Chapala's...it all tastes the same!I've been wanting to go here for so long and finally did, which was majorly disappointing. I ordered a chili relleno entree which included rice and beans. I also ordered a tamale on the side. Accompanied by a family member, she also ordered a similar entree with a side dish. Considering portion size, this place doesn't disappoint. Everything else? It heavily does. There was absolutely NO flavor in any of the food. My chili relleno was ice in the middle and had a strange taste, which implied that it wasn't made fresh and most likely brought in frozen. I wouldn't argue if their other food was "prepared" the same way. This explains how our food came out quickly, wasn't even hot and tasted heavily of just salty refrigeration. I glanced over at other cutomers' plates and everything just looked the same...uniform, flavorless and just overall, no excitement. Chapala's serves traditional mexican food but in the worst ways possible. There's nothing fresh here, no exuberant colors and flavors jumping out at you when tasting these foods. Just cold, old and dead. I could say the same about the atmosphere as well as our waitress, who had the most odd-like personality I've ever encountered at a restaurant. No greetings, smiles or even explanations of anything, let alone talking. This place is dead, which also explains their 44 demerits they have just recently were closed for. I feel sick just thinking about it now.
5	Great as always, my favorite good food and service. Chips are great tonight, my salad also..
3	The food was very plain. The hostess barely said hello.The waiter was less than attentive.He forgot our drinks even after we reminded him.Slow service. Took about 20-40minutes for my food to come out. The only reason I'm not giving 2 stars is because it at least looked clean and even though it wasnt the best costumer service, I've had much worse.
5	This place is amazing! Great food! Great drinks! Amazing staff! I'm in love with their chamboard margarita! Love the carne asada! Fresh to order guacamole!Please come check this little gem out!
4	One of my favorite Mexican food spots! The service is always good, everyone here is attentive, and the food is delicious! The prices are very reasonable and I always leave here stuffed! If you're in the area it's definitely worth a try.
5	The cantina had an amazing atmosphere.  They have great service and it's really nice.
5	I love this place!!! Whenever I come to town (I'm from Cali), I hit this place up at least once!
1	If I could give this place less then one star I would! It's not very often I rate something this low just because I give points for effort but it's like this place stopped caring and started serving crap! I ordered a taco chili relleno and enchilada combo the only edible item on my plate was the enchilada.  My husband ordered the fajitas and it came on a not a fajita plate just a regular plate with lettuce and pico it was a very sad excuse for a fajita meal! Don't waste your time money or gas going to this place! Oh and to top off crappy food the service is just as bad as the food!
4	Would be a 5 stars but due to poor customer service it looses a star. We specifically asked for separate checks, the server said no problem...when we went to check out the young girl just pointed to the sign amd said we don't spilt checks...I let her know the server told us it was ok (as we asked him at least twice) but she just shrugged her shoulders and said Nope. So since we didn't have an itemized check we couldn't even do the math, it was the most frustrating check out I have ever had! So make sure you have cash and remember what you order and the price if you have a group.This has been a restaurant that me and my family starting with my grandparents we come here at ever trip to Vegas. The food is amazing no matter what you get. But I have to say that the check out girl and not accommodating your customers made all of us reconsider coming back the next day with our group. Bad customer service and it's so disappointing!I can say that they do amazing food amd the chips and salsa are amazing and everything is huge like the al la carte tacos and burrito. Like I said my family has been coming here for 30 years for a reason.
