4	I recently stayed at this hotel for five months.  It is just a few years old and is one of the nicest looking Residence Inns that I've ever stayed at.  The staff is very friendly and will take good care of you.  The only problem with the hotel is that despite a recent service upgrade, internet speeds are limited to .75MB due to the number of guests who have been hogging bandwidth.  Close to plenty of shops and restaurants despite being on the outskirts of Phoenix.
5	The circumstances of coming to stay at Residence Inn really kinda sucked. My house flooded, YAY insurance claim :( However, this is where my insurance put my family up.The people at the front desk were always on top of everything, the maid service was absolutely stellar, the pool was always clean and my 2 year old learned that it was the coolest thing ever. Every morning they have a hot breakfast included in the room rate, and Monday-Wednesday they have a managers social hour that includes food, and drink (alcoholic as well yes) again included in the room rate. It was really nice to not have to cook but if I needed to our room had a full kitchen in it and it was stocked with all the pots/pans/plates/utensils I would have needed. They also have a grocery buying service. You write what you want and they will go get it for you and bill your room, HOW COOL IS THAT?If you need to get away for an extended stay in North Phoenix certainly check this place out it was very very nice.
5	My wife and I were set up to stay here when we had a house flood and let's say the circumstances could have been a whole lot worse.This is one of the nicest hotels I have seen in the valley. Very clean, friendly and accommodating staff. Pet-friendly, Grocery service, Daily hot buffet-style breakfast, Free dinner social every mon tue and wed, and a very nice pool. Our insurance paid for us to stay there so I can't speak for their rates, but I was certainly impressed with the quality of our stay. It was very comfortable.
5	All I can say is "WOW".  Customer service does not get any better than what my family received during checking in, during our 2 night stay, during our check out, and three days later when I called back with my Marriott's reward info.  Colleen at the front desk was exceptionally friendly and helpful.  She pointed us towards great local restaurants, gave us directions and a map to her preferred local post office so we could ship boxes home, gave us recommendations on a little town we should try to visit (she learned we'd be in the nearby area anyway), plus she remembered me specifically when I called about 3 days later after finding my Marriott's reward #.  The room was a bit more than we needed (who's cooking on vacation!?!?) but the price was great, the location was perfect, and the room was comfortable and clean.  It was so nice, in fact, we ended up staying a second night when we'd only planned on one.  We decided to book our rooms for the 2nd night and drive back to it at the end of a long day instead of taking our chances of finding another hotel at the end of the day.  It was that nice and the staff was that nice.  Plus, the morning breakfast buffet was a "hot" buffet vs just continental fare.  I'd definitely recommend this hotel specifically, and this hotel chain in particular.
5	I have to say I am here during the hottest time of year and they still make it enjoyable.   I have the nicest room for the money and the amenities are very nice.  Great pool and sports park!!  Nuce gym too.  Comfortable room, that has a fyll kitchenette!   Great lobby, plenty of parking, very nice social employees that arent afraid to chitchat.  Thank you Lindsey, you were very accommodating and hospitable!   Great place to stay and well worth the money.  I will be back!!
5	This place is wonderful! After our air conditioning went out at our home we had to find a place to stay until our landlord could fix it. At first we stayed at another hotel that was the same price and totally outdated and had bugs. We were so happy when we got into our room at this hotel. Modern, clean, with professional and friendly staff. A kitchen with everything you need besides and oven, Paul Mitchell complimentary bath products and a great overall feel. I don't want to leave! Btw the pool and hot tub are great as well with toys for the kids.
4	The area is perfect as in plenty of shops restaurants and grocery stores nearby and the amenities are decent for the price. The pool is shared with the adjoining courtyard and it isn't the biggest or smallest of pools. Decent for one hotel but kind of small for 2. Decent gym with a couple cardio machine and free weights. Large spacious rooms and a decent breakfast. Only reason it got a 4 vs a 5. Poor customer service.
5	I have to say this is one of the better hotels to stay in while in Phoenix they have excellent service the front desk ladies are awesome and always greet you when you walk in the rooms are always clean everyday and the maids even do the dishes for you all I can say is wow that is awesome service I don't have any complaints with this hotel at this time we stayed at a previous hotel prior to this and I wish we would have picked this one for the first time it is an amazing hotel with excellent service
5	We stayed here due to a wedding nearby and it was a convenient and great location. We had a change in our reservation due to overbooking but the hotel accommodated us and was awesome in making sure we had the room and beds we needed.
5	Just had the opportunity to spend two nights.  This place is my "go-to" when visiting north Phoenix.  This time I took my two dogs, and they were able to stay with me.  There is a $100 non-refundable deposit required, but it was worth it.  The room had no evidence of previous pet presence.  You also get decent, hot breakfast each morning.  Highly recommend!
