1	I had a problem with my agent during a sale and the president, Jeff Sommers, said that I shouldn't worry about having to pay several hundred dollars in extra utilities since his agent had saved me from having to pay my full mortgage in my short sale.  Anyone who has done a short sale knows it is the owner who has saved the money and that the agent is just doing the transaction, pushing paper.  They take no responsibility when there are problems and recommended I take the buyers agent to small claims court.  They knew I had been wronged but would not help or rectify the issue.
1	I would give negative stars if possible. Absolute worst experience ever. I contacted Wardley real estate because I found a house I was interested in while browsing on realtors.com. I contacted the listing agent.  And was linked up with the worst realtor ever Greg Hicks. He was the most unprofessional agent I have had to deal with. Not once during the Three month period of my short sale did he contact me to update me on anything. I had to call him and when I did he never had an answer for me he always said " I'm going to have to ask the selling agent, I'll get back to you" but he never would. So I finally began contacting the selling agent Jennifer hill who is the 2nd worst realtor ever!. She was very unresponsive never returning my messages. Finally when my purchase agreement expired I quickly canceled my agreement a requested my earnest deposit back which took them weeks to even get them to get the owner to sign (BS).  They gave me the run around constantly and were full of it. If I ever see a property listed under Wardley I will run the other way. Oh ...and Jeff Sommers was of no assistant as well. Wardley real estate is a complete fail.
1	BEWARE!!!! This was the worst experience I've ever had! The office staff are very rude and judgemental. I think I got more dirty looks than help. I've rented many homes before in the past and I have great A1 credit, never been evicted and the house is still on the market( which is the funny part). I couldn't even imagine buying a home with the help of these people.  The day after I turned in my application a woman by the name of Yolanda called me at 9pm which I thought was very rude. She had the nerve to ask me personal, rude questions. She asked me if my daughter's father was magically going to "pop up" on the lease. She also asked me why I wanted to live in such a big house if it is just me and my children (which is none of her business). She also mentioned that I was well qualified and that she would get back to me at a more reasonable hr after she had spoke to the owner about my application. I waited a few days.... On Monday morning decided to call and check the status of my application. She never returned my phone call and the house is still on the market. I mean even if I was not "qualified" she could have at least returned my phone call and told me that. The way this company conducts their business is awful! I only plan on renting for one more year and When i buy a home i definitely will NOT ever conduct any business with this company again! Be careful guys and good luck...
1	This company is very unethical.. If you are looking to be treated like an idiot and not get your phone calls returned I would  highly recommend wardley. Thank god for Yelp AND THANKS FOR NOTHING WARDLEY!
