4	Big crowds arrived to scoop up big bargains once HomeGoods' most recent offering made its debut in Phoenix. Located in the same strip mall as sister store, TJ Maxx, this facility (once occupied by Borders) is recently remodeled, clean and attractive. You'll find all the usual suspects: kitchen, bed, bath, living and garden accessories. Bring your pick-up truck. Once you begin to meander around, you're likely to want to bring home more than what's on your shopping list!
5	Okay, seriously, this store is kinda badass.  As a new home owner I really cannot stress how much I hate the concept of overpaying for something like a clear vinyl shower curtain or an ironing board - essentials that really shouldn't cost all that much...and here they don't.Admittedly some of the items here are not great - but if I can save money on the small stuff then I can happily justify spending that savings on something that matters like a nice couch.
4	I love decorating my house and now that HomeGoods has moved into the old Borders location (sniff sniff), I frequent this store in hopes of snagging an awesome find at an awesome price.  While some items might be pricier (like the wrapping paper) than other stores, I happened to find a few pieces of my Kate Spade china pattern at great prices. The merchandise offered at HomeGoods changes frequently, but one can always find accent furniture, lighting, rugs, bedding, wall decor, bath, pet accessories, and kitchen accents. The seasonal decor selection is also something impressive to mention that gives Hobby Lobby a little bit of competition. Checkout has always been a breeze, which during this holiday time is rare, and hopefully it will stay that way after the season is over.HomeGoods can be hit or miss, but with new shipment every week, there is no excuse to not check it out. When you find your "hit" you won't mind the "misses".
4	Love this store, it is hit or missCause you never know what you might find but deff worth popping in to see what they have. As a new homeowner I have almost fully decorated my home fromHere for a fraction of normal retail prices.
