5	Excellent place for your massage needs.
4	Finally, there is a place in Fort Mill that specializes in massages.  There are other places to get a massage, but they are almost all in salons or chiropractic offices.I purchased a 60 minute massage through Groupon, which is always good when trying a place for the first time.  The business is in a small office park near the intersection of Gold Hill Rd and Hwy 160 (about 2 miles from the current Charlotte Knights stadium or 2 miles from the Rivergate shopping center in Steele Creek).  The small waiting area is dimly lit and very relaxing, which was nice.  They have many therapists here, and mine for this session was Sonja.  She was very good and worked out quite a few kinks.  The whole setting was very good and relaxing.  I could hear little else outside the room during the massage and almost fell asleep a couple of times.  I felt very refreshed and relaxed after the massage.  The only reason the review is only four stars is that although this massage was very good, I have had better.  On a scale of 1-10, I would give the massage and 8.  Would I go back here?  Definitely.
4	If you are looking for a GOOD massage at a good value- this is it.  They are  not trying to be a spa and offer different services- therefore they do one thing and do it well.  The environment is  perfect- comfortable for men or women.  My favorite therapist is Adam.  He gives a good firm massage but can also lighten up if needed.  I enjoy so much that I keep a standing appointment.
5	Service was great and relaxing. Sarah was really great, and very professional. I will be going back!
5	While this place is not a spa, the massages speak for themselves. I always see Adam who is courteous, has excellent bedside manner, and takes the time to talk with you about your preferences. The location is hidden behind some office buildings but is clean and appointments are always on time and they never short you on massage time. I would highly recommend this business as well as Adam the massage therapist.
1	I have been calling this establishment for 2 months on a constant basis and no one EVER picks up the phone or returns messages left on their answering machine.  I regrettably purchased a groupon for a couples massage and because I could not get a response via phone, I made an online appointment via their website for the only time available which was one month out only to get an email the day before saying the appointment was canceled with no reasoning stated!  I remain thoroughly unimpressed with the lack of followup and professionalism.  The total unresponsiveness is maddening!
