3	When I went to AC (a convention) in Pittsburgh, this is the place that we ended up eating the most.  Honestly, I don't eat sandwiches, but there managed to be other things here.The pizza was pretty good and the Buffalo Wing pizza was a novelty.  The pasta was a little weird, but what do you expect from fast food pasta?  It was a little oily for my tastes.  The line moves fairly quickly and the help staff is really nice.
4	The best day for 'Nando's sandwiches are Tuesday/Thursday.  One of the best deals downtown, IF you know what to order.  Once you go here & get the buff chix, you'll never go to Subway again, and you may even think twice about  Jimmy Johns.  It's a good bang for your caloric buck.  My personal favorite, and the only thing I order, is the Buffalo Chicken sub.  It's my favorite, and it's relatively healthy.   The bread at 'Nandos is incredibly soft & delicious.  Also, if you go to their website you can print off some solid coupons. Tuesdays & Thursdays are combo days; easily the best lunch deal downtown.  13" sub, free chips & drink for around $6.  The owner, Fernando, is usually working the cash register, so he always strives to make sure you enjoy your order.  He's a good guy and a Pittsburgh success story, so if you work in the area, do your best to support the business.  Support your local non-chain restaurants!
4	This sandwich shop is a mere block from the Westin and the Convention Center. They've served Anthrocon attendees over the last few years and are well equipped to do so with fast service and decent sub specials. I tried their breakfast too this year and the Southwest Burrito was okay. As a bonus, it came with free coffee. How many burritos do that? I've heard good things about the lasagna wrap but haven't tried one myself. Maybe next year.
3	It's a sandwich shop modeled on Subway, better than Subway, but it's still just a sandwich shop with deli-meat laden subs, wraps, fold em's and salads; no sides except chips; and cheap combo prices.  Filling and a good value, but nothing to write home about.The donut shop thingie encroaching on the dining area is just a bit odd.  Expensive little donuts.  How cool.
4	The curry chicken wrap is YUMM! A must try!
