5	This place is wonderful. Go here. I remember when this place opened - they rented CD's, which were still pretty expensive at the time. Oh man, how my friends and I loved that. I guess they were ordered to cease and desist by the recording industry. I'm really not sure why that wasn't ok. That was a golden age. Anyway, for the last couple decades it's been DVDs and such, and it's great. There is no call to ever patronize a Lackluster Video. Rentertainment has what you want. This location used to be a tiny little mom-n-pop grocery/convenience store. I'm probably the only person alive who remembers that. I think I shall start peppering my Yelp reviews with reviews of things that used to be there.
5	Why bother with Hollywood Video, Blockbuster, Family Video, Schnucks's Video Rental - etc? Rentertainment offers the lowest movie rental price in town and if you're a lazy bastard and can't return movies on time, you won't rack up a ridiculous amount of late charges here. Eclectic movie rentals include Hitchcock, Band films, Gay & Lesbian, Documentary, Film Noir, Classics, Musicals, Comedy, B films, Woody Allen, Anime, International, TV series, Horror, Cycling, Bollywood, Opera and too many more to name. You want it. They most likely have it.Rentertainment used to stock VHS tapes - but since they are a dying breed, Geoff converted 99.8 % of his stock to DVDs. You can probably find leftovers still being given away in the store. DVDs are also for sale here.
5	If there were a place like this in Chicago (please message me if there is) I might not use bittorrent!Amazing stock of mainstream and art films (they were stocking anime on Laserdisc before it exploded), reasonable rates, nice staff... *sigh*.  So jealous of y'all CU-ites.
5	A venerable campus institution that has saved countless students from Blockbuster and general boredom. DVDs from just about every genre, hi-def disks, cheap rates, and a helpful staff. I'm willing to go here rather than the free library because they have the best hours and the most diverse selection.
5	Best video rental place ever.Period.Just walk through it once and you'll understand.Oh and check out the Best B-Movie list.  That's an amusing drunken evening just waiting to happen.
5	$2 to rent any of the roughly 2387634987643bajillion random indie and mainstream movies/TV shows in the place?Hell yes.Suck it, Blockbuster - Rentertainment til I die.
5	Good Stuff1. Greatest selection EVER. 2. Very knowledgeable, helpful and ....ahem cute staff.3. Check imdb/rottentom movie ratings/reviews before you rent. They have a computer hooked up to the internet in the store!! 4. Rental Block. If you are planning on staying on campus for a couple of months you just have to buy their $100 rental block which gets you 100 movies for 3 days each.5. On Campus, open till 11:59pm6. Top Movie rental lists for each genre are put up all around the store.7. Stuff on their website!! eg. http://www.rentertainment.com/local.aspMinor issues:1. Most of the time they will only have one copy of a old movie. And if someone misplaces that particular copy then it will take a couple of weeks/months for the replacement to come in (eg. "The Game" of Michael Douglas fame was missing for a few weeks).2. 6pm/9pm return time !!3. This place really spoils you. You will never be able to use netflicks or blockbuster again.I really miss this place now that I've moved to CA... :'-( movie rental would never be the same.Update: I just noticed that Apple has used the term "Thats Rentertainment" on their movie rental page !! http://www.apple.com/itunes/store/movies.htmlSue them?
5	This is my favorite movie rental place of all time.  I moved away to Chicago, but I miss this place.  Great selection, not impressive when you first walk in, but man you end up wanting to rent and watch a lot.  They always had good music playing in it too.  The other location was pretty cool too, but I always prefered the Champaign location, just for selection.
5	So I caved and am jumping on the That's-Rentertainment-Is-Awesome bandwagon.  Seeing as renting movies from the dorms/library is free, I thought actually paying to rent a movie was lame, but when I had the sudden urge to watch My Neighbor Totoro and was unable to find it within the limited selections of the university, I trekked over to try my luck at That's Rentertainment.  Lo and behold, Totoro!!  Not only that, they have Hiyao Myazaki's other films like Spirited Away, Princess Mononoke, and Castle in the Sky!!  Just perusing through their shelves, I saw about a dozen other movies I wanted to watch as well (just in time for finals, w00t).
5	this is the best video store i've ever been to, and i've been to a lot, all over the country. their foreign film selection is unsurpassed.
5	I have to echo all the praise for Rentertainment that other have given it. It is one of the best rental places ever and I have never been anywhere that had a better selection. I miss it so much now that I have left Champaign.
5	Best place to rent movies EVER.I loved walking in without a clue of what I want and coming out with something great and 3 ideas of what to rent next time. I miss you, Rentertainment!Best part - the $1 tv show rentals. And the only place I know of in Chambana where you can find Doctor Who.Every movie rental place should take a clue from this place.
5	Yeah!  Rock on rentertainment.  It's the only home-video option in C-U for the non-brain dead crowd.  Documentaries, foreign and indie films, anime - lots of great stuff.
5	This place is the greatest thing since sliced bread.They have 'blocks' you can purchase, which is a concept way ahead of its time.  For instance, for $30, you're prepaid for 15 rentals.  That's right--a lower cost per rental (usually $2.50), more efficient, AND you get to keep the new releases out for 3 days instead of 1.  I am smitten.
5	The most extensive selection of movies I've ever seen at a rental place.  I bought one of the rental blocks (100 movies for $100) and it's the best deal ever!  You can rent anything (new releases, BluRays, etc) for $1, and you even get to keep them a little longer than normal.  The staff is always friendly and helpful - one of the managers always suggests movies for me to check out.  And the BluRay section is fantastic!
4	Great selection of movies.  I wish I had known about the renter's block, it is a great deal, but I didn't find out about it until i was too close to graduation.  The place has every type of movie you can imagine, and their prices are at least half of Blockbuster. The one reason it didn't get five stars is for the people who work there.  They are sometimes friendly, sometimes rude, and always very slow.  They hire a bunch of artsy campus kids who are more interested in movies than customer service.
5	I am a movie buff and this place has it all. I love this place ten fold. The place has the total package: The Staff is very knowledgeable, which is something you do not get at blockbuster or Hollywood, where arguably they do not know movies. Rentertainment does and they are there to help. Many staff members take film classes at the U of I and so are able to answer a wide range of questions about movies. The selection is huge. The store must have tens of thousands of titles in the tiny space the store occupies. Here is a case where looks are deceiving. If you think that by walking by the store that you will not have a selection to chose from. Ha! Your impression will change. If you are like me, my eyes lit up like a kid in a candy shop. I was amazed how much can fit in the store. It is impressive. The staff are casual and nice. At blockbuster or Hollywood, I find that their service sucks. At Rentertainment you get caring people. They will go above and beyond to get you the movie you want, even if it means potentially having it ordered. The rentals are very reasonably priced. They offer packages and these packages offer killer savings. I could go on and on about how great this place is, there are no drawbacks, it just sucks that I am back in Chicago where ironically I can not find a store that even measures up to Rentertainment.
5	This is the kind of place where you can browse their selection of Australian sitcoms in PAL format.  They have a section for that.  The unusual "rental block" system means you can pay in advance at a discount.  When it's time to check out just show them your ID and there is no need for money or charge slips.
5	The best video store in the world.  Wish they still had their VHS collection but there is really never been or will be a better place to go and be overwhelmed at what to rent or not to rent, they have a lot of crap too, no snobbery.  Puts Facets to shame.
5	They seem to have everything. Obscure films, B films, foreign films, nearly every weird movie I've found out on the internet, they have it. (One time there was some anime I wanted to see but they didn't have, but they explained that all the copies out there were pirated, and they'd be happy to add it to their collection if I could find a legitimate source for them.)Secondly... its pretty cheap if you buy a renters block.I kind of wish there was a way to return videos without wading into campus, though.
5	Best place to get movies in Champaign, hands down. It's kind of like a physical version of Netflix. They have got everything.
5	This place is by far, one of the best rental places i have ever seen in the world. The selection is magnificent and the community aspect is highly unique among video stores. You can tell that the owners of this place are film connoisseurs; the selection, especially of international films and TV shows is phenomenal!I don't think their block structure really works for me, but I've never had a problem with their normal rentals.My only qualm is with their rental prices; in an age of streaming / dirt cheap rentals from Family Video, That's Rentertainment's price of $2-3 / rental seems expensive.
5	One of the best local rental places in the area i've been too. Naturally, I don't usually go out to places to rent movies (ie. usually netflix or redbox) but when the rare chance occurs this is the place I go to.  They have a great selection over almost every genre and have many movies in stock as well.  I've rented tons of indie films and documentaries, as well as foreign films from this place and never have let me down.  The staff is always friendly and chill, and always willing to help you discover a new movie. Also, a very convenient location on campus.  The place kinda reminds me of 'Clerks' and I would also love to work here, let alone just rent videos.  check this place out.
2	Two Yelp stars is expressed as "Meh. I've experienced better." This is perfectly applied to That's Rentertainment for the following reason: it's a place where people drive their cars to in order to pay money to rent a disc which they then have to watch and return to the location before a certain time or be subject to a fine. True, this is the case with all video rental stores, and comparatively That's Rentertainment is the best around. But that's like saying that Circuit City is the best place to get replacement ink for your fax machine. It's old technology and it needs to die. The internet (whether used legally or illegally) is far and away the most practical and logical place from which to get your movies. If you want to travel into the past, go to the Early American Museum in Mahomet.
4	It's like a portal into a chasm of anime, classics, world, documentary and varied films and cartoons. For Champaign, these guys really have an outstanding collection of rare films.What prevents me from giving it 5 starts is their stupid rule that you must have a special card and meet special requirements to rent a film from them, including being over 18 (for *ANY* film)
4	Rentertainment (officially, That's Rentertainment) is the poster-child for awesome, locally-owned businesses operated by people who care deeply about the industry they work in. IN SHORTBest selection in town at a great price, but it's on campus, it's dark, it's cramped, and it's kind of artsy-fartsy.MORE PROSThis store has the largest collection of TV-on-DVD (my favorite section!) I've ever seen.  It also has a huge collection of anime, foreign films (some in PAL), comedies, dramas, classics, concert videos, family films, animation, and art films. They also have a large Blu-ray section. They are also the best value in town. The have specials almost every day, and new releases are only $2.50. If you plan on renting on a regular basis I highly suggest buying a rental block. The come in three sizes but if you get the largest block, 100 rentals, each rental (regardless of what it is) is only $1. Other advantages of the rental block is your return time is 9pm, not 6pm; you can renew your rental over-the-phone; and if you're late they can take a rental off your block rather than ask for cash. MORE CONSIf you're accustomed to Blockbuster-like video stores, you'll find Rentertainment cramped. It's a small space with DVDs stacked floor to ceiling on every wall. New releases and specials are easy to find in the front of the store. However, the bulk of the collection are in tall, narrow aisles. A large man or woman my feel uncomfortable in this section. Also, while they do have the latest popcorn-movie hits, if you really, really, really want to see that (insert currently popular celebrity) movie that came out today, you'll have better luck finding it at a Blockbuster-like store.It's also located on campus, this may be a plus for students, but it's a big con for us townies. Campus is full of students walking into traffic, beer and food trucks blocking lanes, one-way streets, long red lights, distracted drivers, expensive and limited parking, and parking enforcement officers who have had their hearts surgically removed and replaced with a black rock. Minimize this hassle by going when classes are in session or when the campus is closed (like spring and winter breaks); and bring quarters for the meters. Warning: the red meters are super-expensive and limited to 30 minutes!There is no delivery option, and of course no instant-streaming option. The web site doesn't show info about a movie, merely that they have it or they don't. It also doesn't offer any social media options like personal profile pages, peer-reviews, or a "que" of movies I want to rent. BOTTOM LINEWhile it may be a bit inconvenient, it still has titles not available anywhere else, and it's very, very affordable.
5	What can I say, That's Rentertainment is a place that is small, yet it seems to have every movie that I ask for. The employees are knowledgeable about films and they seem to be in a good mood every time. It's simple to rent there and they always meet my needs.
5	With 35,000+ DVDs, they have the best movie selection in town. If you are looking for something, they probably have it; and if it hasn't been released in region 1, they have a section of PAL DVDs you can probably find it in. Rentals can be as cheap as a dollar if you buy a block (pre-pay for 15, 40, or 100 rentals).
5	Chambanites,You are lucky to have such a wonderful video rental store in-town. Rentertainment has a large and good selection of movies to choose from. Anything from Anime to classic British mystery shows to jazz concerts on video, it seems to almost always have what I want. The only criticism/caution I have is that it is difficult to get ahold of the new releases. If you are desperate for the newest blockbuster, there is always Redbox.My advice is to SIGN UP FOR A BLOCK and be bold. If you are a grad student at U of I, get a 100-block because you will be here awhile and you will need something to keep you from burning out. Also, be aware that certain movie genres have a reduced price on certain day of the week.Did I forget to say that it is a local business and they have bike accessories?
4	This place is AWESOME if you love bad b-rated horror movies, they have a whole section devoted to them, not to mention they have a great selection of Hitchcock, which is another plus. I have never NOT been able to find a movie I'm looking for, but the time you can rent the movie for is super short and their late fees are kinda high. Totally worth it for the awesome selection though.
5	if you rent movies from anywhere else, you suck. and don't start bitching about how you don't even live in champaign-urbana, that excuse doesn't work around here. we know you have a car, you lazy bastard.
5	The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable!
5	Champaign-Urbana is lucky to have this place. It has an impressive variety of movies...everything from new releases to Bollywood to television series. Prices are reasonable and certain genres are discounted on certain days. I hope this place sticks around for a long time!
5	I bought a block my freshman year. $100 dollars for 100 movie rentals. Best decision ever.  And you will go through the entire thing in 4 years. I don't know of a better deal anywhere in terms of the cost per rental. Netflix for example costs like 10 bucks a month for unlimited rentals, but you can only have one DVD out at a time.  It would be hard to rent 10 DVDs in a month given how long it takes to mail stuff.  Rentertainment is the best deal bar none.
5	The best video store ever! They have nearly everything and the employees are extremely knowledgeable and personable! I recommend buying a block. That makes the price lower and you can keep the movie longer. They even gave me a free rental on my birthday! They have about any obscure movie you would ever want to find and if they don't have it, they will usually get the movie. The only con is that new release mainstream movies are hard to rent the first week they are out.
5	Great selection of titles, affordable pre-pay rental blocks, convenient location if you are a U of I student or work on campus. I'm so glad this place is here!
5	This place is THE BEST for rentals. Usually great availability on new stuff (abused the Blu-Ray selection, they always had the new hottness), and they have a TON of older movies too. Great for class projects. I don't recall exact prices, but they were always super cheap.
5	We are so lucky to have a place like this in town. You actually get a better selection of hard-to-find and foreign films than you would at any online subscription service. Their movie blocks are a great deal and make stopping in for a movie very convenient.The people who work there are always nice. I've only gotten a scratched DVD a couple of times, and both times they've given me a coupon for a free rental to make up for it. They also don't even hassle you if have to use a credit card for a $2.50 purchase. I've even witnessed the owner giving a guy a free rental on his birthday! Very nice local business.
5	If I were held at gunpoint tomorrow and forced to choose only one thing I miss about my hometown, I would definitely live to tell the tale. That's Rentertainment is the obvious answer.Where else can you bump into your high school math teacher while combing the LGBT section for My Beautiful Laundrette? Where else can you methodically work your way through practically every detective show ever shown on Mystery during the 90s? Where else could you simultaneously rent 500 Days of Summer, the third disc of the fourth series of MI5, and that obscure Korean movie your friend's been pestering you to watch?The very first time I went to That's Rentertainment was the same day I watched Colin Firth in Pride & Prejudice for the first time. My mom and I rented the whole 6-VHS (I know!) set, and when it came time to pop in the third installment, we realized that we had a second copy of volume two instead. The shock! The horror! We ran to the car and hightailed it over to That's Rentertainment. Not only did they have the third tape ready and waiting for us, they commiserated with us over our terrible case of Darcy-interruptus. We went home, and binged on the rest of the show until around 1 AM.Although the VHS tapes are (mercifully) gone, That's Rentertainment continues to be the best place in town (and, I can say with certainty, anywhere) to get your home entertainment fix. I love it so much there that I even make a habit of getting 25 cent gumballs from the dispenser by the door and enjoying their stale je ne sais quoi all the way home, with a grin plastered on my face, despite my aching jaw, and two or three DVDs warming the passenger seat.
5	My go-to place for documentaries, kung fu films, obscure 80s cartoons and everything else hard to find that you don't want to watch in stuttering grainy footage on youtube. If you like foreign films there is no other place, period.
5	Favorite video store of all time. I wish there was one of these in NYC so I could still go, but alas, That's Rentertainment is a one of a kind. It was an incredibly useful resource when I was taking film studies classes and needing to find blaxploitation movies in order to write a research paper. Their selection in just about every genre is incredible. They have no shortage of American indies, Japanese samurai movies, LGBT films, TV show seasons ... Pretty much anything you want, you can find it there, and you'll probably leave with a couple items you didn't expect to rent.
5	Hands down the best video store around! One of very few independent video stores that will not be destroyed by the internet. Great selection of indie, hard to find and foreign films in addition to new releases. Staff is super cool and helpful.Convenient location and has just enough grunge to make me feel like I am back in the bay area!Get a block of 100 movies for $100!
2	I appreciate your collection. But its too expensive.
5	I love this place! Definitely recommending getting a block. The staff are kind and helpful
5	$2 rentals. Daily genre specials.Open til 10pm most days.Friendly staff. They don't act like they are trying to make sales goals, so whenever you ask questions or look for suggestions they are trying to find you something to enjoy, not sell you something. If you have a ten minute conversation with the clerk, they can recommend at least a few titles you haven't seen and would probably enjoy.Their selection is amazing. They even carry blu-ray titles!The newer movies are a bit pricier, but i never rent those anyway. Huge Anime Selection that is reduced price on Sundays, and the Foreign section is to die for.These people are serious movie nerd and know what they are doingBONUS!: That's Rentertainment has a "itty bitty bike shop" in the corner where you can pick up reflectors, lube, blinkers, etc for your bike! So head on down and grab some woori jib to go and a flick and it's a perfect date night (alone, with friends, or with someone special!)
