4	My parents stayed here during a recent visit. Really, for the price, this is an excellent place to stay. The outside and the common areas look a little old (and the elevators smell a bit funky -- but it's the hydraulics, not bad stuff), but the rooms themselves are nice. The room my folks stayed in was $73 a night, and it had a separate "living room" area as well as a balcony, mini-fridge, and microwave. They also said the bed was comfortable, and we enjoyed being able to chat with them out on the balcony as well as in the "living room" on the couch. Apparently the breakfast was also very good, and even had hot foods, like sausage. That's not something you get everywhere, so definitely a plus there!Whenever friends and relatives come to visit, I will definitely recommend this place. Affordable and not skeezy, plus yummy breakfast!
4	Hotel definitely needs a face lift. But for the price... It's a quiet and comfortable place to stay. I was a little disappointed how freezing cold the pool was. My 3 yr old had blue lips and was shivering after 10 min in the pool. We had a good nights rest and the breakfast was yum (eggs, sausage, waffles,etc).... Lots to choose from. I also liked that they had a little store stocked with snacks and inexpensive beer and wine to choose from (very innovative to offer)! I also liked the fact where the hotel was located. Very convenient to shops and a few miles from the capital. If we return to Madison I would stay here again.
3	A bit of a run down, yet still clean, hotel. Front desk service was friendly. Room was on the small size. I requested two beds but was told they were out. Our room came with a sleeper sofa so that was fine for the kids. The entry smelled of chlorine from the nearby pool, and the floor was very wet from patrons who apparently didn't feel the need to dry off before going to their rooms. It would have been nice if the staff had mopped it up. Breakfast was good, with several hot options (waffles, eggs, sausage and potatoes). It was very crowded and the poor man running the breakfast could have used some help, but he was very quick to address and needs. The wifi was strong and easy to connect to. Lots of shops and restaurants nearby.  Overall, it was just a so-so hotel. It could use some updating for sure.  Not worth the 2.5 stars Priceline gave it, but it was safe and clean and had a good breakfast.
4	Clean and quiet room --  no traffic or jet noise.    There is a walkway directly from the Texas roadhouse, makes me feel little home!.I find these arrangements to be much quieter and typical of a higher end room.   The room also has a small microwave and refers.  The nice lobby has a restaurant/breakfast area, and a somewhat separated lounge area.The updated and modern furnishings are always a great touch.  The beds are soft, and the staff is always ready to bring you extra pillows, should you need them.  The free breakfast is great and saves me a couple bucks, from spending it elsewhere on grub.  The best part is that is completely non-smoking, so there are no smoke odors in the rooms.  With a complimentary shuttle, to the surrounding areas, you can't go wrong. I wanted to pay but it was WELL WORTH. I have no problem paying the rate again. The staff was awesome and more than welcoming. The bed, after an hour of drinking, was INCREDIBLE! Do not hesitate to stop here whether you're travelling or just need a weekend convenience! Thank u
3	A few more family members have stayed here now, and the main thing that brought this hotel down a star in my opinion is just how old/run-down it is. It's still an excellent place to stay; the rooms are just definitely starting to show their age.
1	I have stayed here in the past and am a frequent traveler in the area for business. Due to the winter weather warning and storm going on currently I am not able to get from Milwaukee to Madison to make my reservation. Hotel would not make any exceptions due to weather to get me a refund, or even a partial refund. You think they would have some sort of sympathy considering the circumstances. I believe that the safety of their customers and securing future business would be more important than a one night stay tonight. Really disappointed.
1	I have stayed here before without any issues. This last stay of 6 nights was a different story. The first night we had loud and rude neighbors. The sixth night and seventh day our room smelled like pot. The cleaning people did a crappy job and the hallway looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in quite a while. I will not be staying here again.
1	No one cleaned our room. And it reeks like cigerate smoke. Will NEVER stay here again!!!
1	The hotel was a little run down around the edges but I wouldn't complain about that - the price was competitive.  However, my husband woke up with some kind of bug bites.  We told the desk guy about it and all he said "we don't have insects."   This lack of interest in confirming or clearing up a serious problem was disconcerting.  We won't be staying there again.
3	I've stayed at worse and better.  The room was fine.  The "free" breakfast was okay.  They had free internet in the lobby.  In a pinch I'd stay there again.
4	Room was clean, employees friendly, bed comfy, and room was up to date.  They had a pool, hot tub, and even a little make-shift gym.  I left early so I was unable to try the breakfast.  The hotel is located right next to a bunch of shopping strips and restaurants, so it's a great location.  They sell beer and food at the hotel.  The beer is a very fair price, the food pricing is outrageously high.
5	The staff at this location is fantastic. When there was a mixup at the national level, the second shift manager (Sarena) made it right. She went above and beyond what was required. They have better customer service than most "luxury" hotels I've stayed at over the years.Does the building need updating? Sure. Does the free breakfast feature Lobster Benedict? No man, you're staying at a Best Western in Wisconsin.And the wifi is free. The W Hotel in Beverly Hills doesn't even have free wifi.They've got a customer for life.
5	Despite the lower star rating and cheaper price, I actually preferred this Best Western over Madison's Radisson that I stayed at the next night! Best Western didn't have the looks, but pretty much won in every other department: clean, friendly staff, standard room has a living room area, microwave, very large flat screen TV, better shower head, better breakfast. It didn't have the sleep number bed, but it was broken at Radisson anyway, and the remote was all sticky. Highly recommend this Best Western!
5	Have been here now for three days. Very good breakfast that is included. Very friendly staff. Great location with easy access. Big rooms and comfortable beds. One of the best three star motels I have been in
