5	Dr. Perno and his staff are the best I have ever experienced. I went in to take care of 6  teeth that all had multiple cavities. He was extremely gentle, and I never even felt the needle go into my gums, let alone anything else. Not only did he do satisfactory work without causing me any pain, he also gave me tips and hints as to how to better care for myself. I felt that he truly cared about me as a patient, and left feeling like I had known him my whole life, even though this was my first time visiting. I would recommend him to strangers and family members alike, and will continue to use his services for as long as I can afford it!! Thank you !
5	I don't think ANYONE likes going to the dentist.  That said, the staff here makes it as painless & enjoyable as possible.  I had my 2nd cleaning yesterday and they do a fantastic job.  I would recommend this dentist to anyone in the area!
5	I'm one of thee most pickest dental patients ever. Seriously. I interview my dentists before I ever sit in the chair. Then once they get me in the chair for a check-up I review them again and interview them right there. After visiting SEVEN different dental offices in the Phoenix metro area I was referred by a friend to go here. I immediately knew this was the place to go. Long story short - I had a "jacked up grill" for awhile. Previous dentists told me "look you need to fix over 15 of your teeth fixed, some pulled, some bridges and some root canals, etc etc". They looked at me like a a gold mine they just struck. I knew that coming in. When I met Dr. Perno and his staff he said I definitely needed a lot of work, but only 3 or 4 major areas were of concern. He wanted to get those fixed and then when I felt comfortable and able to cover the expenses of the other work then I would come back. I started visiting Dr. Perno in 2003 and I have had over 10-15K in dental work done at  Comfort Care Dental. When I couldnt pay for it (years previous - aka: college years) they were able to get me on a payment plan and get me fixed up. I visited there again to fix a faulty root canal that another endodontist had done years prior and he fixed me right up. Best part about this office? NO PAIN. Seriously. If you feel pain, he'll make sure you're numbed up and not feeling a thing. Some dentists get skimpy on the novacaine because its expensive (or so I've heard). Perno goes the extra mile to make sure you're numb and not feeling a thing. Plus he's a all around nice guy. The rest of the staff, including Sara and Britney (excuse me if I misspelled your names) are awesome as well. I recently moved to the north valley and I dont care if I have to drive in rush hour for 2 hours to get to this dentist, he's the only one I'll use. This is the only dentist office I'll go to, I don't care if the pope recommends a better one. Perno and the crew know how to handle business when they're working with teeth. Hands down best dentist I've ever been too, and trust me, I've been to at least 30. No joke.
5	Very friendly & knowledgeable plus saved us the expense of $$$ dental work. His opinion was different from what we heard earlier thus saving us $$! Can u believe that at a dentist?!
5	Very nice experience here the other day. Everybody on the staff from the front desk to the dentist - Dr. Perno - himself made for a pleasant couple of hours. I went in for a cleaning and x-rays using a $99 coupon that found in some magazine. The x-rays were smooth and then Perno was nice and friendly and then janice gave me a great cleaning. I wasn't sold any any other services and everything went smooth. Located in the middle of a strip mall, its a bit hard to find, but worth it once you get there.
5	Dr. Perno ROCKS! The staff is super friendly, the prices are fair and they are very upfront about costs for services. I have been coming to see Dr. P since 2010 when i moved to AZ. A couple months back he fixed a very old silver filling that was done when i was a child. It ended up needing a root canal (which i figured it would.) I have had a root canal before and it was very painful, but here at Comfort Care he was gentle, and it was painless to my surprise! I 100% recommend Comfort Care Dental and Dr. Perno!P.S. Janice is my favorite dental hygienist here, ask for her when you call and make an appointment, she is a rockstar too!
5	Just had my initial appointment today, after having not been to the dentist in FIVE years because of a horrible, nightmare-inducing visit years ago. I researched dentists for months and months before sending my husband to this place to be a "guinea pig" for me and check it out. After he had a pleasant experience (albeit, he has perfect teeth) I made my appointment and am so glad I did. Both my hygienist, Janice, and doctor were super down to earth and even though I was almost in tears when I arrived because I'm such a baby about the dentist, they had me smiling. I appreciated how much they show you what they're doing if you're interested, and educate you in the process.  As I imagined, I do need a lot of work done on this poor mouth of mine, but they were very upfront with explaining of costs, helping me prioritize which procedures to attack first, and not pushy AT ALL.  The receptionist was very informative, knowledgeable and easy to talk to as well. Overall, I am super impressed with this office and would recommend them to anyone. Now, ask me in a couple months after I've had 4 teeth ripped out and 2 root canals ;)
5	Being new to Arizona and having past, negative dental office experiences, so thankful that my husband hooked me up with Dr. Perno and his staff. They are all awesome! So helpful and friendly! Office is organized with a clean, comfortable environment. You can tell they love what they do and that Dr. Perno's staff enjoys working with him. The best care and treatment I have ever received from a dentist. In fact, Dr. Perno just personally called to see how I was feeling after yesterday's dental procedures. Never had any dentist do that. More than highly recommend!
1	I called in advance to make sure they were in network with Metlife. I was told that they were and gave them all of my insurance information. I was a new patient, and my insurance covers 1 yearly checkup with x-rays and 2 cleanings a year 100% with no copays.  After my cleaning I was informed that I had $115 charge for the cleaning. I asked why and was told that I had a PPO plan (which I knew) and that I could pick anyone I wanted but that they only got paid 80% on "their status."  In other words, they were not in network.  Two weeks later I received a bill for another $57 dollars.  So now they want $172 copay after my insurance already paid several hundred dollars. I had no unusual procedures, just a regular cleaning. The doctor was great, but clearly his administrative staff have no clue what they are doing when it comes to insurance. I could have seen many other doctors without insurance and paid the $79.99 new patient cleaning and x-rays fee, with no insurance and saved money. I have left a message for the office regarding the additional $57 which I have no intention of paying as $167 dollar copay on a several hundred dollar cleaning (after they billed my insurance) is ridiculous. I am still waiting for a return phone call. The doctor and the dental staff were great, don't get me wrong, they just need to hire some people who know who they are in network with and not just roll the dice with new patients.
