4	Okay, I'm from Chicago and we stopped here for pizza! I thought, okay, here we go!Let me tell you I was not disappointed. The sauce was wonderful and they serve these cute "garlic knots" bread to dip in sauce before they serve your meal. Have to recommend the ham & cheese sub-the bread was wonderful and crunchy and the ham was carved not processed.The waitresses were all cute/personable high school girls. Also, they have outdoor seating! (a plus, when you come from the "windy city"!)
3	For us, Mario's is our favorite delivery pizza choice. In our experience, the young girls who take your order have a hard time hearing you over the phone (it's quite loud in the restaurant); but once you get past that, you're good to go.I despise chains and cheap-o pizza (Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa John's etc) and love Mario's. It tastes very "New York" to me, but is not quite as crispy as a good NYC slice. I recommend Mario's White Pizza, it is delicious. Also recommended in the entree category: the Baked Ziti Sorentina. However - beware of their salads... their Greek salad is a joke for $8.99. It should be more like $5.99 for the size and ingredients.I definitely think that Mario's a bit overpriced no matter what you get... c'mon $35.00 for two (simple) pizzas? (one medium, one large). It's a bit much. I don't believe we have ever had any issues with delivery. In our experience it always arrives quickly and is usually still piping hot. We happily pay the $1 or $2 delivery fee - even though we live within walking distance of the "other Mario's" in Matthews, in Matthews Festival. I guess the fact is, in the Charlotte area, we are deprived of really great pizza, especially those places that deliver, so Mario's fits the bill quite nicely. It's not perfect, but it will do for now.~
4	The pizza here isn't really NY style or Chicago style, its just pizza, but it's delicious.  I went here for dinner and some drinks with my best friend.  I was overwhelmed by how scrumptious the cheese pizza was; it was loaded with cheese and tangy sauce and it wasn't greasy like most of the restaurants that serve pizza around here.  The bar is smoke free and even though I do smoke, I thought this was a refreshing change.  The owner Mr. Fechellio came out to check on us during our meal, and shot a few jokes our way.  It is a family place, and Fecellio's family all have jobs here.  Great Italian dining experience overall.
4	Great place for lunch. I usually get the 2 slice pizza special that comes with a drink for under $6, and then add an order of garlic knots (which are irresistible). Pizza is always good, and it's a great local family owned business.
5	I've been to a lot of pizza places in CLT and still find Marios's the tastiest NY style pizza. Their entrees are also good.
3	Solid place, good quality food with a typical Italian menu.  Gotta say the Garlic Knots are addicting. The pizza is good. The sauce is not spicy or lumpy just good solid pizza sauce.  I've had a couple different things here and they all have been good.A solid local restaurant.
4	Marios consistently serves excellent food with fast and friendly service.  To start, the garlic knots with marinara are totally addictive as another reviewer has pointed out!  If you are in the mood for something light, go with a salad and a slice.  My fav salad is the Mescalun (with candied walnuts, dried cranberry, and goat cheese with Italian dressing).  For the slice, I usually get chicken with mushrooms and black olives - but you can choose whatever you like.  The crust is just right - not too thick, not too thin. The sauce is good and the pizza is never greasy.  But, if you are in the mood for something a little "heavier", they have excellent pasta and other traditional Italian entrees.  A couple of my favs here are the Eggplant parmesan, Chicken Marsala, and Seafood Fra Diavlo.  Also excellent is the Spinach Stuffed Shells!  The entrees come with a salad and garlic knots and are large enough to have leftovers to take home, which is a nice bonus!  This is one of my fav go-to places for a great meal at a great value.
3	My oldest sister lives really close to Mario's and we used to order all the time, till we discovered Tony's has much better pizza.  But on Friday I found myself too lazy to drive and pick up the pizza so delivery from Mario's it was!I had pizza the day before so I ordered pizza for my nephews, a stromboli for my dad, who definitely does not need to be eating that and the chicken marsala for me.  It comes with a salad and over spaghetti and a side of garlic knots, its really too much food.Delivery was much quicker then they estimated.  As I remembered the pizza didn't look good, its just too saucy and not a good sauce either.  But a 3 and 6 y/o could care less and they devoured it.  My dad complained that they didn't make a stromboli properly and he would never get that from there again.  I knew what to expect with mine, its not an extraordinary chicken marsala, but it hits the spot when you have a craving plus it was enough to provide me with leftovers for lunch the next day.Overall, I would probably not rush back to order Mario's again.  I prefer Tony's pizza and when I want other Italian dishes I have a few other favorites around Charlotte.
4	Family owned & operated (big fan of supporting these!), Mario's offers choices.  The menu includes pizzas (stuffed & deep dish too), sausage rolls, pastas galore, salads, burgers, subs, etc....and a plethora of what looked like really good desserts.  Casual place to take kids, especially when you want to watch a game.  They have HDTV'S.  We ordered a couple slices of cheese pizza (very good flavor) and a couple of subs (a turkey & an Italian-#3) per their recommendation.  Hard to beat these when you can order it your way.  The only complaint...the provolone was left off of one.   Dine indoors/outdoors, pick up, order on line, have it delivered, or catered.Adults looking for something a little more upscale???  Visit John's Place next door.  They serve Mario's anytime the bar is open!
3	Went here for lunch and got the eggplant parm meal - for $8 it was a lot of food and quick, so that's a + for sure. The garlic knots served were overly chewy, and the marinara served with it was ok but nothing spectacular. The salad was crisp but the ceasar dressing lacked a distinct taste. The eggplant dish was where they really lost points - the eggplant was cut so thin it was more like eating fried breadcrumbs. I'll try these guys again since it was quick, ample portions and priced well but I would suggest they work on their sauce and prep more!
4	Very good NY style pizza. They have plenty more on the menu, but we usually stick to pizza and salad. I've eaten here many times and it is consistently good. The garlic knots are now free as an appetizer and they are a family favorite.
4	This is the pizza place I go to the most if I want to sit down and have pizza, rather than ordering carry-out/delivery. If Luigi's (go ahead and make Nintendo jokes) was closer to me, I'd prefer to go there.The pizza here is fine and it's got that ol' pizzeria taste to it. Nothin too fancy. I don't care for their particular sausage on mine and can't really figure out what it is that I don't like about it. The deep-dish is really good but too expensive...particulary for 1 slice. You would expect a monstrous slice for $6 ($30 for a whole pie!) but it's disappointing for the price you pay.Coming after 5:00 pm is the real treat because you get complimentary garlic knots.They also seem to employ a small army of cute waitresses (they must get really busy later on with the number of them) and sometimes the service will lag. We usually go before 6:00 pm and you would expect top-notch service most of the time, but usually this gaggle of girls will be too busy chit-chatting with each other and a drink refill can be a rarity at times.Your pal,Walter
5	This is our favorite family resturant. Food is great, service is always perfect and the atmosphere allows us to bring our children on a regular basis. Thanks John for making this our neighborhood restaurant.
4	Garlic knots greet you after you've found your seat at this quaint pizza joint.  They've got a decent beer selection, but would love to see them add a few Italian brews on tap.  Meatballs (we ordered as an app for my son) are also good, and would be fantastic on a freshly baked submarine sandwich bun.Great teasers for the 'Za.  Fresh dough, fresh toppings, and the sauce is a hint on the sweet side, which isn't my cup of tea, but it's still delish.  I would love to see them figure out how to crisp up my pepperoni, but they're not stingy with the toppings so I'm not complaining.My one complaint however is an important one - it's expensive!  This place is easily as expensive as Hawthornes, if not more so.  Side of meatballs, large pizza with 'roni and fungus = $26?  Yikes!  That was just for take out too, forget about adding on two $5 beers... If they knocked down the price tag by about 15%?  not only would their yelp rating improve, but they'd have loyal brand advocates all over south Charlotte.
3	We live nearby and have eaten there several times. Pizza is average, other dishes are good. Fast service, family atmosphere. A bit pricey compared to what is available in the area.
3	Hey Mario, this ain't Manhattan. It's Matthews NC. Cut us some slack on your prices. Last nights dinner was a large pizza with 1/2 sausage (can you slice the sausage any thinner?), 1 children's spaghetti and 4 sodas. $35 BEFORE tip! WTH? The food was good but geesh not $35 good.Your pizza is good but it's not consistent. Last nights pizza was good. I would suggest asking for the pizza to be prepared well done on the bottom.Your hoagies (not Subs) are good. But for the love of GOD please train your staff NOT to put Mayo on an Italian hoagie. If you were in NEPA you would be stoned in the town square for putting Mayo on an Italian hoagie.Your entrees are OK. The side salads are very weak. The garlic knots are good and your service is fine. We would frequent more often if you weren't so pricey.
5	Small slice and good ny style but this is the best place to order pizza with toppings the perfect slice but expensive.
1	Went to get takeout last night, we live very close so was shocked to find food cold, not lukewarm but COLD and garlic knots were old stale and hard, salad was hardly worth it, not happy at all, for something that a business like this should be able to do very easy, they failed.We have eaten there a few times, I can honestly say, NEVER AGAIN!
5	We have relocated to Charlotte / Matthews from Metro Detroit and one of the things we miss is a Bismarck Pizza from Supino's Pizza at Eastern Market in Detroit.  Tonight we found the pizzeria that could make us one.  Absolutely delicious and even better crust than Supino's.  Dave the manager even said whn they move locations they are considering putting the Bismarck Pizza on the menu.Absolutely our favorite pizza at our new favorite pizza place.5 Stars no doubt.
5	Absolutely the best pizza in the Charlotte Matthews area.  I have been looking for a place to make a Bismarck Pizza and the wonderful manager, Dave, seemed rather excited that we wanted one. It has prsciuto, mozarella, sauce and eggs on it.  Yes it is odd, but has become one of my families favorites from back in Detroit. The crust has great texture and flavor, exceptional sauce.  The Garlic Knots are absolutely delicious as is the fried ravioli appetizer.  Very reasonable prices for such a high quality special request pie!
2	Wow is the pizza expensive!  When it is almost $20 for a pizza that would be called a "medium" at most places, I just can't given them a good review. It is not like it is best pizza either, it is average at best.  Not sure how they stay in business with the crazy prices they charge.
4	It's no frills but I like the food, the people are nice and it's right near where I live.  Plus, how can you go wrong with Pizza and Beer?
5	This review is a long time coming.  We've eaten there several times, but it's the takeout pizza that keeps us coming back!  Food is consistently hot and great!  yes, it's more expensive.  If you want cheap, there's those chain pizza places.  If you want a pizza that tastes like it was made with real ingredients and fresh, you can't go wrong here.  When the kids are away and wife and I want pizza, we get takeout margarita pizza and it's probably the best in town.
4	I have lived in the neighborhood across the street from Mario's for 8 years now, but just now getting around to writing a review.  If you asked me 5 years ago about this place, I would have rated it 2 or 3 stars.  However, I'm pretty sure they tweaked the recipe to their pizza, and it's now my favorite pizza in Charlotte.  Overall, I think the prices are fair, but I do think $1.75 per topping is a little steep.  If you eat there, the complementary garlic knots make up for it a little.  I would say 80% of the time, the garlic knots are cooked to perfection (warm and doughy), but the other 20% of the time, they have been luke warm and a little stale.  They will swap them out for fresh knots if you ask nicely, however.  Not sure if anyone has seen that Family Guy episode where they poke fun of "Every Pizza Place" and how they ruin a salad, but Mario's is slightly guilty of this.  The salad being put in a lasagna tray on top of a hot pizza box is not uncommon.  I don't eat at Mario's for the salads, so no big deal for me.  My main recommendation would be to change around the draft beer selection every once in awhile.  They've had the same draft beer for as long as I can remember.  The only thing they seem to rotate is the Sam Adams seasonal.  They keep the beer on the "John's Place" side, which is a bar owned by the same guy who own's Mario's.  The cool thing is there is a small hallway connecting the two establishments, so you can always decide to go sit in a more adult friendly area (no kids allowed in John's Place).One final kudos ... fantastic fried pickles and above average chicken wings.
3	Met my wife out for lunch last week here. It was about 1:30ish and there were only a few people in the place so we were seated right away. I went with one of the lunch specials, 2 slices & a drink for $6. Not a bad deal. The slices were good size and filled me up. My wife ordered directly off the menu. She had a salad with grilled chicken. She loved the chicken, but her salad & a drink was close to $12. A little pricey for lunch. I'd go back for the lunch special again.
5	When my wife and I moved to Mathews, we worried that we would never be able to replace our favorite Italian family restaurant back home. That's was until we ate at Mario's. Mario's has a great family atmosphere and the food is amazing. The Lasagna is so good that I sometimes order it in addition to the pizza, which is the best in town! If you're looking for a great family Italian restaurant, Mario's is a must! Friendly staff, good TV's, and the best Italian food around.
2	Let me preface by saying I've worked in many kitchens and I'm from NY.  The first time I went to Mario's it was dismal. The alfredo sauce was broken. The shrimp Parmesan was literally boiled shrimp with seasoned canned tomato sauce and mozzarella. I'm not sure why it's wasn't breaded, but it made me sad.    I did go back though to taste their "New York Style" pizza. Let me tell you it's not, and it's very over priced.    I hear good things about their garlic knots. I'm not sure if that's enough to bring me back though.
5	My family loves Mario's!  We eat there all the time, love the food and always have great service!
1	Local Pizza restaurant in Matthews, I sent my niece, daughter and little niece to eat and the staff was very rude! They had two servers and they seem discombobulated will never recommend this pizzeria to anyone in the neighborhood better off going to Jets Pizza!!!!
4	Best pizza joint I've found since moving from New England.  The only New York Style pizza I've found down here...great sauce and the slice makes that "perfect fold"!  It's a great change from the typical sweet sauce and thick fluffy dough that I usually encounter.  It will be my go to for pizza from now on.
5	We love Marios!  The pizza is in my opinion, the best in Charlotte.  Stuffed spinach shells and meatball parm is always on point.  If we dine in or have it delivered, the service and time of arrivals is so efficient and friendly.  Johns Place next door is a fun place to stop in for some drinks and an appetizer.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the bartender is always attentive.
1	We went here for lunch after hearing how good it was. We were not impressed with the food. We were capable of eating it, but it was not NY pizza at all. It wasn't as bad as Dominos or Jets but we will not be back.You know that feeling you get when you first see the pizza and you realize it is not going to taste good? That is exactly what happened. They must realize this happens so they don't have the pre-maid slices behind glass so you cant just walk out before ordering. I ordered some pepperoni slices and they just added the pepperoni to a cheese slice and heated it up. Not cool, it's not the same and you can taste the difference. This is what happens when you try new things, we'll stick with Tony's on Monroe Rd.
5	Great food and great service!  We had the garlic knots to start with the wings as an appetizer.   The hot wings were good but I especially liked the sweet chili sauce.  They were part of the special which included a large pizza.  The pizza had a crispy crust and was cooked just right.  We did not sit in the bar but it looked like a great place to catch a game.  This was our first visit and we will be back!
5	Whenever I am on the area I always stop in. Great Italian sub. Great atmosphere and super nice people.
3	Great penne alla vodka!
2	We have been going to Mario's pizza for the last several years and it has always had consistently good food and some of the best pizza in Charlotte.  My wife is from NYC so it was a requirement that we find something relatively close to her home-town pizza, and Mario's fit the bill.  Over the past year or so, it seems that Mario's has slowly been changing the pizza to the point that now, I may rank it below one of the many chains.  I can't put a finger on any one specific thing, but it has gone way down hill.  The crust seems to now be thicker and less crispy, the cheese is lower quality (though they seem to be putting more on, which means worse taste and more grease), and the sauce is not quite as good as it used to be.  I hope this changes but until then, i will be looking for a new pizza joint.
