4	Located in the Citadel Shopping Center ( home fo the Wed. Twlight Farmer's Market)  this is a very  well put together salon. My hair dresser who I will follow to the ends of the earth moved over here a few months ago.  The customer service and interactions have been nice ..I love that they call and confirm appt day before.  The set up is well done with med / spa services isolated in a "wing" and the nails and hair off to the other side.  Hair dryers are in the back so  very little noise or distraction.My hair stylist/colorist Angela  is the best and they are lucky to have her.
5	For all you curly headed  or fine haired friends Angela is the one you want to see!!  She is the best at cutting hair in flattering fashion, no matter your hair issues..believe me I have seen miracles.
5	Ok I went here becaue Deb L referred me to Angela.  I love her!  I have curly hair and it isn't easy to find someone who can do a good job with that.Angela is great at what she does.  She is great with color and cuts.  You get a great look without breaking the bank.   I highly recommend her.
1	I went because I have friends who go here every 3 weeks for basically a nail party and my bestie insisted that I come because you can't beat the price for the work. Now this place is out of the way for me but on the positive experiences from my friend I decided to travel the extra 45 minutes to join their party.  My appointment was at 4, well I sat around for an 45 minutes before I was taken back with the rest of the party that services started at 5. This has me annoyed because of NO communication from the manager to me or from the nail stylist. Which 2 out of the 3 had come to the front desk numerous times while I was sitting there. I actually was happy with the service once I was actually seen. So the bad ending was the price that was given at the end of the service was not the same price given to my friends. I was charged for an extra $10 dollars for nail art which for them is included in a $10 polish change considering I had no polish on at all I think that was ridiculous. My clue was the shocked look on the receptionist face when she heard the pricing and my friend couldn't understand the big difference in the price.  I was surprised that they did not try to fix the situation when my friends are some of their best customers. I am the type of person who will totally talk up a place if the service is amazing, but sorry now I will tell everyone I know that the place is deceptive in pricing. I will look around my area for a place on yelp that offers the same services for prices that do change from person to person.
5	Dr. John Montoya, a doctor of Chinese medicine and acupuncture, works out of Indulgent Salon on Tuesdays and Saturdays.  I used to live in Japan and I regularly had acupuncture there and also in New York City when I lived there.  Dr. John is the best acupuncturist I've ever had.  He does many modalities of Chinese medecine including cupping.  I always walk out feeling like a million bucks.  His price is extremely reasonable and better than your average licensed acupuncturist and he isn't just a licensed acupuncturist but also a full doctor of Chinese medecine.
1	I had made an appointment for a Thursday @ 5:30 pm  to get my hair cut.  The receptionist called the night before to confirm the apt and said 5 pm.  I said no it was for 5:30 pm and she said oh yes there was a 30 after the five but she had a hard time in seeing it.  I said I don't get off work until 5, but assured her I would be there between 5:15 and 5:30.  she said that would be okay with my hairdresser.  I got to the salon at exactly 5:15 pm and she said the hairdresser had left because she didn't think I was going to come in.  "What, she's gone!  I told you I would be in between 5:15 and 5:30". We went round and round about the time for a minute of two and someone said I could get a cut with someone else.  I didn't want a cut with someone else I was there on a reference for this particular hairdresser.  Who by the way said "if she shows up have her make an apt for Saturday"  I couldn't believe it and now I'm really ticked that someone dropped the ball.  No one apologized and especially the hairdresser.  She didn't even offer one either to say she was sorry there was a miscommunication somewhere.  Well that's okay you just lost a good customer that tips well.  One star is too good for the way I was treated.
5	Best haircut I've ever gotten! I love my hair color! It's perfect for spring! The prices are great! Heather Watson is THE BEST hairstylist EVER!! I am so so happy with my hair! I will be going back here to Heather for my haircuts more often as well. I am forever Heathers client!
5	Angela does a great job for color! Usually my hair gets brassy or fades after about a month but this still look great right before I am due back for touch ups! Even my husband who never noticed in past when I got my hair done notices everytime I come back from here lol
4	Only used this place for haircuts but the person who I have found to cut my hair here does a great job. They have stations so you have a lot of people to try and fine who you like. They all charge different prices so you can shop around. High quality place in a nice area with other shopping all around.
1	Worst experience I have ever had getting a facial! First off she put a cream on my face that started to burn, I advised her it was burning and she took her time taking it off. Then she was on her phone (texting) majority of the time. My appt. Was for an hour she was done less than 45 minutes and most of that time she was on her phone. She put a lotion on my face and told me I was done. I felt like I was getting punked! That's how bad it was! I would never ever recommend this place for a facial!
5	I LOVE this place! I get my nails done by Linda Ha, eyebrows by Linda (?), I've gotten my hair done by Annie, and had laser hair removal by Dee, the owner. Every experience has been amazing! It's a one-stop shop for all my beauty needs. I definitely recommend checking this place out. You won't be sorry.
