4	Itzza Pizza is the replacement for Gumby's on Madison's near west sideI had the chicago style stuffed pizza and it was good (very big!), but nothing like authentic gino's east or lou malnati's in chicago. The sauce, crust, cheese, and toppings were pretty average and what you would find at places like pizza di roma or glass nickel, at a little cheaper price.The one thing this place has that no one else does: PEPPERONI ROLLS. Gumby's had them and they were the best and these are even better!! They're soft, chewy, and come with a side of what tasted like thousand island dressing with a kick. Very awesome.I would rank this place average in every single quality: taste, presentation, location, delivery speed. But the pepperoni rolls won me over. Definitely worth a try.
5	This is definitely the best pizza place I have tried in town.  I've eaten pizza at just about everywhere there is in Madison, and this place is the best.  I ordered their deep dish pizza with three toppings and I chose chicken, spinach, and feta.  The crust is completely out of this world. It has a buttery, flaky texture and a cheesy flavor as well. not sure how they make it, but by far the best crust I've had in a pizza. DELICIOUS.
5	Chicago style deep dish pizza is the best. (I've ordered bacon & black olive & a pepperoni) tastes amazing and has the most delicious crust!Delivery came quicker than the estimated time.
5	This review is for the stuffed pizza. I got a small stuffed sausage and pepperoni expecting a very mediocre attempt at the Chicago style pie. I was wrong. The stuffed pizza was excellent. Plenty of sauce to balance the cheese and toppings within. Only complaint is the crust doesn't have much to it. Perhaps a little brush of butter or garlic could help. Also tried the pepperoni rolls (2 for $2.50) which were very good. Not a lot of filling, but very tasty. The Italian beef was the only thing I didn't enjoy. Bland meat that likely came from Walmart and saw little seasoning. Stick with the pizza and you'll enjoy it. Prices are great for stuffed/deep dish pizza as well. The location feels like your classic pizza dive as well (take out or delivery only) with the alluring smell.
3	Very solid effort, rich decadent pizza.  Pizza doesn't really look like beautiful pictures on Facebook - crust is thinner and toppings do not fill up to the top as pictures of the garlic crust pan pizza seem to suggest.  I also expect pizza to be salty BUT DAMN this was SALTY.
5	I've recently tried both the thin crust and stuffed deep dish and they are both delish. The pizza sauce and cheese are top notch. The crust isn't quite there yet (a little too crunchy instead of buttery flakey) but is still good. The deep dish is very filling,  just one slice is a meal in itself. This place is a dive, no dine-in, just carryout or delivery, and looks like a dump but it smells amazeballs inside. Staff are very friendly and couteous over the phone and in-person.  This is my takeout pizza go-to.
3	We ordered both the thin crust as well as deep dish pizzas, and we didn't care for either.  The pizzas included far too much SALT and other spices, which were probably someone's way of covering up for the fact that the ingredients weren't really fresh.  I've had tons of deep dish pizza in Chicago, as well as amazing thin crust in Milwaukee.  Unfortunately, Itzza just doesn't cut it.
4	Today my hubby and I adventure ourselves to try this pizza place for the first time, I placed the order online and the promised time was 7:15pm, it was 7:23 and no sound at the door. We called and the person sounded kind of confused and busy until he decided to call the driver to check on the time and said he would be here shortly. Finally, he showed up and we were happy to see him. We ordered two pepperoni rolls, a garden salad and a customized pizza with onions, ham, pineapple and pepperoni. Once I opened the box, my mouth started to salivate, it was very pretty to look at, the first bite ahhhhhhh......a delectable surprise, it had a nice interesting"grilled" flavor, even the smell, it reminded me of "carne asada", not greasy at all and I loved the fact that the meats tasted mild, not very salty like other places. I agree the crust could be enhanced but I liked it, sometimes simple finds a  strange way to satisfy you ;)  The pepperoni rolls were too soft for my taste with nothing special on them. The salad was the basic one, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots; However, the Italian dressing I asked for was definitely homemade and that is rare to find specially in a fast food restaurant, bonus!
5	These bread sticks are absolutely the best breadsticks in the tri-state area. Guaranteed. If you don't like it, find me and I'll eat the rest.
2	Would give about 2.5 stars if I could. Had the regular pizza and breadsticks. Meh..  Not terrible, not memorable. Neither my husband or I cared for the sauce. Crust was ok. Definitely a lot of cheese if you like that. Generous with toppings. (Actually asked for mushrooms on half, got it on the whole pizza) Breadsticks were just pretty bad. Came with an odd cup of sauce on the side. I actually think it might have been a mistake? Tasted and looked like a watery thousand isle dressing? Yuck. Otherwise the topping was decent but the breadsticks were very bready. I know, breadsticks, right? But they weren't chewy in a focaccia way or melty like Olive Garden.. They were more like garlic Wonderbread?Overall, we thought we would give it a try but I wish I had spent my $16 elsewhere and we won't be back.
5	My new favorite place for Chicago/Italian-American style takeout. Found them hunting for for a good Chicago style Italian beef, for which they exceeded expectations.  Best I've found north of Chicago, and better than a lot IN Chicago.  They arent generous with the toppings, so you will want to ask for extra.  I get mine with cheese, dipped, EXTRA au ju/gravy, EXTRA giardiniera.Upon recommendations, I've also tried the deep dish pizza.  I'm normally not a fan, I prefer NY thin crust and Chicago stuffed.  I've also tried the pepperoni rolls.  My reaction to both was exactly the same:  at first, I found them ok, but at a later date, I found myself craving them.I often get the calzone.  It's not the best I've ever had, but since Deli Roma closed, I havent found a better one in the area.  I have them make mine with breadstick dough instead of the regular dough.I keep meaning to try the stuffed pizza.  I have no doubt it will be better than anywhere in Madison, but I doubt it will be as good as Giordano's.I havent had anything bad.  Everything is solidly good to exceptional.  The owners are friendly and hardworking.  I encourage you to go.
3	Very salty...This place is hard to find..I was hoping for a good pizza..Was very dissapointed
4	I happened to find a new pizza place online and had to try it.  I have my favorite pizza places but wanted to give Itzza Pizza a try.I did an order online first for pick up.  Pepperoni rolls (yummy), Calzone (Very Yummy) and the Spaghetti and Meatballs (not the best but ok).  The gentleman who greeted me inside was very nice and my observation was a clean kitchen with grateful employees!After getting my menu, I saw they offer a Taco Pizza.  After fighting with my demons, I decided to order one online for delivery along with some BBQ Tenders.  The Tenders were very good but the Taco Pizza was AMAZING!!  Cheesy and flavorful.  Sorry Pizza Hut, they got you beat!  The order came before the scheduled time and was hot and tasty!Next will be a regular pizza with my favorite toppings.Thanks for the delicious meals!!!
5	We had a deep dish pizza, breadsticks and cinnamon sticks and instantly fell in love with this place!  The breadsticks are phenomenal!  Great flavor and some awesome dipping sauce to go with em.  The pizza was excellent- prefect crust to toppings ratio.  We'll definitely be back!!
1	Itzza terrible and disgusting.I was recently visiting Madison for the first time in many years.  After a night at some bars, I wanted some food.  I had attempted to go to Ian's, but the huge line/mob was far too big for me to deal with.  I then decided  I was craving some pokey stix from Gumby's pizza.  Unfortunately, it turns out that Gumby's has gone out of business.  After some searching on google, it seems that Itzza Pizza has opened in the Gumby's location and offers up itzza sticks, which they claimed were like pokey stix, only better.  That statement couldn't have been further from the truth.  First off, they were an overpriced ripoff.  My $8.99 order came to just under $15.  There is really no way that tax and delivery came to roughly $6.  Unfortunately, I am not really sure of the price breakdown.  I decided not to question it as I was really craving something like pokey stix at ths point.  I just feel if you want to charge for delivery, have it listed on your website or menu.  What I received was inedible and disgusting.  The dough was undercooked, lacked seasoning, and was covered in far too much nasty mozzarella.  The cheese was some sort of fake, rubbery, oily, gelatinous, flavorless mess.  The only way to eat this was to pull off the cheese and drown it in ranch or marinara.  Even then it was still pretty nasty.  While I am not familiar with the local late night eats in Madison anymore, I am sure that there are many far better options than this place.
3	*Garlic Romano Deep Dish*I'll get it right out of the way, the salt killed it for me. If this pizza weren't as salty as it is I'd easily give this place 5 stars. The crust is delicious but as I sit here drinking my fourth glass of water an hour after finishing eating, I just couldn't justify ordering it again. I love salt and only got through two slices. My other half took a few bites and said it was like eating a salt lick.*Garlic Bread w/ Cheese*Very solid. Definitely worth the few bucks they charge, not overly buttery (is there such a thing?) and not burnt. Just right!I wanted to give this place 4 stars as a compromise but I'm just not certain it was a 'bad night' in terms of maybe adding too much salt to the sauce because other reviewers have pointed this out as well.
5	This place is refreshingly different.  I have had the stuffed pizza and it was perfect.  The flavors were outstanding, just the right amount of cheese, topping and sauce.  I got the little one and still gave 1/2 away to my son.  Now I have had their meatball sub, don't ask for extra cheese you don't need it, and again the flavors and freshness were things I haven't had in a while.  Try this place, the staff and delivery personnel are very friendly, deliver their product on time and hot.  The garlic romano crust is outstanding.
5	Hands down the best deep dish and thin crust Chicago style pizza I've ever had. And I was just ate at Lou Malinatis in Chicago a couple weeks ago. It was ok, but it was no Itzza Pizza! I can't wait to go get one today as soon as they open!
1	I hate to do this, really I do, but man, the Garlic Romano Deep Dish Chicago was the worst pizza of my life.  We had two pieces each and threw out the rest.  I actually went out and bought some other pizza from another west side location to rectify dinner.  Look, I bet if I were to flash back to my college days and order this beast at 2 am, I would be really, really happy.  Trying to feed a family and we need the quality to go up, significantly.  The crust was dry and falling apart, the sauce way to salty and the toppings lost.  I hate battering local places, and this is deserved based exclusively on the quality of the product.   I really really wanted to like this join, nice folks working there, easy to order, prompt service and the place is a little hard to find.  But damn, the pizza was not good.
4	I gotta give these guys 4 stars because of the speed of delivery.  I don't know why in Madison most places are 50-60min to get a pizza these guys are usually to my door in about 30 min.  Give the thin crust a try it is pretty good.
2	I'll give them another try, though.  I love Chicago pizza and had high hopes, but the deep dish here was a big let-down.  I liked the crust and the breadsticks, so next time we'll try a different pizza.  Nice staff and quick prep.
5	Perfect medicine while spending time with my father in UW Hospital. Pizza was ready as promised,  very tasty and came with an online coupon too. Hard to find location,  look behind the IHOP.
2	I should have listened!  Read the other reviews that the pizza was too salty, but I figured those people were just pizza snobs and that everything would be delicious.  Wrong!  My lips were burning there was so much salt on our deep dish pizza.  I could hardly finish one slice.  Don't waste your time here, there are plenty of tasty pizza joints in Madison.
