5	All I have to say is that I've sold my soul to the follicle Gods at Modern!  I've been struggling for the last couple of years to find my salon "home" and after my last two appointments with CJ Clark at Modern in Birkdale, I'm finally home!  I went in (scared to death) for a style-changing cut.  I started with long hair (half-way down my back) and emerged with a sassy new shoulder-length bob!  Modern often gets bad press because of their rather expensive prices but service like this is worth every penny!  The only downside to this salon is that they only accept gratuity via cash or check.  For other debit card addicts out there, you'll have to suck it up and go to an ATM before your visit.
5	David Parks is an amazing massage therapist!!!I was visiting from out of town and needed a massage.  I was staying at a hotel nearby and knew Modern Salon from when I lived in the area before.  I called up and they got me in right away.  I walked in, filled out the paperwork and in walks my massage therapist.  He brought me into the room and gave me my instructions and left.  I shed my clothes and slipped under the covers of the warmed massage table. David knocked and came in and began what I now refer to as one of the best massages I have ever had in my life.  He used hot damp towels on my back, hands and feet.  It is incredibly difficult for me to "turn my brain off" - even during a massage.  I actually fell asleep.   Ahhh, what stress?
4	Ok, so I went to my first haircut appointment since moving to Charlotte and was EXTREMELY nervous about it. I'm a freak about my hair and have always kept it long, I mean LONG - anytime a scissor gets near it I tend to hyperventilate and stress way too many times that I just want "a dusting". Well, I came here, and was very happy with the result. Samantha cut my hair, and she was so sweet, and a very talented stylist. We both agreed that I needed more cut off than what I did, and that I'd be back in a month for her to give me a nice shaping. But for now, she just cleaned up my ends and gave me a blow out. I was very happy with it! Also, one quick comment about the price - I know some people feel this salon is pricey. But for my cut and blow dry, it only cost me $26 - granted, it was just a trim, but my old salon in NY used to charge $40 for this, so I was happy here. I'll update my review once I get my next cut and dry, but in the meantime, feel great about booking an appointment here! You're in good hands. Oh, one more thing - for all you guys out there, my fiancee came here for a cut and style and Blake did his hair - he LOVES it, and it looks great!
5	One of the best salons ever. They take hair and skin very seriously. Toni T. for haircuts, Jennifer Martinez for color, Sodi for threading, and Candace, or Debbie Nelms for waxing. Must see Tiffany for a massage. This little woman has great hands!
4	I've gotten massages from Modern Salon several times, and loved them all there... until the last time, when I lost my penchant- after learning the masseuse I had used before, no longer worked there. His replacement was a woman who did nothing but make me more tensed up than when I came in! It wasn't until after I already paid for the service, gave her a tip and went home, that I started thinking in retrospect... then got mad that I actually paid for something that made me feel WORSE. It was some time ago, so I will have to call them to see if her name's on record, so I can recommend not using her. I don't think she listened to a word I said. I had the 1-hour massage, and I explained to her before hand, that I wanted her to mainly focus on my upper back & neck, because I had a lot of pain in the area from working on the computer 24/7 until finishing a job that week. I also told her I prefer harder pressure. I have never had a "massage" like that before. She did nothing but tickle me. I told her at least twice that she can use more pressure, but I guess she didn't care... then she ends up paying the LEAST amount of attention to my problem areas I asked her to focus on. I guess I was being too nice? I should have asked for someone else, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings. I haven't had a massage there since then, but I love getting my haircuts there. I've had a few different stylists, but loved each one. They were especially helpful when I had to undergo chemotherapy treatments, which made me lose all of my hair. When it finally started growing back in, it was a mess... they helped my hair to look & feel so much better and healthier. The staff are all friendly and pleasant. The spa (upstairs) is nice and separated from the more chaotic salon and registers. The spa's waiting area is comfy and quiet, and the dressing rooms/showers/sauna room is nice, and offers a nice assortment of Aveda products to test out.
5	So my history of haircare is not a simple one.  There have been many attempts by many haircare professionals to try to tame my mane and keep my 'do' in check. A lot of 'accidental crew cut' incidents and uneven 'laughed at by everyone including my Mom' moments.  Many have failed , few have been passable.  Lana from Hearst Tower Modern has been the only one with a combination of skill and patience to really understand the method to the madness that is my "chia pet"-esque head.    I have now been visiting her for over a year and she has made me look better each subsequent time.  Consistency, talent, great customer service.... hard to realistically put a price tag on that level of value (plus free neck trims between each haircut).  I can proudly say - People of Charlotte with hair that can grow out straight for 5 inches before falling flat, REJOICE.   There is an alternative to shaving it all off or applying half a bottle of 'LA Looks'!  Just because your head is lopsided does not mean you can't look sexay! One other thing, FUCK GREATCLIPS.  That is all.
5	If you work uptown, this is a great location for you!  I get my hair and eyebrows done here and have also have had several massages.  The staff is really sweet - they always remember what wine I like!  There is enough staff to fit your needs and price ranges.  They do reminder calls which I LOVE cause I make my appts months in advance.There is a central desk that triages all Modern calls so if you are running late it is kind of annoying because you cant just call the location you are going to.  But the desk will let them know right away so it has always worked out....it is just odd that it is hard to get ahold of the your specific location.  Love you Modern!  I always leave feeling pampered and fabulous!  :-D
5	I was in town for a wedding this past weekend. I forgot to pack my heavy duty equipment to style my hair, and when I say heavy duty equipment I really mean it. My hair is long, thick, and curly. So I found Modern Salon just a few blocks away from my hotel. When I first got there the lady that took care of me was very polite even after she realized that blow-drying my hair would take a lifetime. She scurried of to speak to her supervisor or maybe a more experienced stylist for suggestions on what products or brushes to use. Nikki came along and was extremely knowledgeable with my textured type of hair; she had an amazing attitude not only to satisfy the customer but also towards the not so experienced stylist, they are lucky to have her as a mentor. I don't usually write reviews but after the experience I had at that salon I think it's worth writing a review to mention the professionalism and the positive attitude of the salon. I did mention to Nikki this is probably the first time I've ever had anyone "understand" my hair. She didn't take forever to blow dry my hair because she knew what she was doing. I wish I could have taken her back home to DC, but she suggested a really good stylist in this area. :)
1	Mediocre overpriced threading. Maybe I'm spoiled by my shabby little nails/threading place in New York, but Modern-Phillips Place charged me $70+ for what would be $30-40 in NY (compare business rents). Sodi threaded my face in no particular order so I ended up with strays. It scared me to death the way she hopped between my sideburns and my brows--you can lose half a brow that way. No consultation on the shaping. MEDIOCRE brow shaping with rows of sticking out hairs along the curve. She did that way too rapidly with tweezers (so I guess she can't really do the fine work of threading a brow). The edge of a properly shaped brow should be perfectly sharp but also natural as if it grew that way. Holes should appear to be filled in magically. My brows also now sit a bit unevenly on my face. She wears a magnifier and this may give her a peephole view that is inadequate to perceive the overall shape, but it should have allowed her to create a totally smooth edge and NO STRAYS.No pre-sanitation or post-care of the skin.A mark where she caught my skin in her thread.Plus, cold rude staff.
3	A bumpy first experience with Modern, but alls well that ends well.  Although you may call a specific location, that location might not be the one that answers the phone, so from the get-go, we had a bit of scheduling confusion.  I had perused the services menu online prior to calling, and had selected the Fresh Face Facial.  As I scheduled my appointment, the receptionist mentioned that it was typically for teenagers, but given that I felt this was best for my needs, she booked it for me anyway, no questions asked.When I showed up, I was pleasantly greeted and quickly ushered back to the waiting room, where I was asked if I wanted anything to drink (from reading other Yelp reviews, apparently they have wine?).  The chairs were comfy, the lighting moodful, and there were a few magazines to read while passing the time.  Once I was called back to my room, it got awkward.  Apparently the service I'd booked was ONLY available for teenagers, although neither the website nor the receptionist indicated this restriction when I booked my appointment.  The aesthetician and I played an awkward cat and mouse game as she tried to upsell me to another facial.  Given that price was one of the factors I'd used in not only selecting my facial choice, but also one of the reasons I'd chosen Modern over another spa, I was a bit peeved.  My face is the same size as a teenager, and I'm breaking out like it's the mid-90s all over again, so I don't see why there should be a $15 upcharge (which she told me was the standard price difference between the Fresh Face Facial for teenagers and the comparable offering for adults).  Finally, she said that since I hadn't been told this during the reservation, they would honor the appointment as scheduled.  Nice outcome, but making your clients uncomfortable from the get-go is not the best customer service experience.We began the facial, and I told her I had been having some skin problems over the last few months.  Instead of generally asking me what products I use, she immediately said "do you use Aveda products?"  Here, we go - informercial central; time to sell some product.  Luckily that was the only sales push I got, but again - an impact to the customer experience.Once we got over those hurdles, it was actually a very pleasant experience.  My aesthetician was easy to talk to, and what she did felt great on my face.  Ultimately, I was pleased with the service (product-related) I received but felt there were some challenges with how the service (customer-focused) was delivered.  Not sure if or when I will return.
5	Don't let the 80s logo scare you off. I had a really great haircut here for really cheap - just $35! I made an appointment without asking about pricing because I was in desperate need of a haircut. The stylist spent a long time talking to me about what I wanted, how I style my hair, how much time I spend and what products I use. As she was cutting my hair, she gave me lots of tips on styling. In the end, I came out with one of the best haircuts I ever had.Add in the wine, excellent head massage, and makeup touch-up she gave me at the end and it was a 5-star experience.BTW it's an Aveda salon in case you are wondering.
2	I really wanted this place to be a HIT......but instead it was more of  a #FAIL. I'm sure that it was because I was booked with a NEWBIE right out of school and her first week in the Salon. So I would give this salon a second chance but book with someone with more expertise. The hair stylist was a sweet girl right out of school was I knew was trying so hard. My Trim & Partial High Lights took 3 1/2 hours though!! Additionally the highlights came out very blocky and with some leopard stripes. The color was not put all the way to the roots so I walked out with ROOTS and a $200 bill.  I told the stylist a few times the issues at hand but each time she started crying and I didn't have the heart to pursue the issue. Disappointed that I walked out with roots when I went in there to get a touch up. When I got down to the parking garage and my "validated ticket" had only been validated for 1/2 the time and I had to spend another $20 to leave the garage. The Manager heard that was I was unhappy with the new girls attempt and sent me a gift card to their salon. A very nice follow up and great recovery. So I would say, sure - check them out. They seem to have a great product line with all natural Aveda products, they have an amazing location in the Heist tower (except for the parking) and a classy salon. Just be sure to make your appointment with someone with experience.
5	I recently moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a good Aveda salon. I googled locations near my office and found Modern Salon. I was able to get an appointment the day of with a junior stylist. I saw Laura and she gave me an amazing hair cut for $36 (excluding tip). I have to admit, I was nervous to see a junior stylist but I can honestly say she gave me one of the best hair cuts I've had in a long time. I definitely recommend her!
1	$51 Pedicure should have been way better than it was. If you're short, you'll have to be uncomfortable because the seat doesn't adjust. Skip it and try somewhere else for a spa pedicure.
5	I'm hooked. I made a last minute appointment to get all over color and a partial highlight in an attempt to fix a seriously botched coloring.  I showed a picture and explained what I wanted and Laura and Val worked their magic. My hair look amazing and it came out way better than I ever expected.  Also, they did it so that I don't have to touch anything up for 7-8 weeks.  The staff is great and they are very attentive and accomodating.  It can get pricey but it is worth every penny. :)
5	This place is awesome and Gabby did a great job giving me the best haircut of my life!  Pay the extra few bucks to go here rather than get a sub par cut someplace else! Well worth it!
1	I waited a few months to review because my experience was so bad, I am hoping things have changed by now. I booked my appointment with a third level 'color specialist' to darken my hair a bit, light brown to a solid auburn. After ratting my hair in a knot and then trying to brush it out, more like ripping, and telling me "pain is beauty" numerous times, my hair turned out 2 different shades. The top half being orange and the bottom being orange red. When asked what I thought, I pointed out the two different shades and how orange my hair was. I was told he would put something else on it to even it out. Second time around, still really brassy and two shades. Third time, I said just to go dark brown because we weren't getting it right and I had been there for 3 hours already. I get my hair done every 8 to 12 weeks and have never had an experience like this. The hairdresser was so focused on his personal issues, which I heard about, that I don't think he was paying attention to what he was doing. Safe to say, I was really upset and disappointed when I left. The rest of the staff seemed really nice and the place was pretty and clean, maybe I just caught the hairdresser on a bad day??
5	I was in town for a family wedding, looking for a massage and waxing services. I cannot speak highly enough of this place. Adrienne, who gave my massage, is incredible. She is thoroughly knowledgeable about everything when it comes to massage, even sports massage. Ask for her, you won't be disappointed. The people are the front desk were also very nice. Prices are reasonable and not outrageous like you might come to expect in another salons.The place is a bit tricky to find as it is located in a building, and not on the street. Overall - can't say enough good things. Customer service is impeccable here. Would go back in a heartbeat next time i'm in town.
5	Love Modren Salon - my hair is usually cut by either Kenna or Bezash and both of them are wonderful (especially with my difficult head of hair!) - they know what works with me and always touch it off with nice product. The rest of the staff here are very courteous and treat you well. Highly recommended.
4	I never have time to make appts in advance and because if that I never seem to be able to see the same stylist twice. At most salons this would worry me but I've never gotten a bad hair cut at modern! I live in NYC and I try to make it back to Charlotte as often as possible to get my hair done here!
2	I had Modern Salon and Spa Uptown do my wedding party's hair.  Our hair and make up turned out ok but we felt that we were way over charged.  I had one bridesmaids who was in the chair less than 20 minutes and recieved a curled pony tail.  She was charged $85.00.  Nobody at the salon could understand why we were upset.   I would not reccomend having your wedding party go to Modern...
