5	A lovely little shop with a bigger selection of yarns than I expected to find. The yarns are yummy, the owner is wonderful, and believe it or not, I found everything I wanted in this little yarn store. Bring your knitting or any other handwork and listen to music every second Wednesday of the month. If you work with yarn, you MUST check this out!
5	This little house across the street from Strawberry Fields is the place to go in town for yarn + accessories.  Besides the high-quality selection of yarns (not huge), there's an extensive library of pattern/how-to books, a sitting area where you can try things out, lots of accessories and samples, and the owner is extremely nice and helpful.  There are also classes for people at all levels and special events like bringing in angora bunnies for children.  Highly recommended.
5	As a new knitter, I need as much guidance as I can get.  The store owner started me out knitting a scarf, taught me how to cast on and knit for the first time (very patiently, might I add), helped me finish my work, and is continually helping me with new projects.  She's so gracious and an expert at her craft: and her selection is awesome!  I can always find what I need/want.  Very home-like and comfortable!  This place is full service.  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I love this shop and the owner is wonderful! Brigitte always wants to know what you're working on and is always willing to listen and give advice. My in-town family shops here for my birthday and Christmas gifts, and Brigitte uses the opportunity to suggest things I'm nervous about  -- she suggested that one family member get me a gift certificate for the upcoming sock class (taught by Bev, who is a great teacher, very patient and helpful), but left it open for me to use it on other things if I preferred (I took the class, and I'm glad I did, it was great).Klose Knit has a great selection of yarn, especially considering how small the store is. I've found a few that I am totally addicted to now. In addition, when I needed yarn for baby blankets for my cousins, Brigitte pointed me to one kind of yarn and even ordered a few colors for me.Brigitte also runs a knitting night on the first Monday of the month at Kaldi's inside Schnuck's in Urbana.
5	Beautiful yarn, lovely owner, friendly helpful service. I'm a new knitter and felt so welcome. Can't wait to go back.
5	Loved this shop! I like to visit yarn shops while traveling (either for business or pleasure) and my favorite souvenirs are yarn and knitting accessories. The owner and her helper were so friendly and sweet...helpful but also left me to wander around when I wanted to do that. Got some beautiful yarn and a fun pattern book. Hope to get back to Urbana to stop by again!
