5	Very cool, chic decor...very south beach look and feel but without the crazy pricing and stuck-up vibe.  Mediterranean menu with tons of great main course options, some excellent breads and cheeses to start and solid deserts.  The wine menu was complete with a nice selection of both european and american reds.  I ended up ordering a phenom watermelon salad and seared, ahi tuna for the main.  Again, the menu has excellence all through it with a very reasonable price tag.My only problem with the experience was the layout of the room we were sitting in.  The seating around the edges of the room had a cool, rounded design to it but the tables were rectangles...which meant you could NOT sit in the center of the rounded bench seating without reaching 2 feet in front of you to get to your plate.  The rest of the rooms in the restaurant looked to have squared seating and tables, so I think it was just the area we were in.
3	Just had lunch here.  My party sampled the veal rigatoni, the tuna sandwich, the meditterranean flatbread pizza and basil pesto flatbread.  With four glasses of wine, one soup and three desserts, the tab was more than $120 - pretty pricey for lunch.  Other than the prices (and the parking - if someone in your group has a problem walking long distances, drop them at the door then find a space), we were quite happy with the experience.  Everyone raved about their entrees and the desserts were heavenly (sold as "tapas" sized, still way too much).  Liked the selection on the wine list but didn't want to order a second glass because of the pricing. Will go back - but only to celebrate a special occasion.  Unfortunately, it won't become one of my regular spots - not unless my business gets much better!  Five stars for food quality and wine selection, knock off one star for parking hassle and one star for pricing.
4	When I went here, I dined outside so I can't say too much about the interior.  My first impression was that it looked a little cramped inside.  Perhaps they were going for the cozy feel.The food and the service, on the other hand, we top notch.  We had seafood and it was amazing; complimented by an international wine list.   Since it was a sunday evening when I dined here, it wasn't very crowded, but with the way the place was laid out I'm sure it is a local hot spot.  Definitely a trendy place to take a date.
4	We walked into M5 and expected a long wait given the amount of people inside, but luckily it was only 15-30 mins for a table for 2. The inside is dim, very chic, and cozy - the candles lit and the friendly staff make you want to get comfortable. As far as decor goes, we felt like if you picked M5 up and dropped it in Manhattan, you wouldn't know the difference. We walked over to the bar area and ordered a couple of drinks. I will say this: be prepared to spend here. One glass of wine and 2 Chimays set us  back $30, which we felt was a bit high. But hey, they were Chimays. Once our buzzer went off we were led to our table by a cheerful hostess. An interesting note about the dining room: you can grab a seat at a "bar" in the middle of it and watch the cooks prepare the food. We thought this was a cool feature but appreciated a private table nonetheless. Where we sat was nice because we were facing a glass fireplace, and through it we had a great view of the cooks in action. Now for the food: M5 labels themselves as "modern mediterranian", and with this we strongly agree - it's mediterranean with a loose interpretation. And (surprise surprise!) it's yet another restaurant owned by the Harpers group. For apps, we got the mussels which were excellent, and the spanikopita which we devoured - it was delicious. For our entrees, my fiancee got the special which was so good I (again) had some serious food envy once I tasted his dish. It was the mahi mahi, over a bed of spinach with some almond sauce on top. AMAZING. I ordered the prawns, which came with a spanish risotto. It was good, but not great - the prawns were not as big as I'd expected and there were only three of them, and the risotto was just okay.Overall it was a great dining experience and we will definitely be back here! I would make a reservation next time though, just to be sure.
4	I have eaten at M5 about three times and have had a good experience each time. Service is good, the decoration is chic, big outdoor seating and a great wine selection. For Charlotte, it's 5 stars. Favorites: Mussels in white wine sauce, gnocchi, local/farm fresh tomato mozzarella salad and any flat bread.
3	A upscale, urban chic restaurant, M5 has a unique interior & very good food. I don't know if I've ever been to a restaurant quite like this before, considering the atmosphere & ambiance. It really does have a modern feel like the name implies.Overall, the food is very good, I had the salmon & my girlfriend had the Mahi Mahi...& if I were to go back I would def get the Mahi. It's probably one of the better fish dishes I've had in my entire life. Our appetizer & sides were very good as well, but I would give 1 suggestion and that is to not order a salad. Maybe I should have known better, but an $8 salad (not included with your meal) just isn't worth it to me. You get enough food with an appetizer & your entree so don't get the salad.M5 is a nice place, with very good food, but if you're like me & on a budget, only make this a date night restaurant every so often.
5	Im biased.  I declare it, I do not hide from it.  Chef Tom is the best in Charlotte.  He proved that to me a while ago.  If you think over all of the concepts he touches, you have to realize how talented he is.Decor just rocks.  It is sexy.The open kitchen with the seats at the window are just great and well worth the cost to sit there.Food is dead on.  It is perfect.  It basically is stealing business from another Chef Tom product... UpStream.
4	M5 is super swanky, and with good reason: the food here is awesome. If you like Greek, and a modern take on Greek at that, then you'll love this place. Great flatbreads, hummus platter, olive appetizers--that sort of thing. At a price, though. This isn't cheap. They have great fish here, so try one of their options if that's your thing. I tried one of their chicken dishes--not as good as all the fish dishes we tried.The restaurant itself is super nice--really cool, modern, hip decor, so it's definitely a great place to impress--good for a fun business dinner or for a first date. There's a great--and pretty crowded--bar scene, too, so you can definitely just stop by here for (pricy) cocktails.
5	I booked a reservation online for our first visit to M5.  It was very easy to do through Open Table.   We arrived on time and were seated right away.  The first thing we noticed was the incredible decor inside.  It was very early 1960s retro.  I expected to spot Don Draper from "Mad Men" sitting in one of the booths trying to woo another client.  Our server Kristopher greeted us right away and brought us a drink menu upon request (they normally just bring a wine list to start).  We started with the French Pear Martini made with Grey Goose pear vodka and amaretto.  Mmmm...   At our server's recommendation, we tried the octopus appetizer.  I know I've had calamari (squid) dozens of times, but I couldn't recall ever trying octopus.  It was good and sliced in strips instead of rings like calamari.  It was good (a little fishy), but I'd probably just get the French onion soup next time (our 2nd appetizer).  It was hands-down one of THE best French onion soups I've ever had.  There was a lot of flavor in each spoonful, and I could have eaten a few bowls more.  They also brought us bread (that they normally bring to tables) that was seemingly slices of focaccia, but with more moistness and sweetness to them.  It, too, was delicious.  Thankfully, we hadn't eaten much all day, so we were pretty hungry.  Our entrees came beautifully presented soon afterward.  I ordered the swordfish with a side of broccoli rabe and my partner ordered the gnocchi with a side of winter squash.  Everything was delicious, and my broccoli rabe wasn't bitter like it is when I make it at home.  All in all, we had a fantastic meal experience.  Both of us commented that it was one of the best we've had in the city of Charlotte.  The food was delicious, the service was superb, and everyone was so nice that we came into contact with, from the hostesses to our server to other servers who brought our dishes or cleared them to the manager who stopped by our table.  Not a single person made us feel like this was a snooty establishment (see review for Blue Restaurant & Bar).  Although the decor may indicate otherwise, we didn't detect an ounce of pretension.  Everyone was treated as equally valued.  The prices were reasonable, too, even though everything was a la carte pricing.  You can mix and match your own meal combinations to create your own pricing.  We definitely can't wait to return to M5.  In the meantime, we'll be sure to tell everyone how great it is.
3	We went to M5 for the first time during Restaurant Week, and made reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night.  We sat at the bar and waited for our table, and had several cocktails.  I enjoyed the Berries and Bubbles that I had--I really like drinks with a splash of Chambord, for some reason.  My husband had the Grape Crush something, which wasn't that great.  The bartender was very nice--she was super attentive despite being busy.  We finally got our table around 9:20--yikes!I had the butternut squash soup, the pork tenderloin, and the chocolate cake.  M5 got an extra star just for the soup.  I am a fan of butternut squash soup, and this one was extremely delicious.  The pork was totally average and nothing special.  The chocolate cake was pretty good too, I enjoyed it.My husband had the gnocchi, steak, and the cheese plate.  He was not as lucky as I was in our dining venture.  The gnocchi was not good, the steak was average, and the cheese plate was alright.  His evening tragically ended in terrible indigestion and near vomiting (his ability to "poop it out" saved him).  This lost a star for M5.Our waiter was very friendly and nice, and it was a fairly pleasant evening, albeit a bit inconsistent.
4	Delicious food, gorgeous space, slow service. Service was fine - perhaps the slow service is on purpose, but in any case, highly recommended. The beauty of the restaurant is simply unexpected in such a pedestrian location - its tucked away in some apartment complex behind a crate & barrel. Each of the rooms within the place has its own feel and we sat in an oval room with a wall of glass an a stunning chandelier.The food wasn't  so bad either - my (not miso) black cod was silky awesome.  Everyone at my table raved about the food. The only dissapointment was an order of babaganoush - a bit overly refined. However, the mezze appetizer plate was awesome. The hot (as in temperature) olives were a surprise - never encounted heated up olives.Prices were fine - well within reason for the food and setting.
4	Unique menu with a cool bar- hard to believe it's in Charlotte.
3	My first experience at M5 was during Charlotte Restaurant Week. I was a little disappointed already because I wanted to go somewhere else but it was completely full. The restaurant itself is really unique. It would be a really fun place to go for drinks after work. The atmosphere is awesome and its in a good location. I was instantly impressed with the cool and modern look of the restaurant. For my first course, I had a scallop dish with fava beans. It was delicious, the scallops were plump and the fava beans were cooked just right. My second course was pork tenderloin with polenta and peppers. The tenderloin was well cooked but somewhat of a disappointment, there was too much polenta on the plate, and the pepper stew was good. For my dessert, I opted for the cheese plate. It was average and I probably could have made better at home. The cheese selections were not very good. Overall, my experience was decent and I was glad I only paid $30 for it. I might like to sample the rest of the menu but would be skeptical considering the prices. I enjoy Mediterranean food but was simply not impressed with M5.
5	Tres bon!A very nice dining experience.  Nice atmosphere.  Attentive staff.  Great food.  The french onion soup, grape leaves, parfait,  Mediterranean salad, polenta, lamb, and scallops were all excellent.Hard to say which is better, M5 or Zambra in Asheville, but M5 will definitely get my business again.
4	Tried M5 Modern Mediterranean because of the reviews. Got to say, the food is good. We had wine and appetizers so I can't reflect on the dinner menu. I had the octopus and wasn't disappointed. The outdoor patio is nice. It's on the east side of the building so there's no sun in the afternoon. That's great on a warm day, probably not so great on a cooler evening.The wait staff is very attentive but not obnoxious. The menu looks great.I would definitely eat here again.
5	I can honestly say this was one of the best dinning experiences I have ever had. I took my parents their for there anniversary and they loved it. The food was excellent and the service was top notch. I highly recommend you check out the "Feed Me Chef" menu.
5	If you have followed my reviews, you will see I tend to have to push myself to through caution to the wind and try foods I am not familiar with. Sometimes the result is "that was interesting to try, but I will never order again". This was not the case at m5. Every single think that I tried (app, entree, dessert) I thoroughly enjoyed. I just wish I would have wrote review a few weeks earlier so that I could remember what I had. Menu changes often so you will have to experiment; but take a chance, I have not been disappointed so far.
4	Being New Yorkers, my husband and I had low expectations when his brother brought us here for dinner last night. he told us it was goo, but we figured that meant good for Charlotte. You don't realize what a snob you are till you say it out loud. Anyway, it was delicious!  Every sip of my drink, every bite of each dish, just perfect. We had the short rib gnocchi appetizer - i wish it was a meal and i could drown myself in it. we also had the duck confit risotto, which was tasty but kind of placed in comparison to its competition. the fig and prosciutto flat bread was pretty tasty too. i didn't expect unique ingredients and pairings, but the quinoa risotto served with my lamb sure did surprise me. i wish we had room for dessert, everything was so tasty. the service was great too.
4	I've been here several times for a variety of occasions.  I went with a large group, with a group of 4, did wine and apps once and also just went for drinks/dessert with my wife.  I've enjoyed myself and my food every time. For the apps, the dates with bleu cheese and chorizo are really fantastic.  From the menu, I've tried the steak, the quail and the scallops.  All were great.  The wine list is extensive and interesting- lots of nice choices from a variety of regions and with a wide range of prices.  Lots of good Spanish options (even in whites). The atmosphere here is modern and inviting.  Definitely more interesting than most places in Charlotte.  You'll see a mix of patrons too- from younger hipsters to older foodies, and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves.Overall I think its a solid experience.  The food, service and ambiance are all above average.  I'll be back (obviously- already been 4 times) and will continue to recommend it.
2	Very pretty restaurant with super nice servers and staff.We had the 3 greek dips...they were delightful! The fresh baked pita bread was incredible....be sure to order this appetizer with extra pita! They cook it to order, and it takes a loooooonnnngggg time to get more... they only bring 2 pieces, so you will definitely need more!Spanokopita was also nice...but the servers do not know how to pronounce it!! :) It comes with a baby green salad on top, which is nice, but the vinegar dressing does not belong and is not needed.Shrimp risotto was very very nice...could have used a bit larger portion! and, when shrimp is served in a dish like this, I prefer the tails removed to facillitate easier eating. The risotto was thick and creamy and beautifully seasoned, with fresh firm peas. It was very lovely.So....why only 2 stars? Flies. Flies.... and more flies.... tiny little fruit flies, and tons of them hovering constantly. Trying to get into the food... the wine.... gosh, they were everywhere! I must say, I would probably not patronize this restaurant again, because of the fly problem.
5	If you like Med food, this is great. Servings are small and tasteful and the bread is TDF. I really love the cheese, olives and Charcuterie...YUM YUM and YUM! I really love this place. The decor is great. Interior designers dream. It has a gorgeous patio, and a great bar area. If you are the kind of person who wants BIG portions for your money, this is not the place for you however. It is more like tapas and small tastes.. a bit of Amuse Bouche'
5	I have been here a few times- some in the summer for an evening drink and apps on the patio (great people watching!) and now twice for dinner. I recommend any of their seafood and their three Mediterranean dips.Last week my husband and I went for restaurant week. We were sat in a booth by the nice fireplace, which is a very romantic spot. We had the delicious scallops and gnocchi with a balsamic reduction- absolutely divine. I also had the fig prosciutto flatbread that would have been great if I liked the cheese on it but I'm not a fan of a lot of cheeses.  The regular parmesan bread they served with dinner was fluffy and delicious!  For dessert we had tiramisu and it was very light and not too sweet.  We really enjoyed the wine flight that accompanied the meal.  Service was great and very approachable and attentive.  It's not priced for every day dining, but definitely great for date night or special occasions.
3	Im finding it very hard to rate this place! I have been for dinner a bunch of times and some of those times disappointed and then I came for Easter Brunch and it was REALLY disappointing!! So I've liked it and I've hated it!!Dinner has been good with the exception of dishes that I've learned not to order again. While at the same time I've fallen in love with some other dishes!! The Dreadful Easter Buffet was really a let down it had sooo much potential but it really made us sad!! One thing I can say was they had good Deviled Eggs! They had gnocchi with a mushroom cream something...Gross, a Penne Bolognese...Grosser, it was so dried out and bland and horrendous looking. Paella was just not good! They had a carving station where the Prime rib was all fat and the Ham was dry. Now I think my biggest let down was that it was Brunch and they didn't have any Breakfast food out!! You can't call it Brunch with no Breakfast food!! Please call it "UNCH" because there was no "BR" in sight!! I will go back for there normal "Brunch" because the menu has Breakfast items on it and it looks good so we will see!! Wish Me Luck!!
2	When this place opened, it was our favorite in Charlotte, and we have eaten here many times.  The food was once fresh, the menu interesting, and the staff attentive and knowledgeable.  We went back for a special occasion in late March, and all that had changed.  My fish was tough, cold and smelly, the dishes relatively unimaginative, and the service less conscientious than it had been (just average - and this is too much of a high end place for just average service).  I asked the waitress whether there had been a change in the kitchen, and was told that the former chef had moved over to The Liberty on South (which I have not yet tried), so perhaps that is the problem.For a nicer restaurant, they would do well to improve the atmosphere by encouraging a better dress code.  Typical Charlotte, patrons were sitting around eating their $30 entrees in sweat pants, or shorts and golf visors.  Not sure how much the restaurant can do about that, but other comparable places seem to do a better job of subtly encouraging more appropriate attire.I give it two stars, instead of one, because (1) it was once an amazing restaurant and (2) the manager was concerned and decent enough to take my disgusting entree off the bill after the waitress told him we were unhappy.  I do not think we will be likely to return, but I hope they get a better chef, focus on the freshness of their food, or do whatever they need to do to return to where they were a year or two ago.
4	Good upscale, trendy restaurant.  The shrimp appetizer is excellent.  If the weather is good the patio outside is nice, even though it is on a major intersection.  Nice scene / people watching outside on the weekends, and they have a DJ if that is your thing.  Price is high but appropriate for what it is.  I like the waitstaff, they are always nice and chatty (in a good way).
4	I did the chef's tasting for lunch one day and it was great. The bisque was good and the salmon great. The risotto with my salmon was a little over seasoned though. The decor of the place is absolutely lovely  I had a wonderful waitress too, I wish I caught her name so that I could see if she will be working when I plan a dinner there. Will update once more on my dinner experience here soon to come!
4	We did the combo appetizer plate-hummus, dates stuffed w blue cheese, shrimp wrapped in spanakopita, stuffed grape leaves. Hummus and dates - 2 thumbs up! We did the Queen's feast... a prix fixe menu consisting of an app, entree and dessert.  I got the Duck Sausage & Sweet Onion Flatbread, Grilled Prime Flank Steak & Blackberry & Port Semifreddo. All delicious! The flatbread w duck sausage could have been a meal by itself. I had a glass of rioja w my flank steak based on a recommendation from our waiter. Good choice but the wine wasn't the ideal pairing. The seasoning on the steak was too much for the wine. Should have gone w a Cab or Zin. The duck sausage would have gone well w the rioja. Alas, I was still working on a glass of sauvignon blanc when it came.  My wife got Lomo Wrapped Tiger Prawns, Crispy Rotisserie Roasted Poussin and Dark Chocolate & Almond Crostada. The prawns and crostada were amazing. Our server was very familiar with food prep and ingredients used. Very helpful! Overall, great for a night out when you want a good meal in an energetic environment. Good wine list!
2	They did a gerat job decorating this place in a way that is still fun to be a part of (even though it isn't "the new thing" anymore) , but the food and service seems to have gone downhill quite a bit lately.  Did management change?  Seems to have let its standards slip a bit.
4	What happened to this place? I heard there was a fire and the place would reopen, but then I heard from somewhere that the place looks permanently closed and I don't even see M5 on Harper's web site. Strange!
