1	There's something about Made In Thailand Sweatshop Polo Shirts within 5 feet of produce that's just wrong.  The place is a crazy maze of endless cheap crap and more cheap crap and surprisingly "hey I could use that maybe I should buy ...no!" its cheap crap.A portrait studio next to the nail salon inside the store was the real topper for me.  Get prettified then go have it taken in portrait sized.
5	I needed some everyday things so I decided to stop here to buy everything i needed in one stop.I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.   THIS WALMART IS CLEAN AND ORGANIZEDEverything, even in the much abused toy department, was neat and orderly   The selection of foods and other household items was very good indeed.   But most striking was how clean it was.
4	I know, I know, who writes reviews of Wal-Mart (regularly known as Wally World)?  Well, I stay in the La Quinta hotel next door every other night with my job. Somehow I'd lost one of my work gloves, so I went in search of replacements. I also had forgotten my one into three ciggy plug thingie that I plug my cell phone, satellite radio, and emergency headset charger into on the road."Wally" had a one into two plug, which worked perfectly, and the friendly staff (extremely friendly!) helped me find both the plug and the gloves I was looking for. It was about 7am when I was in there so no huge crowds to contend with. I ended up talking to one gentleman for about five minutes about trucking (which is what I do and why I needed work gloves). Every single employee I encountered was friendly or at least pleasant (which I'm sure changes the later in the day and the larger the crowds become). All in all, I'll be back (as long as I can get in early - ha) for any other emergency needs.
2	This Walmart or like my friends and I refer to as scaremart is just that. There are always homeless people lurking around and begging for money. I've been approached several times. The inside of the store isn't any better. It is rarely well stocked and not very clean. I only go here because of prices and convenience. I avoid going here at night and alone because of crime.
5	I give this Walmart 5 stars for quality goods at fair prices and a whole lotta crazy people to look at.. I'm pretty sure this is where they get 90% of the "people of Walmart" photos.. And I love it!!
1	This walmart sucks!!! Very ghetto. Dirty; dirty people & dirty store. Staff is sooo rude. They messed up when we tried to return a $60 air matress without a reciept. Then when we came to return it with the reciept they said that we had already exchange it & they wouldn't accept it. So now we have a $60 pointless air matress.
2	Poorly stocked and ghetto. There isn't really much to say other than watch your back. They are always poorly stocked and the store is a mess, then you need an employee for assistance just forget it. Drive the extra 10 minutes for a better Walmart. The only reason I shop here is because I get lazy and don't want to drive further.
3	Typical walmart not in the greatest area. Inside is not to bad people outside not so good though.
2	Please see Mr Ghetto - Walmart on youtube before reading this review. The wally world featured on this video is cleaner and better stocked than the one in this location. You have to wade through the small army of lazy bums panhandling (saw one in a leather jacket one time) before getting to the store or back to your car every time! I avoid taking my family here for safety sake so i usually go here by myself. That's only if I really have to go here unless I want to drive the extra 10 min to go to a better walmart down Craig Road.
2	Ehhh I like the fact that its by the air force base and a Del Taco is in the parking lot but thats where it ends. At 2 am they have 1 cashier ONLY 1. While most others have 2 or 3 and arent afraid to call more. And the employees arent that bad. BUT the clientele who frequent this one are lacking in the way they dress and how they act. Plus the manager at the Mc Donalds acts like your not there. Hence the Del Taco in the parking lot with better food anyway.
1	Everyone i know refers to this walmart as "stab-mart". Be careful when you go here, this isn't the safest walmart in town. Its right outside base so you would think its a good place, but eh... most especially don't go here alone. I've been here alone a few times, but in broad daylight... didn't have any "violent" experiences. There are beggars in the parking lot, someone always trying to get something out of you. When I go, I park as close to the door as possible, and if i see anyone just "chillin" outside, I just drive away and park somewhere else, or just leave. better safe than sorry. The first few times my husband and I came here, we didn't know it was a bad part of town, but every single time we were there, someone always followed us around the parking lot asking us for money. come on people... get a job!
1	Stab-Mart for sure.I wouldn't come here at night, and I wouldn't drive a nice car here either.Bums will approach you in the parking lot (reminds me a LOT of the Lancaster,CA location) I cam in here on a whim, it was over picked and full of the most interesting looking creeps ever.Return factor: Probably not.
1	no comment please find another type of place to go other than this walmart. They are very rude and slow it is alway messy. I have acutally written a letter to Wal-mart  about this but they are careless. Save your self the sorrow and go somewhere else.
1	I had called to ask if they had a t.v. In stock. They put me on hold for 20 Minutes. My call dropped so I decided to call back and they clicked on me. I decided to call back one more time and they answered with a attitude. They put me on hold and put the phone down. While I heard everything going on. They finally asked what I needed one more time. didn't even finish my  question & their response "no we don't have one" & clicked. Very rude!
2	Ehhh... It's Wal-Mart.   There isn't a whole lot to say.  This particular branch usually only has one cashier available for the busiest times of the day.  Don't go unless you want to:- stand in line for 45-60 minutes- watch horrible parents yell at their children- watch horrible children run through the aisles with no supervision- wait for that person in front of you to stop hogging the damn aisle with their cart.- get hit on by the creepiest men ever. (who always seem to have 5 kids with them)A couple of good things - - $5 movie bin!- Super cheap booze.  Don't know why, but it's cheaper here than anywhere in North Vegas.
1	So y'all know I already hate Walmart NOW my Aunty scheduled these family photos with them and these people closed down with NO NOTICE not a phone call or anything BUT they went ahead and collected the money for our photos in advance to say I am PISSED does not begin to cover it!!!!
1	1 word Ghetto
1	The most ghetto Walmart I have ever been to! I've seen ghetto in Oakland, but this walmart is even worst than the walmart in the middle of Oakland! I make sure I leave my wallet, purse, and jewelry at home before coming here. Usually I'll just have my ID and credit card. Please avoid! and if you must go be smart and stay safe.There's a reason that airman are constantly and repeated told to stay away from this Walmart when they move to Nellis AFB!
1	The only reason I put up with this hot mess of a store is because it's literally right across the street from the base and it's convenient. Every time I go here it's a mess!! The only Walmart I've been too that holds your DL in order to use a scooter. The only Walmart that makes you swipe your debit card for 3 different transactions for gift card purchases (I still don't understand that one)I only go here when I'm in a pinch and would rater drive across town than put up with this location.
1	Only visit this Walmart if I need something for an emergency. I am always asked for money even before I park my car. The customers inside leave it a mess and are very rude. The parking lot is full of trash and carts are everywhere. Seriously do not like this Walmart at all!
1	Why didn't I go to Kmart?  Filthy bathroom, already been hit up for money.  Total lack of customer service.  In fact I like to call their customer service department, Lack of Customer Service.  The works always looked over worked and annoyed to have to answer a question or help.  I mean the nerve of me!
2	This Walmart is the worse Walmart I have gone to & I've been at different locations throughout the city. I tried to return my bfs cable cord & Jamie asked why I didn't want it & I said it doesn't work with our game box. I honestly didn't know what to say because it wasnt mine in the first place then an old white man decided to jump in my convo & tell her that it works. Who asked you in the first place? My bf  Mentioned a cable man giving us a cord to go with our Internet so why can't we return our extra item? I don't know why he was in my business anyway... He didn't pay for it. Asshole. So, Jamie proceeds to check my item THOROUGHLY.. Says that I have to grab another one all the way in electronics which was at the back of the store. Really?! You can't call one of your other employees? What kind of customer service is this? I'm pretty sure if the asshole who jumped in my convo didn't say anything she wouldn't have made me walk all the way across the store when I had my receipt and everything attached anyway. Plus, I asked the manager of CS.. some black woman where it was and she said Electronics.. Didn't bother to point or direct where it was... I don't know what kind of customer service Walmart gives... But then again... Look at the other reviews on this location.
1	I actually fear for my life when I go here at night. It's creepy.  It is worth it to take the trip down Craig to the other Walmart.
1	The only reason I give the store one star is so people don't think I forgot to rate it is not worth one star. Walking through the store it smelled like rotten meat was filthy there's crap on the floor in most every aisle. One of the meat refrigerators was leaking from rotten chicken my girlfriend slipped on the floor and hurt herself. I would stay away from this piece of crap store is the worst store ive ever been in my life. Ghetto is to kind of a word for this store it was terrible I will not be back.
2	So conviently located! I find myself here more than I care to admit,  mostly because it is in the center of all my daily activities and it's open 24 hours.When we first moved to Las Vegas we were told this was "stab mart" and I was warned never to set foot here especially at night... to which I responded "why would I go to Walmart if it wasn't the middle of the night?" I do though,  because it's cheap and it's RIGHT THERE! The store is usually trashed, although I often see associates cleaning. They seldom acknowledge me, but cleaning up after the customers who treat the store like a high school boy's bedroom is a pretty overwhelming job. The customer service is terrible, but I never expected better from Walmart.  The carts never work and I consider it a victory to find one I can steer without breaking a sweat or physically lifting the entire cart to navigate corners. Don't expect a reasonable number of registers to be open, Walmart doesn't work that way. Most of my complaints are generally applicable to all Walmarts.Now for some myth busting... I come here often and I have never been stabbed, car jacked or threatened in any way. There is security on site and they seem to be sober and aware... what more can you expect from Walmart.On the plus side no one here has ever been out rightly rude to me, no employees anyway. Which earns nasty Wally World a second star, because in the low standard world of Walmart that counts for something. I'll be back, I always come back. Sometimes convince just outweighs standards.  That's why sometimes I even eat at the Walmart Mcdonalds.
1	If I could give it a lower rating I would. To make things short and simple, I was trying to price match something, they wouldn't do it, even though their policy says they price match online sites as of Nov 14th. I purchased the item on the 7th. So to get the $10 off from the price match, I would need to return the razor then price match it. We both know that's a huge inconvenience for them and myself. They said just bring it back and we'll return it, grab another and buy it after price matching. Instead, I took it back asked for it to be refunded completely on my card, instead they handed me cash and said "Oh too late." All of this with a horrible attitude and complete lack of professionalism. I'll never go to this Walmart again.
5	I read the majority of complaint before writing my own, I feel that this walmart is up and coming from where it was when it started. Most of other people's complaints on here can be said for any major retailer in Las Vegas in a given day. There are a lot of good deals, it is conveniently located, and open 24 hrs. I have never had an issue here and they have always been respectful to men/women in uniform.
