5	These guys are great.  They put the time in to really understand the problem and make sure it's fixed.  They also seem to be one of the few mechanics (the only one that I found) that knows how to fix german cars.I've had my 98 Jetta for over 10 years, and I know it has it's quirks, but most of the time it's a simple issue that causes it.  It amazed me on my recent move back to Pittsburgh how few mechanics here seem to really take the time to troubleshoot what was wrong with it.  When my check engine light was on recently two other mechanics looked at it and didn't figure out what was wrong with it.  The first had me replace spark plugs, cables, coil, and the issue got worse all while telling me I should replace it for a brand new american car.  They kept it fort over a week and finally called me and told me they didn't want to work on it anymore.  The second mechanic told me I had to replace the engine!When I brought it to German Motor Werks I got a good feeling immediately when I went in and saw how organized the shop was.  I told the mechanic that two other shops didn't want to fix it and he said "That don't scare me none."  I left it there and was called within 24 hours.  Apparently the first mechanic didn't install the plugs correctly and the car just needed a little oil.  40 bucks and out the door.More recently a vacuum hose for the secondary air intake went bad.  I know this hose is tough to get to and requires the front bumper to come off.  Terry was straight up with me and I thought the time estimate was fair.To be honest, at $75 per hour (as of June 2012) I think these guys undercharge.  I'm coming from the West where less competent german mechanics charge $110 with less customer service and attention to the details.  I really appreciate these guys' hard work.
5	Great service, great price. Fixed my Jetta Diesel glow plugs in less than a day and was much cheaper than the Volkswagen dealership.
5	These guys really know their stuff, are reasonably priced, and let me bring my own parts. Amazing, will only take my car here from now on.
