4	Again, I'm taking a trip back home to California and my car always needs to have something done. This time, tires. I asked some of my friends and one of them recommended East Valley Tire. So I went out there and found what looked like and old gas station with tires stacked out front and the  guys changing tires in the stalls where the gas pumps used to be. I asked the guy who ran the place (I'm sorry I didn't ask what his name was) if they had my size tire in stock. He took me into their stock room and showed me what they had. They had new and slightly used tires. He told me the used tires came off of cars that had put new rims and different size tires on. I picked out 2 and awaited what my total would be. $100 for both out the door with mounting and balancing! I almost had to ask again before my brain whispered to me "Say yes, it's a deal". They had me pull my car up into one of the spots and the tire mechanic went right to work on it. 20 minutes later, he comes up and says 'Dude, your all set". Huh? Really? After a walk around the car to check out the new tires, I'm off! I know the place looks a little rough around the edges, but if you want a good deal on tires check out East Valley Tire.
5	Great. Fast service
5	Great service! Friendly staff! Don't be fooled by the exterior because these guys are the best! My wife and I have been here whenever we have needed a tire and they never disappoint us with service and products. When you go to a tire shop for a used tire you don't expect any warranty but here you get one! They have apparently been in business for many years and there's no doubt why.Recently we were going to go out of town and we got a flat just before leaving. We came here and we were on the road and out of town in no time. These guys are great!I loved how the first time we came to check it out there were very high end vehicles getting tires too which really stood out to me as a place that would be reliable and they are. Need a tire? This is the place!
5	Don't judge a book by its cover!  Phenomenal service (quick, friendly & reliable) and prices.  I'm grateful to have found East Valley Tires.
5	I love this place. Doesn't look like much but they get the job done an really care about your wallet and car. I love the honesty too. Like everyone else said, don't judge a book by its cover!
5	Amazing service! I got a flat tire and didn't have a jack or a crank to get my spare on. I had to get a mechanic to do that for me and then come to East Valley Tire to get my new tire. They didn't have a used tire that fit my make of car, but they were very friendly and gave me a great deal on my new tire. They also switched out my locking lug nuts in like 5 minutes and found me a jack and a crank! They were so helpful and amazing to work with. I will be going to East Valley Tire from now on for all of my tires!!!!!
5	Just moved here from Florida and had cut one of my tires.  A guy at work said to go to East Valley Tire.  They were so nice, so fast, and had one used tire, the same size and the same brand as the one I had cut the sidewall on.  $ 40.00 and it looked better than the other three on my van.  They checked all my tires, checked my spare, and I was done in 25 minutes.  Amazing service.
5	This is the best used tire place in the east valley. They are trustworthy and will fill your tires for free. They've never given me a bad tire and their prices are fair with great customer service. If you checkin at the location they will rotate your tires for free and fill them up!
5	Why can't I rate more stars love this shop all the guys are great and fast. They know what there doing I always am in there with the green subaru Wagon just got 4 tires today for a great price and me and my son Love toyo there guard dog
5	i went in needing a couple used tires when i got there they found me a couple at a  really nice priceas i was waiting they came back and told me one cracked as they mounted it i thought here we go ! upsell time but to my surprise they offered me the higher priced tire for the same price as the original quote then it happened again ...lol second tire cracked so they grabbed another higher cost tire and mounted it for the original quote!!it was quick friendly and professional will return
5	Very professional staff. Best prices I have ever seen. I highly recommend East Valley Tire
5	This is hands down the best tire place! You can't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest! This is a used tire place so you do pay a fraction of the price at those "other" tire places. I would come back here over and over again. Thanks East Valley Tire!
5	Fast service at a great price the only place to go to if you don't want it to take all day getting new tires. I have come here several times for repairs replacement and have never been disappointed. They are honest and treat you good so you want to come back.
5	I had a donut on its last leg and a nail in another tire very little money, but they hooked me up and now I'm on my way, HAPPY! :-)
5	It's a ride from the east valley but worth every mile. They assessed all the tires and found all the issues.
5	I love this tire place! Who says that? Seriously, East Valley Tire gives excellent customer services and they have outstanding prices on high quality used tires. (I'm sure that goes for new tires, too, but I've only purchased used ones). I've come here twice and both times they have been fast and very courteous. They also have interesting commemorative newspapers and things like that on the walls, which are kind of cool to look at while you wait. I hope these guys stay in business forever so I will always have a great go-to place to get my tires replaced!
5	I have been using EVT for all of my wheel and tire needs for the last three years and I have never been disappointed. They are fast, friendly and above all, ethical. The owner is always on site and always communicates with customers on a regular basis. The staff are knowledgeable, courteous and quick. I am a car guy myself, so I know what to look for in shops and EVT has all the signs of a grade A shop. I recommend them to everyone and I recommend them to you!
5	In and out in 30 minutes with four used tires with plenty of tread left at half the cost of the so-called discount stores.  I don't think I'll ever buy "new" tires again.  Bonus - no up selling or added services pushed on me.  Just took off the old and put on my new set.
5	Best service in the valley! I went to replace the two front tires, they had exactly what I needed, the price was perfect, the service was quick and their customer service was Excelent! Very professional. Highly recommend East Valley Tire. Check it out before you go elsewhere!
