1	I came in to sell my Movado and was told they would have to pass on it because they don't have the tools or specialist to tell if its authentic or not. why are you guys even open then? Will never ever, ever come back to this location and any Superpawn for that matter. This location ruined my experience for all locations! Like the previous review, I would put ZERO stars if I could!
1	Came in to pawn two items.  Was given a very low offer to pawn one item.  The other item was used but I put it back in it's original box.  They said they couldn't take it because it was in it's original box and they require a purchase receipt if an item is in it's original box.  I just took both items to my normal pawn shop and got more money and no hassles.  This place is pretty close to me, but I'll never go back.
1	I just got home from this SuperPawn location. This was my dilemma, I called the store earlier today and informed the person on the phone that I was 9 days late making my payment on important pieces of jewelry that I had a loan on. The nice man informed me that I needed to come in the store just so they could verify that I was the owner and they would try to have the items sent back to the store. I didn't know why they were sent out? He said one of the pieces needed to get fixed. I still didn't know why they sent out both pieces? but ok. After work today I went over to show proof that I was the owner, this is what happened. I walked in and stood in front of the counter, I was called over by a nice young man with spiked dark hair, I informed him of the situation regarding the items of jewelry and how I would really like to get the pieces back. He then looked toward the man standing behind him who was Jason Arther the store manager. The store manager Jason Arther did not look at me, would not even say hello to me and he is waring some kind of star employee performance badge on his shirt. He told me straight out we can't guarantee your items will get back to you. He said we put the request in and we will see if they come back. I said oh ok, do you guys just enter it in the computer hear at the store? Would the items to come back automatically or do you call some ware and have them shipped back, he the interrupted me and said I don't even know ware the stuff is at! We will just have to see. Then I said oh, ok so do you guys just call me or????? I then said do I call you? Right then the nice young man I was dealing with earlier said "you can give us a call in a couple of days if you don't hear from us. Right then he was cut off by the store manager Jason Arthur who said NO! Just call us in 2 weeks if you don't hear from us. I am thinking this guy seams to just want me to leave the SuperPawn Store. I really don't think Store Manager Jason Arthur cares about my 2 little items. His attitude seamed to show me he just wanted me gone. I hope I'm wrong and I do get the items back, because they mean a lot to me. I will update this review in 2 weeks after I see how the SuperPawn in Henderson, NV. Next to the Home Depot store under the leadership of store manager Jason Arthur responds. I really hope they are able to locate my items.
1	Well it's been two weeks and I phoned the store around 4:45pm today. I first spoke to a man named Scott, he informed me he was helping another customer and would help me as soon as he was done. 8 minutes later a man by the name of Ike picked up the phone and asked if he could help? I then told him of the situation, and he said he would check the "list". Ike then informed me the manager "Arther" was not in today, but the computer shows the request to have the items sent back to the store. I asked how much longer I should wait and Ike said 4-6 weeks. I informed Ike I had already waited 2 weeks. Ike then said give us a call back this Friday if you don't hear from us. I stressed to Ike the importance if the items. So hopefully things turn out good friday. I will post update.
