1	If it weren't for one rude, totally unprofessional and socially obnoxious employee, (the tall blonde with short hair), this business would have gotten a much higher rating because the manager and other stylists were very professional.      My daughter-in-law and I took my two granddaughters, 2 and 4 in for haircuts. The four-year-old was having a bad day and began misbehaving. I immediately took her outside where we remained until the two-year-old was finished. After we left, my daughter-in-law said the tall blonde with the short hair came up to her and asked if our four-year-old was her daughter, to which my daughter-in-law replied yes. Then this very rude girl who by the way, had no reason to even speak to my daughter-in-law as she was not the person cutting either girls hair, nor had she waited on us at the counter said to my daughter-in-law, "that little girl's crazy."       That type of rude, aggressive behavior clearly shows that girl does not have even the minimum amount of social skills to work with the public and should be fired!
5	You know, if parents actually controlled their children in a public setting, then maybe other people wouldn't have such things to say about your children. Which is funny, because I was actually in the salon when this specific incident happened, and this little girl was a complete brat and should have been put on a leash!! I was actually sitting in the chair of the "tall blonde" (who by the way does a great job on my hair) and I was the one who made the first comment about how untrained this child was and should have been given as ass whooping when she was running around the salon and even tried kicking her own mother in the shin! So before you go around opening your mouth about someone's "professional" skills, how about you worry about your "daughter in law"s terrible parenting skills!
1	I came in here about 1 hour before closing and there were a couple people in the chairs getting their haircuts done. One of the ladies came up to me, not even looking at me, and said there would be a 1 hour wait. I said "ok" and she walked away with this expression on her face as though she had seen something disgusting. I guess I'm gross but whatever. I'm not coming here again for that reason, just all around rude and not worth the price.And I don't care if someone replies several months later to somebody else's post in some sort of bid to see who is awesome (see Tammi H. vs. Gina H.). For a place called "cost cutters" its really no different than any other haircut place, other than rude 20 somethings running the place.
