3	Stopped by and had a "Whitney" the first time and it was fab... Just enough sweetness and green enough to feel healthy despite the outrageous price of $15!! My next Whitney a few days later.. Not so good. The gal skimped on the dates and it made the drink barely edible besides overpriced. If you decide to indulge here, be sure to watch the prep so you can tailor the drink.I am doubtful that $15 smoothies are going to make it here for long.
5	Amazing. I got the "refresh" super light and refreshing taste amazing. Boyfriend got the "nice dates" creamy tasty, nice alternative to a shake if your being indulgent. Staff was very friendly. Offered samples of whatever and recommendations based off of what you need. Pricey yes but serves it's purpose.
3	Over priced and not even close to what I can juice.  But I need my greens, taste was blah
5	Love the juice here. Thank you Sage and staff for all your help. Excellent customer service!
5	This place is amazing.  I got the Popeyes protein and it was totally refreshing and the little blender girl had the nicest attitude.  Will be returning
4	Great place, incredibly convenient if you're staying at The Palazzo. Located right off the guest elevators on the casino level.Grab and go green drinks and more (made fresh daily) and on the spot freshly made smoothies. Everything you need to stay perky for those early morning meetings after late nights enjoying all Vegas has to offer.At $11 it's expensive for juice, but well worth it. Less than the cost of a fancy cocktail and 10x the benefit. Thanks Juice Farm for bringing healthy to the strip.
2	Bleh $14 for a smoothie? Not worth it... I expected it to be amazing but it sure wasn't! I forgot the name of the smoothie I had... But I know it was suppose to have bananas and grapes in it. I didn't even see the lady put those two ingredients in there! That alone made the smoothie super bland especially because the almond butter and coconut water made it super grainy...
3	The woman at the register was semi helpful, I was expecting a juice/vegetable connoisseur to help with me and my partner's EDC hangover. Instead she suggested the green shot and we just picked a juice ourselves for almost $20. I would probably come back again like a fool telling myself it's healthy and it will cure any type of hangover but I should remember to not expect much. I'm sure all the juice have their health benefits but I was just expecting to feel instantly better. Oh well. FYI the beet juice makes you poop that color, it's normal. I wish I didn't waste my time freaking out about that... Lol
4	This place is excellent, pricey but you get what you pay for.  The Whitney smoothie was amazing.  The staff was friendly and knowledgable about their product and the health benefits of juicing.    We are not staying at the Palazzo again well worth the 10 minute walk from the Mirage.
2	I like the fact that the Palazzo has this place on site as it is cool to see vegan smoothies and juices on the strip. However, in addition to being way overpriced, the service is not very good.
1	$16 for a smoothie.   Let me repeat that....$16 for a smoothie.  (They do not list their prices).  Go upstairs 1 floor and get a better smoothie at Canyon Ranch for $7.  We juice at home daily and know what real veggies put in a blender tastes like vs the $16 "juice farm" smoothie which is mainly ice -- and tastes like it.  As for the other reviews, what sort of economic theory suggests that $1.75 worth of veggies should suddenly become worth $16 when put into a blender.  Is it a magic blender?  And do you really think juice can "cure" a hangover -- which is predominantly dehydration and inflammation.  Try aspirin and water.........before bed.
1	Weird little juice bar in the Palazzo hotel. Fresh pressed. Too bad the juices taste horrible. This place is crazy overpriced. People who are hungover probably think these juices will help. Nope. They do nothing and just waste space in your stomach. Big mistake coming here.
1	Way overpriced. $15 for a smoothie. Even by strip standards this was way overpriced. The smoothie was ok but nothing special. On top if that, the cashier was drunk.
5	Thank you JuiceFARM for bringing Cold Pressed Juice to the Palazzo. Just had the best smoothie Popeye protein and a wellness shot. I am ready for my day with two green juices in my bag nothing can stop me now.
3	It's great to have a cold pressed juice joint in a casino, but if you charge $11 for a pre-packaged juice, you should probably at least put a price tag somewhere.I had Just Greens & Apple - with celery, parsley, swiss chard, kale, and lemon. Quality was good, but not as fresh and texture-ful as I expected.
1	I went here during Christmas time for a fresh smoothie. The smallest smoothie is $16!!!!I was shocked and walked away.Don't waste your money here
