5	Started working with my uncle as a plumber's assistant this year. Started taking our scrap copper and brass to AZ Delta's yard and have saved the company thousands in expenses. Best metal prices is the valley!
5	I went into Delta Metals with some scrap metal I had left over from misc. household projects, and they were extremely friendly.  They explained to me their pricing and gave me a really good deal for stuff I thought was worthless.  I strongly suggest going to Delta Metals for your scrap or recycling needs, They are the best priced Recycling Center I could find!Although it wasn't for me, due to my extremely small volume, they explained to me how setting up an account could benefit through fixed prices rather than daily market pricing (which can flux quite a bit).
5	These guys are all about recycling and saving the planet. They really care about all their clients no matter how big or small. Wouldn't go anywhere else for recycling all my metals...Awesome!
5	My father does a lot of construction and remodeling work, which of course leaves us with a lot of old scrap material that we remove. Rather than trashing or leaving on the job site we have been taking everything down to AZ Delta's scrap yard and putting the extra cash in our pockets! They take everything from old appliances, scrap copper, to aluminum and steel
5	I had a lot of leftover metals from some home remodeling projects.  I had been saving them for a while knowing that they are actually worth something.  Fast forward a couple weeks ago and my water heater AND washer stopped working on me.  At this point I realized I had quite a lot of stuff that I could bring into a scrap yard.  Queue Delta Metals.  Brought all my stuff down to this recycling center and they gave me a good price.  Thanks guys!
1	These guys are a scam! They advertise prices online, but when you show up, the prices they quote you are about 40% less than what they advertise on line. Packed up my 400 lbs of copper and brass and went a couple miles up the street and actually received a fair price for my scrap. Would not recommend these guys to my worst enemy.
