4	My dad and I stopped at this little diner on the way back from visiting Construction Junction one day. We just kinda liked the looks of the place - an honest-to-goodness Atomic Era diner. Diner aficionados will love this beautifully preserved and fairly rare National brand diner manufactured in the 1940s. The stainless steel and dark-wood interior is glorious with its Formica counters, tile floors, winged clock, and Art Deco elements; it even has the original small bathrooms. You can sit at the counter on stools or in booths on the side. Dad and I were blown away by the greasy goodness of our meal: cheesesteaks with super-fresh bread, tasty strips of steak and onions, and perfectly melted cheese, not to mention the delish fresh-cut fries! They are known for their "Roethlisburger sandwich" - sausage and hamburger with egg and American cheese. The rest of the menu is pretty standard diner fare: loose meat, cheese, and mushroom sandwiches; fries; and salads. Simple but oh-so-good. If you are a fan of diner architecture and/or diner food, Peppi's is well worth the trip! I've also been to the north-side location, and the food is just as good, though the surroundings are not as cool (it's not a prefab diner but a regular restaurant with wooden booths). The north-side staff is fun and friendly, and the soft drinks are bottomless.
3	Locals in-the-know say it's better than Primanti's. But for a visitor, it's just a good sandwich and great fries, not unique by taste to anywhere in particular - except perhaps the Roethlisberger.
5	mmmmmmmmmmm...the bread is awesome, and the rest of the ingredients are fresh.  the staff is hilarious & friendly -- including the owner's 12-year-old kid, who works bussing tables on the weekends.  also, they have cherry coke as a fountain drink!!!  again: mmmmmmmmm.
3	Eating healthy all week! I had to cave in and stop at Peppi's. I have never tried the famous sandwiches and after spending the day cleaning and working out I deserved it. I called for take out on my way home. I pass this place all the time. It has that old diner feel but felt like I would most surely be consuming pure grease. Today was the day! I picked up The Big Wheeler and a small FF.The sub was warm and wrapped up tight. I sampled the fries first and they were limp and tasted like they had been made in older grease. The sub came with lettuce, tomato, mayo, a Philly steak, and sausage famous mix finely chopped then smothered in provalone. The bread was very light, and soft. The kind of bread that has that slight crackle when you bite into it. The meat mix was pleasantly seasoned with a little kick. Tender well seasoned meat with the crisp mouthful of lettuce and tomato while the cheese ran over. Mmmm. It was surprisingly good and I think J would love it! Maybe next time J will try the famous Rothlisberger, he likes egg on his sandwich.
3	This cruddy diner is definitely a dive.  Nothing wrong with that, but for the prices they're charging they could clean it up a bit - maybe wash the floors occasionally?  The sausage they use on their subs is divine. I'd get any sub with that sausage. Hell, I'd eat that sausage off the dirty floors.
4	How much do I love Peppi's? TTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSS much. So, I will say -- I am not big on their fries. They are hand cut and all that, but lots of skins and they sometimes aren't cooked enough to have a light, fluffy center. But certainly on par with say, Primanti's or Kennywood's potato patch.But the fries don't matter. If you're coming here, it's for a tasty, delicious sub. I LOVE the cheese steak and Italian specials with banana peppers. The bread is just awesome -- chewy and moist. Tons of meat and cheese -- everything is fresh. I used to work nearby and would go there once a week to treat myself. Bonus points for being a funky old 40's diner.
5	Peppi's 1, Pep Boys 0.This place has some of the best subs in Western PA, especially the delicious and appropriately named Roethlisburger, my favourite! Yum!Well, well, well. Long before I was ever officially into food and having friends and local fans of my music pick out where I was supposed to eat in any given town I was visiting, I knew about Peppi's. That was because I was once watching the Steelers on a given Sunday (during their famous Cowher Superbowl Winning Run I think), and I saw a special on this little sandwich place making a Roethlisburger. It seemed like they put everthing imaginable on it "plus an egg". The "plus an egg" thing intrigued me, so when I finally made it to Pitt, I gave it a try.Plus an egg indeed! My word! It's actually spicy minced sausage (greasy as hell) with all sorts of goodies on it.... er... "plus an egg". It helps that these folks are some of the friendliest people you'll find. The Strip District folks asked for a signed CD and gave me a free Roethlisburger in return. The Downtown location gave me a free portion of fries because I had to wait about 30 seconds longer than they said I would have to wait. So really, whether you're looking for good service or good sub sandwiches (is that really a choice?), Peppi's is a great selection. I'm sure a lot of their other food is good too, but anyone that names a sandwich after the local hero and my favourite (joint) QB, is going to get my business, and since that sandwich is so delicious, it's the only thing I've ever ordered since I started going there
2	The food is pretty good, however, it is pretty greasy. Also, the diner isn't exactly cleanly. I noticed massive amounts of grease on the walls around the grill area....gross!
2	The food is pretty good, however, it is pretty greasy. Also, the diner isn't exactly cleanly. I noticed massive amounts of grease on the walls around the grill area....gross!
4	My First PeppiI have lived in the Pittsburgh, Burgh, D' burgh, you know an I hope you get it. Anywho, like the title of this review states. This is my first Peppi's experience. We got take out today, so this review will not reach to the decor vector.Today, Big Jim, #Nickdoinbigthings, and DJ (aka, sakk) were all plotting our next move in the take down of the new kitchen hood system for our new Sandwich Shop, SpitfireZ. I know shameless plug but, I am reviewing what you would call a competitor. Again i ramble now to the hoagie.The order was 4 Sicilian Italian's, and a Cheese Steak. The Sicilian is a typical Italian hoagie with extra Cappricola. The hoagie was not the best Italian hoagie I ever ate but was great 2 high quality for the price. The biggest quality of Peppi's is the price, FANTASTIC PRICES. Great hoagie for great price. I have know Idea how the Steak and Cheese was, for I am not a big Steak & Cheese. But I heard no complaints. I will be back to Peppi's on a regular basis, on my regular trips to the city.JEDI APPROVED
5	You know that old saying? "Opinions are like butt holes, everyone has one." Well it's defiantly true of Peppi's. Some people hate it. Some people love it. I am a part of the later group. Peppi's is a Pittsburgh institution that unlike Primanti's hasn't sold out yet. This location is in a old diner and is rather divey but, who cares? Their food is as great as ever. F.Y.I. There is a small parking lot in the back. On this particular visit we all got cheese steaks to go. My wife and I both got New Yorker's. (steak hoagie with provolone and American cheeses, grilled onions and bacon and we added mushrooms). Our daughter got a regular cheese steak. Ten minutes later we were on our way. After smelling our hoagies during the whole torturous ride home we destroyed them as soon as we hit the door!They were just as good as ever! We all tried to eat just half but, the other half keep calling us so we put them out of their misery and eat the whole thing.
4	Enormous sandwiches, delicious fries. We'd heard about the "Rothlisburger" from a friend who didn't even live in the city. Not brave enough to try it yet, but the Butcher (chicken) was fabulous. Definitely will be coming back!
4	Came in close to closing time and they served me with a smile..tasty perfectly done large cheese steak sandwich with mushrooms on an awesome bun. So glad I gave up being a vegetarian ! The location was where Charlie's used to be... If they just served breakfast and Charlie's homemade corned beef hash I would have given them higher than 5 stars!!!!
