5	The best food and care products for your pet doesn't always mean expensive! At Pet Planet, we work hard to provide the best possible everyday prices on quality pet food, supplies and services. We are dedicated to finding you excellent value without compromising customer service.Everyday Low Prices - Pet Planet strives to offer our customers low prices, consistently, everyday. We have value you can rely on, and even more ways to save;Everyday Offers    5% off canned food when you purchase 12 or more cans    10% off cat litter with a dry cat food purchase    10% off Treat Table purchases when you buy 12 of one kind of treat    10% off shavings with purchase of small animal food    Frequent Feeder Program on most pet foods - buy 12 get 1 free    Nail Clip Club in our grooming shops - earn a free nail trim for every 5 purchased    Frequent Self Washer - earn a free self wash for every 5 purchased!    New Puppy/Kitten Program is part of Pet Planet's commitment to responsible pet acquisition and adoption. This offer is also honored for new pets from shelters (regardless of their age)Enjoy our FREE Reward Program    Designed to save you even more    It's free for you to join    You will save up to 8% on all food & accessories    You do not have to worry about carrying a card and your privacy is protected at Pet Planet.Smoked Bone TuesdayTreat your dog to a delicious and fun all natural smoked bone on sale every Tuesday!    They freeze well - stock up for the week    Filled with nutritious natural marrow    Little dogs and fussy eaters love them too (Small size bones only; we recommend treating your dog to his bone outside or on a non staining floor surface such as linoleum.)Free Biscuit Friday(Size and brand of biscuit may vary)Let us treat your dog to a biscuit!    Start the weekend right! If you shop with your pet on Fridays, receive a free bag of biscuits    No purchase necessary    A great treat on the way to or from the parkSenior SundayOur senior customers receive special discounts every Sunday!    10% off all merchandise except pet food    $1.00 off selected dog or cat food purchases up to 20 lbs    $2.00 off selected dog or cat food purchases 21 lbs and overWe are pleased to offer this special discount to customers 60 years of age and over. Some restrictions apply, ask your Pet Planet Ambassador for details.Price Matching PolicyAt Pet Planet, we strive to provide our customers the lowest price possible. If you know of a lower advertised priced, for an identical item at another store, let us know and we will happily match that price once it is confirmed.
5	This location opened up just 3 weeks ago, and offers high quality, natural products for mainly cats and dogs, although there is a very basic small animal section.  The emphasis is on foods that are more nutritious, healthier, and that don't have corn or soy in them. There is a large freezer section in the back with a good selection of raw food meals.  Also, there is a plethora of treats and toys for your furry friend as well.  The small animal foods section has a few small bags of hay, some treats, pellets, and toys.  I wasn't too impressed with their rabbit selection, and they did not offer high quality brands such as Oxbow which is a bit surprising since they have so many high quality dog and cat products.Jill, the manager, was very enthusiastic and is very passionate about providing the best products for pets.  She showed me various treats, foods, and toys, and provided a lot of educational material on dog nutrition and health.  She provided a free sample of some nice grain-free dry dog kibble which is highly recommended on dogfoodadvisor.com, which I appreciated a lot since my dog is a bit picky with the food he eats.  This is definitely a place to go to spoil and pamper your dog or cat!
5	I dropped in here because they were the newest business in the Sprouts plaza that I shop at pretty regularly. I've bought several things here already: leash, harness, paleo cat food, catnip spray, and carriers. Whew! All the employees that I have interacted with have been really nice. My latest purchase was the carrier and they only had one in stock, but I wanted two. So the manager/owner ordered one right away for me. She even gave me a coupon to use for 25% off for the grand opening celebration which was really nice of her to do for such a big ticket item.They also have a self service dog wash room in the back which would be pretty cool if I had dogs.
5	I love Pet Planet!  My boyfriend stumbled upon a different location during it's grand opening and came home with a bunch of freebies for our dogs.  That was an exciting day ;-)  Since then we have been shopping for food at Pet Planet exclusively!  It's affordable and they have a buy 12 get 1 free food bag promo.  (As an aside, make sure you give them correct phone number at the outset and make them repeat it.  We had an issue with one digit being off and now it's a pain in our behinds to ensure that the bags are tracked correctly as we have 2 accounts now.  It looks like they will be honoring both accounts for us, though.)  Anyway, I love that place.  They always have nice healthy snacks for pets, all sorts of promos for every day of the week, and the staff are always super friendly!  I went there a couple of times on my own and they always offered to carry the dog food bag out to my car.Oh, and there is one filtered review on yelp.com about a dog tags issue.  I have NO idea what that girl is talking about.  We did our free dog tag promo and they made the dog tags right there in the store while we waited!  They even re-did one because the font came out too small, and I did not have to pay a cent for it.Overall, a great place to shop.  I just hope they never run out of the dog food that we like, otherwise I will have to order it online :-(
5	I love Pet Planet as a company! I used to work here and even when I moved on to a different job, I still continue to buy my dog's food here for specific reasons. 1.) All the brands of food they sell are holistic and I know I'm feeding my dog the best. (There are a few lower end like Eagle Pack, etc. but are still okay).2.) The bones they sell are smoked, not cooked (won't splinter)3.) Their prices are comparable to most holistic places.Cons: Products are not always stocked, bully sticks keep going up in price every time I go in it seems, and frozen products are ice burned a lot of the time.BUT I support their mission and enjoy most of the products!
5	Pet planet is a great company. They promote health and well being for animals and do not sell companies that supply cheap, crappy food. They have dry food, canned, raw food and ice cream for dogs. Treats too for cats and dogs. There is also some supplies for small animals. The workers are always well informed and they have small deals on certain days on the week. And have samplers of dry foods.
