5	This place used to be called The German Corner.  I am not clear if it is under new ownership as the restaurant did close for a while and then opened with a new name.I went here for the first time last Friday and I was very  surprised at how empty it was.  This is great for me because I really don't like crowds, but it is not so good because I want this place to remain open!  We went during happy hour when they have $2.50 drafts of good German beer.  They also have discounts on mixed drinks, wines and bottle import beers.  All of the appetizers are also half off.  We got a couple of sampler platters and sandwiches and were very satisfied with the food.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I have been back since for lunch and the experience was just as good.  They have specials daily that are always well priced.  The food is very tasty and filling and they have a lot of things that I cannot wait to try.  If you go with someone who is not as adventurous they do have a burger, which my boyfriend got and said was tasty.I like the fact that the dining room is dim, cool and has no windows.  It really creates a nice cozy atmosphere where you might forget that you are in the middle of the desert and when you walk out the door your face is going to melt off.
3	Friday night happy hour, you can get domestic drafts for $2.50 and imports (think nummy yummy German beer) for $3.50.
3	After being seated at the bar (our choice), the owner walked over and introduced himself and told us about the restaurant and a little about the chef.  He told us to let him know if we needed anything.  Very welcoming and a nice touch!  My plate, the Jaeger Schnitzel with spaetzle and vegetables on the side, was incredible.  I tasted the Schweinebraten with red cabbage and that was just as good.  For beer, I'd recommend the Warsteiner Dunkel.  Dark beers normally are too bitter and give me headache the next morning but it was really smooth and complemented the food well.  (Plus, no headache the next day!)There were only a couple of things that could probably be improved on.  First, after being seated, we waited for awhile.  The server at the bar admitted to have forgotten about us and getting our drink orders.  Second, the Black Forest Cake that was recommended to us looked nice but it tasted like it was bought from the refrigerated section of a grocery store; we didn't finish it.Overall I was really satisfied with the food and the atmosphere.  I'll probably head back during Oktoberfest!
4	Definitely a 4-star food experience for me...as it is a German place...you gotta ask yourself if you like German food...I lucked in during happy hours so saved a bunch of mullah while enjoying the tasty draft and excellent bar foodReasons to go back:(1)  Smoked Salmon Rosti --- a tasty potato pancake topped with more smoked salmon than I could shake a stick at...and the slightly sweet & tangy horseradish sauce just put it over the top for me... (2)  $2.50 for 17 oz of tasty draft(3)  Darn good Bratwurt and the crunchiest most well seasoned fries that I've come across in a long long timeAnd it was a friendly crowd to bootMy only disappointment was the absence of my favorite german dish from the menu...how can anyone not like deep fried pig's knuckle?...it's ummmm good
4	I just love me some sausage! This place has the thickest yummiest sausage in the valley! I would have given 5 stars if there bread wasnt so bad. The seating is very comfortable.. the wait staff very friendly and Hefeweizen on tap! Ach Hlle klar!
4	A real German Gasthaus experience: imported German beers on tap and  authentic German food. What keeps me coming back is their happy hour,  when you can have a couple pints of great beer and a light meal for a tab of around $10-$15! Currywurst (a sausage with a mildly spicy curry sauce and fries) is my favorite, but the smoked salmon rosti is wonderful. And where else will you find koelsch (the city beer of Koeln (Cologne) on tap?
4	The service was good.The atmosphere was a bit loud, but there was a polka band playing not too far away from our table :)The food was great!The sausage sampler was excellentThe Jaegar schnitzel was DELICIOUSThe spaetzal was amazing, plentiful, and cooked al dente (just the way I like it!)The gulash was also very good (however we all thought that the meat was a bit tough for a gulash and could have been tender-er)Beer selection was niceDesserts were decidedly not German, well, some of them were.We ordered the creme brulee, and the Milka chocolate lava cake.The cake was AWESOMEThe creme brulee... eh... not so much.  The top wasn't even crisp.  I guess thats what we get for ordereing a French dessert at a German restaurant :)All in all, I'd go back!
3	We went there on one of the nights they had the "Das Boot" festival so I think they were a little overwhelmed.We had a different person seat us, bring us bread, take our order, bring our salads, fill our drinks, bring our dinners, and give us our check.  Service was okay but confusing,  seriously there were 6 or more people who came to out table at one time during the night.We had two types of schnitzels and two salads, everything was very good.  Spaetzel seemed a little off, drier than what I think it should be like.    Ordered a side of potato salad and it was the tastiest item we had all night.   Very good German beers on tap, as you might expect.They had live music but it the place is set up a little odd so only a few tables could see the person playing the music, some tables are in the other room completely.This place is pretty close to me so I'll make my way back sometime soon and see what the place is like on a regular night.
4	We went here today to watch the final game of the Euro Cup, Germany against Spain... unfortunately Spain won and Germany didn't score any goals.  I would have liked to see the crowd get out of control. It was packed, and we found a table but couldn't see the game and we wanted to eat... so after looking around, I found a corner that our table would fit in perfectly. We would be able to see the game and wouldn't be blocking anyone else, and I asked if we could move and they said yes!  That definitely scored points for them..BECAUSE we missed the first half of the game!!!!  They had dish network and none of the channels were working!  It was soooooo annoying.  We ordered and ate and kept calling my mom and grandma who were giving us updates so we could update everyone else too. We had a pretzel with beer cheese sauce and a brat burger, two bloody mary's, creme brulee and apple strudel.  The pretzel was fantastic, perfect, and we had plenty of left over cheese sauce for dipping fries and our brat burger in!  Gary really liked the brat burger, it was just okay to me.  He also really liked his two bloody mary's, I never liked them so I had a sip and drank a lot of water after that sip.Our dessert was good. It came with real whipped cream so that was nice. Gary is telling me from the kitchen to say the creme brulee was not the best but it was really good, he said it was done right.  He also wants to make sure everyone knows that he was very happy with the generous portion of cheese sauce.  He hates it when he has left over food and no more dipping sauces.Gary is also German so he fit right in, ha!  We had been here before when it was the German Corner.  His family used to travel from Gilbert just to buy the meats in the German grocery store, and today it looked it like it wasn't there anymore.  I don't really like head cheese so I wasn't dying to go in there... but I didn't notice a door leading to the store anymore.I definitely want to go back, when there is a polka band!
1	Just went there last week for the first, and last, time.  I read the good reviews, so I was expecting much more.  I am a first generation American; both my parents were German and came over in their 20's.  I lived there for a few years, have eaten German food all my life, and have been to many German restaurants in many different states over the years.  I really wanted to like this place, as there are not many German establishments around here, but this place was terrible!  We were the only people in the place at 2pm, and still had horrible service.  ???  We were ignored much of the time and then when the waitress did come, she would forget things we had asked her for.  The waitress didn't understand German, as in the German MENU options, so I ordered from the menu using the English translations, and she was still confused. I had to POINT at the options.  YES, there really is CUCUMBER salad on the menu.  The bread was stale, the schnitzel was hard, there was a hair in my cucumber salad and my potato pancakes were just ...disgusting.  They also gave me fries instead of the usual sides????  I am guessing that they just reheated leftovers from the dinner the night before, because that is exactly what it tasted like.  Plus, I actually got charged the wrong prices - like lunch salad was 3.50, but showed up on my bill as 5.00, etc.  I was too frustrated to even bring it up and just left, disappointed.  Waste of time and money, I will not return.  Maybe at dinner time things are better, but DO NOT EVEN TRY THE LUNCH!  Yuck.
3	This is a fun place to go, especially with a group. My first experience was wonderful. There were about twelve of us and we were seated up near the dance floor where we had a view of the people dancing to the polka music and ate lots of sausages! For $22, you can a huge glass boot of beer. 68 oz. I believe. My more recent trip was still loads of fun, but a bit disappointing. We had a group of seven and couldn't sit near the dance floor. In fact no one was seated at those tables. It was empty, except for a couple of dancers. There was a huge group of thirty at another table, and they were using all of the menus, so we had to share one menu between the seven of us. Three of us ordered the same wine by the glass, but when the bill came, we were overcharged by $1.50 per glass. We pointed it out to the waiter, but he said that's how much the wine is. He brought us a wine list to show us, but that wine list had completely different prices than the one we looked at when we ordered. I'm thinking that we may have gotten a hold of one of their older drink menus. It was a little upsetting that it was three against one, and he didn't believe us. He was a good server otherwise though and was working hard, so we let it slide. It wasn't so much the money, but the principal of it.I do recommend this place though. You have to go at least once just to experience the fabulous decor, the accordion music, and the older folks dancing the polka.
1	07/09/2008  Just went there last week for the first, and last, time.  I read the good reviews, so I was expecting much more.  I am a first generation American; both my parents were German and came over in their 20's.  I lived there for a few years, have eaten German food all my life, and have been to many German restaurants in many different states over the years.  I really wanted to like this place, as there are not many German establishments around here, but this place was terrible!  We were the only people in the place at 2pm, and still had horrible service.  ???  We were ignored much of the time and then when the waitress did come, she would forget things we had asked her for.  The waitress didn't understand German, as in the German MENU options, so I ordered from the menu using the English translations, and she was still confused. I had to POINT at the options.  YES, there really is CUCUMBER salad on the menu.  The bread was stale, the schnitzel was hard, there was a hair in my cucumber salad and my potato pancakes were just ...disgusting.  They also gave me fries instead of the usual sides????  I am guessing that they just reheated leftovers from the dinner the night before, because that is exactly what it tasted like.  Plus, I actually got charged the wrong prices - like lunch salad was 3.50, but showed up on my bill as 5.00, etc.  I was too frustrated to even bring it up and just left, disappointed.  Waste of time and money, I will not return.  Maybe at dinner time things are better, but DO NOT EVEN TRY THE LUNCH!  Yuck.Oh, and the website is outdated- wrong prices and discontinued menu items.
4	If you're hungry, then the Black Forest Mill is for you. Just by its nature, German food is filling (think that feeling after your Thanksgiving meal!) I made the horrific mistake of ordering too much food the first time I went with friends. We ordered appetizers of potato pancakes and sausage and sauerkraut. I had saurbrauten which was incredible. The second time I was there I had goulash as my main entree, the goulash was way too salty. I would have loved it had they cut down on the salt. The red cabbage was so good and sweet as was the sauerkraut. I also enjoyed the cherry's jubilees crepe with vanilla ice cream for dessert. Unfortunately, the young woman that was serving us both times wasn't very good. It detracted from the meal and some folks weren't that anxious to go back.  If you can deal with a server that isn't very receptive and is consistently slow, you will be rewarded with some authentic German food (which I think is hard to find in Phoenix.) Prices seemed in line for what was offered and they had German music and dancing on the weekends. The bar was packed both times I was there. I'm guessing they have a good happy hour.
3	Although I am German, I do not like all German food, and rarely have I ever had any item in a German restaurant that can even approach my Oma's cooking. Read: I'm a tough customer. Hubby wanted to try someplace new for lunch today, and handed me the recently published New Times Best of Phoenix. After thumbing through the food section, and not really seeing anything that totally jumped out at me, I suggested Black Forest Mill, their "Best German Restaurant" recipient. The bar had a few rowdies in it at 3:00 in the afternoon, even a few in lederhosen. We were almost the only ones in the dining room, so I'm not sure why our service was so slow. We ordered beers on tap. Hubby's dunkel (dark beer) was smooth and tasty. I had the Hefeweisen, and I've had better. We ordered a pretzel as an app, and it came hot, with a hot and yummy beer/cheese dipping sauce. It was not any different than the pretzels we get at Rosie McCaffrey's or pretty much anywhere else, besides the Old Heidelberg Bakery. I really expected something housemade rather than from the freezer.Our lunches were both really hearty. I had the wiener schnitzel (veal patties) with lemon garnish and really good and crispy french fries, (which were definitely closer to pomme frites than regular fries). Hubby had the sausage sampler, which is really more sausage than any human should eat in one sitting. They did not bring out the same variety they had advertised on the menu, which disappointed me, since what was missing was one of my childhood favorites- weisswurst. The Knackwurst was mighty tasty, however. His sides were just adequate- boiled potatoes and caraway laden sauerkraut. They brought out a basket of bread, which contained seedless rye and pumpernickel. I've had better rye, but the pumpernickel was quite tasty.All in all, it was just OK. We'll keep looking for a German restaurant that makes something that really reminds me of home.
5	I LOVE their Oktoberfest! I'm gonna have to check out this place more often! I don't really know German food - but the brats I had were delicious.
3	Lived here most of my life and I'd never been inside this building before. I always meant to go - I must've driven past this building over 1000 times. I stopped by this afternoon just to finally check it out. They had just opened, so it was deserted. It's a cool building... it's bigger than I thought it would be even though it looks huge from the outside. The decor is cool and authentic-ish. It could use a paint job, and it's pretty dated though. It still has a really dope layout - it just needs a makeover.The staff was young and nice. Since I've only been here once, I don't feel qualified to write a totally legit review. This will have to serve as a first impression until I go a few more times. I'd like to see it when it's busy. The staff told me it gets pretty crowded.This place has large glasses for beer - if I liked beer, I might be more personally excited about that. I'd definitely take a beer lover here. I had a chicken caesar salad which had way too much dressing on it (in spite of me asking for "easy on the dressing"), but which was otherwise pretty good. Next time, I'm asking for dressing on the side. I know I should've tried some sort of sausage thing here, but I just wasn't in the mood. Next time. Like I said, I'm going to revise my review after I go here a few more times. I have a good feeling about it though.
4	I don't know how anyone can hate on a place that serves beer out of a glass boot.I have only been here once on a Friday, but I have some friends that come here on a weekly basis. They have an amazing band that plays on Friday, and it is so much fun to go, grab a drink and hang out on the dance floor.
3	I decided to try this place instead of my usual German restaurant, Haus Murphys. First impressions. Looks like a typical German Restaurant. Long bench tables, red and white table cloths, beer mugs on tables, etc. They put themselves down in my book once they told me they didn't have my favorite beer, Spaten Optimator, and then my back-up beer, Warsteiner Dunkel was also out. The menu offered standard German fare, brats, schnitzels, saurbraten, etc. The food is a touch over priced, the service was adequate. I'd recommend Haus Murphy's over this place if you don't mind driving to Glendale.
5	Didn't go for the food, went to celebrate a birthday tradition with 'da boot'!This place was awesome! You felt like you were at a friends house letting loose while dancing to the live music from the awesome band. The atmosphere was low key with cool people which we really liked.The bar was small, but they have a big section that turns into a dance floor, with some comfy cushion I might add.We will be back next year, so bring on 'da boot'
3	Oh, mein Gott... vere to shtart?If you vant to git tenked, kawm heeya. Mein friend ordert unt Hefeweizen end gut a long, tall gless det held a pint... DAT VAS JOOST FOOR HEEMSELV!Der German food, I doont like so mawch. Too hivy end too mawch vid da meats. Isht too mawch fur me de brats, de schnitzels, und also de saurbraten. Isht too mawch expensif bisides. Der bawr isht too shmawll ven de peeple kawn liter awn int de nite. Dere's no room to efin stend vithaut bawmpeen sumvawn. I VANT ROOM TO DENSE INT DIS PLESS!!!Sree stawz only fur de beeya. Eef eet vasnt fur de beeya, I'te gif dis pless two staws fur der food. Evrywan shute kawm chick dis pless aut awn der veekends ven der heepster kinders tun diss pless into a discotek. Isht reel fawn, ya?
1	I'd never heard of this place, but when last night on Saturday hipster dance party night not knowing what to expect. Here's the scene: a sprawling German restaurant with a dance floor (Why? I have no idea), a pool table and a maze of wood-paneled rooms that reminded me of an Elks Lodge. Inside: about 4,000 sweaty indie rock kids "sloshed" on 25-cent well drinks. The bar was nine deep in an effort to stock up on this "deal," which was really a lame excuse for a non-pour by the bartenders. When I order a gin and tonic and they use the crappiest gin in the place, I expect to at least get half a shot of alcohol. Not so. There was about four drips of gin and a swimming pool of tonic in there. I could have had 12 of them and not felt a thing. Good thing I only spent $1. To be honest, I'm not sure what the draw is of this place. Perhaps I should go back when it's in restaurant mode and eat some sausage, but the dance rock night is total lameness. Next time someone wants to hear crappy techno in an uncomfortable environment I'll recommend this place.
3	You know, I've never been to the Black Forest Mill in the light of day, so my review has nothing to do with its food. As far as I know, it's a bar. A bar with weird specials, a general feeling of "every day is an EVENT!" and a pretty good DJ rotation. Saturday night here is sort of like... the real owner went out of town, left his college-age son in charge, and he used the space to throw a party. Except, it got out of hand right quick and friends of friends of friends started showing up until no one really knew who anyone was. The crowd is pretty mixed here. But that's always fun. I wouldn't go unless with a group of friends. But I guess that's part of the problem. This place gets stupidly packed, especially around the bar area. It can take a while to get a drink. Like, 15 minutes plus. That's a long time to wait for a hotel-bathroom clear plastic cup. The bartenders seemed to be working hard for the most part, but for the volume this place brings in, another body or two behind the counter certainly wouldn't hurt. Some bar efficiency, less complex drink specials (how about no cover, and we just pay for drinks like usual?) and better quality drinks (I know it's a quarter, but it took longer for me to get it than to drink it) would bump BFM to a solid 4-star. I will certainly be back, though.Highlight: Get your German hefe served the way it's supposed to be: a giant shoe.
3	The food is overpriced, but very good. Not quite what Oma used to cook, but german foods vary by region. The brats come from next door, the German Sausage Company, and are excellent. Service was slow but friendly. The restaurant portion of the business is a little dark, and needs a few touches to make it authentic, but overall a good experience.
4	i have not eaten at blackmill, but i love to party here.. i'm not gonna lie, i do not like the music, but after some drinks, who cares! its just got a great vibe and wonderful service behind the bar.. check it out.
3	We went here for dinner after friends recommended it. It was somewhat decent food and my friend got the "boot" of beer, which no matter how you drink it, is just funny. Then we were informed that the place becomes "a euro style club" at like 9 p.m.. That quote alone is funny right. We didn't stick around for the club, but something tells me is was better than the food and worse than the beer. Not going back, but fun while it lasted!
4	Oh bejesus, I have some stories from this place! This place is strange, crazy, oh so many things...I confess I have never eaten here except beer cheese which I think was good(too drunk to remember). Most of the time I get drunken blitzed crazy here, dance my a$$ off, and leave my credit card at the bar...This place has changed pretty dramatically since when I first started going. They used to have some good live funk cover band on Saturdays, then they switched to a not so good funk cover band, and now its some crazy techno raver freaky shi...Hmm I just don't think I like it as much anymore, I can't get down like that til 4 am anymore. The bartenders I used to love are gone and now there is Scottsdale snob boob job chick, dumb-as-rocks frat bro, and weird ambiguous raver boytoy behind the bar. Last time, Raver boytoy had jeans torn all the way up his a$$ and then changed after an hour to black patent booty shorts, freAKY-DI bondage shirt, and heavy black eyeliner. To say the least I was beside myself with laughter, but I knew I had to get out of there, everyone started morphing into Fear and Loathing-type creatures.....Ok but here's the rundown: great German beers served up in awesomely large glasses if you prefer and decent alcohol selection, large dance floor, good music occasionally, really great owner and wife team....PS if you take someone special back in the pitch-black mysterious tables of the restaurant area, there is this red exit light shining like a beacon, pull the curtains around your table, lay back into each other, savor this moment of absolute zen and completely let go....you just might just discover who you really are...
4	Saturday night and I was going to turn in early (well, early for me), but this was on the way home and I'd never been so my friends easily convinced me.  I never realized this place was so hoppin' at night.  Actually, I never really noticed this place at all.  There were a lot of hipster types and people with great personal style.  It was very hard to differentiate between the gay guys and the straight guys.  Usually, the straight guys don't know how to dress so it's easy to tell them apart, no offense straight guys.  Can you tell that I really enjoy it when people express themselves through their clothes?  Plus, it made for a fun game with my two gay companions.  There was a cute guy at the end of the bar and I just couldn't figure out who he'd be into more.  I decided to go find out, but as I approached him I notice he had one of those rings in his nose like a bull would have.  Maybe this is wrong, but that freaked me out and my internal voice screamed abort, abort!  It's sad how something so trivial can be a deal breaker.  I'm just not into anything that hangs out with snot.    Anyway, the place is split into sections with a bar on one side and a dance floor on the other.  The bar is against one wall and there is a flat screen streaming live video of the dance floor.  The bartenders were really great, and might I add partially naked.  I like a little eye candy with my vodka.  It was also pretty cheap compared to what I'm used to paying for Kettle One.  It was about $6 instead of $10.  It was a weird combination of neighborhood bar meets Scottsdale dance club.  I spent most of the night in the bar, but did find myself dancing to a few songs.  While surrounded by gyrating green laser beams, I spotted Mr. Nose Ring and decided that he would probably not be into me based on the way he was dancing.  I really need to stop making assumptions about people.  There could be a straight man out there who both knows how to dress and how to dance.  I hear they also have live bands.  I'm not sure what vibe this place gave me, but it was different than my usual scene and I liked that.  It had sort of an underground, Euro hip, 1960's parent's basement, sneakers with dresses, member's only jacket, ambiguous looking males, 90's rave, and Cheers feel all combined into one.  Does that help paint a picture?  Did that even make sense?
3	I've been here several times but only tried the food once. I'm no expert, but when I was in Germany I remember liking the food and here it was just kind of blah. I'm not a polka fan either so I didn't like the band that played during dinner. However, I really liked the band that played later in the evening on the weekends. I don't know if they still play since I haven't been here in a year.  They used to play motown and oldies and it was fun to dance to, and was a nice change compared to the music other bars/clubs play. After you go a few times you'll realize that they sing the same songs week after week so it got old really fast. It was fun at the time though!
3	So you're trying to hit the Vig for happy hour, in the rain, on a Friday night, but it's packed - what is the obvious next choice? Probably not Black Forest Mill. Somehow we ended up there, probably something to do with one of our party being particularly keen on das boot. Too bad for him, The Man says they can't serve it anymore. Black Forest Mill is a German bar, in case you didn't catch the hint from the giant German Sausage Company sign on the attached store, the servers in the most ridiculous German dirndl that does not cover nay their bust nay their bottom (possibly a plus for some), and the exclusive selection of German beers.  Happy hour lasts until 7 - $3.50 German beers. I was not thrilled by any of the beers, but I'd consider the Dunkle the best of the bunch. I did not care for the Hef.  The bar food was nothing special (I did not try their full menu items). The pretzel was tasty but the beer cheese was no better than melted Kraft cheddar, edible but very uninspiring. Fries are typical, the sausage platter was actually pretty good and probably the best thing to order if you are looking for some more traditional fare. The service isn't particularly good - our bills got mixed up, it took forever to get our fries, and you could sit at the bar with an empty glass for far too much time. The best part of BFM was definitely the music. Where else can you see a cute old man name Bill, play fun Polka music on the accordion and keyboard? He's a real one man band and the highlight of my night. He plays the evening show, ending before 10pm. On Friday and Saturday  they have music all night. The Friday night band is great, and play soulful music/motown and covers (note: not very German). They are actually very good and fun, and lots of people dance. This would not be my first choice for happy hour, dinner, or a night out, but it has potential to be a lot of fun if you come with friends and order lots of beer.
4	I like the Black Forest Mill on Saturday nights when it turns into an all night party. The music is great, a bit on the electro side, but if you're into that it's fabulous :) It's a pretty laid back joint and different from it's close Scottsdale counter Saturday night hang outs. This is a great place to grab a few friends and have a fun and casual night out. I enjoy it :)
3	After going to Black Forest Mill, I've tried out a total of four German restaurants with the others being in San Francisco and San Diego.  I'm not a German food expert but I have a nice variety to make some  comparisons and Black Forest Mill was by far my least favorite or had a notch below in quality to what I've tried.  The beers were very good and were really rock solid.  I can imagine many people just coming for the drinks while listening to the music during the lively evenings.  I had the Rheinischer Sauerbraten which is a prime sirloin marinated in wine and vinegar for 10 days.  The tenderness of the sirloin was great and you could certainly tell that they've marinated it for a considerable amount of time.  The downfall was that they added an absurd amount of sweet & sour raisin sauce on top and it almost felt like there was just as much sauce as there was meat on the platter.  The apple red cabbage was a nice tangy sweet flavor but the spaetzle was dull and seemed like they took frozen spaetzle and just reboiled it up quickly and slopped it on the platter.  Black Forest Mill had a lot of hit and miss German food experiences.  If I had to go again, I would certainly try their schitzel because they had like almost 10 varieties.  They were voted "Best of Phoenix German Food" in 2007 and 2008.  But looks like 2009 or 2010 wasn't in the cards.
3	I visited this place and had a party of 22. I called to make sure they could handle the volume of people a few days ahead of time and was assured that they could. I will start off by saying the food was good overall, the service we got from the single waitress was as good as expected. I was not happy that they seemed to be understaffed on a Friday night with a reservation being made. I have started a group to get together about once a month and try new places for new experiences. This was the first of many of these trips and hope they will continue to grow. I ordered and split the sampler platter with my partner and all the food contained on that big plate was GOOD!!.... Over-all the experience was pretty good and I will go back but next time I will request that we have at least 2 waitresses( 1 per 10 people min.). I think some sales of Beer suffered due to not having enough staff. The group was pleased with the food quality with a few exceptions which is normal. This visit was also to compare to another restaurant (German) in Glendale. Overall I would say the food quality was equal... very similar... portions are bigger at the other place....lol...   The price was about what I expected to pay. I will note some of the things I was really impressed with..... They were willing to separate our tabs and there was no 18% gratuity auto added to the bill. I think our waitress done well with the tips that night.... even better than 18%. Final note: I will try this place again.... maybe not the best place for a huge group... would be better with groups of 10 or less. Anna was our waitress and she was pretty awesome and done a great job... but at times we felt sorry for her.... she could have used some help. This would normally have been a 4 star but due to not staffing properly they lose 1 star.
3	I am reviewing this place solely on the Saturday night dance night, Cheap Thrills. I have yet to eat here and really do want to try it out. First off, the beer selection is awesome! I had 3 Dunkels in big barrel glasses, the price is very fair and the beer was great! The bartenders are very fast even when the bar is jam packed! The dance/music portion is highly disappointing. Cheap Thrills is supposed to be a combination of Shake DJ's and Party Foul... I was excited, as I love DJ William Reed and Jared Allen. Unfortunately William never took to the decks, and I was there from 11 till 2ish. The kids who were up there played terrible trance techno type stuff that was undancable and I felt like I was at a rave in someones basement and needed a pair of glow sticks. I was really looking forward to hearing some old Shake music in the mix, it never happened. Maybe this dance night is no longer a collaboration of the two, as William never spun that night. I dunno. I should add, that my taste in music is pretty terrible. Give me some Q Lazzarus, Yaz, Motely Crue, or Prince and I am a happy girl.I most likely wont be going back for this dance night, but I will be going back to try the food out and have a few more Dunkels
4	The bar is dark and the ceilings are low.  The beer is strong and the music is loud.  For some reason EVERY time I go here, I have a fantastic night!  The live music ranges from crap to pretty good... but the vibe is always there.  People are dancing, milling around, smoking out back or playing Foosball (at least they used to).Not everyone loves this bar, but if you can make your own fun... it's a great bar to have a session.
4	BFM, in its amorphous identity, seems to now be a venue. I recently saw Yacht and Washed Out perform here. There was no cover (we purchased tickets ahead of time) and I was pleased to see that getting a drink at the bar was no longer a thirty minute bartering process. Franziskaner and Optimator on tap (although no more boots?! Who ruined it for the rest of us?) and more efficient servers behind the counter were great to see. It's such a weird ass, unique place. I love it.
4	Black Forest Mill is NOW OPEN. I, along with 7 other family members, gathered there last night for a delicious meal. The entertainment stimulated the mood. Our server was VERY patient and courteous with our large group. The food was absolutely  delightful. We each sampled the other's selection and all agreed each dish was savory and unique. I would have given this a 5 STAR rating. However, there is one thing that is preventing that. And that is, they do not offer any domestic beer choices. With having a borderline gluten allergy, I can only tolerate a Miller Lite or a Miller 64. With everyone feeling festive and enjoying beers last night, I went ahead and drank a JEVER. Waking up this morning with welts just reminded me that I can not go back to Black Forest Mill if drinking will be in the equation. I still highly suggest this restaurant if you are yearning for some real german cuisine.
