5	Wow!  Just been to the re-opening of the National Portrait Gallery and, I have to say, I was impressed beyond expectation.It's a great space, that has been refurbished sympathetically - which means the building is as wonderful to look at as the artworks in the many new galleries.The galleries themselves have a variety of themes - we didn't get a chance to look at them all tonight but it's such a great environment, even He Who Hates Art Galleries wants to go back!Apparently, the refurbishment came in on time and on budget - I had to swallow the desire to yell out "put that project manager in charge of the trams!" - but the second speaker got to that joke before anyone yelled anything impolite.  For an art gallery opening, the speeches were wonderfully short, entertaining and well-researched.  Having been to a very large number of such things, I was truly impressed by this as much as the gallery itself!I will definitely be going back to visit - even He Who May Not Hate Art Galleries got in quickly with "I'll go with you".....which is high praise indeed...!
5	Great place for a lazy wander on a Sunday afternoon. The newly refurbished gallery delivers the perfect canvas on which to present some of the best works of art in  the UK. There really is something for everyone here and I love the way the gallery space unfolds from images of the schemes of Glasgow to portraits of the long dead landed gentry of Scotland. Top marks all round.
4	Portraits are important.When this Gothic sandstone masterpiece was build in 1889 it was the first purpose built Portrait Gallery in the world. A triumph of architecture and a glittering badge of Edinburgh's style. The building, I'm sure, was as inspiring as the purpose for it being there, which was to celebrate and conserve works of art (mostly) concerned with national identity and heritage. An excellent building and an excellent purpose, but zap forward 120 years and it was all a bit, well, tired really.Cue multimillion pound restoration and conservation. A restoration which, ticks all the boxes as far as I'm concerned. More works on show, more light, more spacious and a 21st century infrastructure.You enter into the foyer which is worth a 5 minute stop of its own with celestial ceiling painting and historical grandeur. My tip, as I believe is intend but not clearly stated anywhere, would be take the staircase (or lift of course) straight to the top floor and work from top to bottom. Each gallery is anchored by a political or social theme and this way you will start with the earliest paintings, etchings and objects and as you wind through the galleries the history will begin to stack nicely on top of itself.They're all here, from Mary Queen of Scots and John Knox through to THAT painting of Robert Burns and (several depictions of) THAT profile of Adam Smith through to a pub full of poets and Dolly the sheep. Several hours viewing for the impromptu visitor getting out of the rain, several trips for an art-lover.For the refurb job, for the paintings, for the history lesson, 5 stars. World class. Award winning scones apparently too!However, I cannot give it 5 stars. My first love is photography and I feel that it is slightly sidelined. Yes, there is a great selection of Thomas Annan prints on display and yes, there is now a permanent photography gallery, which is great. HOWEVER, said gallery is modest in size, especially the way it is currently partitioned and the exhibition chosen to open it is "Romantic Camera", a very safe choice, methinks. Furthermore, the Hot Scots photographs to be found on the ground floor, the first thing a lot of people will see, is, frankly, gash. A horrible glittery wall displaying a couple decent images but mostly snaps taken for publication alongside an article, fulfilling that job well but not able to hold their own on a gallery wall. Their only claim to being interesting is that they depict someone in the public eye. I want to see some considered, meaningful and well crafted lens based images, something which many Scottish photographers have been doing for years.A shame for me, but if you are not passionate about photography specifically, then my complaints might not even register when you visit for yourself. I will try to look at it as a bitter last sip to a beautiful coffee.Portraits are important.Scotland is a nation being asked to decide on its future, and the SNPG offers a vital space to contemplate its past.
5	Some really fantastic exhibits, like exploring the "modern Scot" and the changing cultural identity of Scottish heritage over time. Plus, free!
5	Sparkling after its recent refurb, this gallery is imposing from the outside and breath-taking within. I also recommend working your way from the top to bottom, taking the stairs for all the different views of the mosaics. You'll find something different every time you visit, and it's worth popping in for a bite-size chunk of Scottish history and culture every now and again. A recent exhibition on the romantic vision of Scotland was a particular highlight for me, with its photography and film representations. When your legs give out from all that slow 'museum walking', head to the cafe for a drink or snack, and enjoy the people-watching.
4	What an absolutely stunning building. And again, how wonderful it is that Edinburgh (and Scotland) offers so many beautiful museums and galleries for free entry.It's recently been refurbished and reopened. If you find museums stuffy and boring, then this is probably more of the 'stuffy and boring' ilk. Unlike the National Museum, there are no giant T-Rex skeletons and buddhas. Because, well, it's a Portrait Gallery.Instead you'll find lots of paintings, busts, photos and a library of portraits. From traditional Renaissance style portraits of Lords and Ladies with their small dogs and bedecked in jewels and gowns, to the Jacobite portraits (many of Bonnie Prince Charles, even one of him dressed up as Flora on his escape), to some modern day paintings - in particular, an eerie one of three lead Doctors who specialise in cancer, mid-operation; and also some photo portraits.The rooms are all quite small (again, unlike the National Museum); but the collection is very varied, and the inside very beautifully presented.I did get round it pretty quickly and didn't find it hugely extensive. But I think you could come back here and spend longer looking around; it's a history buffs haven.I'd say it's definitely worth a look as it's free, it's a stunning building and a nice glimpse of some Scottish portraiture.
4	Great venue & always has great displays & exhibitions. Easy to while away a few hours & the cafe is nice & airy too.
5	Wow, what an absolutely beautiful building and again I left feeling so chuffed to live in a city where places like this offer free entry!It's perhaps not as flashy as some of the other galleries collections, but there are some exhibitions, paintings and photographs that offer such an amazing glimpse into humanity in the way only portraits can. This is one of those places you will emerge feeling inspired by the artists and the spirits they capture alike.The photography exhibition they currently have on show, the Taylor Wessing Prize (1st March - 26th May 2014), was set up in such a beautiful way. They also showcase historic Scottish paintings with a collection of more modern portraits that offers something for everyone.It strikes me as a place that has a constantly changing collection and does so in such a wonderful location. Definitely a place to visit, if not return to more than once!
5	Free admission to a beautiful gallery with art work primarily from Italy, Scotland, and the Netherlands. The Scottish gallery is particularly wonderful!There are plenty of paintings to keep you occupied for an hour or two, and absolutely a must see if you are in Edinburgh.
5	The newly-renovated Portrait Gallery is definitely worth a visit. The permanent collection is full of portraits from Scottish history. There's usually one or two rotating exhibitions on as well, so there's always something new to see. Admission is free (although some of the temporary exhibitions are not).
