2	Something is very wrong with the management of this store.In a handful of visits about 40% of the items I shopped for were extraordinarily over-expired. Canned food that expired 2-3 years ago... Ice cream that has sublimated down to about 80% of its original volume (this takes a very, very long time), etc... And it's not just a few of each item that is long expired. I have often had to sift through most of the inventory of a product to find a single non-expired item.Either the management is trying to cut losses and boost profits by unloading expired products on unsuspecting customers or the stocking staff at this store is phenomenally incompetent. Or both. Either way, the high volume of expired groceries at this store is not merely incidental.
3	If they werent located around the corner, I would never use this store.  I have taken back produce MULTIPLE times due to expiration so watch the dates when buying!!
5	Last year I went shopping after flag football with my 2 boys.  I was missing one ingredient for my dinner so I ran in to grab it.  When I was putting my groceries in the car, one of my boys got out of the car.  It was dusk & I was worried a car wouldn't see him.  I got home, put our groceries away thinking my older son brought in my purse, but he didn't.  I had left  it in the cart.  I ran over to Safeway & the bagger Zack had found it & brought it inside.  I had over 300 in it, credit cards =, 2 check books, etc. Everything was there safe & sound. Although I was told he couldn't take a tip I forced him to take one.  I really appreciated their honesty & integrity!
5	The staff here is really friendly. Often I have to go to customer service to get money through western union payments and they never make me feel like it is a hassle. Ive been to other places who have excuses on why they need to wait to help me and they always make me feel like it's a hassle. Several employees seem very sincere and are always asking if they can help.
1	I got fired for being Asian by a spoiled little white girl named alley she was very rude to me and the management didn't do a dam thing about it and I was fired for that. They are the worst people there don't ever work there
1	Unbelievable. It makes me cry every time I walk in and out of this store. For one, the service is very slow and un-professional. No one seems trained at all. Secondly, the prices on most of the things are very over over-priced. For instance, the mixed variety candy bags are wayyyy to pricey, at least for the one type that they have. Also, the miniature dog bed prices are out of this world. I am overall just disappointed with the overall experience of this trashy supermarket. Smh.
5	I still love Safeway. I know the prices are not the most competitive, but this location is so bright and airy and clean. The staff are wonderful and always call you by name when you checkout and offer to help you with your groceries to your car. I guess I like it because I still feel they offer excellent customer service. Thanks and keep up the great work.
2	They always have the fewest customers and longest/slowest lines of any of the local grocery stores.  Enough said.
