4	Took my nieces and nephew ages 2-13 for an open bounce session.  Two hours for $7 per bouncer regardless of age.  They all had a great time.It is pretty much two big rooms containing eight different bouncers, some familiar, some not.  A few types of obstacle courses, the big slide, a boxing ring, basketball court, a tower, etc.  There was air hockey and some video games too.I was most impressed by the ability to have kids of all ages together in one room while most of the parents sat on the side reading or talking to each other.  It is like a big playground where kids can climb and do crazy things without any worry of injury.  My nephew has a knack for falling, he had a blast bouncing right up afterwards.
4	On Tuesdays and Fridays this location does a "Pre-school Bounce" Which is for children 5 and under. Our daughter is 19 months old and we decided to take her in and let her bounce off of some walls other than our own. She Loved every last minute of it, besides the Dennis the mennis that she met that allready has the my ball my rules attitude at age 4.. This is a pretty fun place for any kid and is worth taking an afternoon to check out.
5	Kids had a blast. My son @ 12 and two others @ 11 & 9 enjoyed themselves and want a return visit. The facility is clean and has ample staff to watch the kids at play. The open session is a bit short, but the kids get a great workout and have lots of fun. I noticed everyone from toddlers to tweens enjoying themselves. Remember to have socks on hand, they are required.
3	Although my son had fun, I found the front counter staff to be RUDE!! I had made a reservation that they couldn't find and then took my coupon without taking my name because she couldn't be bothered to answer my questions. We then stood there for 15 minutes waiting for our name to be called to go back and we weren't even on the list! The staff of teenagers that work there were great but the older lady in the front needed a hug or coffee. She wasn't happy and took it out on the parents!!
5	I took my daughter (almost 4) to BounceU during the Family Bounce. A friend gave me the Groupon as a gift and I was thrilled to discovered that the "2 bouncers" didn't include myself, they actually gave me a pass to come back since parents bounce for free.There are 2 rooms, which is nice since there are a variety of ages that attend so it doesn't get too crowded, even when it's busy. There are multiple types of bounce houses, slides and activities. I was impressed by the friendly staff and good customer service. I was also pleased with how cost effective it was, $7 for 2 hours of bouncing is a great deal and it wore my daughter out!My daughter has been asking non-stop if we can go back! We will definitely be going to BounceU regularly.
4	My kids LOVE LOVE this place.  It lost a star for me because it is not open that much.  I like to grab the groupons when they come up.  My mom does my day care and they have great preschool hours during the week.  This is great jumping fun for two hours.  We have been to several parties there.  The best times are when they allow nonprofits (schools and churches) to do fundraisers there.  My kids are big enough now that I don't feel like I need to hover.  I just make sure I am in the room with my 4 year old.  One thing I admit that I am not keen on.  When there is a party or school activity, I really don't like when 12 year old kids are there.  I appreciate that they are still kids, but as big as they are and completely unaware of littler kids, it feels like a recipe for disaster.  (Boys are usually more unaware than girls.)
2	Absolutely No supervision of kids. The teens working here were completely nonexistant except at the front desk, where they were useless. There are serious safety hazards that need to be addressed, such as a hanging rope that was so tangled it caught my daughters foot and had her suspended by her ankle. This visit, There were also two kids climbing on the OUTSIDE of a large play structure, about 15 feet off the ground, and no one stopped them. Theres supposed to be no running or shoving but theres literally NO staff on the floor to enforce it, and many parents just stand there talking instead of watching their kids. My two year old gets trampled at open bounce here.Also the "schedule" is kind of ridiculous.  Most places have a bounce all day policy. Not that i would, but toget kicked out after an hour and a half and paying $22.50 for three kids is kind of a rip off. My kids LOVE it here or Id give them a lower rating. The safety is my main concern. Some day a kid will get seriously injured here. I dont want it to be one of mine.
5	This was our first time here to jump as well as booking a bday party. I called to schedule all the details and the staff was knowledgable , patient and friendly.  I received a call two days prior to my scheduled party to confirm the details.  We arrived and were greeted promptly with excellent customer service. My party went smooth and hasslefree the whole time. I had two party hosts who made sure my attendees were happy and many times asked if i needed anything. They set up everything for you in the party room unless like me you ask to assist. Just because i had a few decorations i wanted to set up a certain way. Which was no problem. After the party ends they clean up everything from leftover cake to taking your presents out to the car for you. We were thanked while leaving and they made sure the bday girl had a fabulous time at her party.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
3	We took our 25mo son and 23mo nephew to the Saturday open bounce last weekend and had a pretty good time.  The staff at the front desk was helpful and friendly - although I didn't ever see them in the bouncing areas after that.  (Then again, I'm not expecting them to watch my kid while I'm there.)  The Open Bounce on Saturday morning is perfectly timed for us with toddlers from 9:00 - 10:30, but a Sunday Morning option would be great too.  I understand that their bread and butter is about parties though, so I certainly can't fault them for not having more open bounce on the weekends.  (The open bounce schedule for the rest of the week is pretty great actually.  Kudos to them for that.)The place was as clean as I'd expect.  I wore black socks and I'm glad I did.Overall we all had a great time.  (Four adults bouncing for free with two kiddos is a GREAT deal!)  But two negatives really impacted our ability to have fun:1)  The temperature.  I know those rooms are big, but the huge fans that keep the bouncies inflated generate a fair amount of heat, the people running around add to it, and it's HOT outside.  Let's face it, a big part of why we go to these places is to play in a COOL space!  All of us (including the toddlers) were dripping with sweat in the first 10 minutes we were there.  The A/C needs to be *cranked* the whole time.2)  The four video games in one of the rooms.  Really?  Why are these even there?  The whole point of this place is to get some PHYSICAL activity for the kids.  It was very difficult to pry our toddlers off the race car video games and onto the bouncy slides for the first 30 minutes we were there.  (It's amazing how much fun a toddler can have with a video game without any quarters!)  I didn't appreciate having that kind of distraction in the rooms.  Just doesn't seem to be a need for it - I can't imagine they make much money off them, since I didn't see anyone actually using them during the whole open bounce session.  (Another set of benches for parents to take a breather or another set of cubbies for shoes would be a great replacement for those video games!)We still have 8 sessions left from the Plum District deal, so we'll be back for sure.  But after that?  I don't know.  I'll be sure to check out the other options in town before buying more bounce passes at BounceU.
4	I had my sons birthday party here and it was awesome!  The kids had so much fun.  The planning part of the party was great, everything was explained to me in detail and the staff was always willing to answer my questions. The place loses half a star because I was told a fridge would be available for my cake and there was no room for it when I arrived so it had to sit out. :(. At one point some guests from the party after ours came and ran into our bounce room. I had to chase them out after hearing an attitude from them. Then some parents came in and were checking it out. They really need a different door between the two party rooms, kids can easily go through them and "crash" the other party. I think they need an employee to man this door so this does not happen. The two planners also left the Bounce area to set up the party room leaving me party planner less. I didn't really mind because I didn't need anything, but it would have been nice to have an employee there to shoo away the kids from the other party rather then me doing it. Maybe it is just me, but I think it is tacky to ask for gratuities. I paid several hundred dollars for this party and the employees are getting paid to do their job, right?!  If I saw exceptional going out of their way playing with the kids and interacting with them, I may have been more inclined to leave them a little something extra.  All in all a good experience though and I love that we just left our mess and left! :)
4	Just had my daughter's 7th birthday party here.  We chose the cosmic package where it was dark with cool lighting.  If you wore a little white you would glow - too cool.  I have a hard time with small birthday parties since my daughter is very active and I do NOT want to have it at my house.  In searching venues for a group of 20 I came up with Bounce U.  I paid around $400 dollars for my package and I did bring decorations in which wasn't required.  We also brought our own cake and ice cream.  We were assigned two party hosts who were both very outgoing and good with the children.  They communicated with me and kept the party moving along.  The kids start out in one room for 1/2 hour and then go to another room for 1/2 hour, then to the party room for pizza and cake for 45 minutes.  My daughter LOVED her party.  The guests have been talking about the party how much fun it is.  Why I am not giving 5 stars - there was no staff supervision in the playrooms.  Since we had a Cosmic party it was kinda dark in the first room there were kids I didn't even know who were in the wrong room - there party was in a different room.  Then in the 2nd room there was a lady with her son playing and they were not party of my party.  I got the staff which I had to go to the front as that is where all of them were chit chatting.  This mother and son were there for open gym which was in a different room.  I didn't like the fact that there was no supervision since I don't know these people and don't want strangers around my children especially when it is dark.  This is something they need to improve on.  They need to have at least one staff member in each room at all times.  Besides that I know i paid a lot of money but the benefits were:  I got to sit back and have someone else take charge; Great time for a big party and I didn't have it at my house.  I would go again - maybe next time without the cosmic lighting.
1	The absolute worst.  I had to give one star to this cut rate establishment only because I could not post no stars at all.  For starters they employ teenagers who do not have the first clue about customer service.We booked a birthday party for my son and when we arrived with all of his classmates and parents they told us that they were booked solid for the day and could not help.  When we told them that we had booked his party for the day they insisted that it was for the date but the following month.  We told them they were wrong and they did not want to accommodate us.After all of this and the "valley girl" telling us "like we cant do anything for you" at least ten or so times, she had one of the bigger male teenagers tell us and the rest of the parents that we had to leave. Please save yourself the time and effort, avoid this establishment like the plague!!!
5	I booked my son's 5th birthday party about 1 month or two in advanced just to have everything set. Everything came out perfect! The staff was extremely friendly with the exception of two young ladies in the front, wouldn't kill them to crack a smile and have better customer service skills, they looked miserable.My children had a blast and so did the rest of the children. Price wise, it is cheaper to have a birthday party here than a backyard birthday party and it is better for smaller children because they like running around. Overall for 20 children I paid a little less than $500. It's affordable and fun. We might be back next year, depending on what my son decides but BounceU did not disappoint, everything came out as expected, next time around I'll make sure to get extra bounce time because it did seem kind of short, I will also make sure all the children get their bounce pass in the goodie bags, there were a few that did not have any and I failed to realize that until we had gotten home, other than that, no complains.
4	Under new ownership. Thank goodness! They recently had a benefit for make a wish foundation, which is really nice. And there seemed to be a lot better supervision. I still think the hours are inconvenient and its a wee bit pricey, but theyDO have a parents night out and friday night " cosmic bounce" with music and strobe lights, which is pretty cool. Updating to four stars.
4	My buddy told me about this place a few weeks ago,so I decided to check it out and brought my 7 and 5 year old daughters,only $8 per child and adults are free..so far I have been here twice,once on a regular day and once last Friday for cosmic bounce,they turn of the lights with only a few neon light turning on.. It was pretty cool my girls really enjoyed it.. I took one star off cuz at one point it smelled like dirty stinky ass from some of the big kids sweating....
3	A few changes I liked that there was actually a party person in the rooms taking pictures which they showed once you got into the cake room.  They could have taken more pictures, but it was still a great added touch.  The parents and kids loved it.  Came here as a guest (actually my daughter) the place smelled very musty to where it was hard to breathe.  With the rain I think they need to figure out if they need to run a swamp cooler plus the a/c.  We were all sweating just sitting on the benches.  The party we went to was the cosmic one which is really fun.  In the 2nd room they added another jumpy.  The roof was leaking in the room and they had some towels done on the floor. The bathroom toliets were filthy and only one we can use.  I didn't feel there was a supervisor on staff just a bunch of kids, so we didn't even bother to tell them.  I do have to say the changes with supervision was noticed and them taking pictures and showing them we just loved.  I anticipate issues to be resolved and further changes made.  We won't give up on this location - I have faith in the new owners.
5	This place was great!  Went on a day that was strictly for the little kids.  I didn't have to worry about my 18 month old getting trampled. He had a blast, great place. Plus there's tons of the hand sanitizer stations all over the place. Can't beat that.
3	Our kids have a great time at bounce u! The staff is great with the kids. We have had a few birthdays here and the "bounce pro's" are very good hosts! My one qualm is the seating for the parents is a bench. I am 8 months pregnant and it would be nice to be able to be somewhat comfortable for the 2 hours we spend here. Big bummer!
5	Wow! This place is thee "Las Vegas" for little kids,  located in Henderson.  They love it here & didn't want to leave this place.  So many things for them to do & there was so much screaming,  bouncing & running around here. I left with a migraine, wishing I had brought my flask & my son & his cousins didn't want to stop jumping & running around.  They all knocked out in the car which was WONDERFUL!
3	We've gone for the open bounce twice now. It's a good way to get out of the cold or heat and run off some energy. I don't like the fact that my 3 year old had to compete for a jump next to a teenager. She ended up getting hurt and we left shortly after an hour.  There should definitely be an age limit here. Also paying the $8 for one room with 4  bouncers is a little silly. I understand they were blocking off for a birthday party but if that's the case then they shouldn't schedule open bounce at the same time. Or at least make us aware of the restriction before we get in. I'm not sure if they religiously clean anything here. My kids were filthy and had a gross dirt/sweat smell that immediately required showers. It is what it is though and finding kids activities in Vegas is scarce.
4	Bounce U was actually pretty fun! They had a few inflatables that I haven't ever seen before. My family had a great time there.Pros: it's HUGE, it doesn't stink like BO, it kept my kid active and happy, the parents can get involved and jump too, they had some things I could participate in even though I'm in a wheelchair like the basket ball shooting inflatable, it's a pretty fun atmosphere, the staff was nice enough.Cons: it was a little warm and needed some A/C, you can't bring in your own snacks or food, no wifi, not very many places to sit like tables where the play equipment is, the play area is split up into two rooms so if you want to keep an eye on your kid you kind of have to follow them from room to room... No letting the kids run free here, also they only have 2 hour blocks of open play at a time. So, you pay $8 for a limited time.Other than that it was fun. We'll probably go back but not frequently... This will be a once in a blue moon kind of place... Unless they change a few things to make it more comfortable for those who can't jump.
5	We just had a birthday party for both of our sons at Bounce U and everyone had a blast! And all we had to do was grab the cake and show up :-) the party staff was awesome; they took care of everything including organizing and playing with the children. They took pictures throughout the night available for purchase which was great. As parents, we really didn't have to do much except bounce and have fun with our kids. We were in good hands! And best part, the birthday boys left with big smiles :-) Bounce U was clean, well organized and affordable (compared to other play centers).
4	We have been here for a few Birthday parties and school fundraisers over the years.  Lately it is all about parents night out.  PNO is every other Saturday from 6-10 pm.  Price is $25 for 1st child, $15 for each sibling and includes pizza for dinner.  You can also add extra drinks or snacks at check in.  Pretty good deal.  I can't get a sitter for that price.  The kids love it and ask when we are going to go on a date again so they can go bounce.  Staff is friendly and great with the kids.  They have other stuff for the kids to do besides bounce, like games, crafts and movies for when they are ready to settle down.   PNO gets busy.  I recommend preregistering online or getting there early.  I've gotten there a little after 6 and had to wait quite awhile to check them in.  Something to keep in mind if you have reservations.
