5	Came to Sushi MoMo the other night with a gang of friends and had a great experience. The menu has an extensive selection of regular and vegan choices. I had three items from the vegan menu and they were all spectacular. Two choices would have been enough! The ingredients were tasty and the portion sizes were generous. I really enjoyed the soy and rice paper wrappings and the use of non-traditional ingredients like sweet potato and mango.My friends found their fish and seafood-based selections to be very pleasing also. Style: casual.Presentation: beautiful.Price: worth every penny! I paid about 30$ for three selections and a soft drink.Verdict: finally a sushi restaurant that I can call my favorite. I don't often go for sushi because the vegetarian and vegan choices are not extensive or appealing. I need several more visits to Sushi MoMo so I can work my way through their vegan menu.
4	I went to Sushi MoMo last night with my boyfriend and our vegan friends. It was the perfect place to go with plenty of options for them, and a wide selection of our favourite traditional sushi. We arrived around 6pm and immediately got a table, despite the place being quite small. The staff was incredibly friendly and we ordered quite a lot of sushi from both the vegan and regular menu. The sushi they offered was quite unique- some choices had green apple, sweet potato, and basil- ingredients I haven't seen in sushi before. I would have enjoyed a miso soup too- but maybe they'll add that to the menu later. I can't remember exactly what I ordered but it was delicious. My favourite dish was a red tuna and mango based creation. My boyfriend ordered the majority of the salmon based dishes and was very satisfied with the quality of the fish as well.My only complaint was that service was rather slow- we received the first round of sushi relatively quickly (about 20 minutes after ordering), but after that there was a long wait between each order and it took almost 2 hours to be served our complete order. The restaurant only opened a week ago, so I think the staff is still figuring out the logistics. That being said, it seems quite understaffed and the couple behind us waited almost 45 minutes to get their first rolls. I hope they improve the speed of service soon, because I'd like to come back.Also, I heard they will have delivery starting next week- so looking forward to that!
5	The vegetarian selection is impressive (30+), and very delicious. Every plate that we ordered was a 5/5. This is not your typical avocado cucumber sushi type of place, the chef has mastered how to blend different flavours with veggies, tofu, and soy. For the fish lovers, don't worry there is menu with classic sushi. We are definitely going back!
