1	Tech support in the store is nonexistent.  If you have any issues with a phone, don't waste you time going in, just call tech support.  The store locations are only good for checking out the phones and buying.   Let me find something positive...it's nice how they open the door for you, but that's where it ends.
3	They open the door for you... I thought this was weird, but maybe thats just me. When there aren't many customers in the store, all the sales folks tend to huddle around the door area. So as soon as someone opens the door, one of them immediately asks (pounces?) to help you.I got helped by a very professional, enthusiastic salesman. My wife and I were switching from AT&T and he was very helpful in setting us up.One thing I have noticed with Verizon stores in general, which may help answer some of the issues others seem to have with them - they employ excellent salesmen, but subpar technicians, customer service, etc. So its pretty easy for them to get you onto their network, but once you have a problem, you are not dealing with their salesmen, but their technicians who may not as good as you expect them to be.Again, thats just my view.
3	I have been a Verizon customer for a long time and always go to this store if I need to.  I don't care for the way they handle incoming customers nowadays where the "host" takes your name and asks you to browse while you wait for a Salesperson to come and help you.  I'm not at Applebees people.....this could be handled better.I was "waited on" in about 5 minutes which wasn't too bad and the lady that helped me was friendly and knowledgeable.  I knew what I wanted when I came in so there was no upselling or changing my mind.  She set up the phone quickly, made some changes to my account and I was out the door in less than 30.All in all, it wasn't a bad experience. Like a bank I try and do my business with them online so I rarely walk into a store.
2	I never get service here when I go!!! I always end up having to leave the store. In the past 8 years since I've live in Charlotte I have attempted this about 5+ times!
5	A great experience with Neill. A nice surprise as well. Based on the majority of the reviews of this store I expected another Sprint store type of experience. I was pleasantly surprised that we were able to get my wife up and running with a new Samsung phone and a new service with Verizon.  Our neighborhood has 5 Sprint cell towers ringing it. You would think that we would have at least 5 bars all the time. The reality however is that we've been lucky to get a single bar at any time. I have had a call drop 5x between Best Buy in Pineville and Rte 485! I had had enough. My wife is the guinea pig. When we got home she has had no less than 5 bars compared to my 1 bar. Time to drop Sprint completely.
