5	Amazing quality service, friendly staff, and overall a pleasant experience. I will be making this my regular dentist when I'm in Las Vegas.
1	I will never go to this place again. The dentist acted like she was too busy to continue my appointment and said she had other patients to see. I was shocked because she was referred to me by a friend and I was highly disappointed. Also her X-ray tech was horrible and the machine they use is very cheap and almost bootleg. The tech acted like she was doing the first X-ray of her career. She kept poking me in the gums with the strips. Very uncomfortable.  They need a new X-ray system. I was there for 3 hours seeing people arrive after me and leave before me which was unbelievable because I was the first patient of the day. The dentist is so uncaring, even after I told her about my work schedule, when I left the only thing she said was "see you next time", not offering a follow up or anything after she only filled 2 of the 5 fillings and didn't do any kind of cleaning. THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE! I walked out nearly in tears. She doesn't do same day servicing, no fridays or weekends! If you want a caring dentist pass on her...the only thing she cares about is driving her benz coupe. The front desk receptionist was super sweet and very caring, thats the only good thing that office has going for them.
5	This is the first dentist I've had that I actually enjoy.I've been to Dr. J several times now and I can confirm that she is excellent in terms of both bedside manner and actual dental work. She is very conscientious of pain level and provides steady positive reinforcement (I've never been so praised for doing so little: "Now Bite." "Good job.") Also any time a person has drilled in your mouth at length and you still enjoy their services is a small miracle in my mind and Dr. J has achieved this feat.  So the important part, the dentist, is covered here, but there's also some less tangible things that make this a great place:1) Open late. Go to the dentist after work and save those sick days for hangovers and impromptu road trips.2) The nicest office staff ever. Like ever. Spectacular customer service with no exception. They really convince me that that they were happy to see me. I still believe it. 3) The office is small but very well appointed. Of course they have TVs above the beds (seems to be standard in Vegas) but everything is very stylishly put together.4) Lee's Discount Liquors is in the parking lot. While they may inform you to wait an hour to eat they have never told me to wait a specific amount of time before consuming gratuitous amounts of alcohol. (If you bite your tongue or a hole in your cheek that's on you drunkie.)TLDR: Great Dentist, Great Service, Great Office.7/2014  Update: I've been here five more times and still love it. Still Great!
5	Everyone at this practice knows what they are doing, keeps their word, and cares about the patients.  It is nice to see that businesses like this still exist.
