4	With and easy to read menu, clean floor and great lunch time effenciency, why wouldn't you eat here?
2	Ordered a turkey sub on wheat bread with extra tomatoes. Didn't get what I ordered, they skimped on the tomatoes and gave me regular white bread. Called to complain and the manager was like "Oh Well". Wrote to the company and they could care less too. Won't ever be back!
4	Last week my crew from the fire station decided to get sandwiches at Jersey Mike's Subs. This location has a new owner who had stopped by the station a couple weeks earlier and invited us up to check the place out. It's pretty rare that the whole crew (10 guys) agrees on anything food related, but Jersey Mike's worked well for all of us.   I'm a big club sandwich fan so I had the Club Sub. It was loaded with plenty of delicious ham, bacon, turkey and provolone. I got it Mike's Way which includes tomatoes, lettuce, onions, spices, oil and vinegar. The bread was freshly made and quite good. A few of the guys tried the Original Italian and they all raved about how good it was, so I'll try that next time.   In short, everyone at the station was happy Jersey Mike's and I'm sure that they made 10 customers from our visit. The service was great and the new owner is a great guy. I noticed yesterday that the store is being renovated so you may want to check to be sure they have reopened.
4	Pleasantly surprised is how I feel about Jersey Mike's. My wife wanted to go here for lunch and we needed new places to eat on the West side. We both ordered the #13, The Original Italian done Mike's Way: Provolone, ham, proscuittini, cappacuolo, salami and pepperoni. Along with the meal deal and 2 chocolate chip cookies we spent about $20. The sandwiches were surprisingly good, loved the bread, loved the red wine vinegar sauce, and you could taste the tomatoes, no cardboard toppings here. But I would be seriously amiss if I didn't mention how they took service with a smile and kicked it up 2 notches. Awesome service!Overall this is now on my short list of surefire Vegas lunch choices. I will be back!Note: They do make my Payment Card Stupidity list as they make you sign for debit card transactions. See my list description of why this sucks. There is a better way of taking payments.
3	I dont know what it is but there is something that I cant stand about there sandwiches it leaves and awful taste in my mouth.  I think it may be something in the bread.
4	My sandwich was fresh and tasty, the staff was friendly and personable, and the store was clean.
3	Usually I loooove Jersey Mike's so I was really stoked to see one while I was visiting. I was a little disappointed because the bread wasn't as fresh as at any other location where I've been. The rest of the sandwich was fine though and still beats any other sub shop around.
5	Discovered this place when I first moved out here, I've become addicted!I'm a vegetarian, the grilled veggie wrap is yummy. My friends have all told me the subs are all delicious as well, especially if you get it "Mike's way".This Jersey Mike's is my favorite though, the staff is always super friendly, and they are packer fans! I can always come in, have my wrap while I watch the packer game. I feel at home :-)
5	Not a big Yelp reviewer, but this place is pretty damn good and the employees are fricken great. I thought they deserved a great review. My whole family loved the sandwiches. The Original Italian was excellent.
5	Now I thought Subway was the only sandwich shop worth going to, but boy was I proven wrong. Jersey Mike's knows what I want in a sub! The sub was delicious. Not only was it good, it was real! By real, I mean real meat! They literally sliced the meat right in front of me! Then going Mike's Way (clever use of the name by the way) made my sandwich even better. To my surprise, the sandwich artist ACTUALLY had a conversation with me! Today's youth may be at times rude, but not here. Excellent customer service this place has. Definitely a must go!
4	The big kahuna & the Italian are very good. Been a fan for a year now. Clean & reliable. I recommend highly. Martin
4	First time at a jersey mikes and I'm pretty impressed at how quickly I was in and out of the store with multiple orders. I ordered the club sandwich and it was very good. The customer service was great. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area again. Unfortunately there isn't one by where I live.
5	Favorite sandwich place of all time!
5	Just got a sandwich from this location today and the guys working were so nice! They greeted me enthusiastically at the door and just the vibe of the whole shop was pleasant, it appeared the three or four employees got along with each other really well...I will definitely be back!
4	This was my first time trying a Jersey Mikes sandwich. I have to say it was really good. I had the roast beef, with just pickles and pepper. The roast beef had a great taste, and was quite tender. The bread was crusty and crunchy, which I prefer. The staff was nice and helpful. I was in and out of there in 5 minutes. I will come back to try the other sandwiches.
3	Fresh-cut meats on fresh-baked bread, Mike's way. The subs here aren't that inventive but the meat makes the taste better than competitors like Subway or Scholotzsky's. BF swears by their Italian, and a Giant size will set you back $14, which to me is absurd for a sandwich. But it's over a foot long, so...Service at this location is a bit hit or miss. Their open sign is never on, but they have one on the front window...with the cord hanging down, not plugged into anything. Totally bizarre.
5	I have been getting these sandwhiches since I was 11!  The number 9 Mike's way is the WAY to go.  Other than that I really love the staff here.  Always friendly and make excellent sandwiches (some locations make better than others)!  Thanks guys!  Also if you want to try them for lunch pre order online.  Can't stand lines and it's waiting for me right when I specify I'll be their to pick it up.
