5	Prices just went down on color
1	I've been waiting for 15 minutes for the store to open and still nobody has shown up. The hours posted say 9am, and it is now well after 9.
1	First time reviewer... because of my frustration during this visit.The benefit of places like Super Cuts and Great Clips is that, while they may not have the best stylists, it is usually possible to quickly get in or out.  While visiting relatives, I stopped in to get a haircut and was told there would be 35 (seemed pretty precise) minute wait. There were three people in the lobby waiting on haircuts.  At this point I had an hour before I needed to leave for dinner so I decided to wait.After waiting for 30 minutes a dad and his two sons arrived.  One stylists took the dad, and I assumed he had a call-in appointment.  I was slightly irritated that they did not tell me there were three call-in appointments, as I doubted this gentleman would get his hair cut in 5 minutes. I didn't want to spend those thirty minutes waiting for nothing; however, I should have considered the sunk cost of my time. The second stylist took a person that was previously in the lobby. When the first stylist was finished with the father he took the second son.  Even though it had been nearly an hour I was thinking, "at least I'm next in line for the stylist that is taking lobby patrons."  At nearly exactly the one hour mark the dad walked over to me and apologized, as he had noticed my long wait.  As I assumed, they had booked appointments over the phone.  I informed him that I was not upset with him at all, but what a nice gesture. The stylists did not inform me of this, the customer did.  The second stylist finished with her lobby patron and move on to... The third son. At this time (an hour and 15 minutes into my wait). My wife gave up waiting for me to pick her up, and started walking to this location from the nearby mall.  I informed my family that I would be very late for dinner.I finally was called back. No "thank you for waiting, no sorry for your wait, no explanation that they had to serve the call-in customer first," nothing. As I got my hair cut in silence, the stylist pinched my neck in the apron snap.  I couldn't hold back a small yelp of pain.  No apology.  Silent hair cut continues.  Usually a stylist will slap his or her comb against my forehead multiple times during a haircut.  Truly a testament to their speed as they switched from collecting strands to cutting said strands.  This stylist got me right in the eyeball with the comb's teeth. Another small yelp of pain.  No apology. I finally finished my haircut.  A total of 12 words... Jason, how you like it?, this short?, strong hair, coupon?, and twenty dollars" were spoken from the time I sat down to the time I left.  I was offered 3, $2 off coupons. Not only would I not return once, I would not return three times for sure. Because I am not one to complain with no solutions in mind, here is how this location could have salvaged this situation, and should treat future (not me) customers. Know the schedule for those customers that have called in an appointment so that you do not tell someone 35 minutes, then leave them waiting for ~1 hour and 20 minutes before they see a stylist.  If this egregious breakdown occurs, promptly inform the customer of your error and provide him or her of his new wait time, so he can make an informed decision whether he wants to continue to wait or cut his losses.  If the customer decides to wait, acknowledge the customer's wait and APOLOGIZE for wait.  On final suggestion, please take the "walk-ins welcome" sign off your window.
1	Not the best by far. I am going to stick to my location over at Camelback .
4	I don't know what's wrong with the cranks who dis this place. Probably the same people who can't stand any restaurant or motel. (Stay at home, folks!) I've been coming here for two years and I've never had a bad cut. Very inexpensive too, and the wait time is quite brief if you plan ahead and come before the busiest times of day. They also take appointments. I'll keep coming back. All of the staff are friendly, pleasant, and professional. Never had a bad visit out of about ten times coming here.
