5	The only reason I ended up going to LT Nails is because of Tina! She did my eyebrow waxing on Jones/Tropicana, & now she opened her own place with her husband. They have been open for a good two years now, prices are fair & staff is friendly. I go for the eyebrow waxing & Tina will wax your eyebrows, tweeze the smaller hairs that didn't come off with the wax, then trim your hair if necessary. I'm not big on acrylic nails anymore, but when I went through that phase they did great. Service is fast & professional.LT is very sanitary; disposable wooden wax applicators, wash their pedicure tubs with cleaner right after draining the nasty feet water :P
5	Very clean, friendly and nice atmosphere. Also has a ton of gel nail colors.  Tina is the best!!Very clean, good service and great job with nails.
4	I'm rating this place 4 stars just, because it's not super cheap it's about average pricing! I called only 15 minutes before for a gel manicure they told me to come right in! When I got there they had everything all set for me I didn't have to wait at all. THEY HAVE SO MANY GEL COLORS!! I couldn't make up my mind! All of the ladies seemed very friendly mine dealt with my change of mind of colors very nicely and was giving me suggestions, I could hear other surrounding customers very satisfied and chatting away happily with the staff. My manicurists spent time, I never felt rushed, even though I was there only an hour before closing! Highly recommend!
5	So i HAD to go see what the buzz was about. I went to get my eyebrows done, $12. Worth every dollar! I usually get my eyebrows threaded & was sorta skeptical about waxing. Since my arch was no longer existent thanks to threading (!) Tina not only fixed my arch but gave me the total b.i.t.c......h "dont mess with me" look that i asked for. (I have faith she can do the less dramatic, more natural eyebrows if thats your thing) God bless that woman & her talent!!!
4	I walked in and was greeted right away by me of the ladies. She prepared my water and I had a seat. My feet got to soak a while since was running around and had to use the restroom. We talked a little andi told her not to use the cheese grater or any smilar items, just the stone since I have very sensitive skin. She did exactly what I said and was gentle and didn't scrub layers of skin. I was pleased by this she actually listened!  She then did my ingrowns and massaged. At last finally a nice experience and I will return, her name was Tina, I was sure to get it since she was good.See eventually you can actually find a place after sorting through all the bad ones.
5	This is my nail salon and I love it.  I have had Gel Manicures, regular manicures, acrylics, pedicures etc.  I have never had a bad experience, the work is always supreme.  Everyone in there does a nice job and they remember me.  I highly recommend.
5	I think I may have found my go-to nail salon here in Vegas.First off, the picture of the menu price are still up to date. $10 to remove my previous set of white tips.$25 for acrylic nail and the male nail technician was nice enough to not charge me any additional $$ for a simple gold glitter tip design. (see pic attached.)I did not get his name but the male technician was really welcoming and friendly. We made general talk about Las Vegas since we both are So Cali natives. He was detailed and most importantly, GENTLE with my entire nail process. He made sure all 10 acrylic nails were looking fresh and at the right length. He also took the time and had a STEADY HAND when painting on my tip design.Definitely coming back to Lt Nails!
2	1.5 star rounding up...I've been to this nail salon twice. The first time was for a pedi... Service was alright and quality was mediocre. I didn't have to wait and was seated to soak my feet right away. Usually I don't mind having my feet soaking for a bit before the actual pedi but this time they had me soaking for over a half an hour! My feet were starting to get all yucky! Anyway the pedicure didn't last as long as the wait and the polish lasted about a week. (Polish usually last about three weeks on my toes before chipping or cracking) I only polish my toes white so when I told him I wanted white on my toes, he turned to the other nail tech and said "of course she'd choose a hard color to do" in Vietnamese. (I'm Vietnamese and understand some of it)Now my second time I walked in there were two techs and one customer, I was told it was going to be a five min wait. I ended up waiting more over 20 mins... I got irritated and walked out. I won't be going back there again.
5	After two years, this is still my go to nail salon.  What I really love about it the most is that it is consistent.  I ALWAYS get the best service and they are always looking for ways to improve. My gel polish is always done right and always beautiful and it lasts.  They have great hours, nice location and will take good care of you.
5	Was looking for a nail salon I just moved to this side if town and this was the closest salon toy new house. Even better they took me as a walk in and I was sat right down. The lady who did my nails did a wonderful job, I loves the grey color she had on her nails and she recreated it for me by mixing polish together!! My pedicure took a little longer than I would have likes but I realized I had on a really dark gel polish and it's had to get off. This will be my go to spot from now on!!
5	Just moved to Vegas and I am obsessed with getting my nails, so when I pick a spot it's got to be the perfect atmosphere and feels very homie. My new spot. Sunny is the best!!! Highly recommend..
