5	Bottom Dollar is a welcome discount food store to the city of Pittsburgh. This particular newly opened location is in Garfield on the Friendship/ Garfield border. They are very similar to ALDI's. You bring your own bags and at this location you will need a quarter to use a shopping cart. There is no deli, bakery or bank. Where Bottom Dollar shines is in their produce and meat department. The quality and prices cannot be beat. The produce is in a separate cold room area. The employees are very nice and helpful. They're always bringing out boxes of fresh products to keep the shelves stocked. Other chains could learn a thing or two from them. (Wal-Mart and Giant Eagle I'm looking at you!) You can find just about everything you could need in a store a little bigger than an ALDI's. Parking at times can be pretty difficult so be patient or just park on the street.Bottom Dollar offers brand names and a private label called "My Essentials". They even have a dollar isle where you can get tons of good deals for a dollar. Be sure to sign up for their free membership card to get even more savings. On the day I went all of the staff I delt with were very nice and friendly and seemed to really love their job.Bottom Dollar won't take out Giant Eagle, Shop n' Save, Community Market or ALDI 's but, given the current state of the economy they are a welcomed new sometimes cheaper alternative.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the diversity and abundance or products here, and the name is not a false advertisement! The prices really are that good. Another highlight is the produce section, which is located in an entirely different section that is temperature-controlled- I haven't seen anything like it. The staff here are all nice, if not very quick on the check-out lines. If I lived back in Bloomfield I would have switched my shopping needs from ALDI to here. In my opinion, this is a good addition to the neighborhood.
3	I'm not a huge fan of BD, I just don't see the difference as many others do.  The product is basically the same and pricing doesn't really seem like it differs from other grocery spots throughout the city.  Where you think you are saving a few cents the product doesn't justify the special trip here.The sales they offer aren't all that great either.  Especially when you can price match at other businesses closer to where you live.  This particular spot is new.  Just built actually.  Parking lot is a bit confusing to navigate as people really don't care if you are attempting to back out of your parking spot.  Keeping in mind that this place is new can somebody please answer me this: Why does it smell like a cat litter box here?
3	Closing 12/31/14 -Nice and clean, prices are seriously just OK. These "Deep Discount" concepts unfortunately don't survive long because the consumer today is much more savvy and smart with regards to pricing.  While some items are clearly a bargain, others are clearly not. You can't stand for something then not deliver it.  The small discount stores like Family Dollar and the large big box discounters like Wal-Mart are far more consistent in delivering low prices across the board.  It's ashamed because these Bottom Dollars have good locations, ample parking, well lit, and a decent selection. Unfortunately for them, their bottom dollar isn't at the bottom.
