1	Don't go here. My sister went to a different beauty school but since she was busy on my days off I decided to take a chance and visit a different school since she always did such a good job and the school atmosphere was relaxed and felt safe. Not here! At Avalon the girl doing my mani/pedi told me she had never done either before. She literally read from a set of directions on how to do my nails. I could have done a better job painting my nails than that. Same thing for the pedicure. Instead of the instructor coming over to inspect, critique and offer advice to the student like they do at my sister's school (Marinello) the student just had the teacher sign off on it and I never saw the teacher and she never saw my awful nail job. I originally wanted to get my eybrows waxed as well but since the student working on me had no idea how to do that either I made an excuse and left before she had a chance to mess up my face or skin. There were more students goofing off and working on each other than there were instructors or clients in the salon. It was noisy and did not look as clean as it should be. For my manicure/pedicure instead of a nice salon chair I sat in a rolly chair and had my feet soaking in a plastic bucket. The nail polishes were messy, old and dried out. The waxing area did not look like it had been wiped down or cleaned in quite a while. Not worth the cheap price for students to work on you here unless perhaps you know them directly and trust them. If you are looking for facial or waxing go to Marinello insted. It is on University Dr. in Mesa.
4	First time I went in I was apprehensive, but you need to realize that it's a school.  Those that are performing services are students.  They will make mistakes but they have an instructor right there to help them learn and make sure you are happy with the end result.  The girl that I had was awesome the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I was there for four hours, which I also expected  but was hoping it wouldn't be that long.  Every person there is learning something and ask your stylist what they need to help them graduate, you will be happy you did because sometimes they give discounts out if the client add-on a service.  I added waxing to mine.  I have to say she did an awesome job on everything.  And with my husband and I we were excited to see our bill was what it would cost for a haircut at a regular salon.  They use Paul Mitchell and Wella products.  I liked the Paul Mitchell color in my hair.
5	Awesome & professional salon! Great choice of hair products including Paul Mitchell, Pravana, Redkin & many more. Their standards are very high with students knowledge & performance before working on clients.
4	Prices are great! Once you find a student you love like I did it's an unbeatable deal! Brianna O. is an amazing stylist, she cuts hair like a pro.
5	I have been coming here for years. and I love it.  Everyone here is so nice. I haven't so many amazing students & teachers. I recommend it to everyone & will continue to come here.
5	Lori Smith cut my hair into long layers and colored it with a beautiful caramel ombre Friday 1/4/14. She did an amazing job and I feel very confident with the training of the students at this school.  I must add the teacher was very good about checking in throughout the process to make sure proper technique was used to create the style I desired.  I am beyond pleased with my results and will definitely be visiting Lori for more services.
5	These Ladies sure know what their doing.. Yeah they're students but you gotta start somewhere. I enjoy coming to this school because I like the idea of giving these students the experience they need to graduate and to fulfill their careers. I've been here twice and both girls I've gotten have done a phenomenal job. My hair takes a lot of patience. I get the purplish red all over and blonde in the middle and they've got it right without a problem. Oh and did I mention it's cheaper than going to a regular salon. Hello? Come bring some friends and get your hair done. You'll like what you see. BONUS - check-in offers are always nice to see and while you're sitting there getting pretty you can write a few good reviews ;) it makes time fly pretty fast! Woop
4	The staff here in general are good.  The students listen to what you want and in general they do a good job.  I had a bad experience with Amber one of the instructors so I advise finding out who your stylist is under.   Amber will try and argue to prove she is right in front of students and clients as she did with me.  She will also lie about what she said and did not say to cover her butt.   I have more professional sense to engage with that type of behavior in a business.  I filed a complaint and my needs were addressed.  If you are going to go I highly suggest seeing about getting a student under Terri.  She is a rock-star.
1	My experience here was completely awful!I was assigned to Megan. First off, I was waiting in her chair for almost 30 minutes before she can decide what to. All I wanted was a full cover of burgundy. She barely spoke and did not even focus on my needs. Second, the water was cold when she was shampooing my hair. Third, she was always spacing out and was talking trash about her superiors to her other coworker. Fourth, my hair was different shades of color all out. Some light, some dark, overall AWFUL! In the end, she had the nerve to ask me if I wanted to keep my hair wet or blow-dry?! Like are you serious? Yes, I want it blow dried so I can see better results!!!! I still had marks of the color all over my ear and the side of foreheads! I HAD TO ASK HER IF SHE COULD CLEAN IT UP! Completely, AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL! Never coming back ever!
1	I came in with my best friend's sister to redo her hair from the day before. They had made her hair too red and were bringing it down to a dark brown burgundy. I'm assuming the woman in the office who spoke with my friend's mother and sister was who runs the school. She was very professional and was very apologetic. What turned me way off about this school was the presentation of it and the students and educators in charge. As soon as we walked in all of the students were sitting in their chairs texting and talking about inappropriate subjects. Not only were they rude and seemed annoyed by questions asked by me and her mother, but the students gave rude glares and whispering comments about me and other clients in the building... I know from experience what it was like to be a cosmetologist student. I've been licensed for about a year now and work in a salon as well. At my school we were held to a higher expectation so we were prepared to work in nicer salons. In my opinion, if you go to Avalon, the standards they set for their students set them up for failure. Not only are their techniques half assed, but the way they are taught to present themselves to clients is very unprofessional and trashy. I wouldn't trust anyone from this beauty school to touch my hair.
5	My aesthetician, Jordan, was AMAZING! I had the 'deep pore cleansing facial.' It took a bit longer than facials I've had at spas, but the extra time was mainly spent on me! My skin felt so good after this treatment....so good that I'm already booked for another appointment in two weeks. The facial massage was to die for. This next time, I'm going to try the microdermabrasion.
1	My hair was colored here last week and it came out NOTHING like how I wanted. The teacher amber was rude about me not liking it and we scheduled another appointment to have it fixed. When I got here however it turns out that the receptionist failed to actually book my appointment and the teacher failed to fill out the necessary paperwork for me to return. Now I have to see my family for the holidays all while hiding my hideous hair. Horrible school. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I just got my hair cut again by Kelsey McKee! She did such a great job and it was totally affordable! I love coming out to get my hair done
5	I want to thank student Tia for a great cut and color.  The staff has always been very helpful.  They listen to the clients wants and needs.  I have been getting my hair cut and colored here for well over 12 years.  Thank you very much
5	Alida Walters did a lighter retouch on my hair tonight and I love it! She also refreshed the rest of my hair and got it to the perfect tone! It's beautiful :)
5	Jenny brown did a phonomal job on my color and cut. I loove it! The while school was very nice and clean. I felt very confident with jenny and the teachers helping her. Can't wait to hi again!
5	Had 10" cut off my hair and now I'm stylin a cute short new look.  The price is right and the technician was fabulous.  Thanks Jenny Brown, job well done.
