4	This place is known for their pizza, but personally, I find the pizza mediocre and overpriced. So why 4 stars?  The best hot subs I've ever had! The other italian dishes I've tried have been good as well, but the subs set Streets of New York apart from the rest. At dinner time, everone gets a complimetnary bowl of bread and marinara sauce.
3	Good Cheese and Pepperoni Pizza (7 out of 10) but don't try to get too fancy anything beyond basic hasn't been very good. Service is hit and miss, our family has been to eat at this location at least 6 times and it has declined in the last 6 months.
3	Just another pizza place. just about as good as NYPD but since I have started doing NY's thin crust I give them the nod.I like the service.  Sometimes they are show but they are always friendly. sometimes they give me bread sticks on the side with marinara.  I like them.  If I am in the area I will hit it. Not the best, but certainly not bad.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere7 Value
2	I felt like pizza so this was closest stop. Haven't been here in a really long time so decided to give it a whirl. The board outside said 2 slices and a coke for 4.50. Sign said seat yourself. Ordered a water to drink, was a toss up between a sandwich or pizza/wings. Decided to go with special. Server comes over I ordered she said the special is actually 4.95 not 4.50, well then change it. Anyways not a big deal, she didn't ask if I wanted aCoke I'm assuming because she seen my water. Food came out and it looked good. I was disappointed that the crust was too doughy and may have ruined the extra cheese experience. Meh...not rushing back..
3	So, these guys just got a new GF Pizza, so of course I had to try it out and add it to my list! The pizza was just okay... Also had a pear and walnut salad that was good... but there was definitely something in there that contained gluten; Celiac's eat with caution haha.It has an interesting atmosphere... a lot of little knick-knacks, a fake tree and "patio" in the middle of the restaurant. Decent service, though!
2	Haven't been here in years, but decided to revisit.Service was slow - took forever to get someone to even approach the table and the place was not crowded at all.Food was fair at best.  My son's chicken parm was not warm throughout and had to be taken back.  Pasta dishes were ok, but nothing to write home about...sauces were lacking.  There are much better places.Sorry, gotta tell it like it is.  We won't be going back.  It's a shame because they could really play off of the 'authentic' Italian thing, but it's just not happening.  The best thing we enjoyed about our visit was the warm breadsticks with marinara.
2	Its been almost two years since I have eaten at any of the Street's of New York restaurants, and I guess I expected it to be better than it was. And less expensive. We wanted pizza for dinner one night but I was tired of all the regular delivery places so we decided to get some Street's. They don't deliver to our area so we picked up. We ordered the pear gorgonzola dinner salad and a medium thin crust margarita pizza. While the salad was good, there were hardly enough toppings to account for the $8 price tag. Maybe 1/8 of a cup of combined cheese, nuts and cranberries, along with four quarters of a pear which were canned on top of maybe half a bag of field greens. This is a tasty salad, and maybe enough for one small person to eat but not enough for any normal person to feel satisfied on. The pizza was also good, but again not worth the $16 it cost. Thin crust, no sauce, tomatoes, basil that I could smell but found no leaves (weird), topped with cheese. My husband could have polished this off on his own if I had let him. It was hardly filling. You think that going thin crust getting less calories should be less expensive as well since the amount of dough used is way less. But I guess I was wrong in that logic. I was really disappointed. I used to really love Street's and would order from them all of the time but now its just become too expensive. I have been to many places where I can order way more for the $28 in total (with a small tip) that we spent here. It makes me sad but I probably wont be ordering from here again.
4	We'ver ordered out for delievery here twice(never eatten in the resturant itself). Both times though the food was really good..The capicolla sub though is a bit spicier then what we're used too but still great. We love the passion bread and well, we haven't even tried the pizza yet but the pasta is wonderful and I have to say their deserts are great too.
5	Staff friendly and food was good.  They have by far the best chicken wings and pizza I have found in Chandler.  Place is clean (that includes the restrooms) and the waitress was always checking on us (I like that kind of service).  I would reccomed this place to the pickiest pizza lovers.
2	I've tried a sampling of their pizza at a food festival before and I thought I remember it being pretty decent. We planned to hang out with an out-of-town friend at his hotel in Chandler and get takeout. The Streets of New York said delivery would take 45 min. We ordered a margarita pizza which is usually a safe bet at any pizza place. It took an hour and the pizza guy went to the wrong Radisson hotel. So after about an hour and 15 min we got our pie. We were all a little disappointed to be honest. No sauce, sparse cheese, and because of the sparse cheese the minute you pick up a square the chopped tomatoes fall off because there is nothing holding them on. Too bad. I'm a big pizza fan and this was just sad .
2	we had this pizza delivered to our friends hotel room whilst visiting one evening. although the wait time was 45 minutes, we were drinking so it was no worries. after clarifying the location, the delivery went to the wrong hotel. well, no worries there because we all get lost at times. but the pizza, i thought, was subpar. a margarita pizza with no sauce. i thought all margarita pizza's came with red sauce. that's why we get those because in my previous pizza experience, they load them with red sauce. anyway, i was disappointed and with so many options that we do love, doubtful we'll hit up SONY again.
1	Streets of New York failed us miserably.My wife and I moved from Michigan to Chandler about two months ago. We had been occasionally ordering pizzas from Hungry Howie's or Papa John's, but after John Schnatter made some ridiculous comments about having to raise prices a whopping 14-30 cents because of the Affordable Care Act, we decided we should be ordering from local restaurants, preferably those that take care of the employees that helped build their businesses. For some inexplicable reason, Streets of New York decided not to do business with us.On a Sunday evening, I placed a very simple order using their web site, which is obviously handled by a third party. I ordered a 14" pizza with mixed bell peppers and pepperoni from the Ray & Kyrene location. The price was $21.50 plus tip. This is at least twice what I would have paid from one of the national pizza chains, but I didn't care because I was happy to support a local business. I received a confirmation email at exactly 5:30 pm that stated my dinner would arrive between 45 and 60 minutes later.At 6:40 pm (70 minutes later), I called the restaurant to inquire as to the whereabouts of my pizza. My wife and I were quite hungry at this point. The woman I talked to told me, without ever ascertaining my identity, that the driver was running behind but was on his way.At 6:49 pm (79 minutes in, now), the restaurant called me and I was advised again that the driver was running behind and due to the delay, I could not expect my dinner for approximately thirty more minutes. My patience, already stretched, was beginning to thin.At 7:21 pm (111 minutes after ordering), I again called the restaurant, this time to simply cancel the order. The woman who answered the phone asked me if I was sure that's what I wanted to do (I was) because the driver had just left with my pizza and would arrive soon. I told her I had been told that before and simply wanted to cancel, and she stated she knew the status of my order and again said that it was already on the way. Amused by this, I asked her to tell me my name, since I hadn't introduced myself earlier and she hadn't asked. She stammered a bit about looking through her orders and then put me on hold for approximately a minute. Another woman then picked up the line and introduced herself as Amber, claiming to be the manager, and asked how she could help me. Again, I told her that I simply wanted to cancel my order. Again, she claimed that the driver had just left with three or four pizzas and was on his way. What she apparently didn't grasp was that this had been claimed much earlier and Streets of New York had already lost all credibility, and furthermore I just didn't care. She offered to give me 20% off my next order; again, I explained to her that I didn't want 20% off another order and that price wasn't the issue, I just wanted to cancel. She asked me what she could do for me and again I told her to cancel the order and reverse the authorization on my credit card. She finally obliged me, releasing my wife and me from a nearly two-hour wait for dinner. We went to Five Guys for burgers instead.What should have been an enjoyable evening spent watching Netflix and enjoying a pizza from a local establishment was ruined by the staff's inability to make and deliver a pizza, or to provide basic customer service in the event of their failure. It is unlikely that we will ever again attempt to do business with Streets of New York given that we were ignored and repeatedly lied to by their staff.
3	good but not great.
2	Service was terrible and the restaurant had very few customers. Our chicken wings came out cold so we sent them back. Salad that I ordered was missing some of the ingredients on the menu . Would not return to this location.
5	We were going out on a very busy night, and decided to go to our local Streets location for dinner.  The service was excellent.  They introduced a new item on the menu - the Broasted Chicken.  My husband and I are both big fans of good, fresh fried chicken, and we're really not into KFC - so we decided to give this a try - and we've been back 4 times for the chicken since!  It's crispy on the outside, very lightly coated, and juicy on the inside - and not greasy!  It's pressure cooked, so you don't have the grease of typical fried chicken.  We've invited friends there and they raved about it as well.  Give Streets of New York at Ray and Kyrene a chance - the chicken is what you'll be back for, time and again!
1	Health Department will be notified of this place.  Under no circumstance should bloody raw chicken be served!!  Never will I return to this place!  So glad my kids didn't touch any of the chicken.  I let the acting manager/ server know about it.  All she said was : "yeah that's disgusting and she will let her manager know". No REAL manager on duty and there was only a couple people in entire restaurant!  Not a good place!  I will never return here !  Disgusting!
