3	Ulta is like the red-headed stepsister to Sephora. There are some nice products but not as many as you will find at Sephora.... And pricing is pretty much identical, I have yet to find anything at Ulta that is cheaper then Sephora. I stopped into Ulta to do some Christmas shopping because I was emailed a coupon offering me 20% off my entire purchase. Only not really... The "prestige" cosmetic lines are not discountable, which makes what the coupon can be used on pretty limited. I did end up finding a couple items that the coupon was valid on.. and then I headed over to Sephora with the coupon they emailed me (which had no brand restrictions). Will I be back? Only if they email me a good coupon and I need something that isn't considered "prestigious".
2	Ive only been to this Ulta once and the girl that helped me ( a red head) was very rude to me. I walked out. ther's now way in heck I'm supporting a business that is rude. Its a poor man's Sephora but I was willing to give it a try just b/c its closer to my house than a Sephora is. Its sad when one person can ruin it for everybody else. I mentioned that I previously purchased an item in the past and was looking for another one. Without going into details that make this story long she used this story as an opportunity to insult Sephora and all the products they carry. Really?EVERYTHING you sell in the store that isnt carried by walmart or Ulta brand is ALSO carried in Sephora. Their inventory puts yours to shame. If your angle to improve your business is to insult the competition, I'd rethink your strategy. Most importantly: start with not insulting me and the products that I was going to purchase in your storeI wont go back here unless its an ultimate emergency...and seeing as how there are 4 Sephoras in town I'll drive across town to go there b4 I go here again. and if i did return I'd be sure to say no thanks when asked if I need help.
2	Three reasons why I go to Ulta:1. They always send coupons every week2.I only buy Biolage, Redken or Paul Mitchell when they have the promo (buy 2 get 1 free)3.Close to my apt.People that work here aren't really helpful..surprise..surprise... I had to get a quick bang trim and was told that my appointment was at 7:15.. didn't get seated until 7:45.. just so that she can mess up my bangs.I was charged $20 dollars for a bang and a couple of layers. I am not an expert on cutting hair but the girl that used to trim my bangs back home did not have the same techniques as she did. I wasn't mad since it was my fault anyways that I didn't book elsewhere. Needless to say, I will never go back.
2	I have shopped at ULTA many times and usually have a decent experience. Not since moving to Henderson though. I use the ULTA rewards and back in California the points accumulate and you may use them towards anything in the store that your little heart desires. That is not the case here, you can only get certain items that you could purchase at target or walmart for cheaper than ULTA offers anyways. Also, the coupons that are frequently in my mailbox offering great savings do NOT work on any of the nice cosmetics I go there to buy, in fact you can't use the coupon on any thing "high end" because they limit the "Prestige cosmetics and skincare."  Its funny because the coupon says prestige then lists some brands but they mean all brands except what you can find at target and walmart as well as ULTA brand you are also not allowed to use the coupon on fragrances. The ULTAs in CA let you use the coupon on most makeup brands and fragrance among many other items in the store that the Henderson stores do not. I'm not really sure why there is such a difference, but my trips to ULTA are limited to what is actually on sale in the ad because the coupons are a joke and the staff is less than pleasant.
4	I can definitely agree with another reviewer's description  of Ulta as the red-headed stepsister to sephora. Sephora is the mother of all product junkies' one stop shops. Ulta is where you go if you don't have the time or patience to run to Sephora and are not partial to online shopping.I've never had any major problems at this Ulta-I know what they carry and I always know what I want when I run in here, so that helps. The line is usually very long, especially when they've just released their quarterly 20% off coupons which apply to everything in the store including fragrance and their prestige lines which aren't covered with their usual coupons. They've expanded in the past five years with more high end make up lines, but I can't really comment on those because I hardly ever buy make up. Actually, unless it's Bare Escentuals, I don't buy it. They have a great selection of hair products such as salon-style brushes, products like Redken, Frederic Fekkai, and CHI, all of which I highly recommend. They're pricey, but like any product well worth it, they make a difference and last a while. And it doesn't hurt to stock up when you get the elusive 20% off coupon. They also have pretty frequent sales on many of their haircare products, so if you find something you like there's a good chance you can get a discount at some point or another and fill up a cabinet or two.My only complaint is customer service which is almost never attentive on the floor-they don't appear to be well-staffed. Or they have a phantom staff issue-people not being where they're supposed to be.Overall, if you get familiar with what Ulta has, you know that you don't come here as a substitute for Sephora, more as a convenient effort at staying pretty.
1	I am from out of town and have never been to an Ulta.  After my experience I don think I will ever go out of my way to come again.  I got lost, and couldn't find the place so I called and told them where I was, and asked if they could give me a landmark or tell me how close I was.  The girl on the phone was snappy, "ya I know where you are..." my only reason for coming was to pick up some products for a friend of mine.  After I got there I was there 10 mins before they opened.  So I sat in my car waiting, but you could see every time they had to let am employee in, they would shoot the people that were waiting to get in a dirty look.  Finally after letting us in, I thought that one of the ladies waiting outside was going to pass out from the heat.  She had asked where she could get some water.  The employee stood there saying, yah I have to wait outside too sometimes.  Finally, I got my products only to try and pay, and get another staff member budge in the middle to have a personal conversation.  Just rude staff, stuck up and self centered.  Save your business and go to a Sephora.
1	I usually go to ULTA on Eastern for all my beauty needs but I stepped into this one (well tried to) to grab a pair of eyelashes and sunscreen for work . When I drove up to the store it was 6:02 PM on a sunday night, I know my way around the store and knew I would just be a minute, even faster if I would have had someone help me. However, when I got to the door there was a woman standing by it, instead of greeting me she immediately told me they were closed, meanwhile there was a line of 7 customers and one cashier ringing them out. When I tried to tell her politely that I just needed sunscreen for work she immediately interupted me to repeat that they were closed. I definitely walked away without what I needed and went to walgreens to buy it instead. What ever happened to providing great customer service to people that are so loyal to your company? Needless to say the customer service here is awful, they are more worried about keeping customers out then letting them spend their money with them. I will never make the mistake of coming here again.
2	It always seems like I visit Ulta when I'm looking my worst.  I am not sure why this is.  Maybe it's because I look in the mirror and realize that I am in dire need of overpriced cosmetics to salvage my face for the day.  Whatever the reason, I always keep ending up here.  That being said, I don't know why I really keep coming back, especially since the nearby JCPenney has a Sephora now (which is infinitely better).  The last time I visited, the Lancome salesperson scared me a little bit.  Lancome makes my favorite formula of lipstick, and I decided I wanted a new shade.  I asked for the salesperson's advice, and she pulls out this light, frosty pink shade.  I was dubious, but I tried it anyway... I was one acid-wash jacket away from having a total 80's throwback moment.  Worst of all, she tried to tell me that it made me look "radiant."  Wow.  I really wonder how these people receive their training.  On more than one occasion, I've been "pimped" something that very obviously doesn't work for me.  One sales associate tried to sell me the wrong shade of foundation... when you demo a foundation and your client has the skin tone of an overripe banana, you've done something wrong.  Also, the sales associates are few and far between and have, on multiple occasions, refused to leave whatever stocking job they are working on to help me.  I have also had to wait in line for waaaaaay too long several times because one poor salesperson was stuck ringing people up while the others stood around shooting the breeze.Sephora... Sephora's where it's at.  Not Ulta.  Ick.
4	This is a store of beauty products that are for laypeople, not professionals.  I like Sally's OK, but I prefer Ulta because they have everything I need.  The staff are helpful and can give you advice on the products.  I like their deals.
2	Ulta, Ulta, Ulta... I am always disappointed when I come here. Why do I keep coming back? I receive Ulta catalogs in the mail and I am usually intrigued by some of the products they have on sale. Their sales are GOOD. Just recently I received a catalog which had TIGI Bedhead items on sale for breast cancer awareness month.Of course - when I went to the store there were none to be found. "Limited quantities!". They must put about 3 of each item into each store because this is not the first time this has happened to me.Maybe if I could actually get some on sale items they boast so much about I would be back here to perhaps buy other things besides the on sale items. But really.... when I show up and the store NEVER has the items I drive out of my way for... The store itself is much smaller than say, Sephora, with less selection. The employees often greet you, but I've never really been helped by anyone. It's not great, it's not bad, it's just meh.
2	I reviewed Ulta as a store a while back and was prepared to update that review and add a star. The biggest issue I had with the store was their coupon policy. In the past, coupons would get sent out regularly but they always excluded the better brands which really limited what the coupon worked on. Not anymore! Ulta has been sending out coupons for 20% off your purchase fairly regularly these days, and those coupons ARE good on the 'prestige' brands. As I said, I was going to update this review to add a star. Had I written this update a few weeks ago like I originally planned, I'd be giving Ulta 4 stars. My recent experience with the Ulta Salon has left a LOT to be desired though, so I am actually bumping Ulta down to 2 stars, at least for the time being...I noticed a sign for $25 gel manicures at Ulta and decided to give them a try, as my regular nail place has been a little disappointing lately. I made an appointment for 7:30 pm on a Friday. I arrived 15 minutes early to my appointment and went directly to the salon desk to check in. The girl at the desk was the girl that took my appointment call, and also ended up doing my nails. She never told me her name and had a very unprofessional and poor attitude. Apparently she was supposed to be leaving work at 8, but was staying late to do my nails. She proceeded to gripe about her manager making her stay late, whine about how she shouldn't be asked to help clean the salon since she was working late, and ranted about how her two earlier appointments were no shows... I had to point out that she missed my thumb on my right hand. She painted the ring finger of my left hand the wrong color. My nails were not filed straight and when I left I had polish on my fingers that I had to remove myself. I could have spoken up about the shoddy job but at the time, it would have resulted in spending more time with her, and I doubt the manicure quality would have been any better. So I decided to wait and discuss it with the salon manager.I called the salon and spoke to the manager on Monday. She was extremely apologetic, and seemed to really want to fix the issue. She asked me to come in for a refund AND a redo of the mani, which I thought was great. I honestly would have been content with just a redo.  The new appointment was set for 5 pm on Tuesday, the following day. Again, I arrived at Ulta 15 minutes early for my appointment and checked in at the salon. 25 minutes later, with a basket full of items I want to purchase, I am called back to the salon. The manager was out sick. They had tried to call me but the person that took my phone number when I made the original appointment wrote the number down wrong. I ended up getting my money refunded, and a promise that the manager would call me (at the right number) to reschedule. If that happens, I will update this again.
3	I was never called by the manager to reschedule my manicure... I finally tried calling Ulta again after waiting a week, and was able to make an appointment to get my nails redone. Apparently the person that refunded my money and said she would have the manager call me never told the manager to call me. There is a definitely lack of communication and follow through by this store's employees. Alex, the store manager, did her best to make my nails look the way I wanted. I was looking for flat black, nothing too fancy, something I have had other nail salons do without any issues. Despite trying to different brands of polish, she could not get my nails black. I ended up having her paint them a deep dark purple instead, which was nice enough, but not really what I wanted. Overall, I wasn't impressed with the manicure. There was polish feathering and creepage on the edges of my nails, giving them a messy look. I am not sure if it's the brand of polish being used, the light being used to cure the gel, or just the way it is being applied... but I know I can get a better quality gel manicure at other shops in town for the same price.Ulta stepped their game up with regard to coupons, I just recieved another for 20% off my entire purchase in the mail, so I know I will be back to shop soon. The Ulta salon is not worth returning though in my opinion...
3	I like coming here only because it is a stand alone store that saves me time going thru the mall stopping at different department stores.Here they have a decent selection of most of my favorite brands and good choice of travel size products to choose from, alot TSA approved.What I dont care for is the way it's merchandised. The store layout is somewhat disorganized and all over the board.  I see the cosmetics are divided in two general sections the left side for the higher end, right side drug store name brand. Fragrances, hair products in mid section. So go figure, why is it I found Stila makeup kits on an endcap on the right side section of the drug store name brand area. Or some fragrances for that matter. Poor marketing design. I do like though the display station of hair dryers where you can test out how they work.Prices are set retail prices. They do run special sales and some gift w/purchase deals, but only known by reading sale or email advertising. No signage or advertising of some of these deals if you just walk in there. Beauty sales consultants on floor for the designated brands have been helpful. I am pleased with the  products recommended for me. There's always a line at the cash register whenever I go, but it's not too long of a wait. A plus they did honor my coupon even though I misread the start date of the sale.Overall, it's a nice one stop shop beauty products .
1	Came here for a blowout since it was so close to my house. I made an appt 4 days before and the person who helped me said it wouldn't be an issue for 1pm. I explained that I needed to be somewhere later in the day and that it was important I got in and out. Well needless to say, I waited for 30 minutes and eventually had to leave without my blowout! I checked in 10 minutes early so not to be late and the girl who was supposed to help me was cutting someone else's hair. She said it would be a few minutes so I thought I was okay. But it looked like she just started on someone who walked in. Once 20 minutes passed by, I decided it would have been easier to do my own hair instead of wasting my time. I spoke to the hairdresser and told her I was leaving and all she could say was sorry. I explained, nicely, that if someone make an appt that its important not to keep them waiting. She could only apologize and said I could wait if I wanted. I clearly didn't have time too since it takes 30 minutes to begin with. She asked if I wanted to speak to the salon manager and I did. The manager could not offer me anything for my time. She just kept saying she was sorry and I could wait since all the hairdressers were busy with other clients. In the end, I was just super disappointed with the timeliness and professionalism of the staff. Seriously, there's nothing you can do?? Nothing? You lost a customer today.
4	love this place.  They have free perfume samples. I can spend some serious time in a make up store.  So I'm glad my husband was with me.  lol
2	There are only 2 reasons I come here - okay, one big reason - Shellane! She is the best hair stylist I have ever had. I have never once had to bring a picture of what I want. During our first appointment she asked me a lot of questions about my morning routine, did I use product or not? Do I want to use product? How much time do I have to spend on my hair? etc. She then created this gorgeous look that I was able to recreate perfectly again and again afterwards. Every time I see her, I am soooo happy  with the results - she gets me. She is very hard to book, so if you are lucky enough to get her - make sure you book your next appointment right away and don't miss it (more on that later)!That being said, this isn't a review on Shellane, it's a review of Ulta. This particular Ulta's customer service SUCKS! When you call the salon nobody EVER answers. I tried at least 5 times over a couple of weeks to book my appointment and nobody ever answered the phone. So I went in-store to book my appointment with Shellane. I waited for 5 minutes at the counter and nobody came to help me. I figured maybe the receptionist got pulled away for a minute, so I walked around the store for a few other items I needed. I came back, waited another 5 minutes and still nobody showed up. I had to go to the front counter and complain to get someone to help me. I missed one appointment with Shellane and it took me a month and a half to reschedule (after trying to call several times and going in-store I finally got an appointment). Also, there is nobody on the floor to help you shop for products and if you're lucky enough to catch someone as they're speed walking from the front to the back, they have no knowledge of the products!Honestly, if Shellane wasn't the best hairdresser I've ever had - I would have started shopping elsewhere months ago! Oh and if you're wondering what the second reason was - They (meaning corporate Ulta) have a pretty cool rewards program.
4	I have been going to the Green Valley location off and on for as long as it has been open. I have always had a great experience and found the staff to be helpful whether it was at the Benefit Bar or just general store questions. I knew they had a salon but never bothered to check it out until recently. My hair was in a state of crisis, the kind where you don't even bother to wear it down kind of crisis. My stylist was Melissa and she was as sweet as can be and really attentive when I was explaining to her exactly what I DIDN'T want. An hour later I walked out feeling sassy and had a great cut for not that much money. I will definitely go back to see Melissa for regular cuts...she keeps trying to get me to trust her with color, but that's a work in progress.
5	This review is in response to the services I've received at Ulta's salon.For a very long time, I went to Mark at Super Cuts at Eastern and Serene. However, once he left to pursue other options, I impulsively got a haircut by Bethany at the Ulta salon while purchasing some facial care. Thankfully, it all worked out, have used Bethany for several months and plan on continuing our hair relationship for as long as humanly possible.What I like about  Bethany is that at first, she understood that I wanted simple things done to my hair. Conservative. Nothing crazy. Each time she made me feel more comfortable with her stylish ways, and we agreed to do something new to my hair. Longer layers, shorter layers, more layers, a few new angles or cuts, and this most recent time we added some gorgeous reddish-copper color highlights to my hair and I LOVE THEM. They're perfect. Subtle enough to be professional, but the color pops enough to give me a little spunk, and I like spunk.She's great to talk to, relaxed and a good listener. She makes suggestions but she understands the client's need. I love that Ulta strives to have well-trained stylists, enthuses their employees to continue their training and certifications and hires personable employees who do great work and make very happy customers (who have subsequently purchased many styling and hair products I normally would have never purchased had it not been for a great, subtle hairstylist).
4	So I started going to this ulta because Bethany works here,  She made my hair from a dark red with black undertones to an amazing ash blonde exactly how I wanted. I come to this ulta at least once a month to get my roots retouched and to get a conditioning treatment witch I would highly recommend for anyone with brittle hair. I also get my eye brows dyed at the salon. I go to the benefit brow bar for my eye brows because Reyna does an AMAZING job. I've never been do happy with my brows. All in all I like this place. The people who work there can be rude at times and that makes me not even want to go into the store. But I know I'm getting good treatment for my hair/eyebrows at a decent price. The staff should just be nicer. Lol
5	Coming here from LA I was so excited to see an Ulta. I really was in doubt they carried carols daughter products , I figured I would have to go to the North Las Vegas side. I came in & they were stocked with her product. I will be a faithful customer.
2	I LOVE ulta, but this store needs some serious work, it seems like everytime I go to this one they NEVER carry what I need (at the time it was clinique foundation) for a stand alone store they really lack proper variety and inventory, and they blame it on "being a smaller store" ummmm, the place isnt small!  So sadly anymore since thats the closest one I have to me, I just go to galleria mall to get what I need since I never have a problem there with the different department stores.
4	I'm not really into beauty products as a whole, but when I need anything for my hair/make-up/skin, etc - I like to go to Ulta.  They always put great coupons in the Sunday paper, which is a big draw for me.  I love coupons!  I guess this is a pretty big Ulta store - I'm from the East, so we actually don't even have Ulta there.  It's apparently the only stand alone Ulta in all the lands.  The employees are usually pretty friendly.  My only complaint about this particular store is that there is no public restroom.  If you have kids or an overactive bladder, make sure you don't have to go!
5	Stopped at Ulta after work to browse and look for a new face wash. As picky and sensitive as I am, I asked two associates for help-Susan and Florence-who each helped me for at least 30 minutes. Susan assisted me first (she was patient, informative and helpful), but after I went back to searching on my own I was still stuck. I was comparing reviews of products on my phone when Florence started assisting me. Unfortunately, Ulta doesn't give samples, but Florence said I could try out her favorite product in their salon sink to get a feel for it. She went above and beyond, and gave her own advice plus suggestions based on what she's seen work best for others. Totally didn't feel like she was just trying to sell me products, unlike when I go to Sephora. This location has a great staff and a huge selection.
3	5 stars for selection3.5 stars for service1 star for outrageous pricesUlta. I tend to have a love/hate relationship with the place. I know I can get the product cheaper, but I love the convenience of being able to get every beauty product I need in one place. Usually that comes with spending an extra $20 per hundred on average. I called the day of the OPI Gwen Stefani release nail polish and asked that they put a certain product aside for me so it didn't sell out. They had no problem doing it, however a little communication goes a long way because when I arrived the crew working looked at me somewhat crazy. After explaining myself twice they realized the product I asked for was sitting behind them set aside with my name on it the whole time. Sign up for the rewards program. You get points, and a free product depending on how much you spend. This will also include a email newsletter with offers and coupons. I personally think they should pay employees a little more, or have a better training session when hired. Not disappointed,  but nothing exciting either.
1	The Salon over books & stylist not that good with cut, color or style. They overbooked us so we ran very late. My girls & I got our hair cut, colored & styled with 3 different stylist and neither of us like it. You would think one of us would. Well lucky it's just hair & will grow out but sad we have to live with it for at least 3 months.The store looks old, not enough tester stations & product stock is low or non-existent.I recommend trying another Ulta.
5	I'm such a huge fan if Ulta and thought in previous times to try out their hair salon and I'm so happy that I did Alexandra took care of me, she was super friendly and definitely recommended hairstyles that would flatter me. I'm so happy I went with her recommendation I'm completely in love with my hairstyle! I plan to definitely come back again and have her take care of me. I got a peekaboo done and she explained that in two weeks I can come back and get more blonde or add more to my style! I'm definitely coming back and bringing my mom this time! =)
5	If you want quality salon work then you come to ULTA. Judith for hair and Daryl for skin work. They will always hook you up and leave you feeling great.
1	This Salon Ruiend My Hair, and they want to blame it on me having bleached hair. If they felt my hair was so bleached then they should have monitered my hair like a fine tooth comb.Insted they put me under a dryer (which 2 other  salons said they would never have done that) They overlapped the bleach on my roots  and Fried my hair!!I now have a bald spot with 1/4-1/2 inch of hair,on the whole back of my scalp.My  hair is completely ruined with a few long strands left on my head.I sent pictures to a top knotch salon in Beverly Hills CA. and they called me back and said the same thing the Salons I actuley went to for consults here in town.They should have Never put me under a dryer and then leave me, she should and put highlift color on my hair and would have gotten the same result.I have been a blonde for over 13yrs and have never had this happen. When I  went for a second opionin to two salons they both agreed this could have been prevented.I have a friend who has been bleaching her hair for 9 years with  30-40volume and never had this happen because she has Professional Stylist who knows what they are doing.They want to blame on me for  wanting  blonde hair.I wonder if all the movie stars you see on TV with Bleach Blonde hair have bald spots on the back of their head.?I spend Alot of MONEY at this store and I am ver upset.
5	A make up lover's paradise, I absolutely love coming to this specific location. Everyone who works here always has great service to offer especially Cheetarah she is full of great energy and knowledge. Definitely consult her if you need help with your brows she will hook you up !! I also love that they recommend stuff you need instead of trying to beat around the bush and selling you stuff that you don't need. This is definitely my go-to makeup store for sure.
2	I've been to many Ulta's and this one was by far the worst I've ever been to. The place was so unorganized they didn't have many products that I was looking for and when I asked one of the employees she told me they had been out for a month and wasn't able to tell me when they would be getting new shipment in. The employee didn't seem to know where anything was either . They mostly were all chit chatting instead of helping customers. I definitely won't be going back to this Ulta.
5	First time here and I'm hooked. Much better than Sephora. I think ULTA carries a wonderful selection of everything and I love that unlike other beauty shops, this place smells neutral. The staff was incredibly friendly. I really liked that Susan took the time to discuss my skin issues with me. On a whim, I decided to get a facial. I highly recommend Daryl. She is incredible and very professional. I've been to many high end spas/salons and this facial was by far the best I've had. My skin felt and looked fabulous.I ended up buying some cleanser and moisturizer by a skincare line called Dermalogica. It's amazing.I read some of the previous reviews and anyone who thinks this place is "unorganized" is insane. Either they can't read or they don't know what they are looking for.I am indeed going to return.
5	I came to have some braids with an updo for an event last Saturday ... I have to say i had the best experience at Ulta.  I was helped by a stylist named Tammy!  Her daughter works here as well.  Tammy did an amazing job on the braids and up-do and even recommended products for my hair type to help in stopping breakage/damage!  Thank you so much Tammy for going that Extra Mile!  I had a stellar night and it was because of You!!!  Thanks for making my hair so Beautiful!  Well worth the money!
5	Beth  in the beauty salon did a wonderful job with highlights/lowlights and cut on my hair!
5	I try not to go into this store for small items like lotion or hair accessories because then I end up putting a lot of things in my bag. This store gets over $100 from me every time I enter it. So I try and accumulate my needs to atleast once every 2-3 months and just spurlge all at once. I love to buy shampoo, make-up, exfoliantes, lotions, and perfume here. My most Ulta exciting moment was when I racked up so many points that my level exceeded 6 (the highest). I was a 7! Whoa! (The jokes on me because I'm the one spending money) There are products I will not purchase here. Nail polish--I saw one for almost $30! Blow dryer attachments (they don't carry), or anything I can get cheaper at Walmart as far as nail clippers, tweezers, etc. I'm cheap in many ways, but I'll spend money if the product yields results.Once my $3.50 coupon didn't start until a few days later and one of the cashiers gave me a in-store coupon for $14 off. I don't know what kind of coupon that was but it was certainly better than the one I had. I never have bad experiences at this store. They are always friendly and the cashiers always remind me of good deals I've overlooked and hook me up with samples! FUN!
1	I'm at Ulta often enough to receive membership rewards/gain steady points each quarter. I got an email for a free item on my birthday and decided to stop in yesterday. I was with my husband and being that it was my birthday, we were in good spirits and walking around the store laughing and having a good time browsing (not to the point where we were disturbing anyone). Well, apparently happiness in Ulta is the sign of a potential thief. We were relentlessly followed around the store from about 10 minutes of us being there until the moment I went on line. It was obvious, unnecessary, and extremely rude. At one point we were in an aisle looking at facial cleaners (which come in LARGE BOXES, hello!) and an employee walks past us saying nothing, then parks herself at the end of the aisle, as if she were guarding us. I move to another aisle to look at hair products, a different employee circled us, another pretended to be reading a sign... (really guys?) It was so over the top and the opinion of us was so apparent that I started to feel very uncomfortable and could no longer shop around. As we were walking from the back of the store toward the front, what looked like a supervisor/manager sees us coming, and (I kidd you not) turns her back to us and starts a fake conversation with another employee, as if she's a customer looking for hair color. It was so odd, I've NEVER been treated like that in a store before. I really don't know what the hell they based their assumptions on, aside from appearance (I have a more "alternative" look)? I can't say I'd ever return. Worth mentioning- their Ulta brand items have not been FULLY re-stocked for going on a year now! I have no idea what's going on with that, but I noticed it in DECEMBER that the entire section doesn't seem to be replenished at all...and it's always a mess. Yesterday it was the worst I have ever seen it- there were used napkins from someone wiping makeup off their face and they were scattered all over the counter! Disgusting.How about instead of harassing customers, pick up a goddamn garbage bag and clean up?
5	This review is for the facials I receive here from Deryl! She is awesome and professional and always leaves my skin glowing . She is absolutely fabulous and I love her . She takes time on your skin and really listens to what you want . I cannot recommend her enough. I am a student so I can't afford super expensive facials but I always get the 20$ go and glow facial! Thank you Deryl xoxox
1	Every time i come in to this location I always get followed around. I think they have something against you if you are a person of color.
2	Register service was not pleasant. I'm not sure if the girl who rang me up just didn't like me, but she was nice to everyone else until I got up to her.
2	I got an email for a free mascara on my birthday.  I made a trip to the store to pick up the item but they were out of stock.  I was told they were getting a large shipment in a couple of weeks but it's been a month and a half and they don't have it, don't know when it will come in, and won't give a substitute.  I've run into this problem with rain checks too.  I've been waiting over a year for a rain-check product.  I might have to switch over to Sephora as Ulta is not a well-run company in my opinion.
5	When I lived on this side of town, this store was my home away from home. I would troll the aisles for all things new and exciting, be it for a new eyeshadow, perfume, or nail polish. They have it all. Their staff has always been patient with my oscillating foundation wants and very gracious in letting me return them shortly thereafter. I know they do that for everyone, but I like to think I'm special and that I'm the only one. A girl's gotta dream, right?
5	Ulta store brand is crap... but they have prestige hair care with a selection that is unbeatable. Shop the liter sale and get joico, matrix, Paul Mitchell and redkin for $15.99 for bottles that sale for $33. They also have a huge hair tools section with a wide range of brands. By lancome here but shop the department stores first for gift with purchase. This location doesn't have clinique.
