4	**UPDATE** Oneway has moved to 2316 Lasalle St. Charlotte NC 28216. It has not closedI really enjoyed my first experience eating here. It's fairly new so finding the location may be a little challenging for those not familiar with uptown Charlotte but it is directly adjacent from the courthouse buildings in between Quiznos and Pizzeria. It is certainly built to cater to the stop & go, fast paced lunch crowds which are usually there peak times but they operate from 7a-3p with breakfast and lunch offerings. Everything thing is made cooked to order and the taste of eastern style southern cooking is second to none. I had the Pork BBQ which was very tender, juicy and flavored well. The Smoked turkey was also very rich & moist, seasoned to a nice texture.  For my sides I had Sweet Potato fries and coleslaw complimented my meal just right. Best of all the service was great, made to order food takes a little longer to get, but it is worth the wait. Staff always asks how you enjoyed your meal when you dine in and there is a WiFi spot for those that want to stay productive & connected while enjoying a good meal. I was glad I stopped in and you will be too if you decide to do the same :-)
4	I smelled the aroma of this little shop as I was walking out of the court house. I ordered a hot dog with onion strings and ordered a pint of pork barbecue to take home. The hot dog was delicious, called the one way. A funny red color on the outside, but delicious. The onion strings were also very good, but the pork barbecue was some of the best I have ever had. I will definately be back for more. The only drawback were the hushpuppies, not my favorite. The staff was friendly, helpful, and fun!
4	Next time you are Uptown Charlotte, try Bbq pork or chicken or ribs at Oneway SmokeHouse , .. You can't go wrong here .  This quick lunch place rocks the bbq .. 5.00 lunch special works , classic eastern North Carolina style baby...   The Owner and Staff really go out of their way to service You , and if you don't know what You want , they will plate a little of everything for You to please your hunger !
4	Awesome!!! Finally a place with real eastern nc style que. Best bbq sandwich I've had in a while.
4	This place took me by surprise.  From the outside, it really doesn't look like much, but when you get inside, it's a wide open, almost loft-like space, with an open kitchen and plenty of seating.But the true test, of course, is the quality of the food, and I'm happy to report that the barbecue here is on par with Old Hickory house and Bill Spoon's.  That is to say, it's really good.  Not quite as smoky as Midwood Smokehouse, but still very nice.  With One Way and those others, Charlotte is becoming a town that can actually boast of having a variety of good barbecue joints, each with its own personality.I got the $5 lunch special (your choice of BBQ meat, creamy slaw, hushpuppies, and a self-serve fountain soda with free refills), and while everything was very tasty, I was somewhat disappointed by the small portion size.  I found it almost insulting that they put only two thumb-sized hushpuppies in the basket.Lunch deal portion size aside, this place is a hit.  I'll be back, and next time I'll spring for the big platter.
4	Had I known this place was here before I went into the cluck n cup on last Friday I would have went here first.  I love brisket and any chance I get to find new places that have brisket I jump on them to compare to my beloved Elliot's.  The people were friendly, and it was almost closing time.  Now this was after I left the cluck n cup place, so I got a brisket sandwich to go.  The sauce was really peppery and spicy but good on the sandwich.  The meat had no fat on it what so ever, and that made me soo happy.  I hate fatty brisket, I understand that you need to cook the fat on the meat but once that's done simply cut it off.  And I asked the guy before I ordered it if it had fat on it, he assured me that it wouldn't that he would hook me up so I took him for his word.  Later on that night I ate the sandwich and was very happy that there was no fat, and it was actually a good sandwihc, I wish it was a little closer to where I live.  I'm not sure if I will go back and park down town again just to eat here, but it was good food.  So maybe when I'm down there again I might just stop in.  Yall should try it if you are looking for some good brisket.
4	I discovered OneWay on jury duty, really good BBQ, lean and tasty on its own, plus delicious sauces, and I loved the hush puppies - super fresh, crispy on the outside, sweet on the inside. They validate parking in the deck right there, enter off 4th street where it say Juror Parking and follow the signs. Eat local!
3	If you are serving jury duty this is the place to go.  I ordered a brisket sandwich and some fries.  They said I should get it with cheese on, so I did.  It would have been better without though.  The fries were pretty delicious.  However, while I was eating my lunch I noticed I was only looking at half of the menu.  The other half was on the opposite wall.  That is where all of the platters are.  Their platters were not too much more expensive and you get two sides.I hope I am never called for jury duty again but if I am, I will get the platter.
5	It's closed.  Bummer.  Was really excited about stopping by. Ended up calling the number and reached I am guessing the former owner.
