5	After moving to Phoenix recently I was a little worried to get my hair cut by a new hairstylist. I ended up at this salon with Michael and had a great experience! I also peeked around and saw some other haircuts being done and would trust anyone there with my hair. Friendly staff, clean and comfortable. I will be back! (; Thanks guys!!
5	I was so happy when I found out that Caroline was working here! She is seriously the best esthetician ever! She is the only one that I will allow to wax my eyebrows and she does it perfectly every single time! She really understands what I'm asking for and I leave with perfectly arched brows every time. She should really be charging a lot more for her exceptional brow waxes! She is so friendly and accommodating and I would recommend her to anyone who is looking for a brow wax! Another plus is that this brand new salon is beautiful with modern decorations and furniture and is located in downtown Phoenix's Cityscape. There is a parking garage located underground that is easy to find and make sure you bring your ticket with you because Par Exsalonce validates your parking stub! This salon is clean and convenient and they even offer online booking! But if that's not your thing, the girls at the front desk are so helpful and friendly and Carmen is so pleasant and knowledgable on the phone. Go see Caroline and you won't be disappointed!!
5	I love the location (near my office) - it's easy to fit in a haircut on Friday afternoon just before heading home for the weekend.  I have had great luck with cut and color with Ash, and I am pretty picky.  Best of all the prices are reasonable, especially in comparison to my former salon closer to home.   I also love the idea of the spa services - I only wish I had time for them!
4	If you've been looking for a chance to enjoy anything Cityscape... this will be a pro on the list! I purchased a Living Social coupon for a Brazilian wax, eyebrow shaping, and pedicure. I was looking for a spa anyway and had always been curious about the famed "Brazilian" so it was a win-win. If you are in the market for some landscaping, full body, first time or just a little, I recommend Caroline, she is a FIVE star esthetician. I was surprised at the pleasant nature of the whole "ripping hair out of my body at an alarming rate" and I attribute this solely to the company and expertise of Caroline. I booked a follow-up appointement immediately. That's how serious I am. Also, they are running a special that saves you $$ if you book three appointments, I think you pay upfront though. They also EMAIL YOU A REMINDER (how convinient is THAT?@).As far as the pericure goes: I have had better and I have had worse, so I suppose this is a solid 3. The chairs were old car seats, which look cool but are not very comfortable (granted I am pregnant and am rarely comfortable, but I thought I might actually fall out). Not to mention that you are seated on what is a two-step elevated platform, so it is cumbersome to get up AND down. The quality of polish was nice, the technique used to soften my footsies was pleasant, but I didn't feel very relaxed. In fact, I felt more relaxes when I was having all of my hair ripped out with hot wax (how is that for odd?). I do not recall the name of my pedicurist.
5	As a well groomed man, I look forward to my visits to the spa. So naturally when this well know Salon & Day Spa opened up in my neighborhood, I had to check it out! My wife had been getting her eyebrows waxed by Caroline, and she was extremely happy with her work so I decided to give her a try! It had been a while since my last wax so she had a pretty good canvas to work with. I explained to her exactly how i wanted them (clean yet manly), and she totally nailed it! Overall, the Par Exsalonce experience was very comfortable and pleasant, and I would HIGHLY recommend Caroline to anyone looking for a great esthetician!
5	I really loved this salon.  It was in a great location, they validate parking at the parking garage (it's right below the salon so you don't have to walk in the heat!), and everyone seemed very friendly.  I really loved the haircut I got from Michael and the facial was great as well.  Very relaxing.  Thanks! :)
5	I love it ,I got my brows and upper lip done here and I was kinda nervous because I never got it done.Caroline was sooo friendly and it was painless .She did not over do it on my eyebrows .They are amazing :))
5	Based on Yelp reviews, I saw Caroline for an eyebrow wax and a Shellac manicure. She did a fabulous job! The salon is running fantastic lunchtime specials - $10 eyebrows & $15 manicure ($25 for Shellac). The place is nice and Caroline is extraordinary. I will definitely go back.
3	The woman I liked so much before, Caroline, is no longer with the salon. I called and asked if they were still running the lunchtime manicure special and was told yes. When I went to check out, I was initially charged $35, the standard Shellac price. When I asked about it, I was told that Shellac was not part of the lunchtime special but she gave me the $10 discount anyway- since she could see on my record how much I was charged a few weeks ago.  The whole reason I went in the middle of my workday was to get the special. The woman who did my nails this time did an excellent job. The last time I went, there was hardly anyone in the salon. I thought it might be a fluke. This time, I only saw 2 other customers, 1 nail customer before me and 1 person waiting when I was leaving....kind of weird.
5	I have been going to Par Exsalonce for almost a year now. Initially I saw Caroline for a brow wax and tint, and she was amazing. However, she has left to teach, and I know see Deanna, who is also very friendly, and great with the wax and tint. My blonde brows are almost see through, so a good tint is a must! More recently, I decided to go in for a haircut, and I saw Tiffany. The scalp massage during the shampoo was great, she listened to my concerns and desires for my hair (only the minimum trimmed to keep it healthy, I have long, thick, wavy hair that tends toward frizzy), and she also performed a blow-out on my hair, leaving it so straight and silky smooth. The next day I called the salon to ask what product she had used in my hair, and they were quick to get back to me. The front desk personnel are always nice and friendly. I will keep going back for more!
3	par exsalonce certainly has a convenient location if you work downtown or are visiting one of the hotels or conventions in the area.  i bought a package that allows me to try a bunch of different services from this salon and so far i have not been blown away.the staff i have encountered are all very friendly and personable.  my haircut was good, which is a huge feat since i have short curly hair!  my mini-pedicure was in an uncomfortable chair and very basic.i liked the hair products that they use, but did not like the selection of nail polishes.  so far, i am a little underwhelmed but i still have a facial and a massage to go, so we will see.  (to be cont...)
5	I really only wound up going to this salon because the lovely and talented Jenn Botto started as a stylist there.  Jenny is outstanding in every way--you get a healthy dose of kindness and wit along with an amazing haircut.  Great salon and Jenn the best.  So if you want a great haircut from a gorgeous girl, go see Jenn at Par Exsalonce!
5	Unfortunately, my favorite aesthetician, Caroline, left to move on to bigger and better things. I saw a few different people for brow waxes in the past few months, finally returning to Par Exsalonce to see Deanna this week. I absolutely loved her! I am trying to grow my brows into a new fuller shape, and she completely listened to my concerns. I left with beautifully groomed brows not too thin, not too thick. She paid very close attention to detail and I couldn't be more pleased. I couldn't recommend her more! I will be seeing her from now on.I also love Par Exsalonce's online booking feature that allows me to see my last appointment date and book the same service with one click.
1	I purchased a card that gave me 5 difference services, and to say the least - its been very disappointing.  I've had an express Pedi - which was lack-luster. Firstly, if you are going to be the person doing the pedicure, you should dress appropriately for the job. The nail tech was wearing a low cut, short dress, that she had to drape a towel between her legs to cover the 'view'. There was nothing that could be done for the top - but surely if you are going have customers looking down at you, you'd wear something that didn't fall forward. She also spent a good 10 minutes of the 30 minute Pedi looking for the bits and pieces she needed to do the pedicure. As I had made an appointment a week before, you'd expect they'd be ready for you. The leg massage lasted all of 2 minutes on one leg and 1 minute on the other. Luckily I'd taken my own polish as their selection was very limited. I think they had around 15 colors.The girl doing my Pedi couldn't find the toe separators, so instead she used paper towel from the dispenser on the wall. The chairs are very uncomfortable and quite high - which was a problem when she left to let my toes dry and didn't come back. After 10 minutes I climbed out of the chair, then had to get back to floor level in order to remove the paper towel myself self and get my flip flops on.  When I got to the front desk, she was texting on her phone and talking to the other employees at the desk and looked like she had clearly forgotten about me. It was a bad first impression and experience. I thought I'd give them another try and use the hair cut option on my voucher. I called and made an appointment, and much to my dismay, when I arrived I got the same girl - my bad, I should have asked who the stylist was. But in my defense she never introduced herself the first time, so I wouldn't have known it was the same person.My hair cut was worse than the Pedicure. First off - 1 1/2 to 2 inch trim, did not mean cut 5 inches off my hair!!  While my hair needed 5 inches cut off, it was not what I had asked for.  Second - I have long hair (very long) and after she'd finished the cut (which wasn't cut in sections, she cut all of it in one go) she didn't bother to check that both side were the same length.  I had to do that at home and trim it myself.  Third - after she put the styling product in my hair, she wiped her hands (to clean them) all over her clothes. I sat there wondering how many other people she had styled today and what germs and bacteria would now be transferred to my hair!  The blow dry was just as bad as the rest of the hair cut. She didn't take the time to clip up any of my hair, out of the way, but just brush it over the top of my head. This then tangled my hair and she used the same round  style brush to then try to get the tangles out which just pulled and broke my hair. This was while she held the still running hairdryer under her arm.The entire experience was very unprofessional and I really have to wonderful if she was fully qualified as a stylist. Her actions clearly indicated she had very little training or experience or if she did, she was just plain lazy.While the voucher seemed like a great offer as an introduction to their services, it hasn't enticed me to continue using them. If anything, it has ensured I won't return and suggest other steer clear of them too.  Very, VERY disappointing.
5	Jenn cut my hair this morning and took it from a long stringy disaster to "ooh la la" within minutes! I have never walked out of a salon loving my hair so much. Their 360 degree view of downtown Phoenix from the salon was just bonus. Even if you are not a commuter, this salon is worth the trip. Love it!
4	Par Exsalonce is a great addition to CityScape.  The space is modern, clean, and very relaxing. My husband and I both bought a promotional deal earlier this summer which included 5 services - a haircut, a color glaze, a mini facial, a quick fix massage, and an express pedicure. $50 for all of these services was a complete steal! That comes out to $10 a service! Unfortunately it was a one-time only deal, but maybe they will offer it again.Here is a review for each separate service (received over a span of 4 months):HAIR CUT- I had a male stylist, and he took his time to give me a great cut. I have long, thick, straight hair, and he gave me nice, subtle bangs. The shampoo they use smells wonderful, and he included a deep protein conditioning treatment where I got to sit under those retro dome-shaped hair dryers. It was a good experience, and I liked that it didn't feel rushed. COLOR GLAZING - A color glaze is temporary dye that comes out in 10-12 washes. I had a sweet and bubbly female stylist, and she mixed up the perfect dark brown color for my hair. The only downside was that she was quite intent on selling their Paul Mitchell hair products. I did end up buying some conditioner. Perhaps I just gave in to the pressure, but it also made my hair feel great. The shampoo & style afterwards was a nice touch.MINI FACIAL- This was probably my least favorite of the services, mostly because I have sensitive skin and it turns out that the Dermalogica products that the facialist used made my skin itchy afterwards. Also, the facialist was not the friendliest and, again, was a bit pushy about buying the products (good thing I didn't!)QUICK FIX MASSAGE - This massage was one of the best I have had in recent memory. The masseuse was female, and she didn't talk at all, which is fantastic considering that I have had massages before where the masseuse talks to you the entire time, and it is the opposite of relaxing. There were some truly transcendent moments in this massage. Loved it :)EXPRESS PEDICURE - I took my husband with me for this one. He got his first-ever pedicure and the lady had a good sense of humor about it :) She was awesome and made good conversation. The seats were comfortable and they had a good selection of Essie polishes. Considering it was an "express" pedicure, it was actually pretty thorough - the only thing missing was callous removal.Overall, I am a fan of this place and I think I will be back for the occasional hair cut or pedicure. Very friendly front-of-office staff, and making an appointment is easy. I am only taking off one star because of the pushiness of selling the products by certain members of the staff. I think that the products should speak for themselves.
5	I love this salon, it is modern and serene with friendly and helpful staff. Plus the email appointment reminders are great!  Tristan does an amazing job with coloring, cutting and styling my hair. She is friendly and has an artistic eye that I trust, I can bring in a pic or just explain what I want and she effortlessly meets and exceeds my expectations again and again!  I drive across town to have Tristan work her magic on my hair! Worth every mile and penny!
5	So far I have gotten a trim, deep conditioning treatment, and highlights and I can only say good things about my experience. Tristan has done all three services and I have finally found the hair stylist I have been looking for for years! As a mixed woman, my hair can be difficult to do but Tristan has done a beautiful job. I was a little apprehensive due to the fact that her hair was complete opposite of mine and I wasn't sure if she had worked with hair like mine before. Every other time I've gotten my hair cut at other places I have to straighten it beforehand because I've had a few bad experiences with people cutting my hair while its curly. Tristan did exactly what I wanted, while it was curly and I've never been so happy with my hair. Not to mention, she was very sweet and really interested in getting to know me. I would DEFINITELY recommend going to see her but be prepared to work around her scarce schedule as she only works 3 days a week. The salon is beautiful and relaxing and I can't wait to go back this weekend for my facial! Thanks Par Exsalonce!
4	To be honest I only came to this salon because my amigo Emilio works here. He is  experienced and genuinely cares about giving you the look  you want. If I don't like something or if I have a concern he takes care of it. I highly recommend seeing him for color. I got a color correction the other day and I walked out of the salon with my hair feeling healthier than the way it was when I walked in. The salon is really cool too. I love the open space and the view of cityscape is awesome. If you call to make an appointment ask for Emilio you won't regret it!
5	I love this salon downtown with the views of old buildings and the cityscape center.I've had 4 visits so far, all using a promotional deal which includes 5 services. I have only have one more left for a facial, but I will definitely be back to see Jen B. She did a wonderful job with my hair cut and my glaze. (separate visits) She is a great stylist. I love my red color!  And she even went the extra mile and brought me coffee from Starbucks while my glaze was setting!
5	My gf and I spent a few hours starting a nice relaxing weekend here. She got a great French manicure from Tessa and loved it and we both got cuts from Emilio Armand. He did amazing work and was very professional and fun at the same time.As for the salon, good prices for the upscale area and the views are fantastic. Very clean with trendy decore and everyone is extremely pleasant.Highly recommended!
5	Ok, so first off, the ambiance.  Incredible.  Definitely fits the city, but is even more dramatic with its exposed duct work and true city feeling.  I loved the urban feel of the salon.  The front desk girls were friendly and never stopped smiling.  I had a mens cut, scalp massage and conditioning treatment by Kyle.  He is a GREAT stylist.  He knows his stuff and certainly made me feel comfortable and also made me look better when i left then when i had walked in which is exactly the results everyone wants.  I would recommend him to anyone.  He also cut and highlighted and colored my mom's hair and she looked absolutely beautiful.. She said she felt pampered.  If you want a great color, highlight, cut or any other service go see Kyle.  I also saw DeAnna for a facial peel and dermabrasion treatment.  She was calm and relaxing and made my skin glow.  She wasn't pushy about products and also offered me tips to keep myself looking great.  Overall, i loved this place!
1	Wife went in for a color / haircut under a $50 special  they had. They up charged her like crazy without asking. They just "did" additional hair treatments to get her old color out ect... She ended up with an 149.00 bill! I gave her my card to pay and they ended up charging it THREE TIMES by accident. Totaling to $438!!! Two are still pending, I will have bank remove both when they clear. - When we called them and asked about it they placed us on hold forever and then said they had no record of it...Go elsewhere. Plenty of very nice salon & spas in the area that are far better value!
5	In July I went in and saw Jenn B. for a haircut. I was also looking for someone to do my wedding hair and makeup. Jenn listened to my comments on my hair, and was really easy to talk too. We made an appointment for a trial run, and everything turned out great! I have really long, thick, somewhat frizzy hair, and she was able to tame it into beautiful long curls. My make-up was perfect, not overdone, but very elegant. The day of the wedding was super chaotic, but Jenn dealt with the chaos and got me beautiful and on my way. I continue to see her for haircuts, and highly recommend her services!!In December Par Exsalonce ran a special on eyelash extensions, so I made an appointment with Deanna. I love them!! They are totally worth the time it takes for the application. I've gotten many compliments, and it's so awesome to not have to worry about mascara.
5	After going to the same salone for 5 years, it was almost impossible for me to find a salon that I liked after moving to Phoenix.  I decided to check out Par Exsalonce at City Scape.  I book an appointment with Kyle, and I have been going to him ever since.  I am very hard to please when it comes to my hair, it seems like I always end up with a haircut that I do not like.  I have been very happy with every haircut from Kyle.  He is a great stylist, and very friendly as well.  I am so glad that I gave him a try.
3	I love spas and salons and being spoiled for no other reason than I can.  I enjoyed Par Exsalonce.  Trendy, modern and chic decor full of women and men who only wear black.  Friendly gals to give adequate mani/pedis and I got a blow out for half price at the last minute.  However, I do think the price point is high.  My nails still chipped a day and a half after my manicure was applied.  I didn't do the shellac but I really wish I didn't have to do that to have a mani last longer than a day.  My pedis always last longer and this one has as well, thank goodness.  The spa does ask for Yelp reviews. I'm not a huge fan of that but they do offer a discount  on your next service if you write one. I won't be able to use that since I am not anywhere near PHX on a regular basis living in Indy, but I would have reviewed it anyway, so here I am.All in all, I thought the staff was polite and my hair looked great after the blow out.  I don't know that i would pay $150 again for these three particular services but overall if I lived in PHX and was in the area, I would probably give it another go.
5	One word, Jenn. You'll never go see anyone else again, i promise that, she's the best hands down..
2	Massage services were great. Hair was sub-par. I had to go back for a recolor. I wouldn't go back there again.
