4	We have been going to Jersey Mike's over the past nine years and was excited when  they recently opened this location. Sandwich shops seem to be the new fad in the restaurant industry. What they call quick food. Maybe because of the Great Recession, but they have proven to be very resilient in a slow economy. If I type into Yelp search: 'Sandwich', with a 1 mile radius, I come up with no fewer then five different places.  Along with some others that do other quick food items, like Corleones and Paradise Bakery. That said, this Jersey Mike's is convenient, clean, offers good value (when using coupons) and has a Manager/Owner on the premises, with employees who have been trained well and are friendly. I just enjoyed a #13, Original Italian, with a bag of chips and a 22 oz drink for the coupon discounted price of $6.99 plus tax. And, I received 6 points on my Jersey Mikes Club card. The sandwich was good, with a fair amount of cold cuts on a soft piece of sub bread that held up well.  Nice. So in summary... Go... Enjoy!
4	Great sandwiches & fast service. The few times I've gone there's always been a line, so you know it must be good! A new favorite lunch spot for our office.
4	I brought home some really good cheese steaks from this location. I've tried the other location at happy valley, but somehow it tasted better this time.
4	What can I say except that I like my meat hot.  Ok, at least my sandwich meat should be toasty.  My office gets sandwiches a couple of times a week and Jersey Mike's is so much better than Subway and Jimmy Johns.  Better tasting bread, higher quality ingredients, and you get more than a paltry slice of meat.  This location in particular is efficient, the staff well-trained, and will definitely make it a regular in the rotation.
3	This joint opened recently and I finally decided to drop in and give it a try.  I've had Jersey Mike's back in Vegas, but this was my first time trying it here in Scottsdale.  I ordered a regular sized #13 Original Italian (Provolone, Ham, Prosciuttini, Cappacuolo, Salami, Pepperoni, $6.95) and Chips ($.99).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jersey-mikes-subs-scottsdale-2?select=SAsdgro1HjRXZmKcT9oBRQ#SAsdgro1HjRXZmKcT9oBRQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jersey-mikes-subs-scottsdale-2?select=0ej781QrEV60Ea0nrKipFA#0ej781QrEV60Ea0nrKipFAThe Sandwich is OK, not great.  It doesn't leave me wanting more.  For me, it lacks something....I can't put my finger on it, but it's just not a great Sandwich to me.TIP - The shopping mall where this place is located is very small and parking spaces are limited.  During the lunch hour and on weekends, the parking lot is overloaded and it's a mess to try and park.  Return Factor - 50%
3	I went here for the first time and ordered the pastrami sandwhich. To put it simply, it was delicious. I will definitely be visiting this place again. Hope the quality stays great.
4	I've been a fan of Jersey Mike's for years, first in Ohio, then in Florida, and now in AZ.  The first location I visited in AZ wasn't disappointing, but didn't live up to my desire for perfection.  While this store isn't perfect, it's close.  They're friendly, fast, and the food is great.  I go once a week or so and love it every time.  Very impressed by this location.
5	Man, I'm super glad this Jersey Mikes opened up close to my work. I don't have much to say beyond what these other fine folks are saying. The sandwiches are really yummy. My pro-tip is to sign up for the emails. They send out a coupon once every week or two with some good lunch deals. Save yo' dimes yo!
4	Very tasty - been twice now. The italian was outstanding - hands down best sub shop of all the chains. Puts Subway to shame. Better than Cousins and even Blimpies which I used to frequent (not anymore!). I would give 5 stars but the cheese steaks are lacking - they have good meat and bread, but they need to toast the bread, and the cheese turns too melted/watery. But the cold sandwiches are amazing. Excellent service too.
5	The staff is very friendly and sandwiches are super yummy and fresh. #13 italian is the best. I stopped going to subway since this place opened.
3	It's a better sub then what you would get from the other sub places & it should be... $$. The kids that work there don't care, so don't be surprised if they mess up your order or give you some attitude if you make a crazy request, like throwing on a few peppers.
4	Tasty sandwich made with fresh ingredients and my exact topping preference, friendly staff, in a bright, clean location.  This place is all that I love about Jersey Mike's! If you've never been before, it's a really simple sub shop, similar to what you'd find on the East Coast, with fresh ingredients, yummy bread and simple decor.  They don't have a ton of fancy options, but everything is delicious!  Their vegetarian sandwich is a cheese sub with green peppers - my husband and I split the Giant.  They're a tiny bit more expensive than some other sadnwich shops, but their ingredients and service make them a big favorite with us.Open until 9pm on Sundays!
3	These guys are awesome!!!  Fast service good quality food. The people there were very helpful and the food was outstanding. Ample quantity and they didn't skimp on the meat which is pretty common at places like this.  The veggies are always fresh and the price is spot on to where it should be for a sandwich like that.
3	Okay sandwich place.  Better than a Subway.  Similar to a Quiznos.
4	Great service and great subs. I always order an 8in with roast beef, mayo, provolone, and onions. It is always fresh and they never fail to skimp on the meat. These subs are to die for. The only reason why I knocked off a star is because as someone mentioned before, the cheesesteaks are really... Not to die for at all
2	What happened to this place?  I ordered the club and when I got back to work to eat it, there was hardly any roast beef at all.  It was more or less a turkey sandwich with slivers or roast beef.  When you are shelling out $12.45 for a SUB, there should be some meat on it.  Very disappointed and probably won't be going back.
