4	After walking around the Art Fest yesterday, I was needing food....and we found Pure.  I never been to the original location but I loved the set up of this location.  The service was very attentive, though sometimes I thought it was too attentive.  (Our server was obviously new and in ways it was somewhat cute.)  The manager came by with food suggestions...My friend and I realized that we are opposite in tastes...so sharing was going to be out of the question.  She settled on a tuna roll and edamame, which she seemed to enjoy.  I got the Tempura Bento box lunch...which was extremely interesting and yummy.  (the only negative was that it was a bit greasy)I wished I did take some of the managers suggestions.  I will be here again, that is for sure.
5	How refreshing to read a specialty sushi roll menu and see something different!! YUM...by far the best sushi and most unique menu I've seen in a while, and so mush less pretentious and more affordable then all the other Old Town Sushi restuarants.  From first glance, you wouldn't think so but after having a great conversation with my waitress and reading the total line on my tab...I was hooked! Oh, and the best tempura ever (i'm not even a tempura fan!!) And the curried lobster spring rolls were so tasty.
5	If you're looking for the next hidden gem, this is it! Tucked inside the Civic Plaza mall (right next to AZ88) - Pure Sushi South is sure to be a hit. The inside has a very cool ambiance as everything is 'pure' and white. And before I go on to tell you about the food ... their staff is amazing. It's not everyday that you get served by people that truly want to make sure you have a good experience. The food was delicious. We had a few sushi platers, sashimi and dessert. I'm bad at remembering what I ate...but everything was fresh, tasty and hit the spot. If you've read any of my other reviews, you know that my sweet spot is the sweet spot :) I'm a big fan of frozen treats and this one definitely ranked high up on my scale. Another cool feature they have in the restaurant is the cell-phone booth. How cool is that? This place will be 'the hang out' spot shortly, so get down there and see what all the hype is about!p.s. If you search for 'Pure Sushi' and land on their N. Scottsdale location...don't be confused. They will be updating the site shortly to include the South location as well. Both locations are the same company.
4	SO happy to see another sushi place in Old Town that isnt anything like RA.  I went on a weeknight and being with my date, I think I could have gone to Arby's and had the time of my life, so perhaps my review is a bit biased...but, I really enjoyed my time at Pure.  The atmosphere and location are perfect for me, living 2 miles away, and the service was timely and friendly.  Creative, fun rolls and VERY fresh fish.  Trendy, yes...  But again, we went on a weeknight and it wasnt busy at all...do the same if youre looking for something a little less high maintenence, I tend to think it gets pretty Scottsdale on the weekends.
2	The service was friendly but disjointed.     The food was beautifully presented.     But the fish tasted, well, fishy.
3	I was not overly impressed with this restaurant.  I have read previous reviews and am surprised at the level of service expressed in them because I definitely did not feel like the service was exceptional...average, but not exceptional.  I thought we had what seemed to be a little of everything...only the Crispy Tempura Roll stands out as being really good!  All the rest was good but...I have to give it the benefit of the doubt; this was my first sushi visit in Scottsdale.  Maybe I will need to revisit this once I've visited others.
3	This place is just a little TOO hip for me. I don't have collagen or breast implants. I don't carry Gucci or YSL. Pure is a place that, because of its decor and clientele, makes sushi seem too hip for the common person. I have no qualms with the food itself, which is good quality sushi. The specialty rolls are pricier but worth it (worth their weight in...Gucci?). But the environment is a place to see and be seen by other Scottsdale socialites. Now if that's your thing, Pure is the place for you. But I'll be going to the sushi bar within AJ's Fine Foods next time I need a sushi fix.
2	I have to agree with the recent reviews on this place.  I've only been there once and probably won't go back.  The service was mediocre at best.  The happy hour offerings were ok.  The best thing we had was the coconut shrimp.  There are much better places to get sushi in the valley.
3	Pure and simple. The design and layout of the place is pure white, clean lines, and you just feel so...pure ...when you walk in.  Is this what heaven looks like?  Pure has been here for 7 months, after the success of its North location at Greyhawk, which has been operating for three years.   The speakers pump out a steady stream of Miami south beach beats, you feel like you are in a trendy lounge, rather than a sushi bar and restaurant. Best time to come here is during happy hour-3:00-6:30 every day of the week. Select sushi and rolls are nearly half the price, as well as items from the kitchen such as coconut shrimp and asian chicken salad..  $5 wells and 3 olives vodkas, beer, and sake.  Glasses of wine are 1/2 off. $2 edamame and miso, $4-$7 rolls such as the eel avacado roll (excellent) or the albacore ceviche roll. I am a big fan of the "in and out roll"  which is shrimp tempura, spicy crab mix, and cucumber, topped with shrimp and sliced avocado - and served with an asian pesto sauce.  I was not a fan of the spicy ponzu dressing on their Spicy seafood salad, but it was laden with fresh sashimi of tuna, yellowtail, salmon, shrimp and octopus, then finished with smelt eggs and bonito flakes. On the happy hour menu for $7, regulary $12.Things that I love about PURE:the design, the ambiance, and a selection of  their unique rolls.Things that make it just like any other sushi joint: virtually the entire menuService: my two visits to this place have been great in terms of service. Wait staff is really knowledgeable about all things sushi and more, there is one person dedicated to keeping you hydrated, one to keeping your table clutter-free, and one to show you where the bathroom is. no complaints on this end. I loved that everybody working there today said goodbye to us and wished us a great weekend. That little bit of TLC goes a long way to win my patronage.  Why I would come back: a) for atmosphere. b) for bananas about their sake list! wow! all the specific gravities you love, from sweet to dry. I recommend the Moonston Lemongrass Coconut,  non-filltered sake.  And my second favorite, the ZIPANG. this is a sweet bubbly version of sake. so, yeah, I am no "purist" when it comes to sake, i like pizzazz.c) for coming soon is the lounge upstairs!Why I would not come back:The food doesn't speak to me Blue Wasabi's Happy Hour is better, and their rolls so much more funThe quality of the sushi is great, the recipes just aren't
4	I've been to Pure Sushi's Old Town location once for drinks and once for dinner... and I intend to return again as I had really good experiences both times.  The sushi is a tad expensive, but you get what you pay for - the quality is high!  Fresh and flavorful, I enjoyed pretty much everything I tried when i was there.  The highlights for me included:*cucumber sunomono*seaweed salad*edamame*box sushi - my favorite - a must order!*salmon sashimi - incredible!*yellowtail sashimiNice wine selection - we sampled several whites... and our service was attentive as well.  As for ambiance - the 'cell phone booth' by the bathroom is a nice touch, and I'd agree with the reviews that came before this one - it is hip, cool, clean, and located in Old Town... don't knock 'em for that.  Cool location next to AZ 88, the Mondrian, and Scottsdale Center for the Arts.The lunch specials look like they are priced well and the dinner main courses sound pretty amazing too.  Pure and simple - I can't wait to return soon!
5	Ignore all the people and enjoy the sushi!  I'm back in LA and I wish we had sushi as fresh here as they do at Pure.  I miss you Pure!
4	This place was so good, the food was great, the service was awesome and I really liked the whole set up of the place too. We walked in on a Saturday night around 9:00 and were seating almost immediately. The hostess seemed a little bitter but it was 4th of July so that might have been why.We ordered several items but the two I have to rave about are the Creamy Baked Lobster Roll and the Fire Dragon Roll. Absolutely delicious I have never had a better roll. I should also mention that I don't love fish I like sushi but there are certain ones at other sushi restaurants that i find to be too fishy for me but the rolls here were all so fresh I didn't have one bit that was fishy. We also ordered the Chocolate Lava Cake again amazing. When I first looked at it I was thinking boo no ice cream but then I had a bite of it and totally forgot about the ice cream. One item that i wouldn't order again was the Tempura Shrimp and Vegetable combo. The shrimp portion was very good but the vegetables were way way too heavy and oily for me. Our server was honestly one of the better servers I have had. She had a great attitude was super friendly and was great with recommendations. Our table even had her split the bill onto four credit cards and she didn't even skip a beat she happily accepted our credit cards and brought all four back with a smile and her outstanding attitude. The manager stopped by our table and was also very nice a friendly and even cleared our plates away for us. If you want to go and get great sushi for a very reasonable price you have to go here forget RA too this place is much better!!!!!
1	Worst "Japanese" food experience I've ever had in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area!I've always wanted to try this place out since I've been to nearby establishments (AZ 88, Pepin's, Mondrian). It looks really trendy from the inside and out. The banner outside looks like they offer a promising happy hour as well.When we walked in, we received great service from the hosts. The restaurant was fairly empty since we were there for dinner on the 4th of July. When they showed us to our table, I had to wash my hands, and by the time I came back to the table, there was already a small glass of ice water waiting for me. I really wanted to try their sashimi despite their high prices, but when I asked the server if they had a smaller sashimi plate to have as an appetizer, her response was to look ovey my shoulder at the menu, and say "uhhhhh....." I was with someone who didn't eat sashimi, so the big sashimi plate would be too large for me. It would have been nice if 1) she knew what was offered in the restaurant and 2) she could have offered a suggestion. We decided to order edamame, the potato spicy tuna roll, and an avocado roll to start. Edamame and avocado rolls are ubiquitous to most sushi places, so I am going to skip the review on those items. We were both really excited for the spicy tuna roll because it sounded really creative and different. Presentation was awesome but it did not help offset the taste of the roll. I was so disappointed when I tried a piece of the roll. The sweet chili sauce they drizzled over the roll was definitely sweet chili sauce straight out of a bottle. For example, (http://www.mondofood.com/images/Thai%20Sweet%20Chili%20Sauce.JPG). I know this because I used to work at a restaurant that used to send the stuff out with their spring rolls. They seriously pulled sauce right out of the bottle!? In my opinion, the only bottled sauce any sushi restaurant should use is Sriracha. I was starting to get nervous for our entrees. I ordered the baked Chilean sea bass, and my friend got the flash grilled Chinese chicken salad. Again, the presentation of both items was beautiful and showed creativity, and again, the taste of the items was beyond bad. I ended up sending my food back, and was so disappointed that I couldn't order anything else. I believe there were two sauces on my plate. One I believe was a lemongrass soy and that was okay, but there was something that tasted and looked like an aioli. It actually tasted like spoiled ranch. My friend was also unimpressed by his salad, but continued to eat it anyway - bad idea - we had to stop halfway home for him to run into a restroom. The waitress took my meal off the tab, and we were pretty impressed by the customer service. The taste and quality of the food, however, were so bad that I will not be able to return to this place.
3	Put off writing this because I have no tack to take - it looked exciting and hip, but it bored me.  Pure distinctly paled after the more down to earth places to which my Tempe resident sister later took us.  I guess there was more mint than alcohol in my $12 mojito, because I couldn't enjoy the pretty-but-over-priced salads and sushi rolls.  Good thing I had the 25% off coupon from the tourist brochures (bad sign that I should have heeded despite the good reviews), or else Hostage Gastronome would probably never let me pick a restaurant again.  Good food - at least the price and surroundings didn't have me questioning my choice of sushi in the desert!
4	Don't let the all white outside or the fact that its in the heart of Scottsdale scare you away. Its not as trendy as it looks. In fact, I was surprised by all the TVs and vibe inside - but not in a bad way - its more laid back than you'd think. The food is really good. A tad more expensive than other Sushi restaurants in town, but you're paying for the location and the vibe. Would be a great place for a large group or special occassion. Have long tables and a side area to accomodate big groups and a bar in the back if there's a wait for table (I've never seen a wait). Its a rather large restaurant. Great location to walk for cocktails at AZ88 or the Mondrian following dinner.
1	CLOSED!!They owed so many hard working people so much money. I'm thrilled that they got what was coming to them. Best wishes to the staff that they walked out on.
