1	The worst delivered pizza every half of it was missing cheese and the slices weren't  even cut properly! Never again
4	I've been going here for the past ten years. The pizza is consistently the best of the franchise stores I've tried.  I rarely, if ever, do delivery so I cannot comment on it. I can always count on Papa Johns for a pizza everyone will enjoy.
2	Uh...OH! I have to say I just got my first bad pizza from this store.  My daughter ordered two large regular crust cheese pizzas and I brought them home. Not only did I have to wait twenty minutes for them, but they were over cooked, did not have the extra sauce on them I always order, and were thoroughly tasteless. I haven't given up on them, but I did want to note it is possible to get a bad pizza from them.
2	This has been my "go to" pizza for 12 years.  Was always dependable and fast.   However in the last year they have started making mistakes. So be careful and inspect your order before you leave or let the driver leave.
2	I picked up two pizzas today for lunch and both were dry...dry...dry!
1	I LOVE Papa Johns so it really sucks that this is the papa john's that delivers to me. In my 2yrs of living here papa john's has yet to ever deliver my order 100% correct. They always forget something, have the wrong toppings on the pizza, or just bring the wrong order all together. I don't know why I even bother but it's really the only delivery place in my area. Now, I even ask to speak to the manager when I order to ask him to personally check the pizza before it leaves and it still ends up being wrong. Several times I have been charged incorrectly as well. I am in the restaurant business so I can't understand why this place has such a hard time getting it together. It surprises me they are still in business but I'm sure it's because papa john's (as a chain) has such a good rep. This specific store puts the name to shame. If I didn't already have a good job or I had some extra time on my hands I would go apply for a GM position there just to whip that place it to shape. I'm so annoyed by it! LolOn a good note- the staff and management are very friendly. In my opinion this store most likely lacks thorough training and strong leadership. The food is usually good but it probably won't be what you ordered.
1	We love Papa Johns and LOVE our Southpark Colony Rd location. We just recently moved to the Grove Park neighborhood and ordered Papa Johns from this location to try out their service. Let's just say that our Large pizza looks more like Medium size pizza. There was one pizza that wasn't even cut yet and then all our pizza were original crust, but they look like thin crust pizza! Sadly this is what is expected on this side of town and we will probably not be ordering from Papa Johns anymore unless we are picking it up on the South Side!!
5	I was skeptical to order at due to the other reviews. I was impressed with the delivery speed and accuracy. The driver was very friendly. The pizza was very hot and tasty. Overall, a very good experience. I will definitely be ordering from this papa johns again. Maybe they are turning things around?
1	They are the absolute worst and they have horrible and I mean horrible customer service. The manger is just as rude as some of the employes. I haven't order from there in a long while and don't plan to until some changes are made.
1	Horrible service.  Placed my order and called back 1.5 hours and canceled my order. Fifteen minutes after that the driver showed up surprised that I had canceled the order. No communication, no reorders. Well yelp requires me to choose a star so I chose one.
