4	cool location, good food, great potential.  I went on their first day open, 6/5/12, and it was well put together but not everything was completely finished i.e. beer taps which I understand the soft opening idea.I had the "fiery drunk burger" which adds fried jalapenos and beer cheese to a typical burger.  It was delicious and  possibly the best cooked burger I've had in Charlotte--a perfect medium.  The fries were also very good, a thick fry batter and topped with ground pepper.  decently priced at $9 and $3 for a bottle of domestic beer.  It did look like they had some good craft beers lined up for tap so I look forward to trying those next time.Forgot to mention, the bar has an 80" TV in the middle above it with three 60" on each side.  looks great!
5	Food wise - I have only tried the fried pepper jack strips but they are delicious - they have a nice kick that regular mozzarella obviously do not! Everything we saw looked amazing. If we had not already been to taste of Charlotte this is where we would have been eating lunch! They even had a watermelon stack of some sort that had decent sized pieces of watermelon with feta cheese and other items in the middle that a woman next to us ordered. Looked fabulous!It is new - took over the building where Jillians was in South End. The bartender, Austin, was attentive and incredibly nice and fun! Could not have asked for a better bartender. The ambiance is great with lots of TVs to watch games and races. The bar is literally right next to a light rail stop, so for the nights you cant drive - you can hit up the light rail. Win win. Music also is much better than other places, not just Katy Perry music (although I do love Katy Perry), including the Killers and Cake. Definitely come check it out! Will probably be a great place to go for Panthers tailgating! You also can't pass up the $2 mimosa and $4 Bloody Mary specials on Sunday. Yum!
5	My wife and I went to All American Pub tonight. Despite the generic-sounding name, it was pretty awesome. The interior nice - tons of TVs, some of which I swear were 70"+. It was very clean and spacious - it felt new, but not too new. Food was great - we had the Fried Pepper Jack Sticks (which were honestly the best cheese sticks I have ever had - spicy, seemingly hand-breaded, and with a great marinara for dipping), a Philly Cheesesteak (very good, not great), and the Drunken Fiery Burger (which included beer cheese and deep-fried jalapenos, and my wife absolutely loved). Great draft beer selection including specials tonight on NC drafts for $3.00. The place was very busy - it apparently has already become a neighborhood hangout. An for a good reason - great food, great beer, great atmosphere. Loved it, and it will become a regular spot for us
4	I went to AAP last week for lunch because I was too late for Greek Isles, but I am so glad I did!  I eat a late lunch so there was not too many people there and the hostess let me pick my table, so I took a big comfy booth.  My server came by right away and got my drink order and to see if I had any questions about the menu.  I was intrigued by the soft pretzel with beer cheese and she told me how good it was, but also how large.  So I decided to order it and if I was still hungry I'd get something else because she told me the kitchen was pretty quick.  Turns out it was a really great pretzel, the cheese wasn't my fave but the pretzel was so soft with a nice crunchy exterior and served piping hot!  I was a little hungry still so I got the spinach salad and it was also delicious.  It was spinach with tomato, cranberries and feta.  I did think it could use maybe a nut or something for a different texture, but overall a great salad.It seems like they have drink specials during the week.  The whole place is huge and I bet it would be a great place to watch a game.  The only reason I went with 4 stars was they should have some more lunch offerings besides the salads/sandwiches, entrees don't start till after 5.  Otherwise, it was great and I will be back!
3	We stopped in for a new place to try a late lunch.  It was pretty quiet when we arrived, and were quickly seated and waited on.  The menu wasn't overly extensive, but had a good selection of burgers, chicken and other sandwiches, and a few salads.  I ordered the pulled pork BBQ, but they brought me the cheesesteak in error.  I was surprised by this as there were very few diners in the room.  When I saw how it was prepared, it looked pretty tasty, choppy and filling, I kept it to try.  I was glad I did as it was pretty delicious, and the grain bun was fresh, too.  The fries were good, slightly crispy, with a pickle on the side.  I thought overall it was quite underwhelming and unimpressive for the size and decor of the restaurant.  Nothing fancy about the food, especially for the price.  It wouldn't be my first choice to go to again for a meal.
4	My amigo and I decided to check out All American Pub (AAP) before heading uptown to the epicenter for AA8.  On this particular Thursday evening, they had a promotion going on that included beer and wings. The beer was straight - bud lite and miller lite draft from a piTCHer - no complaints here.   The wings were surprisingly good for a new establishment.  The sauce, a simple HOT sauce, was tasty, but it was the sweet, not the heat that made this sauce.  I def recommend the wings if you are looking for something to try.  I am anxious to return to sample other items on the menu.The service was excellent.  Not only was the wait staff easy on the eyes, but they were friendly, professional and quick to refill anyone that needed beer or water.  The interior is cool.  I like that they have plenty of screens hanging throughout the bar.  I also like that they have a long bar, with plenty of seating. Overall, I must say AAP has peaked my interest.  So far they are off to a good start with a solid mix of food, service & ambiance.  This is a place I would def like to try again, and a place I might consider when looking for a sports bar in the area.
5	Brought a group of 7 to AAP on a Sat afternoon.  Awesome atmosphere, many Tvs, plenty of seating!  The BLT sandwich was incredible, huge beer selection! Will be back for sure!
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find this place as my friend and I took a ride on the light rail for the heck of it and jumped off the Bland Street station for some grub and good times.  For the guys, all the waitresses were pretty fine.  For everyone, the food was really good.  Maybe it was because I was a little tipsy, but the fish sandwich here was da bomb-diggity.  I even complimented to the waitress how awesome indeed that sandwich was.  The food came out fresh and hot and I don't really have any complaints about this place for a first time visit.  Food was stellar, our glasses stayed full and people were relatively friendly that worked there.  Definitely up there for a random place we picked out.  Check em out if you are in South End.  I think they are worth it.
4	All american pub is a great spot.  The bar is a decent size with some outside seating where you basically stare at the light rail :).  There is a decent selection of beer and the service is fast.  All American is a great spot for football and a better option than tavern on the tracks or gin mlll if you are in this area.  What suprised me the most was the food.  I thought it was going to be so so, but the food was actually very good and the price point wasn't high at all. For now this is my Sunday football spot.
3	I had really high hopes for this place and came away slighlty disappointed.  The food is good, but slighlty ovepriced, and nothing really jumps out at you here.  Their management and staff have always been extremely friendly, though.
4	Very spicy BBQ! Great place to hang out and watch the game.
3	Long work day, no car and lack of groceries called for a hearty dinner near home. Looking for a cheaper meal, I turned towards AAP since I live within a block of it. I've never been there, but I have to say that place is PACKED every night of the week. No matter what time, you can usually count on two things: some Top 40 song blaring from their patio and a cornhole tournament. I have to admit, I was a little curious what all the hype was about.I called ahead for a chicken Mediterranean sandwich with sweet potato fries to-go. I arrived upon my 20 minute ETC and took a seat at the bar. The bartenders were busy pouring drinks while another dealt with some tab argument from a, politely put, intoxicated man. It took them a little while to acknowledge me, but I get it. They're slammed. On a Tuesday. I paid within 10-15 minutes and received warm well wishes from the staff.The sandwich was good. 3.5 stars. Put it on better bread and I'll bump it up to 4. Creamy feta cheese, roasted red peppers and a nice balsamic glaze. The fries, on the hand... you swung and missed. 1 star. Maybe it was because they were sitting on a pickle for a while, but they were downright mushy. Really disappointing.I can see why people like to drink there. It appears very college-y, sports bar-esque but not too loud... at least not on a Tuesday. I wouldn't mind coming back on a chill weekday night, but I don't think I could hack it on their weekends.And ladies, from a brief scan of their front bar, the place is a meat market.
4	We stopped in here one evening before a Bobcats game (when they were winning), and it was good.  It was a Monday at around 5 o'clock, so it was not too busy.  For those who have been in the QC for a while, AAP operates in a small portion in the now defunct Jillian's space next to Greek Isles.Our waitress was very nice and friendly. We got half priced wings for happy hour and they were good, especially for the price.  They had OMB Copper on special, so that was nice too.  There isn't too much else to review.  This place is along the lines of most American sports pubs, but definitely a step above some of them.
4	Great location off light rail.  Decent food and ALWAYS a beer special.  Great TVs for game day too.
3	Good atmosphere and great selection of beer and drinks.  I had a business lunch here and it was very tasty.  Ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and it didn't disappoint.  Our server was attentive and we were in and out in less than an hour!  Perfect for a great lunch!
3	So I've been here a handful of times and it seems to me like something is just missing. They've got a great selection of tastey adult libations...aka drinks! Preyy good servers for a sports bar kinda atmosphere. But it seems they just miss the mark with the food. I've gotten wings, a burger and a wrap the couple of times I was there and they were just ehhh....I had to send my wings back and so did the other 3 people at the table who had them because they were super chewy and the sauce tasted funny. Either way, my frinds and I like this place to watch sports and we were glad to see it open back up after the old business (Jillians) closed since its in a great spot in Southend Charlotte. All in all we'll go back, but we always eat before we go now.-SK
5	Seriously the food here is amazing, and the portions are huge so go with an appetite!
2	Went here to have a few drinks and watch a UNC game.  We already had dinner so just wanted to meet up with some friends. We sat at a 4 top table waiting until a 10 top was open. We waited at least 30 minutes before our waitress took our drink orders. Being the patient people we are, we did wait since friends were on our way. We asked about drink specials and the waitress seemed so confused. 15 minutes later our drinks arrived. Our friends did as well. They went to the bar to order drinks since we had warned them about the server. The 10 top was now available so we did switch over to that and a different waitress. We recieved much better service after that.
2	I don't like writing a bad review - I really want to like this place as I'm a huge fan of sports bars, craft beers, their live music on Wednesdays, and the location. However, the service at All American Pub is horrible! One of my first experiences was the bartender poured my draft beer, and before handing it to me, wiped the glass with a dirty bar towel. Oh heck NO! The next time I went there, our drinks kept running dry and there was no site of our waitress. Then my friend got his food, and it was not what he ordered. This past visit, we attended an event, and when we tried to join our friends at the table, the staff said we couldn't sit there. What?!?!?!  We had to literally persuade the staff  to let us sit with our friends and order drinks and food! It's the craziest thing! Please management, if you're reading this, schedule a staff meeting and address the service!
3	The only reason I'm giving this 3 starts is because of the dude that saved the day. So I came here last Friday with my man and he's just talking about how this place has pretty good burgers and it's good during lunch... well I guess that I may be the case, but for dinner... I thinks not. First we get seated immediately and wait 10 minutes before I had to get up and stopped the manager walking by to let him know that no one has come to our table. Then a brown-skinned dude tatted up was friendly enough to say he'll take care of us as I told him no one has brought our drinks after another 10 minutes. We get our order (mind you, we know what we want as soon as she comes to take our drink order, because she took so long) and then it's crap. Now.... I know a pub will more than likely be known for it's good beer... maybe some appetizers; but they could at least get a burger right. I wasn't even asked how I wanted it (I like mine medium btw). So this burger is mad dry. I mean dusty dry, no juice, no pink, no motivation to eat this thing. Yea... 3 stars for the dude comping our order... we only paid for one meal. Huuuu... such a disappointment though.
4	I'd give it a 4.5 if they allowed half stars. All American Pub is just what the name says. It gets a great clientele of mid 20's to early 40's after work type crowd. This place is awesome for just about any time . . .  - They have a ton of huge TVs which are great for watching any sport - They have a huge patio which is going to be great as the warmer months are coming. The wait staff is great, the food is good. The mac and cheese is decent and I only say that cause it's 'sister bar" Whiskey Warehouse has amazing mac and cheese. Not sure why they don't use the same recipe. Or maybe they do and I just had it on an off day. They also have really good sweet potato fries. One of the best I've had in Charlotte. Pair that with some pure honey for dipping and you've got a great side dish.
1	Terrible service and a pitcher of bud light was $15...WAY over priced.  When we ordered food we also ordered another pitcher of beer (NOT realizing they were $15) and our food not only came out before our beer, we were almost done eating by the time the pitcher of beer got to our table. This is the second time we've been here and both times the service is just awful. We WON'T be back!
2	Good bar scene, mostly appealed to the sports bar type. Lots of screens - good guy bar.Lousy food. Save your calories and go somewhere else after for food. Ive tried mostly appetizers from the nachos, bbq sliders, sweet potato fries... all below avg.
3	Mediocre service, but gets a passing grade because the bar itself is pretty sweet.   They have a bunch of TVs all over the place and plenty of seating indoors and outdoors.  Service at the bar is a bit lackadaisical on slower days... but that doesn't mean I don't want my beer any slower!  Haven't tried the food, but heard that it's decent. I'm not good at reviewing bars.  Gimme beers, sports, and women--I can't complain much.  dmo out.
4	All American Pub is the slightly less sexy sister of The Oak Room. But who doesn't like an "All American" girl? Who cares if she's sexy, because she's fun and low key. We went to the All American Pub because the Oak Room doesn't open until 10 and we needed to kill some time. I am so glad we came here first, because I got to dance a little bit, and enjoy some drink specials. They have really cheap mimosas, as well as a selection of cider, 2 things that make for a great night out. The waitress was very nice, and although we didn't eat any of the food it looked really good. Some other people at the table got a pretzel with cheese (yum!) and a cheeseburger with fries. When we go back I will defintely be trying out that pretzel for myself.
3	Chicken fingers and Fries were really freaking good! Unfortunately, we also ordered the chicken nachos app and it was not great. I think they use liquid American cheese that kinda reminds me of cheez whiz. And the chicken was not great. I love American cheese, but geez. I can see alot of people liking this though so of course it's just my opinion :) I might come back in the future, but there are so many other pubs I want to try and this didn't really stick out.
4	This place is like a massive Braswells and a must spot for watching sporting events. Staff was very nice and attentive, tons of big TV's, lots of beer choices and the food was surprisingly delicious. I had the salmon salad and didn't expect much but it was fantastic. The wings were delicious (Teriyaki sesame) and the shrimp and fries were good too.  For the right group of people this is a nice place.  Good solid place to visit.
3	Been here a couple of times. Actually had lunch here today with some friends. I like the interior. Definitely has an all american bar vibe to it. Big booths, very spacious, lots of tvs. We actually sat at the bar today.Service is pretty good. The bartender was very friendly and the servers are usually very friendly and attentive. Now onto the food. I ordered the philly cheesesteak, one of my friends the BLT with egg and the other friend the fish sandwich. We also shared the chicken nachos. Overall the food wasn't bad. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. The portions were pretty huge, I have to say. My last few visits I've ordered and liked the wings. I think I'll revert back to that habit. The had a nice list for drinks and had daily drink specials which is always a plus. Prices were pretty reasonable too. Some of the entrees were only a couple bucks more than the sandwiches. I hear that on weekends they move the tables aside and turn it into a dancefloor. lolOverall I won't gush over the food. It's not bad, yet not outstanding. but if you're looking for a fun place in southend to catch a game, this place is cool for that. Decent bar food choices, even better drink specials, reasonable prices, and pretty good service too.
3	good for watching sports but they may have a limited menu during popular games.  parking isnt ideal and it can get pretty clubby once the games are over.
3	Wanted to try Food Truck Friday but it was raining on my side of town so we decided to hit up  bar for food and drinks. My friend recommend American Pub . I haven't really explored this area I generally stay on South Blvd but it seems like there are a lot of nice restaurants a few streets over. Parking was pretty easy for a Friday night there is a lot past the train tracks and to the left with a parking attendant. He just asked us where we were going  and then let us in ... I'm not really sure how they regulate parking but it was FREE.99 so who cares. Overall nice spacious pub/bar/place to watch sports. They have a general bar area, booths and high tables. There is also a patio outside but we chose to sit in a booth. I wasn't super hungry just more so came out to socialize so I ordered the large soft pretzel and a cider beer. The food and beer were pretty good but the service was a bit slow for the amount of people in there. Maybe they kick it up a notch when it's more people or a game day ? We did notice that a different type of crowd (club like) started to come in as we were leaving around 10pm or so.
4	Looking for a place to watch a game? AAP has you covered: TVs everywhere, good food, large beer selection and a giant patio.We stopped in last night for MNF. Walked in to discover wings were half price. Score. We ordered 50. I mean, how could we not? We picked a few different flavors to try. My personal fav was the Thai Chili. The wraps here are pretty good. You can't go wrong with the Black N Blue or the Buffalo Chicken. My "no-meat allowed friend" is a big fan of the veggie burger. Side item heads up: they give you a HUGE portion of fries. I usually pick another side and steal some from a friend because there's more than enough to go around the table.AAP has different specials throughout the week. Here are a couple highlights:-Half price apps from 4-6pm Monday through Friday-$2 Mimosas and $4 Build-Your-Own Bloody Mary Bar on SundaysConvenient location right next to the light rail. It's also one of the few places in South End where parking is not a complete nightmare.
4	I know, I know, I know... I just wrote about this place last week. But after yesterday's experience, I must share with the Yelp-verse.Our server at our go-to Sunday football spot was out of town this weekend. So, we decided to switch things up and try AAP. Some of the group adamantly did not want a venue change. They were outvoted.The place was PACKED. Inside and out. I didn't realize Bengals fans congregate here. It was rocking after their big win against the Patriots. We had about ten people in our group (a group made up of current and former service industry peeps). Every single one of us was just completely blown away by the service. It seemed as though AAP had 400 people working. An empty glass wouldn't last on a table more than five minutes before someone was by to snag it. At one point, I was dropping things on the floor just to see how quickly they would be picked up. (Okay, I made the last line up, but you get my point) Our server Stacy was completely on point. Never skipped a beat the entire seven hours we were there. No one was ever drink-less. Food came out quickly.Bravo AAP. You guys are a well-oiled machine on game day. Now if only I could say the same thing about the Panthers....
5	best customer service ever, all the servers and bussers worked as one unit. No dirty dish or empty glass stayed on the table for more than a minute. The cheese sticks were also awesome. Went on a football sunday and it was slammed. To preform under that kind of pressure was great. Will definately be back
4	Came here last night to watch the Panthers game. We arrived 30 minutes before kickoff and, as expected, it was packed!!! We had no chance of getting a table and the hostess said one wouldn't be available until after the game. (So, just note, that if you want a table here for a big game, come super early!!). We headed to the bar and were content with standing and watching with everyone else in the bar area. They have a good amount of beers on tap and Thursdays is $3 NC beer night. Yay for Shotgun Betty! Didn't eat food on this specific occasion but we have eaten here many times and the food is pretty decent bar food. Will update this review with specific food items next time we go.
1	Do NOT order a bowl of anything here...the bowl is very tiny and costs $5.  The manager even said that the size of the bowl is just a cup.
5	My wife and I were in your restaurant on Friday night 11/29 and we chose to eat at the bar. We had a wonderful experience, food was delicious and the bar tender was so personable with all the customers and we overheard many compliments regarding the bar tender. She had such an outgoing personality and great sense of humor. We had been in your restaurant many times and we will continue to come and choose the bar because of this young lady. Her name is Logan and please let her know that we were most impressed with her ability to work and socialize and all with a smile.
4	The was nice for a afterword happy hour spot.  On Tuesday Beer Drafts are only $2.50, which was the main selling point for choose this spot as the location.   The Bar is nice and open, which plenty of tvs and seating.    I didn't get any food, but other people at the table did and the Chicken Fingers looked really good.  I'll be trying those the next time
4	Service was a little slow today but the food was good. Husband really enjoyed the appetizer selections. Great place to stop for a bite and beer off the tracks.
4	Food here is not very great... The chicken tastes like the processed frozen chicken you can get from the supermarket. But this is the best place in Charlotte for NFL games! Get there early so you can get a table. And the bloody Mary bar is awesome!
4	Excellent bar in southend. If you enjoy sports and beer this is the place to be. **Sit in the bar area
5	Nice hangout place and a good dance floor!
2	Worst bar tenders in Charlotte. Inefficient, rude, and mess up a simple orders. I ordered 3 beers and ended up with 3 shots of Fireball. I told her I ordered 3 Two Hearted Ales, she left and I never got my beers even after a bar back told her I was still waiting for my order.
1	Had an hour off for lunch and this place is walking distance from my office. We were seated quickly then waited about twenty minites to get water. After ordering and waiting 40 minutes for a burger and a sandwhich had to leave to get back to work. Never got our food. Terrible service couldn't tell you what the food was like. Never goimg back there for lunch.  Now I get to wait till I get off from work to actually eat something. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
3	Good selection of tap beers.. Nice place to get a few drinks in South End before taking the light rail Uptown
2	This place has a great atmosphere, but, unfortunately, that is about all it has. First off, our waitress took our drink orders then never came back to take our food order. We had to ask another waitress to get ours for us. Then we waited close to 45 minutes for our food. When it did come my chicken in the chicken Caesar salad was severely over-cooked. The same goes for my date's breakfast burger. He ordered it medium-rare and instead got a well done burger with no pink showing. I also spilled my drink and the waitress never noticed. Despite the new look and new menu, this place still disappoints.
4	Ahhh All American Pub, my go to when there are sports I want to watch and hangout with friends.  This is our go-to spot and we are always treated very well. TVs everywhere that allow you to catch action all over the restaurant.  Perfect for sports fans. They have their own parking lot which makes it great to not have to pay.  They also use their lot for special events and it's definitely large enough to hold those. Drink and food prices are not the bad.  I love the pretzel with cheese, get it every time I'm there.  The chicken nachos are also delicious. Tim the GM is the nicest guy.  Always accommodating and friendly with everyone.  Since this place is packed during football season be prepared for waits at the bar but that's what happens when you go to "the" spot before/after the games.
2	Nah, man. You're going to have to step up your game to compete in South End. They... had beer. And.... we drank some of it. The decor was nothing special, the service was prompt, but nothing special. My friend's pepper jack sticks were alright. My sweet potato fries were good, but they came with tiny pre-packaged honey butter- how much effort does it take to whip some up yourself and serve enough for the whole portion? With all the other bars within walking distance, I can't think of a reason to come back.
5	Fantastic!!! - the Phillies cheesesteak!!!  Came w/ rib-eye, not at all heavy!!!  In fact, the quantity this restaurant serves is just right - doesn't overwhelm you. It seems to put quality over quantity. The servers were great as well
2	Pretty standard sports bar.  Plenty of TVs, even outside, though a number of them must have had bad connections because they were constantly garbled.  Food was ok. Had the pepper crusted tuna.  Tuna was tasty and the broccoli al dente  but the white rice it was served with was over cooked and mushy. My GFs burger and fries were just fine. Service was slow, empty beer glasses waiting to be filled. Don't sit out on the patio if you're sensitive to cigarette or cigar smoke.  That is generally where the smokers come out when drinking.
3	Good place to watch a game, the bartenders were fairly attentive but food service time was poor. After 30+ minutes waiting for an app, I canceled the order and asked for my check.
3	Came here during U.S. Vs Ghana and this place was packed to say the least. Shoulder to shoulder, no open seats... A great environment to be in for the win. For any sporting event, after work drinks, or late night debauchary, this place is perfect. Yes, the crowd is definitely younger and rowdy.   Yes, getting a drink was a slow process but the bartenders handled it very well. I had the audacity to order food and after waiting for a bit a manager went out of her way to approach me and singlehandedly search for it. She went above and out of her way, stopped what she was doing to help me out.After her efforts, the food wasn't that great or anything special. This is a sports bar for crying out loud, not a fine dining establishment, but the fact she went out of her way speaks volumes.
4	Go to spot for sports watching, lots of TVs everywhere.  I came here to watch all the USA world cup games and the NCAA basketball tournament.  This bar has a typical bar food menu but I really enjoy everything I have had on it.  The service is average and gets slower during big games and when the place is crowded.  They have a nice patio with outdoor seating as well and TVs outside!
3	Picked here to eat due to it was right around the corner from my friends condo and it had outdoor seating (the weather was too nice to sit inside). Our server was was friendly and great. Started of with drinks, which that had a nice selection of beers and cocktails. After our first round we order appetizers and dinner, which both were very tasty. Was tempted by desert (our server did a good job to try to entice us, but we were all full from dinner). If you want to watch any sporting event, this would be a good place to do so. They have a crazy number of TVs.
4	The secret's out....All American has become our "go to" place when it's been a loooong day and we need drinks and a bite after work!The parking situation can be a bit of a challenge but patience (and some hovering around) will eventually get you in the door. I love the open floor plan and the staff have been pretty consistent with good service.So Happy Hour is from 4-6pm with half price appetizers and do yourself a favor and get the pretzel with cheese sauce! It comes our warm perfectly crunch on the outside and soft on the inside. It's an excellent start or pair with some beer!On my last visit I ordered a salad (I know...I know) but it was actually very tasty! I got the Cobb salad with bacon, chicken, avacado, and blue cheese dressing. It was classic. I'd order it again but this place has a pretty fantastic menu! I've seen the burgers, nachos and sandwiches and they all look amazing! I know we'll be back soon so I can't wait to try out more options!
5	I come here all the time, admittedly because my building is directly next to it. The food is much better than you would expect from this type of bar (while maybe slightly overpriced) and service is usually really good. In fact, the busier it gets the better the service! Really fun, chill atmosphere. I have been going here at least once a week for over a year and have never had a complaint.Today I made a to-go order for the first time because I was craving All American's sweet potato fries (they are incredible) and they told me my order would be ready in 10 minutes. They took a longer than ten minutes, and didn't charge for the order because of the delay.I didn't think I could ever love this place more than I already did!
5	I really like All American Pub for lunch time.Staff greets and treats you well.  Very attentive, with a smile.  Managers stop by and say "Hey.".Food fresh and flavorful.Wide array of seating.  Comfortable..Thugs-beware, CMPD finest always around.
1	Such a disappointment.  Really wish that a pub with a great location and amazing food offered better service.  I enjoy the the neighborhood and fans of collegiate sports; however the service is not on par.  If only they had intelligent and diligent servers, I would enjoy patronizing this comfortable and convieng bar.
3	This place is great to watch any type of sporting event. Bartenders are very attentive - food and drinks come quickly.  The food is not something I will look forward to again, but I go for the drinks, stay for the service and while I'm there, I eat the food. Two star deduction for OK food.
4	Fun atmosphere! Lots of Tvs, and lots of space. Biggest perk is that it's close to me! The food is just mediocre, I usually go here after the free yoga every 2nd Wednesday of the Month because there is 1/2 price wine on Wednesdays. The salads are ok, but nothing to rave about. Although, I think it's more of a burger fries type place, but usually try to stay away from the burger type meal.
1	I went to All American Pub to catch a football game this past weekend because it wasn't on national TV.  First off, it looked like they removed all of the bar stools and forced everyone to stand, and it is impossible to get a table. Therefore, I spent 3.5 hours standing in front of a bar getting elbowed by drunken idiots who clearly should have been cut off.  (If a guest approaches the bar, slams his drink down out of control-- he clearly does not need to be served a round of shots).  Second-- I consider myself a decent tipper and tip after every drink I order.  I had paid with cash all afternoon and tipped each time.  The last round I ordered, I only had two fives to pay for my $5 order.  I asked the bartender to break the second five so I had change.  She said, "Sure" and then proceeded to ring out my order, make change for the 5 and put ALL OF IT in her tip jar.  I was previously a bartender and I would NEVER do that.  You should never expect all change to be tip-- change should go to the customer and they can determine your tip.  I then noticed that every time that same bartender took money from someone and it was less than a dollar that was owed to the customer, she banked all of it without offering the change to the customer.  If you ask me, that is theft.  I will never recommend anyone go to All American Pub on a Sunday-- unless you want to be stolen from and bombarded by a bunch of over served drunks.
2	When all you need is a delicious, greasy meal to smother your hangover.... Don't go to eat at all American pub. Everything on the menu screams mediocrity. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was ok. A decent amount of food, sure-but not much flavor. The fries were flavorless too. My friends who ordered the philly cheese steak and cheeseburger could on use one word to describe their food quality as well:mediocre.The service was slow and the food ok. I'll go back to watch football and drink (tons of awesome TVs, but will probably never eat again there.
3	Always have plenty of bartenders, so nice to not have to fight to put a drink order in. Game day menu has vegetarian options unlike some other places & it's not bad food at all.
1	Worst experience ever!!! Today was just horrible. We witnessed a bouncer belittle and be rude to so many people. The bar was packed, which was not bad but honestly most of the 'security' staff need to be fired if not arrested for harassing girls and just honestly being out of line with anyone who walked in the door or sat on the porch. I plan to go back but only to get things on video as we are almost sure the owner/ manager MUST NOT know this is happening. If they do.... The place needs to be shut down right away. All we wanted to do was watch the panthers game and yet we ended up so sad and disgraced by the actions of these people who work in Charlotte.
