5	Great way to spend a few hours when you need a break from the gambling/drinking on the strip.  Some of the highlights include a game used Babe Ruth jersey, the USA women's 1999 World Cup trophy, and an interactive hockey rink where you can show off your stickhandling skills... mine were definitely lacking.  Guess I'll have to come back again to practice :)  There's so much to see, be sure to check it out!
5	Really great time. The staff is great and really works hard to make sure the experience is great. Truly the best collection of sports memorabilia In one location by far. An amazing time. A must go for a Vegas visit. The interactive exhibits are good too.
3	Nice, but small display. It was fun, but thought it would be a little bigger and more interactive
4	To be honest, I'm not the sporty type of girl, but even then I enjoyed visiting Score. They have about 5 interactive games, in which you are timed for doing different type of activities. So, if you are very competitive like me, you will have a great time going there. Their staff was super nice, attentive a courteous.  You also have the chance to take a picture as a souvenir or purchase athletic items at their store.  If you want to kill 40 minutes of your time while doing something different,  I will recommend to check it up.
5	Score! was super awesome.  We paid $28 for two tickets (go into the store first and get the 50% off coupon).  It was well worth the money.As an avid basketball fan, I thought I would just breeze through the other exhibits.  Boy, was I wrong!  My favorite exhibit was probably the hockey interactive.  I have never watched hockey in my life, so this was quite a surprise.  It is so addictive...go and you will see for yourself!Besides the really cool interactive events, the memorabilia that has been collected was really interesting to see.  Each sport is filled with really amazing items.  I would highly recommend that you go if you are even the slightest bit a sports fan.  Well worth the low cost.
5	By far the best interactive exhibit that I have ever walked through. I will absolutely come back and do this every time I'm in Vegas because of how informative it was.   The staff were extremely helpful and made sure we had a great time! This is a gem! Bring your kids if you have them with you!
5	The coolest interactive exhibit I have ever been to hands down. Awesome memorabilia and interactive stuff for people off all ages. Covers all sports interests. The retail is awesome too great selection of snapbacks and replica gear. Great for the price and the kids will love it. Check it out its not to be missed.
2	If you've never been to any sports Hall of Fames, this might be cool but not at $28 a person.  That's just highway robbery for what's in there.  Yeah they have autographed jerseys encased in glass from some of the greatest American athletes of all time but that doesn't warrant the price.  I used the deal from Travelzoo so it came down to $14 per person and I felt like I still paid about $9 more than I should have.    The interactive sections need to be revamped big time.  While a couple of things were fun like the mini hockey rink which was probably the most high end interactive thing they had, doing things like a vertical test and testing your pitching speed aren't worth paying for.  There's a football section....so how about having something where you actually throw or kick a football????  I went to the New England Patriots Hall of Fame a few months ago and they had a virtual field goal set up where you kick a real football.  That was awesome. Their display was not.We also had a fun interaction at the end of the exhibit with a shirtless man that came in through the exit.  He was clearly tripping his balls off on something and kept asking where his buddy was.  Good times!   Skip it!  The Bodies exhibit would be time and money much better spent.
4	it was awesome! My husband is a big sports guy, who knows all kinds of stuff about pretty much every sport. My favorite part was at the entrance: they have actual contracts displayed, it was so awesome to see that. Each section has an interaction part to it. For baseball, you get to measure the speed of your fastball (it wasn't working properly when we visited). For hokey, you test how fast you can move the puck and score. For football there are 3 different ones. It was a really cool experience. And the staff was very friendly. :) Visited 11/16/13.
3	As other reviews out there state, this exhibit is not worth full price ($28 currently).  Go to a Tix4Tonight and get them for half price. Our family enjoyed it but it's nothing that will bowl you over.  Interesting memorabilia and a few novel activities but nothing truly remarkable.  Will take around an hour  to get through +/- 15 minutes depending on how fast you go.  It was pretty empty on a 3-day weekend.  Worth it at half price but no mre.  If you are a sports nostalgic, you will enjoy it.  Otherwise an okay way to spend some time in the Luxor but don't make a special trip for it.
4	Brought my husband here during our trip to Vegas and we both had an amazing time! I love the fact that it is interactive, it just enhanced the already cool experience. I would suggest looking online for a coupon because although it was great, it was not $28.00 per person great (I found a BOGO coupon online). Definitely check it out if you are any sports fan!
5	This is a great little surprise for a sports lover! Got the tickets half off online before the trip. Well worth $14, but I wish I'd done the 3 for $50 thing that MGM does. Could have seen Titanic and Bodies, too. The trials are really fun and interactive, but my digital locker didn't work at the end :(Won $100 on the slots before the exhibit, woohoo!
4	I thought this exhibit was actually kinda cool. We got in free because we went to the shark reef at Mandalay Bay and you get a free pass to come here on the end of your ticket stub. A lot of cool old sports memorabilia and fun little activities to do like throw a baseball and see your speed...kinda interesting.
3	This exhibit is a mix of sports memorabilia and interactive tests of your athletic skill. However cool you think that sounds, it wasn't as cool as you think. They have jerseys and other sportswear for the greats from each of the big North American sports. For each of those sports, they also have one or two standard athletic tests, like how fast can you throw a baseball and how high you can jump. I think I enjoyed the adjacent Titanic exhibit more, and that's coming from a guy who didn't particularly enjoy the movie.
3	Not really worth the price for what they have but they do have some cool stuff to do there but there should have been more. If you are a sports fan, you will love as they have a variety of displays. Was short and was expecting more. A plus is the shop they have there and as someone living in Hawaii, I was able to find shirts that I can't get here.
1	Honestly, it was a waste of money. The interactive activities were boring (use an ipad to type in your name and get a picture of your name on a jersey - great), see how far your can jump or how high. The only 2 that were decent were the puck challenge and the baseball speed test. Not worth the money - all hype.
1	Went and found the place closed. Sad because I was really looking forward to it. There was no sign on the door explaining the reason for closing, but everything had been removed from the front window. Obviously will not be reopening anytime soon, if at all.
