4	Located in the newly remodeled Scottsdale Marriott at McDowell Mountain- Agave is a casual restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The interior is contemporary and offers views of the golf course with the mountains in the distance.  They also have a great outside area (what place out here doesn't?) which is perfect to enjoy a glass of wine or a snack with friends.If sports are your thing- there is HUGE TV (85") over the bar . . .perfect for the special game or on this night the Golden Globes were on which was a welcome respite from all the football games.  I sat at the bar and ate but there are plenty of tables scattered about or even couch seating areas.Service was spot on!  Kat, the bartender, took excellent care of us- accommodating our special food requests with a smile and even checking to see if the chef could find some broccoli to cook for me since it wasn't on the menu.  She even offered up a couple of her favorites on the menu (which were the chicken and the fish tacos in case you wanted to know!)I went for steak and it came up perfectly prepared.  We also had the grilled shrimp skewers which I definitely would order again.  They came with a fresh avocado which was the perfect accompaniment for the cilantro lime sauce on the shrimp.But if you go- same room for dessert.  And when you do, order the warm fruit tart.  On the night I was there- the fruit was apple.  This thing came out in a little mini skillet- topped with pecans and caramel sauce and served with a big dish of ice cream!  The smell alone made we want to just inhale the entire dish! But savoring it made so much more sense.A little hard to find as it's buried inside the Marriott but definitely worth looking for!
3	The Agave is an unsigned restaurant off the lobby of the Scottsdale Marriott hotel.  It looks like a typical resort lobby bar except that it has about 30 tables where food is served.  If they provided a free breakfast to their guests at the Scottsdale Marriott, this would be an appropriate place for it.So call it a resort coffee shop, but one with a slightly more upscale menu and far better food.  Although the offerings are limited, they are well prepared and use quality ingredients.  Of particular note are the flank steak salad and the meatloaf.  Only the corn fritters were a bit disappointing - not that they were poorly made, just not particularly tasty.  Maybe some chilis in the recipe would help.So far, the Agave sounds like four stars, but it loses one for two reasons:1.  It is a bit too expensive for such a casual atmosphere.2.  The servers are friendly and attentive but not very skilled.  It feels like you favorite aunt is serving you in her dining room.  At least I don't need to tip my aunt.
4	Came here for an upscale ladies lunch, and this place didn't disappoint.  It's a casual atmosphere (HUGE tv above the bar) with a sophisticated menu (slightly pricey but its a hotel restaurant so what do you expect?).  The service was great - they specially made a salad into a wrap upon request, and the chef actually came out to make sure everything was to our liking.  The ingredients are fresh and the guacamole was great!  It has nice views of the mountains and an outdoor seating area.If you're looking for a nice sophisticated place to take someone to breakfast, lunch, or dinner, this is definitely an option you should consider.  The valet parking is a plus!(Note: I think this used to be called Zambra before the hotel remodeled)
