3	We went for dinner on a Sunday about 4-5 pm it gets crowded. They were understaffed, but our food was still good. I usually have the carne asada lunch special and they have good menudo too. It's a large restaurant. I loooove their chips and salsa here. El Mexicano is affordable, clean,  and tasty!
3	This place has been in Downtown Henderson for years. With my mother being a big-time fan of Mexican food, needless to say, I have been dragged here numerous times. It is the closest "dine-in" Mexican restaurant to the house, and it's a pretty average affair. It's also one of the few family-run businesses still serving this town, and that alone scores some major points in my book.The food here is typical Mexican fare, with a little bit of everything, including some American dishes as well. It's a pretty good variety of items, and for the most part everything tastes pretty good. Some of the soups I have ordered have been a bit too much on the salty side, but that's the only major complaint I have had food-wise so far.The restaurant is located on Pacific, not far from the Water St. intersection. Disappointingly, the parking spaces are all fit onto the narrow road right out front the restaurant. This makes it exceedingly difficult and dangerous to get out of your space, as you will have a hard time seeing any oncoming traffic. When my mother has to ask me if any cars are coming and can't see the traffic herself, that's a telltale sign that things are definitely wrong with the parking situation.The place has a good amount of seating and often gets busy. Sadly though, a lot of the time I have come in here and tabletops have been dirty. Additionally, the service is generally VERY slow, even when the restaurant is dead. I can understand these folks wanting to keep this as a family-run business, but it wouldn't kill them to hire a little extra help. When I've asked for the check and don't receive it for an additional 10 minutes, that's a needless delay. There have also been times when my order has been messed up (giving me a chicken enchilada when I asked for cheese, etc.) but they are generally nice about rectifying said mistakes. This is a good restaurant, though it doesn't reach a level of greatness. If you live in Old Henderson, it's a worthwhile dining experience if you can look past the flaws.
2	Slow service, below average food.
