5	My son broke the screen on his "new" Samsung Galaxy smart phone.  Given it has a touch-screen, I had assumed that it was irrepairable.  On a whim, I decided to stop-in to Quick Mobile Repair after seeing their street sign on the SE-corner of Cave Creek and Union Hills Road.  Nick Fazio has a small shop set up in the back of a local smoke shop, but don't let his humble operation mislead you.  He was able to repair my son's smart phone for less than $80 parts and labor and it is good-as-new.  Nick was professional, low-pressure, and confident in his ability to fix the phone.  He even loaned my son a "loaner phone" while he worked on my son's phone.  It took several days given Nick had to special-order the repair parts, but I was just grateful he was able to fix it.If you need a cell phone repaired, talke to Nick Fazio.  He does amazing work!
3	I found Quick Mobile Repair with a Groupon. I would say that normally, their prices are about the same as the Apple store. However, with a Groupon, it was an excellent value. Plus: very very fast repair (only 30 minutes!), easy to make appointments over the phoneMinus: my new screen has a small green dot on it, and is a different hue than the original screen. Also, the repairman did not return my case. I also wish that the website included prices, store hours, and an email link.
5	This guy is terrific!  They put up with my constant phone calls and was very efficient as we were leaving town soon.   Very helpful and very professional.  They answered extra questions about the iPad and were knowledgable. Thanks for the great job!
1	Got my screen replaced on my iphone, but they screwed something up and once I got home & charged it, it didn't work. All they offered to do was give me a discount to have it fixed again. Took it to another place that says they've seen this problem before with other phones that this place has worked on. Now costing me MORE to fix :( NOT a happy customer.
2	Quoted one price over the phone, never saw my phone, sent me an invoice to prepay (no parts in store) for a high amount , I called and emailed 2x's to send me another invoice or correct me if I was wrong. Nothing no call no email nothing . Too bad - dont like giving bad reviews but feel like had I paid online i would have been screwed!
5	I got my iPhone 5 screen fixed through a groupon. Took only 30 mins! Then they fixed my home button for free a month later! They are friendly, reasonable, and take care of your needs.
1	I am genuinely surprised at the rave reviews because our experience was a nightmare and completely unprofessional.  We bought a Groupon for this place because it was close to home.  After bringing in my daughter's iPad (which she uses for work) to have the glass replaces, we were told 48 hours for completion.  I showed up at 11 AM, maybe 3 hours early, to check on the status.  CLOSED. I waited about 10 minutes and finally left.  I tried calling Nick and got voice mail.  He finally called me when I was already 1/2 way home with a sleepy granddaughter in the car.  I said I would come by later: still not ready.  I said that they could deliver it to my house, which someone did.  Later we got a phone call that the iPad delivered was not ours, so they came back to switch the iPad.  Our daughter was visiting from Maine and left a few days later.  Shortly after that, I received a call that the glass had fallen off!  After much to-do with Nick (questioning that how does he know it happened? Really??) I showed him pictures. My husband finally brokered a deal that we would pay for the shipping back to Phx and Nick would pay for the return postage for 2-day return.  When the iPad got here, I brought it in still in the box.  The glass was broken and Nick said, "Well, I cannot fix this.  The glass is broken. How do I know that it wasn't broken 1st". I almost lost it. I said, how do you know that when it fell off because you did a terrible job, that it didn't break?  You saw the photos! The glass was NOT broken. She tried weighting it down, still fell off.  A deal was made again with my husband that we would pay Nick's cost for the replacement glass (different color because he did not have black in stock.) and ship it out to our daughter.  I had to instruct him to use Priority Mail 2-day because he was going to use FedEx who does not deliver on the weekend. I won't tell you how long it took for her to get it back!  Amazing.  GO SOMEPLACE ELSE!
5	I have taken my iPhone5 here twice now (I clearly need a better case!).  They are fast, friendly, and do a great job.  Hopefully I won't need to come back again anytime soon, but I definitely recommend them!
5	I called Nick to to schedule a repair for and ipad2, He told me that it was a very busy work load because two members of his staff had called in sick.  nick told me that it might take up to 48 hours for the repair. I explained that it was for my son who uses it for his therapy and it was critical I get it back as soon as possible.  He was very helpful and accommodating.  The job was done with in a couple of hours and it looked great. I normally do not write reviews, but I took the time today because of the great experience I had. Not only was the job done very well he was very friendly and helpful.  The same Ipad has been repaired at least 3 times before, my experience with other repair shops has gotten progressively worse.  I never take the time to talk badly about the other shops but I think it's important to praise a business owners that values customer service.
1	I don't even think this place deserves one star. We took our daughter's Ipod in here not once, not twice, but three times to get it repaired and it still isn't right. First the screen was put on incorrectly and it kept falling off. Next it was pinched down to hard so the buttons didn't work. Finally the screen kept coming off again. Now the wifi isn't working. We took it into another place this morning and learned Quick Mobile Repair CUT the wifi wire. Lovely, just lovely. Don't waste your $$$ here. We WILL BE getting our money back plus the cost of the new repairs. I can't believe how this place stays in business.
1	Horrible quality glass. Got phone fixed here twice and glass breaks EXTREMELY EASY. Will now just wait until my next upgrade. Ridiculous & a total rip off. I feel he replaces phones with poor quality glass, expecting you to come back multiple times when it "breaks", disappointing.
5	Very professional! Does a great high quality job! If you want fast and efficient service then Nick is your man!
5	The screen needed to be fixed on my girlfriends iphone 4S and I found a great deal at Quick Mobile Repair. They were able to schedule an appointment same day and that worked with my schedule. The guys worked fast (only 30min to replace the screen) and were very professional. I highly recommend them to anyone who needs their mobile device repaired! I am very happy with how quick and professional their service was. I will definitely come back when I need another repair!
1	Completely ruined my iPhone 5s. Only offers 14day warrantee, replaced my screen and all sorts of problems occurred including speaker malfunctions, phone not vibrating, camera not working, etc. After 3 weeks, the screen started to peel off from the side and was only able to be fixed by installing another screen, which I had to do at another repair shop. Turns out that when the repair man opened up my iphone, this guy that had originally replaced my screen had torn many wires out, broke many parts (explains camera not working, the wire was loose). I have no idea how this guy is in business, do not under any circumstances come to him to repair your phone. This guy will brake your phone more than it already was in the first place.
1	Completely disappointed!!! They lied to my wife and I about pricing and service abilities.Took my wifes phone in for a data transfer, her screen was broken and it was impossible for us to sync the phone. Nick said that it wouldn't be a problem "We do this a lot." I was told that the service would cost $40...not bad...worth the price if it will work. I explained to Nick that Sprint had already made an attempt to transfer the data and were unsuccessful. He insisted that he could get it done and that it would take about an hour given the work load they had for the day. My wife and returned an hour and a half later and no work was completed and then the excuses came pouring in. My wife and I preceeded to wait for another hour and 20 minutes as he attempted to do something that other had not be able to do, which I informed him of. It truely felt like a competition, as though he was determined to make Sprint and the other tech that attempted to fix look stupid. It was matter of pride and void of any customer concern. Once Nick finally gave up in frustration, he told us to take the screen he was using to access the phone home with us so that we could write the information by hand since he could not transfer it. He was very clear that he would not charge us for the screen usage. We expressed our gratitude for the assistance even though we were beyond frustrated by this point. My wife returned the screen today and NICK charged her $43 dollars not $40 for the data transfer. My wife informed Nick that he did not transfer the data as promised and she would not pay for that so Nick charged her $43 dollars for useage of the screen which he stated on multiple occassions was FREE. I don't like being lied to! if they would have kept their word I would have tipped them and gave them repeat busy. INSTEAD, they get negative reviews and bad word of mouth. I will NEVER recommend people here, unless that recommendation is to go somewhere else.
