4	Getting off the vacation review kick, back to some LV reviews!  Even better, this one is a first to review for me!I know most of you have been to a Subway at one time or another and many of you are 'Yay!' and some of you are 'Blah.'  But this Subway here by my part of town is my fav place to pick up a Subway sub!  This one is pretty new, maybe a year old or so and is the sub shop is connected to a Winchell's Donut.  Pretty good way of cancelling out the benefits of eating healthy, eh Subway?  Get a sub with all the veggie fixins' and chase it with an order of glazed donut holes?  Meal of champions I tell you!  This is my fav Subway mainly because their ingredients are always super fresh looking whenever I go there.  The assistant manager I met there (I refer to these guys as the 'Ass. Man.' ha ha) said he tries to run a pretty tight ship because other Subways he's been to don't  live up to the company's high standards.  His efforts must be paying off because he mentioned that this particular Subway has been consistently getting the most sales on the SW part of town the past several months.  That's saying a lot because there is a Subway on almost every block you go.  See kids, high quality always leads to high profits!  Don't skimp on your standards.Back to the sandwiches.  The ingredients here I can see are always fresh, nothing ever looks old.  The tomatoes aren't soggy, the lettuce isn't wilted, and the red onions aren't stinky-slimy.  This Subway even serves spinach!  Rare find in this town, most Subways I go to don't have this on their veggie menu.  I've never been let down by any of the sandwiches I've gotten here, I leave pretty satisfied.  The bread is fresh and fluffy (not flattened like you see at some Subways) and the meats don't look like they've been sitting out all day.  Personally, I love the Subway $5 foot long menu.  I work out a lot so I'm happy knowing I can go have a cheap, healthy meal afterwards.  One of my fav sandwiches is the Oven Roasted Chicken Breast with ALL the veggies, provolone, extra lettuce, tomatoes, banana peppers, light mayo, spicy mustard, salt and pepper.  Another one of my favs is the Spicy Italian.  I also like the Meatball Marinara with provolone, tomatoes, spinach, bell peppers, and banana peppers.  So good toasted!  Lately, I've been on their Orchard Chicken Salad sandwich kick (ahem...not toasted, ick), I like the apples and golden raisins in it.  And for $5 for a foot long...with chips or 2 cookies and a drink for under $8?  I can use this sandwich for 2 meals, unless I'm super hungry!  Or have to share with my fiance...which means I have to remove my double order of red onions (sigh).  And give her one of my cookies.  Fine, fine.  You can have my Oatmeal Raisin, but the Chocolate Chip is mine!Another few reasons I love this Subway?  The service and the cleanliness.  The staff have always been pleasant to me and never complain when trying to pack my over-stuffed sandwich (they have been known to be super heavy because of my veggie obsession) into a bag.  This place is usually pretty clean too, bathroom is kept up, and the floors are always mopped.  if you find a dirty area let them know and someone will be on it.  One of the coolest things about this Subway?  It's open 24 hours a day!  First one in my area, now if I have a late night craving for a sub I can drive down here at 2 in the morning if I want (I sometimes do on those long, Halo 3 filled nights).  I heard this Subway (and subsequently, Winchell's) is open 24 hours because a big part of their clientele are the nurses and doctors that work in the St. Rose hospital almost literally right next door.  In fact, the hospital is large chunk of their revenue.  This Subway also makes it easy for you too with a drive thru.  Yep, a Subway drive thru!  Don't even have to get out of my car for a Subway fix.  Hey doc, you got a heart surgery in 5 minutes?  No problem!  Just don't forget to wash your hands after you eat.
4	First Subway that I've been to that shares it's space with a Winchell's.If you're dining in, they serve your sandwich in a basket... Different.Nice place for a late night snack.
3	It's 24 hours.  It has a drive-thru.  And if you feel like being less healthy, it shares space with a donut shop.  Other than that, it's a pretty standard Subway.
4	Such a friendly staff! Fresh bread and fresh ingredients. I usually get a meatball sub on white bread with extra provolone. sooo delish!
5	I love Subway. This location is attached to a Winchells, has a drive thru and is open 24 hours!! Great healthy alternative to burger joints when you want some late night munchies. The inside is very spacious and clean and there is even an outdoor patio. Very nice!!
4	Good subs!
5	I will only get my sandwiches at THIS location.  Customer service has never been an issue here. I've tried other Subways out here and they ALL have awful service.  It's clean in here, they wash their hands before making the food and veggies are fresh.
2	Bought a 6" Turkey with avocado a couple nights ago and was very disappointed. The meat was plentiful; they threw in 5 slices, which was awesome. However, the entire sandwich was ruined when it came to the avocado. The avocado was past it's due date. It was evidenced by the fact that it was brown and tasted bad. It might have been a one time thing, or maybe the guy didn't notice.I would give them a second chance, just to see if maybe it improves.
4	I almost always use the drive through and to date they have never gotten my order incorrect. They always have a friendly smile for me as well. My good to sandwich shop!
