4	"Why review P.T.'s?"My reply......"It's a Vegas staple."Honestly, these day's P.T.'s is like Starbucks, there's one on every corner. It's the place you go when you wanna get a casual beer down the street from your house.  Or the place to watch the game without the hassle of going to a sports book on the strip.  It's Cheers, but in Vegas.The Sahara location was right behind my apartment, I could hop the wall and be there in seconds.  Honestly, when you just wanna hang out and let it all hang out this is the place....easy.  Ain't nothing wrong with a giant iced and frothy mug of anything on tap.  Why be picky at a P.T.'s.SO....you don't wanna wait in line after getting all dressed up to go to a club?  You don't wanna go to a sports bar buried in a casino?  Look out your door and I bet there's a P.T.'s Pub within spitting distance.  See you there.
3	24/7 Local video poker sports bar, everything you'd expect. It seems like I'm always just stopping in for a cheap breakfast, the Pt's Platter is way better than its Ihop and Denny's counterparts and the waitresses are much friendlier. Unfortunately, I always get sucked into the video poker machines and end up leaving with a full tummy and an empty wallet.
5	By the time I make it back to this particular PT's Pub, the entire staff is different yet every time my experience is outstanding. I've been visiting this PT's Pub for several years now, off and on.The food is reasonably priced, and good quality. The iced tea is pretty good and strong. The service from the bar staff is exemplary.Play the machines at your own risk, don't hold that against GoldenTavern group! That's, erm, kind of what they are there for...to take your money. In Las Vegas.  durrr.
4	Really laid back and nice dive bar. Their wings are AMAZING. best I have had in a very long time!!
5	This is My Fav, Local Bar, This is my "Cheers" Where I get to know a lot of other locals and have a good time with never a worry. prices compared to other places I have gone are nice. Happy hour I think is 4-7pm and 12am-4am where things are half price. The Bartenders are cool and not afraid to chat it up. there's 3 pool tables a dart board and they have a beer pong table, with plenty of seating. Sat Night at 10pm-2am is Karaoke always fun. There's no food here but they let you bring in food.
4	After a night of bowling, my friends and I decided we needed food in our systems! Thank goodness we came during happy hour!HAPPY HOUR: Half off all drinks and pizza from 4-7pm & 12-3am!WHAT: Since our favorite pizza wasn't on the menu (The Gilroy), we all came to a consensus on what we wanted on our pizza! The pizza was definitely half off, but since we added several toppings, each topping was 75cents additional- SO WORTH IT!! We created a monster pizza (all meats minus ground beef, and topped it off with jalapenos to create that neede ZING).  The only missing ingredients were tomatoes & mushrooms! BOOOHOOO!!We also had a bucket of sliders, which were pretty legit!! Also, garlic parmesan twister fries, which I always get at the local PT pubs!! Gotta love me some curly fries!!& lastly, had to top it off with the Pear Cider!! This has become my new found favorite drink!! I know, it's girly, but I LOVE IT!!*NOTE: The service was great!! The bartender made it so easy for us to order, and had a great sense of humor! I love people with a good sense of humor. It just brightens my day! =D
5	Great bar, great atmosphere, great staff!  By far my favorite PT's location in town.  They have 3-4 pool tables, darts, and a golden tee machine.  Also an internet jukebox where they won't skip your music if you put on a little death metal (I HATE bars that skip songs- why have a jukebox in the first place??).  I was there on a Saturday night, when they have karaoke weekly at 10pm.  We had an awesome time!  There's a HUGE seating area down front with plenty of room for the karaoke singers to do their thing.  Also, unlike many karaoke bars, it was VERY upbeat.  Most karaoke places just go through the list of singers all night, with silence in between karaoke songs while waiting for the next guy to get up.  Not this place.  There wasn't a moment of silence the whole night (DJ would play instrumentals in between songs while waiting for the new singer to come up).  Also, in between rounds of karaoke he would play popular upbeat music.  There was a crowd dancing to the Cupid Shuffle and Cha Cha slide!  You don't see that at Ellis Island, that's for sure!  It was definitely the kind of atmosphere where you could have a great time even if you're not a karaoke fan.  The best part is that all drinks were half priced from midnight- 3am.  The karaoke normally goes 10-2 but the host stayed almost until 4am because people kept tipping him to stay.  Definitely a great place to party- I'd highly recommend it!!
3	It's yet another PT's. And it's one of those PT's that is in a strip mall. Inside, it's like most every other PT's - shocking, I know. The bar area is large. There are only a couple of bar tops off to one side of the bar - and it is usually way too crowded to even want to sit at one of them, as people will be constantly bumping into you. But it is nice that the bar are is so large, making it easier to snag a bar stool and play some video poker.Down front is a slightly lower level with several couches and assorted games. This is the area where the karaoke happens. It's actually one of the better PT's for karaoke, as the space / area is large and open - much more accommodating for karaoke.
4	One of the better Pts I go to. Oliver is  a good bartender and is on point when it comes to keeping your glass full.  Wish they had their own food and didnt have to go next door though. Also pissed I cant bet sports here anymore but not there fault.
4	They shortened the happy hours at these bars, so happy hour is actually almost an actual hour now. More corporate greed at work. They did have a few beer specials, like 5 buck tall bud lights,  so that made it workable. Ordered the bikini wrap which was pretty good for a wrap. White chicken, avocado, lettuce, tomatoes and onions. Choice of wrap like spinach would have been nice. The fresh Cole slaw almost stole the show...The cook must have cut it up after I ordered. Best slaw in awhile. Good switch from fries. Not a bad location. Good living room area which I had all to my lonesome watching game.
2	This two star was well earned not the place to be on a night looking for a up beat bar.  I was born and raised in Las Vegas so after turning 21 I've been on a bar prowl trying to find the perfect hang out spots that are cool and chill for all age groups.  Now I'm a very open minded person so I can hang out with any crowd and still be comfortable and still have a great time. but this place was so dead there was no one to talk to. and the bartender was in and out of the back I only got two drinks after playing $30 they do have a few pool table and nice size bar and a really nice seating area for watching the big screens. but all bars these days have those and this is definitely not where I'll be taking my girlfriends next time I want to have a girls night out or just a nice night at the bar.
