4	Magnolia Lane should be renamed My Mother's Lane. Yes, this is officially my mother's favorite store to blow money in and I kind of like that. The sales staff is friendly and always willing to answer questions. The collection of fancy jewelry, handcrafted household items, purses, wall art is unlimited and unique. Pricing could be more reasonable, but I am sure the rent for this storefront is astronomical. Other than that Magnolia Lane is a gem and I hope more people find out about it.
1	This store is full of that cheap, cutesy, country crap.  It's all made in China and then astronomically overpriced by these ladies.  The sales staff was uppity and rude. You can get this junk on ebay for half the price.
5	Cute! Cute! Cute! I got lost for 45 minutes in there. Total eye candy for home decor. Ended up falling in love with a pot rack. Bought it, and drove it back to CA. It's the BEST reason to go to the District to shop.
5	Love this store!  Purchased some great decor for my house.  My new favorite shop!
3	This is the sort of store that I could spend a ton of time browsing in but never be disappointed to leave empty-handed.  I don't know what it is about it - probably the prices mixed with the fact that it's nothing I haven't seen before... i mean, they have tons of nice, kitschy stuff for around the house and also some nice accessories (jewelry, purses, scarves, etc.) but it's all so pricey.  That being said, I never do pass up going inside but it seems the goal is to get me to buy stuff, right?  And that never happens, so something must be missing.  A sale, maybe?
4	I love the shabby chic style of this boutique. A lot of their home decor has feminine and romantic touches or as Mr B. put it girly froo froo stuff. There's alot handcrafts that look  like it came straight out of Pinterest. Like the tree branch display spray painted in silver and covered in glitter with Valentine ornaments hanging on it. Super cute! Inspires me to break out the glue gun and start crafting myself but since I dont have time nor the patience to create unique vintage inspired crafts, I buy them.  There are some things that are pretty pricey but most are in reasonable price range. Some of the things they sell are locally made, like their jewelry,bath and kitchen products.  It's quality stuff, not the cheap mass produced junk from China. So for me what they charge it's worth it. My latest thing is wearing stacked bracelets or layering them.  They carry the cutest wrap bracelets with inspirational words.  I got so many compliments from mine, and the only place I found them was here.   Customer service has always been friendly and helpful. Last time I was there, I got a bracelet and the employee showed me the easier way to put it on. It was a nice personal touch to close a sale and the reason why I'm a repeat customer.
5	Great store and great selection.  Everything here is top notch.  My wife loves this store and anytime a birthday, anniversary, holiday or whenever she needs a little surprise Magnolia Lane is the place I go to.  It has never disappointed!
5	One of my very favorite places to shop!! Especially for gifts (and gifts for myself-wink wink) Andrea is so friendly, helpful, and  sweet...She likes to keep the store updated with the newest trends. This store carries unique items that my friends and family love to get as gifts.    Keep up the good work Magnolia Lane :)
4	This boutique is the cutest. I could spend so much time just wandering in here! They have such a wide variety of items and surprising finds. If you need a gift for someone who's tough to buy for - try Magnolia Lane! It can be a bit pricey, but it's a boutique! At Green Valley! It's not Wal-Mart. I love the stuff that looks like someone in the back is on Pinterest and just made it. I mean, I'm on Pinterest all day, too, but I don;t have time to actually do the crafts I pin! I'd much rather pay $16 for your glittery hard work.  One thing that would be fantastic - a clearance section! Also, maybe 20% off coupons in local mailers or an email list? Just to encourage all those shoppers who are on the fence about the price.
5	We happened into Magnolia Lane the other evening after dinner.  I thought the store front looked cute and I was right - this place is adorable!  It is the perfect place to pick up a gift or two that you know someone wouldn't buy for themselves or own - those indulgent gifts.  Things like the best smelling candles, adorable bow covered baby socks, blingy chandeliers, personalized jewelry and more.  If you love those kind of presents, don't delay a visit to this boutique!
5	This is one of my favorite places to shop! They have a great selection of candles and jewelry. This is where I go to buy Alex and Ani bracelets and my favorite Mistral soaps. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help you put together a gift.
