4	This place is great for furniture and clothes.  I always find the best kids clothes here, Janie & Jack, the Gap, Old Navy etc.  The prices are good and the store is clean (if not crowded).Furniture is hit and miss, but when its good its good.  HUGE selection of women's shoes.
5	Every time I come  to visit my folks I have to stop by- no need to pack heavy!  This time I bought DNKY, The LOFT, NY&Co,  and o few other great lables.  All as new if not "NEW" condition.  They have great prices and great staff, so friendly and helpful!  As long as they don't get greedy and raise there prices they will be around for a long time providing a great service too everyone of all incomes!!!
4	Holy Crap this place needs to find a bigger store to sell from.  But I'm afraid they'll get it and raise the prices.  The prices on stuff is really varied but you can find some good deals.  I've tried to talk them down one time but they declined saying what they had (bar stools) go very quickly.  We have found some really good deals there though so I have to give them 4 stars.  I would shop there really really early if you don't like swarms of people.   Now they have a sign up for an overflow gravel lot that looks like it is in front of someone's house and is east of the store.
4	Yep, best buys on used clothes here, often better made than new.
4	This is by far my favorite thrift store. I've stumbled upon so many awesome things while shopping here, my only complaint is that if the price-tag falls off one of your items they won't reprice it that day, but instead tell you to come back another day. Oh well, I'll still be back.
5	I love this thrift store in Mesa. They have a great variety of items for great prices! I found some great furnishings for my apartment, bathroom decorations, even some kitchen dishes. The glass cases hold some great finds as well. I bought some perfume once for .99 cents because I liked the way it smelled, and when I got home, I looked it up online, and to my surprise it was a $200.00 bottle of Victoria's Secret perfume! BONUS!  I will be going back to this store again and again as I have for the last couple years...  Hope this review helps!
5	I LOVE this thrift store! By far the best thrift store ever, and I have been in a lot of them. Yes, it could be a little cleaner, but it's large, and well organized. I have to bring an extra suitcase when I visit my Mom, and sometimes need to ship items of clothing and shoes home! I find jeans, shorts, tops, and shoes, all with brand names and stylish. Sometimes I feel as if the items are a little pricey, then think of how much the item was when it was brand new, and can see why it's priced as it is. I could spend hours in this store!
3	Mesa, oh Mesa you give me so many reasons to smash, stomp and RAWR you into rumble. MESA THRIFT smells like a dream deferred. no one could tell me a price for records. I'm sure you could score name brand stuff in the clothing but really smells of the dream deferred.
5	This is a great Thrift Store.  Every time I'm in the Phoenix area I come here and their sister store Indian School Thrift.  These two stores are great.  They are clean, organized and the prices are right.  Don't like the price?  Don't worry, they mark everything down weekly!!!The staff is friendly, management keeps the store looking, smelling and feeling nice and the a/c is always very cool in the summer months (which means I can stay in there for hours just keeping cool and shopping for very interesting stuff).The "boutique" area is VERY interesting and the best of any thrift store I've ever seen.  There are many, many good finds there!  If you are in the area (or even if you aren't) you should stop by and give it a shop!
5	Depending on what you want this is a 5+ Star Store.I have been a customet since it was Aarons with the blue awnings. Since then I have bought high quality men's long and short sleeve shirts for little money.Thanks to Mesa Thrift I not purchased a new shirt for many years. In 2008 I took a lot of large size ladies clothes for a lady in China.. Her fanily decended like vultures and the lady was left with a half a dozen pieces? I guess that was high marks. I used to buy a lot of books due to quality  price and selection but have never appreciated their book display method. Many other good values!
4	While visiting Phoenix I turned to Yelp to find something new and cool to do and once again, my fellow Yelpers steered me in the right direction! I decided to check out the Mesa Thrift Store based on the great reviews here and I didn't leave disappointed! Simply put, this is a great thrift store. It's very small but the goodies inside are top-notch. Maybe I'm used to the not-so-great thrift stores here in Las Vegas (the aisles at Goodwill are crammed with free casino t-shirts and other junk), but this place has oodles of treasures if you are willing to look. The racks aren't overly crammed full, making it easy to browse and the shelves were fairly well organized. The store was clean (as far as thrift shops go) and the employees were friendly. Lots and lots of Spanish speaking shoppers. The parking lot out front is very small and was crowded when I went; you might have to circle to get a spot.I didn't find a lot of great vintage finds here (the clothing is mostly newer styles and discount brands like you'd find at Kohls or the Gap), but there were some decent vinyl records and books. The electronics had seen better days so buyer beware. A few of the vintage bicycles out front caught my eye too. If you are a hipster, there were tons of ironic t-shirts for 99 cents each. (AS IF an actual hipster would ever admit to being one, *insert sarcastic eye roll here*).Most of the items were in very good to excellent condition and the prices were reasonable and fair. I left with a vintage real Denver Broncos NFL jersey ($4.99), two brand new full size Yankee Candles ($6.99 each), and a new looking Robert Graham polo shirt ($9.99). Definitely worth checking out if you are in the Phoenix area or if you love bargain hunting.
