5	If your into cigars, this is a definate must try.  With over hundreds to choose from, you are guaranteed to find something you like.  New to cigars? The staff is more than prepared to reccomend you a cigar.  Cigarettes are also sold here along with pipe tobacco and other smoking accessories.And you know the best part? It's not the prices, even though those are pretty reasonable.  It's that you can have a seat on one of the couches, tables, or bar stools, grab a beer or glass of wine, and relax watching one of the many flat screens here.  Yes my friends, you can smoke inside.  While the selection of beer and wine are limited, it's just enough to hit the spot on the way home from work or watching the game on Sunday. A+ my friends!
4	Great place for cigars and believe it or not, great local beer! Santan Brewing company, my favorite beer is on tap at Stogie Cutters! The staff is amazing ready to answer any question you have. I am new to cigars and they were very helpful with recommendations. The atmosphere is fun and very welcoming. A definite must try!
4	This is a very nice place, well stocked with both cigars and beer. The only thing keeping this from being a five star review is that the ventilation/filtration is insufficient for a cigar lounge. I'd go much more often if it was better. The staff is great and the owner is usually working the store. They know their cigars and are very friendly.
5	Love this place! Its our usual hangout. We Love Tasha (the bartender) and Paul the owner. They host card games regularly and are very friendly. I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a great beer selection and fine cigars. They regulars that are there are always fun and friendly. Definitely a favorite.
5	I really do not know much about cigars but wanted to try something new. The staff was very helpful in helping me pick out ones to try and took the time to answer all my questions. I love their lounge area and loved how it just felt so comfortable to sit down and relax and enjoy my very first cigar!
4	We made the trek from the northwest valley and it was well worth it. We chose our cigars, some we normally smoke and some new ones.  We sat at the bar and it was a very comfortable ambiance and it goes so well with just the right draft or one of the any bottle beers. I wish we lived closer to make it our neighborhood hangout but we have occasion to come that way now and then and we will certainly include it in our plans for the future.
4	Great place to relax, have a good beer and a good stick. One of the best stocked humidors in town. Mostly boutique brands, all good quality, fairly priced. Humidor is in pristine condition, no mold or dust. Stock is constantly rotating through with new releases.Staff is friendly, casual, and helpful. Regulars are awesome. Beer selection is really amazing if you're looking for something that's harder to find or you just want a good variety of craft beers to choose from. If you're not a beer drinker or have a gluten allergy like me there are always additional options. I've seen a moderate selection of wine, mead, champagne, hard cider, saki, and even a selection of wine-based liquors that they will create mixed drinks from. Of course there's always soda, iced tea, and water as well.The place doesn't serve food, but they have a few snacks for purchase like candy bars, chips, and beef jerky. They also have a book of menus they've collected from the area. You're are welcome to bring in your own food or order delivery right to the shop. I see Jimmy John's guys in here all the time!
5	What I can say so far is that it's local, friendly folks, nice selection of merchandise, good beer, and great cigars. It's a blue collar neighborhood kind of place that makes you feel right at home (if you're into cigars).  There are also several televisions behind the bar showing a variety of sports.  It's my new local hang out.  Great place to relax.
3	Been a fan of this place through several names and owners. It's one of the few places in town to get a cigar, a pint of beer, and enjoy it inside.The staff is very friendly, and they have a pretty good selection in their humidor. They carry a small but solid lineup of beers, including some of the local breweries. You can sit at the bar, grab a comfy chair, or sit at a table and watch the TV.My only ding is for the atmosphere. Literally, the air. I like a cigar once in a while but am not a heavy smoker, and the smoke in there was on the edge of what I can stand. I had to fumigate my clothes when I got home. So definitely not for the weak of nostril.
5	Great cigar bar with a knowledgeable staff and good selection of beers on tap.  The place is small so if you're bothered by smoke you will have to take your order to go.
4	Siri took me here... "Take me to the closest Cigar Shop".  I discovered there was so much more to this awesome inquiry!  Walked into a Cigar "experience".  Pretty pretty nice... Very helpful staff and the atmosphere is perfect.  Beer or Wine and a Cigar?  I'm in.  Now if they could ad Scotch!I'm going back either way...
5	Paul runs a great shop. Great cigar collection and a relaxing environment to enjoy the smoke. Great selection of craft beers served with a smile. Fantastic group of regulars adds to the experience. HOC is my favorite cigar shop.
1	Worst experience in a cigar bar ever!!! This is my first ever 1 star rating on yelp. I always support local businesses and am never quick to complain about bad service...But wow.. This was bad... Came in.. Sat down.. No acknowledgment. Place only had a few people in it... thought.. Who knows maybe something was keeping waitress busy.  Patience is a virtue.. .. Waited some more. Lit up a pipe... Waited some more.  Made eye contact with the waitress... Waited some more..looked at beers on Wall... Waited some more.... Zilch... Squat. Waited some more... 20 min later decided to go to a real cigar bar a few more miles away where at least your treated decently. Bye house of cigars... Hello foxes cigar bar.
4	Now I'm not a cigar connoisseur, but I thought this place was legit.So you go there, and then there's a cigar specialist. You tell him what you like (which I had no idea), and he'll show you some cigars. You like the taste of old people tobacco - there's a cigar for that. You like the taste of bubblegum and vanilla - there's a cigar for that. You like the taste of man - there's a cigar for that. Any place that can completely personalize an experience like that will always be a-ok in my book.
3	Last time I was there, the dog sitting at the bar really threw me. Before that, the dog that bit my brother (which was my brother's fault per the owner?) made me think of not coming back. Just needed a cigar today, and the girl behind the counter was pleasant, but the "regulars"/bar rats seemed to be taking up most of her attention.
