3	Hotel is located just a few steps from most of the main hot spots/streets in Montreal. Steps away from St Catherine, St Denis, Old Montreal. Some of the downfalls are: - no hotel parking, there is a parking lot next door which cost $15USD a night - rooms are a bit outdated and has a minor mildew smell - early morning staff was not that friendly but the night crew was nice Overall because this place is not too expensive and its in a good location I somewhat recommend it.
4	This is probably the best value on the west side of town. Always less expensive than Le Goveneur and others. They recently remodeled all the rooms with brand new beds, curtains, linens, furniture and carpeting. Flat panel TV's desk &chairs, Refrigerator and coffee maker! Very close to the action of The Village. They do have 12 spaces of underground parking for $17.00 p/n, based on availability, and there is a lot next door which is fairly cheap to park in. Great staff in general, secure at night and people have to sign in at desk to visit rooms as front door is locked after midnight. Not a fancy hotel, but a great downtown location and has all the basic bathroom amenities. You will enjoy your stay and I will definitely go back and stay longer next time! And free WIFI, weak at times but overall good! Descent restaurant in lobby as well as a bank nearby to exchange foreign currency at ATM...
4	I don't go on vacation to spend all my time at the hotel. For likeminded folks who just want a decent, quiet, inexpensive place to rest your head at night in Montreal--with easy access to the WHOLE city--this hotel is the place. We stayed in a king room on the 10th floor, where everything looked moderately new: dark wood furniture; bed cover and carpet in neutral colors that don't make you dizzy; a fridge; a safe in the closet. The shower had nice pressure and the room came with an iPod dock (note: might be older, not necessarily for iPhones).My biggest complaint, and it's not such a big one, was the weakness of the wi-fi signal. It came and went as it liked, and oddly worked better the closer we stood to the door. We were traveling internationally and turned off our phone data while in Montreal, and so were relying on wi-fi signal to make plans, so this was a drawback.Of the reviews I read before booking, the only serious complaints I read about were with bad experiences with the hotel's parking and restaurant. We didn't have a car and always ate around town, so we didn't have either of those experiences.Bonus: this hotel is walking distance to the most hooked-up subway station in town, Berri-UQAM. It's also next door to the gay village and lots of brunch options; walking distance to Mont-Royal; walking distance to the old part of town. Staying there gave us easy access to just about everywhere by foot, bus, or train (a 3-day all-transit pass is $18), helping us never need to take a single cab. This place worked for us almost perfectly.
3	Went there a few years ago. It was ok. The staff was not very helpful but mostly because they couldn't help. The ad said free parking but when we got there, there was only 12 free parking spots total, the rest you had to pay for which really ticked us off. don't know if that is still the case but not a good way to start a holiday.
4	Hotel Lord Berri. Tired and cranky from the long flight from Vancouver, giant food plates arrive and change our mood.  My wife had the mussels and I had the lobster, both very tasty.  This restaurant has the feel of a neighborhood place, reminds me of my youth in New York City.  Business like and somewhat formal but also very  friendly.  Just 2 blocks from the airport bus drop off, we rolled our wheelies here and didn't need an oversized cab for our skiis.  Prompt service, nice room, good food service ..  We are coming back.
5	We came back and the restaurant and hotel were even better.  Tonight I ordered a steak bordelaise and they were out beef so I got a veal chop instead.  I lucked out because this was the best prepared veal I ever had. My wife had steamed mussels and pasta and we split an order of tiramisu for desert and she said this was the best she ever had.
1	This place is average in every way. Do not expect much from guest services. Here's the reason for the one star. Thursday night I was told by Antone the guy at the desk where was no more parking for the night and to park in this secondary lot that the hotel also owned. I asked Antone POINT BLANK "will I get towed?" He said no. Saturday morning rolls around I go to get my car and it was indeed towed. My car was towed to the outskirts of Montreal and cost 116 bucks to get out of impound not to mention a 20 dollar cab ride. I found out later that to park in that lot you need a hotel issued yellow piece of paper so they know not to tow you. I never got this paper from Antone.  You would think a hotel would be apologetic about such a horrible experience due to their employees incompetence but not the case at the ol Lord Berri Hotel. I had to HOUND the girls at the desk to speak to the manager or owner. Finally got to meet this dude. He's creepy and has a weak handshake. He offered me 35 dollars for my troubles and a boatload of excuses telling me "nobody forced you to park there" and "you need to read the signs."  He also made it seem like the 35 dollars was some huge favor to me even though total I was still out 101 dollars due to his staff's incompetence. Pretty frustrating end to a great time in a GREAT city. GO TO MONTREAL IT IS AWESOME JUST STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
2	Definitely the lobby with the free wifi and the staff were the best part about Hotel Lord Berri. It's definitely a great location, next to the UQUAM-Berri underground station and bus stations. The rooms were a decent size. But everything was very old...I can pretty much sleep anywhere and I'm not too picky, but when ceiling tiles are half off or kinda opened up, it's a little disturbing. The bathroom was also kinda old with things falling apart. Everything was still functional, but I think it could have used a little remodel and upgrade. Other than that it was fine. I don't think I would stay here again.
