5	Best mattress buying experience I have ever had. As soon as I walked in the salesman was very helpful, but not at all pushy. He explained that they have the best prices by renting an inexpensive store front (it doesn't look very nice from the street, and it isn't the nicest inside but it gets the job done). Also they don't accept credit/debit cards to keep prices low. I was easily able to find a great mattress at a price much lower than any other store had offered. Great experience, I plan on going back here for every mattress I buy in the future.
2	I would only suggest these mattresses for guest rooms, not for everyday use. Two years ago we bought their best queen size mattress & box springs for $365. Macy's had a Sealy Posturepedic on sale today for way less. The mattress become way too soft in one year (and no we don't weigh 300lbs). The warranty is only good for about 2 years & is at the manufacturer's discretion, so if they believe the mattress is not defective, you're out of luck. Again, this mattress would be fine for a guest room & I would consider purchasing from this business again if I ever need a guestroom mattress or for a kid at college, but never again for a daily-use situation.
5	Just moved to Charlotte and needed a mattress for a guest room at a reasonable price delivered the same day.  The staff at the Mattress Warehouse not only help find the right mattress for our needs but squeezed us into their delivery schedule last minute for a same day delivery.  Very professional and outstanding service!!!!!!
5	We needed a new mattress and found Mattress Warehouse through yelp!The owner was really nice and friendly, gave us some good info on what we were looking at and gave us plenty of time to lay down and try out all of ones we were interested in. Prices were great and delivery was practically free and on time. Would definitely recommend this for friends and family.
5	Hands down, the only place to buy a new bed in Charlotte. The prices are unbeatable and unbelievably low with free same day delivery. If you are in search of a new bed, you MUST visit this place!
5	I bought a queen memory foam mattress/springs here and saved hundreds compared to what I would have spent at a retail store! Gary was so helpful and knowledgeable in their products. I've had my bed now for a month and have been sleeping like a baby. I recommend everyone to visit here before ever going retail. Thanks, Gary!!
