5	I was in town visiting and I decided to go get a pedicure before I hit a night on the town. The staffs were super nice and conversational. It was large, airy and clean. Spa chairs were extra comfy. I got white French tips where I could tell they use quality polish where it didn't chip till about 2 weeks later. Unlike some other nail salons where they use cheap polish and it chips the next day. Great service!
5	This nail salon has a ton of nail color selections with a variety of brands; some I've never heard of.  My manicurist is Linda, she's incredible!!   I've also gotten pedicures and always walked out completely satisfied.  I do have to say the last time I was here the person who did my toes took her time to make sure its evenly shaped, when I wasn't concerned about it.  :) Highly recommended!!
3	Im pretty picky n I really like my nails, Eric did a great job! I got a full set w glitter tips and he didn't have to drill much. Kinda pricey..  I would rate more but I dislike when the workers talk among themselves in a different language. However Eric's nails skills are wonderful. I also got a pedicure and it was less then 20 min long, so I felt a little rushed and the lady wasn't very friendly or nice. But my toes look good, not sure if ill return or try a new place..
1	This was by far one of the worst gel manicures that I have ever gotten.  I was visiting my folks in Glendale and needed a fix, I called ahead to see how long the wait was for a gel mani and I was told that they could take me right away.  I arrived and it took about 25 minutes to get me started.  The tech filed my nails too short and with really no shape, when I pointed out a few spots to be corrected they were barely touched and by this point I was already disappointed.  My right thumb is still crooked/slanted.  Once the mani part was complete they moved me to another station to do the gel application.  The tech didn't even sit down, she just slapped on the polish, put my hands in the light and then walked away.  This happened for all 4 coats.  When I was done there was polish all over my hands, I had to go back in to file some excess from the sides, there are portions of my nails that don't have coverage at all and my cuticles look like I bit them to get rid of them.  I was fuming when I left the place and went straight to a drug store to buy a file so I could fix them.  I'm back home now and will be having them redone very soon.
2	Started with a physically and verbally pissed guy for having to work OT, so they changed techs after I objected to his attitude, then the owner said he would take care of me. In the end he charged me full price and kept asking for a tip. Spa treatments are to be relaxing. Hindsight I should of just left.
