3	Market Cafe Vdara is the only food available at the Vdara hotel, now that the Silk Road restaurant has closed. They serve short order breakfast all day, and have sandwiches and other simple items available, as well as a small market for necessities.I had an omelet, that was fine, and I liked that I could pick and choose any ingredients I wanted from the list. I went with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon, and gruyere. It came with toast, some potatoes that were cold and greasy, and the laughable "fruit salad" consisted of 1 tablespoon of finely diced melon with rind. I did like that they gave me little jars of strawberry jam imported from Austria for my toast, that was an elegant touch.After you order they give you a number, and table service consists of bringing your food out to you. This isn't so useful, as they don't bring you cutlery or napkins. You have to go pick up your own dinky plastic forks and knives and little packets of salt and pepper from the supply in the corner. Also, they didn't bring the smoothie out, I had to go get it, and they forgot to give us our soup so we had to go get that as well.The strawberry banana smoothie was pretty tasty, if not a little sweet, and not very big considering the $8 price tag.
2	Overpriced burger and fries and slow service.  Can't expect much from the only food available at the hotel...
4	Good but expensive.  But I guess all hotel cafes/restaurants are expensive.  Can get crowded and with long lines.Opens at 6am, which was perfect for LV because we didn't get back from the late night club til 545 am, so before heading back up to our room, we waited 15 minutes for the cafe to open and had breakfast!  ONLY IN VEGAS! LOL
2	Since we had some time to kill before a show and we were staying at the Vdara, we decided to give their only eatery a try. I really had no expectations at all, other than it would probably be overpriced.We tried the ramen soup and the chicken tacos. The chicken tacos were sweet, not too bad, but after a while the flavor was not entirely welcome. They came accompanied by chips and salsa - chopping tomatoes very finely, does not a salsa make. It was utterly flavorless...and the chips were kinda stale.The ramen (topped with pork and a poached egg) was really gross in my opinion. There was no real flavor, but the flavors that were there were not good. I did not try any of the pork that came in the dish, but my husband did and promptly proclaimed that it was gross.The portions are pretty big for the approx. $14 dollars you pay per dish, but the food is not worth it. They also took a while to bring our food out, despite the fact that the place was pretty much empty.Oh, we also had dessert...as you can see...they were forgettable.Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. There are other cheap places that will do a better job at filling your tummy.
4	I thought this place was pretty good... but then I only ordered coffee which was $3.95 for a large... it was pretty good...but when there are a lot of people it can get really slow...
4	As a hotel guest, I think its very convenient and important to have a market just in the lobby, they have salads, bread, deserts, snacks, coffees, teas, wine and beer, and whatever we need when we travel. I need snacks all the time when I am in Vegas, too much drinking makes me hungry all the time, I can get salad as snack before a big lunch, or bread as breakfast before I go to bed in the morning, or some deserts whenever I want some. I just grab whatever I think I might need, put them in the full size fridge in my suite, it makes my trip much more easier! it opens very early at 6 am, and close early too. so hotel guests might want to stock up their fridge during the day, in case they close already when you come back.
1	For being in such a prime location and having great looks, this place isn't all that. The menu and selections sounded enticing, but boy was I disappointed. I ordered the Asian pear salad with beets in it. My friend ordered a tuna melt. Orginally, she wanted a southwestern chicken panini, but they didn't have that. Then she wanted another type of panini (which I can't recall what) and they didn't have that either. She then resorted t to getting the pre-made tuna melt sandwich.The tuna melt sandwich came out 20 minutes before salad. Kind of odd....I don't understand why it took them 20 minutes to put together a salad and my other friend's chicken wrap. Anyway, the salad look delicious. The green spinach, the roasted pecans,  the beets....yes it looked good, but that was the only thing good about that salad. It was so bland. They barely put any salad dressing in it. I had to go back to the counter and ask them for some more salad dressing. They said they would bring it to the table--it showed up 10 minutes later. There seemed to be a good number of staff there, but everything seemed to take so long.
2	Very expensive, but convenient... because this is the only place to get anything in Vdara.
2	Ordered a bagel (toasted) and a croissant for hubby and I to eat while we waited for the shuttle to pick us up.It was busy (as it should be around 8am in a "coffee shop"). Nevertheless...they forgot about my order and I had to prompt them for my bagel. My husband came back in to find me because the shuttle was there. By the time they had my bagel ready, the shuttle had left, and we needed to wait another 1/2 hour. Not sure what the heck they're up to, but it shouldn't take 12 minutes to prepare a bagel. Prepare the food in the order in which it was taken.
4	The Market Cafe Vdara sells breakfast and lunch meals, espresso and coffee drinks, and convenience store goods: snacks, beverages, wine, beer, booze, toiletries, and more.I had several iced lattes here during the week. All were strong and delicious! I had the Santa Fe Salad for lunch one day - it was rather meh. I had a Bran Muffin one morning - it was very tasty! Also picked up bottled water, diet soda, chips, and some other snacks, plus some band aids and deodorant.Everything here is very expensive.
4	This is the only eatery/mini-market in Vdara; otherwise you'll have to make the quick walk across the way to Aria to get a variety of eateries/restaurants. Since me and my boyfriend were staying at Vdara and didn't want to shell out an arm and a leg for room service, we ate from here twice.Fri 8pm: After checking in and getting settled, I sent the boyfriend downstairs to pick something up for dinner.  He came back with a large shopping bag that read "Market Cafe Vdara" along the front. He brought out the **SOUTHWEST CHICKEN PANINI** which is spicy, juicy deliciousness!  The chicken was a good piece of meat and the combo of tastes, textures, and a kick of heat went really well together. It didn't include any sides but the panini was large enough for me and my boyfriend to share especially since we were looking for something quick, easy, and not too heavy to eat before our big night out on the Strip.Sun 7pm: After a long day at the Aria sports bar me and the boyfriend went back to Vdara to nap. We passed the Cafe and decided to order some food since we were hungry.  I ordered the **PATTY MELT** and my boyfriend ordered the **GRILLED MARINATED SHRIMP WRAP**. We hurried upstairs to devour our grub.  The PATTY MELT was meaty, yummy, and semi-greasy = YUM. It included a side of fries which were also cripsy, thick, and seasoned well.  As for the SHRIMP WRAP, we could've done without it. The shrimp were slivers and the bulk of the wrap was bitter lettuce.  Luckily the PATTY MELT was also a good size for me and my boyfriend to share.  Peak hours seem to be early morning around breakfast with all the tables and chairs taken up and a gang of people waiting in line to order food items and/or the many beverage choices (coffees, iced coffees, blended frozen beverages, etc).  In addition to the Cafe there is an adjoining area to buy 'high end' groceries (since Vdara rooms come equipped with a mini kitchen): imported cheeses, meats, teas, alcohol, ice cream, tv dinners, etc.  It can be a bit pricey but the convenience and surprisingly good food items we've had make it worth it.
4	We stayed at the Vdara and this place was great and convenient. We had the eggs benedict with asparagus and hash browns ($14). It was really good! You can order it and take it back to your room to save the $5 delivery fee. We heard the smoked salmon on bagel was good ($6) and we also had the quiche which was only ok, although we heard lots of people raving about it. You can buy some groceries here and take it to your room since all the rooms have kitchenettes. It's a great idea and pretty tasty. There is enough choice that anyone should be able to find something.
3	Decent breakfast. Surprisingly good meal. We had French toast and Huevos rancheros, both hot and made to order. Huevos rancheros could have had a bit more sauce on it. Expensive drinks. Very little seating for the only place to eat breakfast at hotel.
4	Visited the market several times during my 5 day stay. The food was always delicious. Had the salmon bagel multiple times. The burgers are pricey at $12, but they are huge and that includes fries. They have tasty baked goods as well as another favorite, fresh fruit. I bought fresh raspberries every day. They market was always well stocked.Negatives are the service was slow always and a few times they didn't provide condiments as requested. For the convenience, I would definitely recommend.
3	The Market Cafe is conveniently located next to the lobby in the Vdara hotel.  Convenience is what this little store has going for it, and the prices definitely reflect that.  We didn't try the cafe portion, so I have no comments on that.  We grabbed a bottle of soda and some chips to hold us over while we watched some football before our dinner reservation (sad day for Detroit Lions fans :(  ).  Prices are high, but that's to be expected at a little market in a hotel.  They had a nice selection of items ranging from wine and beer to what appeared to be homemade bread and muffins.  They also had some packaged Boar's Head deli meat and cheese, which would be a nice snack.  Overall, I wouldn't stop here unless I really needed something.
2	This place is only alive cause of it's location. Vdara has this and 2 fancy bars for their guests to dine at so you have to come here for a bottle of water or coffee at some point of your stay.  I tried their yogurt parfait cup and it was meh.  The yogurt had no taste!Either way their coffee is illy so it's pretty tasty.  Beware, the line can get super long.
4	Where else am i gonna go in this hotel that has no casinos, restaurants, or other cafes?  That's why Market Cafe is stocked with pretty much everything you'd need!  Including:- Breakfast, Lunch, and Late Night food (no dinner, come on now...)- Desserts- Bandaids and other essentials like toothpaste- Crazy selection of beers, wines, and hard liquor at jacked up pricesThey have a wide selection of food choices and it's pretty good.  Had the turkey cranberry sandwich with coffee and it was delicious.  Can't complain.. it's a monopoly cafe!
3	It's halfway between a 7-11 meets ABC store meets wolf gang puck. why because it has a drink section where you can pick your drinks [juice, etc]. it has a wide selection of food choices from sandwiches to egg benedict. this place is legit! the room service food at VDARA is from market cafe so why not walk down stairs and not have to pay tip. the food packaging is the expensive good quality type. thick napkin. a macy's type of to go bag that is way too big for the food that is placed in it [bad because it kills too much tree and good because it looks fancy.]i ordered the egg benedict to share with the bf. i thought overall it wasn't the best i've had but wasn't the worst. so it was about a 7 out of 10.  they make it fresh as you order it. the price was pretty reasonable. they're open early. there's indoor seating for you to sit as you dine.
3	Convenient for a quick bite before hitting the strip. Ordered chicken burger with fries (huge burger), patty melt with fries (huge!) and some tacos (meh). Regular priced for Vegas and it was delicious. Can't complain.
3	Convenient, but slooooooooow. In a time crunch, my girls and I sat down here for a quick bite before heading out on the strip. There were 8 of us yes, but the food took a craycray amount of time to make! We probably waited close to 25 mins, and the salads took the longest which was perplexing. My shrimp wrap was pretty good; although it was mostly salad which may not fly as well with some other people. Apparently the fries here are amazeballs - think curly fries flavor in straight fries form. They also come with the cute tiny little glass bottles of Heinz! Too bad I couldn't have any *shakes fist at my fried food ban!* :( The portions are decently large as well.We also purchased some booze from here for some quick pre-gaming. The vino ran $40 for a randoz bottle, Veuve Cliquot was the cheapest bottle of bubbly for around $70. They also sell cute little pastries and cupcakes, which we picked up for one of the gals' birthdays :) So all in all, very convenient but pretty overpriced. There are 93573478 other options in Vegas, so would def not make this a normal stop.
5	This place is awesome.. They use illy coffee and the team of baristas know how to make a latte. I have coffee all over and i think that the Market Cafe Vdara has some of the best around. also try the cranberry turkey sandwich its a great pairing.
3	Decent stuff, could be much better with location being off-strip
4	I'm torn between a 3-star because of the wait service or a 4-star for food. I'll give it a 4-star since the second we went here the service was better but I'll explain why. My husband and I were staying here with some friends. Little did I know that this hotel is pushed back off the strip and the furthest hotel in the City Center. Also I didn't realize that there was no casino! We received a $100 food/beverage credit with booking the room. Granted the food credit is usable within most of City Center (not Crystals or Cosmopolitan since they're owned by another hotel and not part of the MGM). Either way we thought it might be good to try another hotel within City Center since we stayed at Aria last time. However the ONLY restaurant in Vdara is this Market Cafe. So you can imagine it gets busy because of the convenience. However both times we've come here there was lots of people sitting at the tables waiting for their food to arrive. We never saw a steady stream of food coming out. The food service was super super slow. But I just read another reviewer said that room service for Vdara guests all comes from Market Cafe also! Maybe that's why theyr'e super slow because they're servicing the people eating in the cafe and the entire hotel for room service. We ordered two items -patty melt sandwich and the breakfast burrito and we probably waited 20 min? Another person waiting complained to the service people that they had waited probably 40 min! Holy moly! The second time we came here we ordered the pre-made sandiwches and I think they just heat them up, so it's sooo much faster! And in my opinion those pre-made sandwiches were way better and yummier! My favorite was the chicken sandwich with a aioli sauce maybe chipotle? Whatever it is, it was delicious with roasted bell peppers too and the chicken wasn't dry! The other favorite was the Italian with salami and other yumminess! We also had the tuna melt and that was okay in my opinion, not a lot of tuna meat in my opinion. The other items here at the market are like what other reviewers stated that you can buy wine, frozen foods, juice, fruit, etc... Or you can place order at hte counter for foods or smoothies and coffees. Oh yeah and we got the smoothies, I got the mango one and it was yummy but on the sweeter side. My husband got the berry smoothie and it was good as well but more tangy with lots of seeds. So overall, I only came here for convenience since we were staying here. Otherwise I wouldn't come here.
1	Long lines. Slow lines. Long, slow lines!! Grumpy unhelpful staff. One staff member serving while another rearranges the fridges. And yet another rearranges the newspapers. All while we all stand in a long, slow line. The manager wandering around looking stressed at the slow line - if you're that bothered, get your staff to serve customers or go on the till yourself! And I don't like the coffee here. And it closes too early (10pm?). One star for stocking Fiji water though...:)
1	This is where you wished you checked Yelp before you ate there. Not only was the food just mass produced like airport food, but was tasteless. We saw numerous people who left more than 75% of there meal on the plate. The place has a very bright and inviting feel to it, but the food just didn't make you want to stay. Too pricey for the less than mediocre food. This is why you have Yelp as an easy to access app.
3	Pricey, great service, decent food. We got atoasted roast beef panini which was actually pretty enjoyable. The tomato veggie soup was not bad either. I also ordered the 6 dollar cup of grapefruit juice. It was good, but the price is not so good (as expected of Vegas). The people who were working there were extremeley friendly and helpful. That's definitely a plus.
3	Food was okthe oatmeal was actually pretty good, the bagel sandwich was alright, and their omelette was decentwould've given this place 4 stars because of food quality and convenience, but gave it a 3 instead because of slow service, and it's overpriced
2	Overpriced? yes.Quick? no.Worth it? only if you are about to pass out.You will have to wait at least 15 minutes for your coffee in the morning.  It will be quicker to walk to the nearest Starbucks.  There are 4 people taking orders, a line out the door, and only 1 person making drinks.  Bagels tastes like bla (yes, that is an actual culinary term) and the fruit  & yogurt parfait is a joke (on you).  It is a cool concept for Vegas ('high-end' market and cafe in a hotel lobby); just very poorly executed.  I think the **** hit the fan for me on my second trip there (I was staying at the Vdara) when I was overcharged for an Amy's microwaveable frozen dinner.  Sticker says $5.50, register says $9.50.  Cashier did not bat an eyelash; looked shocked when I suggested I was overcharged.  Hmm. ... I wonder how many people have previously not noticed and simply written it off as another overpriced Vegas expenditure.  Regardless, this is unacceptable for a cafe/market at a luxury hotel. The only redeeming thing about this place is the bear claw. I bet there's crack in it! (note that the preceding sentence is intended for comic relief and that the writer is not actually implying or suggesting that Vdata Market uses crack in their baked goods. maybe.) Possible other redeeming factor: they had a bottle of Riesling for sale for $11.50 on the market side. I did not try it though so the jury is still out. If anyone tries it, let me know how it is.Save your time. Save your money. Go somewhere else.
3	The best way to sum up this place is... "they mean well, but they are a little disorganized."  Case in point, on my first visit, the staff literally ran around in circles for about 20 minutes before I got my coffee, while my friend (in front of me in line) got coffee in 3 minutes.  The food is overpriced, but that is what you expect for the convenience of a coffee shop in a hotel.  They also have overpriced drug-store items if you do not feel like going to the Walgreens across the street.  Don't forget to present your points card.  The bagels and donuts are reasonably priced, so if that's all you want, this place is for you.
3	Conveniently located downstairs in the lobby of VDARA... so this was the go to place when we didn't have time or we were lazy to travel to get food during our trips to Vegas. Came here the time before and the last time... somehow I always end up getting the tuna melt which is decent.. and also the market burger, which is pretty darn good and I love the fries.. they have that orange colored crunchy batter. It also comes with all the condiments you could want, in cute little bottles! The staff is okay... they aren't the friendliest.. except one man who was cleaning around the tables and other areas.. he was nice. We also tried this southwestern soup which was pretty good... and got the panini/soup combo which is an okay deal. Of course things are overpriced... it IS in the hotel after all...
5	No complaintsTwo massive bagels, one topped with salmon, one loaded with egg, cheese, and bacon, for under $15 at a nice hotel in Vegas. How could you go wrong? I mean, you could go wrong, but you'd have to add a jar of goofballs, a bungee cord, and two skinks, and that wouldn't be the Market Cafe's fault. Bottomless coffee as well.
3	Why I came here? Because I was staying at the Vdara. I was too lazy to go out and get breakfast somewhere else. I really didn't wanna pay the room service price. So if you've got the same reasons to go, then go. Food was pretty good, but definitely not the price I paid for it. Service is friendly and as I was waiting for my to-go order, I had people constantly asking me if I needed anything or if I've been helped. They have cheese and wine and other grocery store items as well if you'd like. I'm sure they're overpriced too, but hey...people gotta make money somehow right? They just like to make a lot.
3	We had $50 of Food & Beverage credit to kill at the Vdara and Market Cafe was one of the few choices.  My tuna melt was delicious and my bf's egg, cheese, and bacon bagel was not.  These items took 35 minutes to come out of the kitchen, which is pretty ridiculous.  We also ordered some tea, coffee, juice, and desserts to hit our $50 mark.  Apparently pre-packaged items (like salami, ice cream, or canned beverages) do not count.
4	The chicken piccata entree was amazing.  Chicken medallions were tender and served in a delicious caper and garlic butter.  Mashed potatoes were some of the best I've had in a while--flavorful and super creamy.  Vegetable of the day was broccolini and while the flavor was good, the stalks were a bit too undercooked--and I do like veggies al dente.  It took about 20 minutes for the food to be served, which was ridiculously long, but the overall quality of the meal was stellar.
4	If you're a fan of coconut macaroons, definitely give theirs a try. Yum!! The "market" offers a decent selection of snack food and drinks to grab and go or to keep in your room, but definitely pricey when compared to what you pay for the same items in a grocery store, but of course, its Vegas. Two secrets: First one, go to the fitness center for your juice and smoothie selections. One bottled brand in particular was a dollar cheaper in the fitness center. Second, if you desire picking up food for your room and have the time, go 2 miles south to the Whole Foods Market. Sure you spend 15-20 on a cab, but you can grab whatever you'd like for your food, fresh produce included, for half the price of what the market offers.Comfortable seating area as well, which is nice to have so close to your hotel room. Overall, great selection of food, beverages, desserts, and souvenirs.
4	Granted we were still in a doozy from our ridiculous Vegas weekend; the Market Cafe Vdara is a great place to grab a quick and tasty bite to eat between clubs or simply while you're itching to get the eff out of Vegas. It was day three of our bachelorette weekend and the idea of eating, and not drinking, our meals was beyond us - thankfully we stumbled into the Cafe on our way out and nommed on some bagels and smoothies until we felt like real people again.  If you're staying at the Vdara, I def recommend it!
3	In terms of convenience this cafe is great.  It's got everything you need including loaves of bread and sandwich meat, but will definitely leave you high and dry on what they charge.  It's Vegas though so what can you expect?  Grab one of their soft serve ice cream cones too, not bad!
2	I felt that this place was overpriced for what they served. We ordered a egg, cheese and sausage bagel and shared a blue berry scone. The bagel was huge and pre-made (it was wrapped in foil, straight out of a heat thingy). That made me sad, because it tasted pre-made and had no taste. The scone had no blue berries in it and also tasted bland. Needless to say we never went back there for breakfast or any type of meal.
3	This place left much to be desired.  We decided to order breakfast here before heading to the pool and it took FOREVER.  I ordered food and probably waited 30-45 minutes for my food and by the time it got to us...it was cold and it was WRONG.  I ordered smoked salmon and got ham...and I wasn't going to have them change it because I didn't have another 45 minutes to wait.  Employees generally look pretty miserable here.However, I suggest buying your waters and stuff here versus at the pool...they charge you a premium outside. Just sayin.
5	Okay so you'd think that a nice hotel (okay in my opinion it is nice) like this would have overpriced food? well okay so maybe they do, BUT let me tell you a little bit about their SMOKED SALMON BAGEL. HOLY CRAPPERS IT IS DELICIOUS. and the smoked salmon is stacked HIGH on this bagel, no joke. and only $7 (with tax)!seriously, the best friggin deal not only in vdara/vegas but on EARTH. I've had many smoked salmon bagels and they never give you as much salmon as this one did.Seriously if you are looking for some serious cheap delicious grub you gotta get at this!!
5	Many thanks to Moises (and Beeuyani) for their patience with my personalized order. I was so thankful to customize due to dietary restrictions - and not made to feel bad - that I had it every day! Very reasonably priced all things considered. 15 min wait was worth it.
4	We stayed in the Vdara and had Market Cafe almost every morning.  The kids liked the pancakes and we liked the simple baked goods.  Since Vdara is a little set back from the Strip, this is a great option to start our day.  However, the line can be long and the pancake takes some time to make.
1	$7+ for a breakfast bagel sandwich.  When the sandwich is ready, whoa, are you in for a treat.  They must have pumped some serious HGH into the sausage and the eggs.  They are massive, but not in a good way, scary to eat, there should be an asterisk on the menu for this item.  Less is more in this case.
2	Does it really take that long to make a smoked salmon bagel??  Twenty minutes, yet the cream cheese and capers weren't even assembled on the bagel!  And very overpriced water...
5	We stayed at the Vdara last weekend for a Bachelorette Party and having the Market Cafe downstairs was so convenient, especially for breakfast! Staff was nice and courteous, selection of food was plentiful and the food was tasty. A little pricey, but worth it for fresh food fast.
1	Stayed at the Vdara Hotel this weekend. The hotel itself is great, but this market place just next to the lobby I have to say is, horrible. Any bodega in New York can out do this place, any. Yea, it's a bit cheaper than the average price of food in and around the strip but not worth it at all. I ordered a sausage egg and cheese on a bagel yet something as simple as that they couldn't get right. The eggs were definitely the same eggs I'd get at mcdonalds, the bagel was chewy and old. The time it took to come out was way too long.It's not just the sandwiches that have this crappy egg product, no sir. My friend ordered the heuvos rancheros and it had these rubbery eggs in them as well. Furthermore, I think the management at this place is just amateur. They give people table numbers, even though it's to-go, and yet they don't even check the numbers, they just yell out the numbers and expect you to hear it. Why even give people those plastic wedges with a number on it if you're not going to use it?
3	Market Cafe Vdara is super convenient if you are staying at the Vdara hotel. It opens early and closes late. There is a side of it where you can purchase groceries with fresh fruit and juice and meats. But the other side is like a cafe/restaurant.  I like their lunch menu, especially the burger and fries/onion rings. The strawberry smoothie was good out of all the other smoothies.The breakfast baked goodies go quickly so make sure if you want some to grab it early. Unfortunately the chocolate croissants had very little chocolate in them.  Their yogurt parfaits also were terrible. They were all fruit with no yogurt (even though it appeared to have a lot--I think they lined the outside with yogurt so it looked filled).Other than these issues the food is good. Service can be fast or slow depending on the crowds.  The prices are expensive, but what you are mostly paying for is the Vegas location and convenience.
1	Horrible experience.  The cashiers looked like they were miserable, which made me miserable.  When we told them that we ordered an iced coffee rather than a hot one, she just dumped the drink in the trash and proceeded to make a new one without saying a word.  HORRIBLE!
2	I'm only giving it 2 stars bc the food is good ad that's about all that's good about this place.Pros: good, healthy foodCons: service is ok, not terrible and it takes forever to get your foodWell, the food is pretty good...if you don't mind waiting 30 minutes or longer for it. My bf and I are staying at the hotel and thought we would go down and get some breakfast to go. There was only one person in line ahead of us and they got a coffee and a pastry. I ordered the "Skinny Scramble" which is literally scrambled eggs and veggies thrown in together. Nothing complicated. He got a bagel with bacon egg and cheese which he got right away. After 20 minutes of waiting we said something and I watched the lady pick up the phone and basically reorder my food. By this time his bagel was cold so we asked for a new one. The one they gave us seemed a bit greasy, but we didn't think much of it. I finally got my food and the lady was nice enough to give me a fruit cup for free (which here is $6). While we were waiting, there were also other people waiting forever for their food and they too had to go say something and then and only then did they get their food.So...the bagel was so greasy it was literally falling apart. My scramble was amazing, but it definitely looked a little rushed. This place is consistent in that, the food is really good, but it takes forever to get it. We actually went here last night and it took forever, again, to get our food and he got a grilled cheese and I got gnocchi (potatoes) with meat sauce. Again, nothing complicated, but apparently it is for these people.I will not be eating here again. I'm a pretty laid back person and I don't usually get this upset, but this place is just disappointing.
2	If you are in a rush, do not order any hot food (anything with eggs/bacon/etc).  On different orders on different days, we had fairly long delays (30+ minutes).  They have to get that from the back kitchen, which is apparently slow and/or far.  Otherwise, the other stuff is a fine way to use your resort/food/etc credit.
2	Ordered the Go healthy sandwich with no bread due to my allergies. They wouldn't substitute the bread for anything, not even fruit. The turkey was gross - the processed type that comes from the grocery. Spinach was raw and egg whites were microwaved. I couldn't eat it. Food was overpriced for what you get, but it's convenient if you're staying at the Vdara.
4	-$4 vdara natural spring water-$8 smoked salmon bagel sandwich with $10+ worth of lox  Convenient and hearty breakfast. Smoked salmon piled so high I couldn't even finish my bagel... and that NEVER happens. The only thing I was missing was a pickle. But in fairness, there were plenty of capers provided. The people working the counter were all very nice and cheery at 7 AM, I didn't get the feeling that they hated their jobs like another reviewer said. The dining area attendant, however, was pushy and asked if she could take away my bagel when I had half left (and was still eating it). Maybe she's the one that hates her job. Or maybe she just hates Vegas. Their macaroons were good, I got the pistachio and salted caramels ones for $1.50 a piece. Worth it!  Sure there are plenty of great/better food options in Vegas, but for staying at Vdara and needing something convenient I had a good experience.
5	The Market Cafe Vdara bacon blue burger was an extra large, fresh gourmet burger cooked to order with lots of care and plenty of flavor, with a big serving of seasoned fries.  Came with a mini real bottle of ketchup.  The pickle looked sad, but I dont care much for pickles anyway.
3	The $14 Organic 3-Egg Omelet (Gruyere, ham, and mushrooms) with Potatoes was delicious, perfect portion to share...two days in a row.  The ordering process was a little confusing and could use some improvement.  The wheat toast was tasty however it was dry so I had to queue up - again - in the busy line to get butter.  The cafe mocha was good, too.
3	This place is pretty pricey.-ENJOYED --- my vanilla latte (almost like $6, wtf)--- chocolate chip cookie-DISLIKED--- tomato soup, it was super thick, and salty. So convenient though going downstairs from our room. They have stuff that you can use in the kitchenette in the room, so that's awesome.
2	I'm in absolute love with Vdara but this place fails on the very terms it sets out for itself. 1. Overpriced: bad bagel with smoked salmon, all but undrinkable coffee and a weirdly heavy pistachio macaroon: 15 dollars.  2. Very, very slow and disorganized. 3. Worst coffee of my life--a tie with Burger Heaven which serves bilge water but I drink it anyway because I like the people who work there and it's on my street in NYC. Market Cafe is intended to provide an alternative to the 20 dollar omelets and other breakfast foods in or out of the room. Admirable, but frankly, Doubletree and Hyatt Regency charge 15 for omelets (not in the room which is more), so their breakfast prices are not that out of line with the regular overpriced breakfast fare in hotels. The omelets looked okay but not great. I heard the scones look better than they taste. The sandwiches are clearly your best bet here and you likely can take them out to the pool. The macaroons are not traditional: they're extremely heavy and more like straight marzipan. I had one (pistachio) and was unimpressed. Beyond that, it's incredibly slow. I saw a blonde runner about my age, who didn't know there was a marathon this weekend either and has been to Vegas a "bazillion times." She says Market Cafe service always pretty much sucks and that the bagels aren't bagels (true). I loved her very large and gorgeous wedding band/engagement room. I'll say more about the Vdara, which like a handful of other hotels in Vegas, strives to make you forget you are in fact in Vegas. Even the casino and slots at neighboring Aria are civilized and the very reverse of the traditional casino on the other side of the Strip. My salmon on "bagel" with capers, onions, cream cheese and chive was 8.75, which is not that much. But the coffee is 4 dollars and I don't know how you manage to make coffee WORSE than Burger Heaven in NYC, but the Market Cafe has managed to do so. Service overall at the Vdara is impeccable and I never , well, yes at some point, want to leave this 570 foot room, which I did not get to enjoy until 12:38 AM when I finally checked in after the closure of the Strip for that stupid idiotic marathon they could just as well put in the middle of nowhere or suburbs but choose rather to put in the center of town, thereby shutting Vegas down for the day. The "market" part--Kashi frozen food, Wolfgang Puck etc is a good concept. But I'm sure one could find a Whole Foods or something and stock up in the kitchen at half the price.
1	Breakfast did not come out of the kitchen for 25 min. What the F! They do not have the capacity or bandwidth to handle multiple orders. Here's a tip: Walk to the Aria and eat at the buffet.
3	Its nice to see healthy options and some of my own favorites.  However, it can be pricey and the service is a mixed bag. The morning shift was rude and confusing. Another customer's order was messed up twice. When I got my food the person who gave it to me was rude. The afternoon/evening shift is much better. Particularly a woman named Jelena was helpful, answered my questions and is overall pleasant.
4	I love staying at the Vdara, and I always grab breakfast here in the mornings. It's so nice to have a light breakfast after all of the heavy meals that go along with spending a long weekend in Vegas. It's a relaxed atmostphere with a contemporary feel. I have never had difficulty finding a table, and I never feel rushed, though staff is ever present to clear tables.I usually grab an Illy coffee or latte, and almost always get the greek yogurt parfait with delicious granola. There are fresh juice choices, freshly baked pastries and goodies, as well as hot breakfast options such as oatmeal, scrambles, omelettes, breakfast sandwiches, etc. There are also sandwiches and salads for lunch, and options to take out wine, beer, snacks, soft drinks, etc.I highly recommend this cafe', especially if you are staying at the Vdara. It has the perfect options to fuel your morning without having to eat another heavy meal.
3	Alright, who wants some over priced breakfast? Well, then this is the perfect place for you!Here you can enjoy a stack of pancakes for $16 ;)SERVICE: 30 minute wait & It's the kind of service you get when you are at your local super market oh wait a minute, actually the VONS nearby my house has better service...:PTHE BEST PART: You can ask for little ketchup and mayonnaise bottles ;)FOOD: Descent...Will not be back, back, back bc I want my money's worth ;)
3	I love the variety of stuff that they have at the market cafe, an assortment of food you can make in your room, or snacks, or to go items, and even in-dining food!  Basically your dream one stop shop essentially. I was drooling over some of the pictures that I saw online of this place but then it quickly dried up when I saw the damage it'd do to my already swiped too many times debit card.  I don't really understand the pricing of the food that they have here...i was looking at some of the salads, they're just medium sized and honestly kind of looks like someone ate some of it and it was $13..what?! haha how could it be that expensive? They're leaves!  Anyways the food that I did get though was good.  I got the Vdara cheeseburger that comes with shoestring fries.  Asked for bleu cheese and they smothered it yum!!! (sorry to those that hate it)  the fries were really good too except they put a little too much salt..my lips were chapped by the end.  Overall, if you're staying in Vdara, I would say, it's so easy to get something here, might as well.  But honestly I wouldn't go out of my way to come here just because it's so expensive.  If they dropped the price a bit, I bet it'd have a line out the door every time...or maybe that's why!!  I figured it out obviously.
3	Ordered a veggie burger and really couldn't tell what it was made of.  My daughter had a real burger and liked it.  Waiter was nice. Ate here because the pool was crazy windy and our food would have for sure blown away outside.  I recommend walking over to Blind Pig for breakfast and bringing back lunch from there for a healthier option.
2	The girl doing the seating was rude and aggresive. I ordered eggs over medium and they came super runny. Italian sausage was loaded with pepper. Very expensive
2	Eh....  Grabbed a quick bagel breakfast sandwich here and the sandwich was below average.  The bagel was stale.  Not really much to say about this cafe but it was convenient since we were staying at Vdara.  I would probably just walk over to Starbucks around the corner and grab something there. They did have a small section of grocery items which was cool.
2	I know it's Vegas and everything's a bit pricier here but seriously?  I got breakfast for 2 people and it came out about $50.  Ouch!  *sigh* where's a Denny's when you really need one?  Not only was the food super expensive, it wasn't really all that great.  The hash brown that came with the breakfast was soooo salty that instead of putting salt on our eggs, we just put the hash brown on it.  The wait for the place was super long.  When I finally got my to go order, they didn't have the coffee and orange juice I ordered so I had to go back and ask them for it.  There weren't any utensils inside nor were there any condiments like salt, pepper and jam for the toasts.  Seriously, for $50, they should have everything packaged and placed neatly inside wrapped with real linen or something.  But honestly, not ask much.  Just that they would think to throw in salt, pepper and jam.  But then again, I guess since this place is conveniently the ONLY place to get food at Vdara other than Starbucks or room service, I guess they can charge whatever they damn well please and not have good service.  At this price point, I might as well have had room service.  At least then I'd get better service.  Meh, I'd pass next time.
3	We had a comp from myvegas. food took forever to come out. my sandwich was ok. ingredients tasty but the bread used for the sandwich was horrible.  tasteless and chewy, in a bad way. it would have been great on any other bread. fries were great crispy shoe string fries. I was shocked. his egg sandwich was open face and he said ok. third star is mostly for the fries and the eggs being cooked correctly. another table had other items and really liked them. the fries really where great. I would be scoring it lower if we had to pay for it. for those playing myvegas, unless you are staying at aria or vdara, this isnt worth you time or gold coins.
2	Wife and I had an overpriced breakfast at Market Cafe Vdara. Fresh Squeezed OJ didn't taste fresh, and both the eggs Benedict and the scrambled eggs were just blah. Cost $55 for the two of us, luckily we had a resort credit, that is the only way i would recommend the Cafe.
4	Came here after spending the morning at the pool and waiting for my room to be cleaned by housekeeping, it was a great way to get breakfast and pass the time. Since I just came from the pool I was wearing a tank top, shorts, and flip flops which made me feel uncomfortable at first but the wait staff assured me there was no attire to worry about. Breakfast was delicious! I ordered the Lobster Tempura Benedict which came with their potato hash and it was amazing! So many flavors and textures, I would definitely get it again. Their orange juice and kale juice are freshly squeezed so the taste is fresh and great. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the price. This place is a little expensive, for the boyfriend and I we spent almost $70 for breakfast.
4	The food is pretty delicious. It's pretty pricey too, but it's also cheaper than what you would pay for a very similar item using room service (27 for the All American breakfast thru room service vs 19 for the Vdara at the market - same items). I had the Tempura Lobster Bennies - wow, it tasted good, but holy smokes that was a RICH breakfast. I couldn't finish it because of how heavy the food was. My cholesterol probably shot up like 300 points as well. Service can be a little slow, so plan for that if you were planning on grabbing breakfast in a rush for check out or a flight.  And the reviews aren't joking, breakfast for 2 will cost you 50-60 bucks after tax. We had comps at the hotel so it wasn't bad, but if you don't you should get ready for that bill! I would go back if I had comps, but I am not necessarily sure if I would eat the ticket if I was paying out of pocket.
2	Came here for breakfast only because my cousin was visiting and she stayed at the Vdara. We wanted something quick and near as she had to get on the road. I read the yelp reviews before going so I was prepared to not have high expectations. Overly priced for bland food although the portion was a good size. The only thing good on each plate were the potatoes AND they made it fresh, I think/hoped. Haha I guess it can be confusing to order. As we walked up to the hostess stand she immediately came out from the back to help us. So my cousins friend came down and joined us but she went up to the register to order her food and then sat down with us. She didn't know there was dine-in and take-out. I thought the little market area where I saw they had cold cuts to make your own sandwiches (in your room / to go) was a neat idea. Especially if you're tired of spending so much money on dining out while visiting Vegas. I wouldn't come back unless I really, really, really have to. I know there is good breakfast somewhere on the strip just a hop and a skip away. We got pancakes, chicken and waffles and an omelette. My pancakes tasted like flour straight from the packet. I couldn't even cut it with my fork. I had to slice it back and forth my butter knife which tore the thing apart. I'm no chef but I can make better pancakes at home. For the chicken and waffles, try taking plain chicken breast and crust it with plain Corn Flakes cereal. The waffle had green onions mixed in the batter. Idk that meal just didn't work! Anyway, waste of money. Don't go.
1	Friendly waitress but surly server.  Food is overpriced for what it is.  I ordered eggs Benedict and it came without the hollandaise sauce.  Several minutes later the sever brought it and it was ice cold, as was the rest of my food.  I asked him if it was all supposed to be cold, playfully hinting that something was wrong.  He said "yes" and walked away.   The waitress came by and I explained it to her.  She said she would replace it.  My buddies waffles were also cold and he finished his food.  After 10 minutes of waiting my replacement order never came so we left.   This place should shut it's doors.  Not a fan.
3	Line is so slowwwww. If you like to wait in like forever then here's your place! food and drink is overpriced of course but you got no choice really unless you wanna walk far...
5	After getting in at 5:00am, I stumbled down to the cafe to grab something quick. I was sat down, Omar was my waiter and suggested the Lobster Eggs Benedict. I am so glad I took him up on his suggestion. My dish was the best breakfast I have ever eaten. Bomb.com!!!! So amazing!!!
3	So, I actually really like this place. I thought it was small and cute and it had good service. The only reason why i took some stars off was because.. well.. its kinda pricey for what it is. The value isn't there. The food was 3.5 stars, it was good but not great. At least taste wise. But, it had very good presentation which made it appear like it was going to be relish. There was a bunch of sweets and desserts that I didnt try that were so cute and looked yummy. they were displayed at the window.My waitress for our brunch was very nice but I think our bill for 3 of us was like $60. It was kinda high, I would have liked to pay $40 or $50 max (although still a lil high)Hmm, I also bought some microwave food and drinks since I stayed at a condo in the Vdara. It was ok price. They offer some healthy and organic options which I like. I spent like $25 in little foods and drinks to eat for lunch. I swear, the cashier guy said "that's a lot!!" at the amount of food my sister and I were buying. Which caught us totally off guard since we are like two really freakishly skinny by nature chicks. I was like.. wow.. I think the guy may have been gay and he was kinda diva, that or he was surprised that we actually ate for being skinny chicks. Either way, it was weirds.
5	Crazy to me that this place was as good as it was for no reason other then it is a simple hotel cafe.  It's nicely decorated and the food is absolutely OUTSTANDING!!! I don't know how someone could make eggs that delicious I wasn't even going to eat a full breakfast but I cleaned my plate.  Highly recommend this cafe the service was excellent everyone was super friendly and the experience was fabulous!  The coffee was top notch!! Great job VDara!
1	Our first experience here was ok, but breakfast this morning warrants the one star review.  We ordered eggs and oatmeal.  We carefully explained that the eggs must be fully cooked through.  After waiting 30 minutes, we received barely warm oatmeal and runny eggs.  We explained again about the eggs and they said that they would make them again.  20 minutes later, another plate of runny eggs!At that point they said that they would take the eggs off the bill.My oatmeal somehow wound up costing over $20 but we just wanted to get out of there so I did not ask any more questions.
2	Nice and easy if you are staying in the hotel itself. That being said after having breakfast here once I decided never to go back. Limited number of options (no cereal or cold healthy options) and expensive for what you get. Yes I know that everywhere in Vegas is expensive but you can get better value for money elsewhere.
5	Very casual place in the hotel lobby with good food and great, friendly service. Love the breakfast items available all day. My husband liked his turkey panini with yummy sweet potato fries. Lots of choices to go as well. Pricey, but what isn't along the strip.
2	There's a plethora of choices for overpriced food here in Vegas, but as this was right in our building and the pool service was unavailable during our stay, we ended up here for a "quick" snack to bring back to the pool area. My main gripe is that it took 35 minutes to get our $17 salad and $14 pancakes -- which were dry and tough. At this rate, I recommend just walking the extra 5 minutes to Jean Philippe (at either Aria or Bellagio) for a much more scrumptious meal at a cheaper price (cheap is relative in Vegas of course).
2	Over priced mediocre food with excruciatingly slow service. Nearly $20 for entrees and $6 for a cappuccino from what appears to be food from their buffet kitchen.   It came in those room service covers and was like warm.  Only reason we tried it was becuase of Mlife discounts.  Otherwise would've never tried it and now definitely will never go back again.
5	Yes, it's a bit pricey. But what did you expect? It's a small market place in the lobby of a 4+ star hotel.They have food for every meal of the day, either for takeout or dining at half a dozen tables. It's very clean and the staff is friendly. If you're feeling peckish while waiting for check-in time, just swing by and grab a bit.Salads are fresh and FANTASTIC. The burgers come with a side of kettle chips (yum) or fries. The portions are more than enough for one person, and I would definitely eat here again.If you have any room dining credit, you can charge it onto your room card.
3	This place is overpriced and service is slow. They served breakfast potatoes which seemed like frozen potatoes and when we asked the waiter he did say it is frozen. Pancakes were too thick and felt doughy. Their Mexican breakfast items are way tastier!
