5	John was our Real Estate agent while finding and purchasing our last home here in Phoenix AZ. He was wonderful, professional and knew his stuff! I felt very confident with him, he was always very informative, got back to us quickly and has a very good grasp on the Phoenix Metro area. He knew which neighborhoods were good/not so good off hand and led us in the right direction. He listened to our wishes in what we were looking for and helped us find the perfect gem of a home in this crazy market. I had a lot of requests and he was patient and listened to all of them. From the beginning to the end...it was "a walk in a the park" experience with John. We will FOR SURE BE USING HIM AGAIN! A++
5	My husband and I bought our first home back in 2009 in Phoenix. John was incredibly helpful throughout the whole process, especially for us first time buyers that had a million and one questions. He knew the areas that we were interested in extremely well, and was always willing to go to as many homes as we were interested in. We have recommend John to many friends and family, and everyone has had the same glowing remarks about him. Without a doubt he is the only realtor we will ever use!
5	John was our agent when we bought a home in 2010. The process was smooth and painless. He was very responsive and knowledgable.I would absolutely recommend John to any person looking to purchase a home.
5	John helped us buy a house in 2008. He was very patient with us and took us to many many houses before helping us find the home we are still very happy in today. We had a tight budget and a long list of wishes for the house and John was excellent in helping us figure out a great way to find the best home possible for our price range. He is the person to use in this market particularly because he has such an extensive knowledge of contracting and therefore could give us quick and accurate estimates of how much changes in houses would cost (such as new flooring, knocking down a wall to open up a room, new lighting, etc.). We made several key changes to our home at John's recommendation and it turned a house that we probably would have passed on for several small reasons into our dream home. I recommend him to everyone I know!
5	I truly could not have asked for a better home-buying experience than the one I had with John. Not only is he a wealth of knowledge when it comes to the East Valley, but he also has an incredible reputation within the industry. As a first-time home buyer in 2012, I was a bit overwhelmed by the process, but John helped me to understand everything from start to finish. He spent a lot of time with me getting to know my needs and interests which ultimately helped land what I am proud to call my first home. I strongly recommend John's expertise and services!
5	My husband and I purchased our first home in June of 2009, and John Gluch was (and still is!) an incredible realtor who patiently and thoroughly walked us through every step of the process. We naturally felt overwhelmed when beginning our hunt, but immediately felt at ease with John. He was very attentive to our specific needs and went above and beyond in every aspect to find us the perfect home.After visiting a half dozen houses or so, my husband and I fell in love with the home I am now sitting in, typing this review. It initially needed a little love, but John provided us with great resources and connections so we could begin renovating our home, which was surprisingly fun (yes, it was just like the movies, playing with color swatches, carpet samples, and bathroom tiles) and stress free. The location of the house, the neighborhood, the layout, the size, and the price were perfectly on point to what we were looking for. Everything about our home is better than we could have dreamed for a first home. We are abundantly thankful for John's hard work and continued presence and advice when it comes to homeownership.John Gluch is very knowledgeable about the housing market in the East Valley, and he is highly regarded and well respected within the community. I would recommend him to anybody in the East Valley who isn't just looking to purchase a house, but a home. He genuinely cares about the small, seemingly minute details that many other realtors would likely look over. Please, if you're looking to purchase a home in the near future, do not miss the opportunity to work with John. I assure you, you will be so thankful for such a caring, knowledgeable, and hard working realtor!
5	As annoying as trying to find that one perfect home can sometimes be, John was beyond patient and accommodating. He found us a great home near ASU and went above and beyond with his suggestions on the remodeling we were thinking of doing, steering us more towards what will help with resell value in the future. John was open and honest with us every step of the way and even gave us some aid in claiming our first home refund for our taxes. I cannot recommend him enough and pass his info on to everyone looking for a home of any type. Do yourself a serious favor and go straight to the best with this guy.
5	John Gluch is an extremely knowledgeable, patient, trust-worthy and effective real estate agent. I was a first-time home buyer, and walked into the (8-month long!) process of finding the perfect home with John as my very patient guide. He is quick to answer his phone, return emails, answer questions, and will meet you to look at listings as soon as he possibly can. John is a pleasure to work with and has the ability to explain simply and walk you through some of the most confusing and convoluted processes in the real estate industry. He has a strong knowledge of the local market, with helpful input on the various neighborhoods of the Valley. He takes his service beyond being just a real estate agent, and is helpful in every step of the process - even after the deal is closed! I would highly recommend John to anyone who is looking for a real estate agent in the greater Phoenix market.
5	We contacted John when we were evaluating the Phoenix area for relocation. John was very friendly via email and on the phone, and was instrumental in our neighborhood selection as well as planning our visit to the area. John has a lengthy history in the area and we found him to be knowledgeable (and more importantly, honest) about the different areas in Phoenix.John is also very easy to reach. If he doesn't answer your phone call immediately, an email response is probably minutes away!Five stars in my opinion mean no complaints and couldn't have possibly had a better experience, and John absolutely deserves all five.
5	We enlisted John to help us purchase our second home. Our first experience buying a home was a bit frustrating. We must have spent three full weekends looking at 20+ homes. Needless to say, it was an exhausting process. With John, our experience was much more streamlined and effective. John does a great job of helping you figure out what home best fits your needs before you ever set foot in a home. We looked at 4-5 homes total until we found the one we loved. Not only that, but John helped us negotiate the price under what we had expected to pay!I highly recommend John Gluch. His assistant Justin was also pretty helpful on the back end.
5	I have known John for more than a decade, and he has always been THE source for real estate knowledge & information. John has been selling real estate for as long as I can remember & has only gotten better & more efficient at his trade. He is an amazing real estate agent who really educates his clients and lets them make the informed decisions needed to buy a home. He works with many first time home buyers and completely walks them through the process and makes it seamless and not as stressful as the home buying process usually is. John is who I refer to all my family, friends, & acquaintances. I completely trust him and will always buy house from John & his real estate team!
5	My wife and I have a growing family and we had our eye on a larger home down the road from our old place. We knew it would be tough to convince the seller to sell their place to us because it was a very competitive market and we had to sell our current home before we could buy theirs. John had helped us get into our old place so we called him up and ran the situation by him. He had some great strategies to make our offer as appealing as possible to the home seller of the larger place. After some back and forth John got our offer accepted, now all we had to do was sell our old place! John had it listed and marketed very the next day. 24 hours later we had a full price offer and 30 days later we had sold our old place and were moving into our new, bigger home. It really could not have gone better and we are loving our new place. I've referred John to several friends and we have all had great experiences, he is a great realtor and we will use him to make our next move.
5	I recently purchased my first home and had John as my realtor. He and Justin were both amazing. Buying my first home was very intimidating but John and his team were with me every step of the way. He was always available to answer any questions and come game time, we were able to beat out other interested parties to purchase the home I wanted. John works fast, is very reliable, trustworthy, and will be there for you. He is not happy unless you are happy and will go above and beyond for you. I would recommend him to anyone.
5	Before going to John we were using a different realtor. We were first time home-buyers so we did not know what to expect. After a few showings with this other realtor we knew that it was not going to work. She was untimely, slow, and the homes she recommended just didn't cut it.  I asked all of my friends and after several realtors being thrown at me I went with my one friend's recommendation who I know to be a critical and thorough customer. If he is willing to recommend a someone then I know that he or she has to be good.  John Gluch was just that. It was uncanny how remarkable the service was that he provided. He was prompt and responded to every phone call, email, and text message within the hour. He made me feel like I was his top client. His team uses the latest technology to speed up the process.  Never did I feel like I was being pressured.  His team member Justin was also amazing, handling all the process documents and always willing to show us a home at a moments notice. His team has also developed amazing relationships with top notch vendors with great prices. I knew that I could trust all the recommendations that his team made.  It felt like John Gluch was a one stop shop.Also, I cant say enough about John's negotiating skills. We put an offer on two homes and both homes had multiple offers at the time. Both our offers were accepted. I mean are you kidding me? When does that happen?  This just goes to show that John has some amazing skills. I literally could go on and on. I cannot fathom a better realtor and team. Buying a homes is one of the most stressful events any one could experience.  So when I go to buy my second home, John Gluch will be the first person I call.  Thank you, John and Justin!
5	John and his team are not only incredibly knowledgeable, efficient and great at negotiating, they  also have a level of customer service that's through the roof. They responded to a multitude of email inquiries I sent at bizarre hours and gave me whatever information I needed or promised to obtain something from the seller's agent, title co, etc as soon as possible. Additionally, John even made a post-closing concession out of pocket when an unforeseeable repair became necessary. I highly recommend this stellar team to anyone buying or selling. You won't be disappointed.
5	John Gluch and his team helped us get a great home in the Arcadia area during a very competitive time in the market.  We had a great experience and these guys are experts.
5	John was my second realtor after looking for a house for 8 months with the previous realtor and finding nothing. John was unafraid of guiding which areas and what kind of place I was looking for. He helped me narrow my search areas. In the end, we found a house within two weeks of looking. He is well organized and can be trusted to guide you through all the steps of house buying. I was a first time home-buyer, and John's guidance made the process easy and stress-free. Also, John was an excellent representative when negotiating prices and details of the house. I highly recommend him as a realtor and as a trustworthy person.
5	John has always been trustworthy, diligent, and someone that people truly look up to in his business and even personal life. He offers services that no other realtor offers and goes above and beyond what is expected. I always have full confidence referring him to friends and family!
5	My wife and I recently Sold and Bought a home with John Gluch. This is one amazing team of people! John, Jaime, and Justin were by far the best. They went above and beyond in everything they did for us. It is such a stressful think to buy or sell a house but to do both at the same time takes an almost heroic effort. We were able to get moved out and moved in within 48hrs!! It was all because of the diligence and helpfulness of John's team. I wish I could give an extra star! I would HIGHLY recommend using the John Gluch team for ANY of your real estate needs. He will forever be our realtor in any future real estate endeavor's for my family and friends!
5	When my wife and I began thinking about buying our first home, a friend from church referred us to John.  We couldn't be more thankful for their suggestion.John helped us evaluate our options and was sensitive to our financial situation.  Throughout our search he alway responded quickly, using electronic documents to ensure we made competitive, timely offers. John's years of experience and friendly, honest demeanor, ensured we had a wonderful experience.  We were able to get a short sale home that has been a great fit for our family these last 2 years.We continue to keep in touch with John.  He recently provided some great insight as we were weighing new opportunities once again.Thank you John Gluch and your team for providing us with an amazing experience!
5	From day one in June when John personally picked me up in Phoenix to give me a personal tour of the area to today when we closed (from Illinois) and Justin agreed to meet with my daughter attending ASU to turn over the keys to our new condo....John Gluch and Team have been GREAT to work with!!!  They were quick to recognize our needs & wants.  They have been SUPER accommodating to block out whole days & even more to assure we have their undivided attention when we visit from Illinois.  Even so far as being available while on off days/weekend getaways.  I highly recommend Home Smart realty on Camelback Rd to offer stress-free home buying no matter what state or country you come from.  I will definitely use them in the future (think retirement) & refer to friends/family also.
5	The John Gluch team is amazing!! They helped my wife and I find a home in Arcadia in only 1 day! If you are trying to buy or sell a home in Arcadia Gluch is your guy!! Trustworthy and Reliable!!
5	When my husband and I started to research for a realtor in the valley we came across John Gluch online and after meeting him we knew he was the one we wanted to sell our current house and help us find our new home.  He thoroughly went over every detail that went into selling our current home and even had an interior designer come to help us prepare for selling.  Our house sold within 10 days of listing at the full asking price!  I honestly believe that if we would have gone with any other realtor that would have not been the case.  John was there every step of the way and guided us through the whole process.After selling our home, we started to look for our new home in the South Scottsdale/Arcadia area but deep down knew we wanted to be in Arcadia.  John must have taken us to look at 20-30 houses but my husband and I still had not found 'the one'.  Needless to say, we are a little picky!  John was very patient and encouraging while constantly searching for our PERFECT home.  Finally, he called us up one afternoon and said that we needed to come look at this house in Arcadia that was about to be on the market and said it was everything we were looking for.  One step in this house and we knew our search was over!  John's persistence paid off as he had found the house we wanted to start our family in.  John takes tremendous effort in finding you your perfect home and we are so happy that he helped us find ours!  He goes above and beyond in his job and knew exactly what we were looking for in a home.  We HIGHLY recommend John Gluch if you are trying to sell and/or buy your dream home!!!  The John Gluch team is AMAZING!
5	We contacted John when we sold our home near Chicago and needed to find a home in the Phoenix area quickly.  We were put in touch with John's colleague, Jeremy, who could NOT have been any more helpful.  We flew out here with 5 days to find our new dream home.  We were equipped with our online findings, and ended up putting a bid in on a house after just 4 hours of looking, but after Jeremy did a little digging, he told us that the asking price for the house was too high.  That deal fell through, but then he took us to see a new listing the next morning that we absolutely fell in love with.  It had only been on the market for 17 hours.  We put a bid in, got the house, and we're now living happily ever after in our dream home.  Jeremy helped with every aspect since we were working remotely.  He truly could not have been more helpful.
5	We were looking to relocate from San Diego and completely unfamiliar with Phoenix.  John listened to our needs while educating us about Phoenix neighborhoods. Since we were looking to add value to an undervalued property, our requirements were challenging. Eventually Jeremy joined forces, we found our home in a great family oriented neighborhood, then negotiated our way through a difficult title process with great patience and professionalism. We were also introduced to designers, contractors and builders who could help in the process.  Thank you John and Jeremy, we are excited to start our new project.
