5	Love Green Apple Hair Lounge!  It's the newest, most modern salon in North Phoenix.  Brittney is trained by Toni&Guy and is up-to-date on the newest styles and techniques.  Make an appointment, you won't be disappointed!  http://www.tiesandtutus.com/2012/01/green-apple-hair-lounge/
5	Brittney (owner / stylist) worked on my 'do today and I am happy to say I've found a new stylist!  I have a hard time finding a good stylist, as I have short hair that is hard to style.  She was very thorough, listened to my concerns, addressed my concerns and made excellent recommendations / suggestions for possible styles. Plus, she took her time working on my hair - I didn't feel like she was rushed or was just trying to get another cut done.  I will be referring people to this new salon.  It's tucked into the Walgreens plaza on Carefree Highway - it's actually a very convenient location!
5	I am so thankful for this salon!! The last time I got my hair done at another salon a few months ago and I hated it! i went to Brittney and let her know I was unhappy with the color of my highlight and that the last few people I went to wouldn't take the time to match the color I really wanted. She was so great and was able to make the hair just like the picture i brought in! I feel like she changed my life!! Thank you so much for giving me the hair color i have wanted for years!!! This will be my salon spot from now on!!!
1	I purchased a Groupon for the keratin treatment.  I have had this treatment done several times at another salon, and I asked the salon before I even bought the Groupon if their treatment was the same.  The salon answered that it would be the same.  I got the treatment done, followed the instructions of not washing my hair for five days, not doing sport, etc, which I am familiar with.  This treatment did not do anything to my hair at all!  It was a complete waste of time and money.  I am suspicious of what they really put on my hair.  There's really no reason for it not to work if they put on the correct product.   Very frustrated!
5	I had been getting my highlights done elsewhere and wasn't really happy with them.  I stopped by Green Apple Hair Lounge one night and booked an appointment after asking about the stylist's technique (I'm very picky about how they get done).  I was set up with Chelsea, and my highlights turned out exactly how I wanted.  She does them so well that they look good even when they grow out.  Because of this I only have to come in maybe once every four months, which is great since I'm pretty lazy about my hair.  The salon's service is great too.  TL,DR: Awesome place to get your hair done!
5	Best hair salon!!!
5	I was enticed by Groupon's $45 for a cut and all-over color.  I'm glad I went for it!  What a pleasant experience.  They greeted me immediately and offered me a beverage.  The color and cut is spot on and Brittany took her time styling my hair.  I walked in with dull, frazzled hair and split ends galore, and walked out with a great cut/color and shiny, smooth hair.  Also, if you come back within three months, you get the same $45 for cut/color deal.   Sweet!  I'm coming back.
5	I purchased a groupon for Green Apple in September.  I live in the area and had no idea the salon was even there and so close to me.  Its tucked in the corner by the Street of New York.  I was able to make an appointment within a few days of my call.  My stylist was very nice, the salon was modern and my color turned out fantastic.  I'm blonde and they didnt bleach me out.  My color was perfect for me bright/warm and I received so many compliments on it.  I was very pleased with the cut, color, staff and location.  I am their new forever client.  Bonus: They honored my groupon for a second visit within 3 months of my original visit.    I just went back a couple of weeks ago and received a second great cut and color.  The only thing I wish they had was some better hair care product options.  They primarily sell Bed Head and TIGI products.  Not my favorite, but I can buy product anywhere or online.
5	Brittany did my hair today and she was amazing. She took time to talk to me and made me feel comfortable working to right my damaged hair! Thank you! I can't wait to see her again in a few months! I definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a good salon up here in north Phoenix
5	Jackie cut and colored my hair PERFECTLY! I can't wait to go back!
