5	It might seem odd that you're getting a review of a brewery from a teetotaler whose entire experience with beer comes from a few sips of Emu Export Lager back in childhood and into my teenage years -- followed by a vow to stick to cola thank you very much. I never did "develop a taste" for beer.Soft drinks and cola are still a great love and for that reason I am grateful to Joseph James for producing what could possibly be the finest cola I have ever tasted - "Joe's Cola". I first picked it up at Whole Foods but recently it's become available at Glazier's too and I hope the popularity just keeps growing because I can't get enough. The cola uses cane sugar instead of the high fructose corn syrup that makes soft drinks just taste weird to someone like me who grew up with cane sugar. Joe's is pleasantly mellow and not overly carbonated, while retaining a rich cola flavour with a back-taste that's almost like a hint of honey.Thankyou Joseph James Brewing Company. You'll never sell me a drop of beer, but your cola is five stars all the way.
5	I've been to a few brewery tours now, and this one was probably the most fun.  JJBC is a small brewery here in Southern Nevada.  They distribute to about a dozen different states right now.  As a local, I am proud of what they have done for Las Vegas and craft beer.  The free tour happens every third Saturday of the month.  Ours was started by Matthew Lisowski, the owner of the brewery.  Matt gave us an introduction and a short history of the brewery, including where the name came from (you will have to go on the tour to hear the story!).  Then Alex, the head brewer, took over the tour while Matt constantly poured us samples of the various beers that Joseph James makes.  It was really neat to drink really "green" beer straight out of the fermenter.  One such beer was a Steam lager that was a recipe by a local homebrewer, and was probably my favorite beer of the tour.  We also had a couple of other special release beers like the Hubub, a super hoppy, unbalanced beer that was brewed just once.  The 6 pack was free!  Matt definitely goes out of his way to make everyone feel at home in his small brewery.  We got to see the mash tun, the boil kettle, the grain mill, and various huge fermenters fermenting away.  As a homebrewer, it is always fascinating to see how the pros do this stuff.  Joseph James is a very intimate brewery, with a small staff, but they have some good beer, like the Red Fox Imperial Stout.  If you want to do the tour, just give them a call ahead of time and reserve a spot for you and your friends/family.  As others have mentioned, they also make soda, although you do have to be 21 to go on the tour.
5	I knew nothing about beer other then i like drinking the stuff. So I had to take the tour that Joseph James was giving, free every third Saturday or for private groups. I learned a lot, about how beer is brewed, ingredients, how long it takes to make, how passionate the people at Joseph James are about their craft. I really like Joseph James Brewing Company, they create some really good tasting beer, cola, and root beer. The brewery is small but they're a local product that's available a lot of local or casino bars, local Whole Food Markets, Lee's Discount Liquor, some other grocery or liquor stores.
4	It's hard not to be a fan of JJBC. They're a small company. They're local. They make great craft beer. They let you drink as much of it as you want. Responsibly.Yes, the tour itself isn't much. Everything they have fits into a small space that's probably the size of a mechanic's garage. But JJBC more than makes up for that with the beer tastings. Their passion for great craft beer shows in the way they describe their product and in the way they share it with you.I particularly enjoyed their Tahoe Blue Nevada Pale Ale, their JJ Pro Am California style steem beer (purposefully misspelled to avoid legal issues), and of course their Hop Box Imperial IPA. They also let you try "green" beer. No, not the colored stuff they serve up on St Paddy's Day. I'm talking about beer that isn't quite ready for the public, but they are willing to let some flow directly from the tanks.If you aren't into beer, fret not. JJBC also makes some tasty root beer and cola. Their root beer is actually very good.Buy local. Drink local. That's their unofficial slogan. I wholeheartedly agree!
5	We took the last brewery tour offered in 2011. You reserve a spot, show up and pay $5, you get a souvenir glass and then be prepared to drink up. You'll sample everything they're currently brewing... Want more? Just ask. They work hard to keep your glass full. My favorite is Tahoe Blue, but a number of others were great. There were only a few I didn't much care for and those were with heavy chocolate, coconut and pumpkin. It was great fun to learn about local brews. And taste them, too, of course. Highly recommended!
5	Once a month Joseph James brewery stops everything for a brewery tour and tasting. For the low cost of 5$ a person you get a tasting glass, brewery education and a lot of beer.We went on St. Patricks Day, so they dyed their American Lager green for the occasion. The staff was dressed festively as well. We also got to sample their Fox Tail Gluten Free beer, Weize Guy, Tahoe Blue, Hop Box, Red Fox, Joe's Root Beer, and the special reserve Russian Imperial Stout (yum). I was impressed how good they were. They had a raffle at the end of the tour and gave away a butt load of beer, including whole kegs of beer! I was lucky enough to win a couple bottles of beer myself. Another plus to your imbibing, is that a % of their profits go towards Autism research.I would definitely go back, I'm looking forward to trying more of their seasonal and special reserve beers.
4	Disclaimer: After a 21st birthday gone terribly wrong I am no longer a beer-drinker.  I've been trying to change that and figured a brewery tour would be a good place to learn a little more about the process and would hopefully help me appreciate what goes into making a craft beer.  Perhaps an appreciation would lead me to enjoy drinking beer?I just so happened to come here on St. Patrick's Day to do the brewery tour.  There really isn't a more appropriate time for beer, now is there?  They welcomed us to their brewery with a green lager and all the employees were in the dressed in the spirit of things.  It was a fun way to start my Saturday afternoon.It really wasn't much to the tour, so don't get your hopes up if you want to learn a lot about the brewing process.  Most of the time we all stood around and listened to what went into the particular beer we were drinking and they talked a little about hops and other ingredients.  They even passed around samples of several of the ingredients so we could see and smell what they looked like before they were converted over to beer.  We did get to see some of the machines and they briefly gave us the run-down of the purpose of each.In all, we sampled about seven types of beer, including a gluten-free and another spiked with bourbon.  They were VERY generous with their pours and we even got to take home the sample glass they gave us!  While I am still acquiring my beer taste buds, I am happy to say that I really enjoyed the Weize Guy and (green) American Lager.  I'm sure it was because they are lighter beers, but I'll take what I can get.The tour is definitely a fun way to spend an hour or two on your Saturday afternoon and I recommend it if you are interested in learning more about the beer-making process or just a fan of beer in general.  Very friendly employees definitely made our time enjoyable.Held on the third Saturday of each month, have to RSVP to save a spot.  $5 per person.Tip: This place is impossible to find.  It is not directly on Gibson but behind the stores facing the street.  Pull in behind the Dunkin' Donuts and look for the row of buildings.  The brewery is then on the backside of those buildings you are looking at.  There is no advertising on the front of their building at all, so you have to go by street number alone or hopefully you can spot their truck that is parked in front.
4	Not a place you can just walk right into. One tour once a month usually on the 3rd Saturday. If you can go its very fun. Specialty beers are amazing from their rough draft series
4	Went to this very cool brewery on a beer tour with Las Vegas Beer Tours. Damn nice brewery and some damn tasty Beer!!!I am a hop head, so Hop Box IPA was a real treat, very well made, quite hoppy IPA with a very impressive nose and flavor profile. Yummy!!!But the special treat was the Hop Box IPA on Habenero Peppers. OMFG this was one awesome beer. The heat of the peppers danced among the hops like lovers in chick flick, it was outstanding. Man they need to can that stuff!!!Their beers can be found all over the Vegas area, but do yourself a favor and get to the brewery, it's worth it!!!
5	Oh my gosh!! Thank you yelp for helping me find this hidden treasure.My husband and I were under the impression that henderson didn't know anything about real breweries. Thankfully, we were wrong. They offer a tour on the third Saturday of every month. Call ahead and make a reservation. It's 5 dollars, you get a glass and pretty much unlimited beer! It's in a large warehouse behind a building that says pool supplies. Plenty of parking, friendly workers, and the owner and founder lead it. Try it out, I'll see you in September!Oh and ps, 10 cents of every gallon sold goes to autism research and support. So my drinking supports a good cause!!
4	For Henderson/Las Vegas it is 5 stars, but I've had better beer so I'm giving it 4 stars. Tour was more of a beer tasting- they gave a short "how to brew beer" but it was hard to hear in the warehouse. We tried 9 different beers and at the end we were able to go up and drink as much additional beer as we wanted. So for $5, definitely a good deal!
2	It's a production brewery and not much else. In that matter, no tasting room and you can't just visit it out of the blue.They have a tour once a month. It's pretty much walk in and stand in one spot because its a very small spot.The beers aren't anything special and that might be because they constantly change their recipes. Their one-offs tend to be their best bets but consistency in making them again is apparently tough for the brewery. (Hence "one-off")Better bet going to Tenaya Creek or Big Dogs where you can see the Brewery as well as drink there. Banger Brewing downtown is also highly recommended.
4	I usually sample the JJ beer at tastings throughout the year or they are often on tap at Khourys Fine Wine & Spirits.  The Red Fox is their signature beer...I'm a fan.
5	I love Joe's Cola.  I have been purchasing it at Whole Foods in Henderson.  But, they stopped carrying it.  Where else is it available?
5	Brewery tour radStaff are awesomeRussian bourbon aged stout is one of my top 4 favorites on earth
