3	I'm torn about this place. This is my second visit here, my first visit I did the deluxe pedicure which she did a really good job pampering my feet, it included a salt scrub, then a minty mask and really good exfoliation followed by heated towel wrap. My polish stayed on for well over a month without chipping. So after that being said, why am I torn? Well the polish selection isn't the best, both visits I spent more time trying to settle on a color than time spent getting my toes done (ok maybe not that long) a lot of the colors looked old and cracked in the bottle, I love pinks, and it was hard to find a nice one! A lot of old lady mauves & browns. So my advice is to bring your own colors if you're picky like me. My quest to find a good nail salon continues.
4	My girls and I arrived in Vegas to spend our weekend at The Strip. Not fond of blowing Benjamins, we decided to go outside The Strip and drive around for some local nail salons with decent prices. Initially, we planned on going to Diamond, but their location led us to a gated community, which we couldn't enter. Driving back, we saw Highland up ahead, so we swerve into the plaza and went in. It was almost 5PM at that time and noticed that they were about to close, OH NO! Fortunately, Linda was so nice and told the us to come in. We didn't want to make them stay longer and could find other places around the area, but she didn't mind taking ALL THREE OF US past their hours. How awesome is that?!The girls and I got the gel polish manicure and pedicure treatment. This was my first gel polish treatment and it was the best decision ever. It's been almost 2 weeks already since then and no chipping in sight. Definitely an investment, but it's worth it. Linda and the other ladies were very sweet, despite the slight language barrier. They make casual conversations, just to make you feel comfortable during the long drying times. The whole procedure was so pampering and therapeutic.I wish I could give them 5 stars, but their prices are a bit steep compared to other nail salons. Well, it is Vegas after all, in and out of The Strip. The gel polish manicure and pedicure came out to be $58 total, but I still gave Linda a generous tip for her willingness to stay after closing hours. The girls and I were overall satisfied with our nails and looked hot throughout the weekend. Even had some boys hollering at us. ;)
1	On my first visit I loved the deluxe pedicure- they give me the best foot massages to the point of me falling asleep. The leg scrubs and mud wraps are so amazing.But this time, I actually left unhappy. The only pro: AMAZING DELUXE PEDICURE. That's it. The woman working on me -coughcoughLindacoughcough- gave an excellent massage, HOWEVER, was rough on my cuticles! She was too fast and quick with cutting my cuticles she has even pricked my skin, making a little blood puddle form.I asked for a different nail design. Blue with black tips. She offered a silver line, insisting that it will look more pretty, so I said okay. My mom and I were the last customers of the night, so as we were getting our nails done one of the women was closing up shop. She went over the prices with my mom, who was paying the bill. My mani/pedi turned out to be $60! When asked why, she explained that the silver line was an extra $20. ARE YOU SERIOUS? I was upset with how Linda didn't even bother to say it was going to cost more for some silver lines. The woman was also eager to fish in my mom's purse. That's right. While my mom's hands were still wet she dug into her purse for my mom's wallet, OPENED IT UP, and grabbed one of her paying cards.  We left unhappy.Not only that, but a few days later my fingers and toes began to hurt and swell from her cutting my cuticles too harshly. It was overall a horrible time.
4	Awesone Mani-Pedi.   2 at once since near closing  :)
4	this place is amazing!!!! go see mai!!
5	New place for my mani and pedicure. New owner at highland nails and spa. Very lean, very nice staff. Excellent product that they use for mani and pedi.overall I love it.Everybody need to stop by to experience . Thanks
4	New management, this place received a good make over. Comfy pedicure chairs, new lounge furniture, but the best part is new nail polish. Lots of OPI & China Glaze. $25 for a standard pedicure, and prices go up from there depending on what you add on.
5	Highland Nails has a very inviting atmophere!  I  feel comfortable and the friendly and warm staff is always accommodating!   The customer care that I receive whenever I visit the shop is second to none!  Excellent care from the Ownernship down to the manicure techs!   Thank you William and Mai for sharing your care and professionalism with me each and every time!Jesse Ferrell
5	Finally found my neighborhood nail spot!!!  This spa pedicure is awesome!  $35 and you get a hot stone massage, great smelling salt scrubs and a tingling foot mask with hot towel treatments!  Love the all natural products they use here. You also get discounts for referring people here.  These are new owners within the last 60 days so if you've been before it's worth checking out again.  Super clean and love the modern and chic decor as you walk in the pretty chandelier lights, the pedicure chairs are beautiful too!
5	One of the most clean and beautiful salon I have ever been to, Best service ;) anyone that are looking for the right nails & spa ? ...... this is it  ;)
5	I love coming here!  Once the staff gets to know you, they treat you like family and once you're a regular, they really take care of you.  All their services are reasonably priced considering all the additional services they pamper you with.  They have a huge selection of gel manicures with more to come!  Every tech in this salon is talented.  I love taking friends here because I know they won't be disappointed.
5	Highland Nail and Spa is the best nail salon I have found in the area. The service is excellent, quick, and relaxing. You get a free sea salt feet scrub with your pedicure. i got the hot stone pedicare package, $45. It was amazing! you've got to try it! They always serve a free chilled bottle of water for every customer. Parking is great, plenty of spaces. The nail salon is next to Smith's. I always go in with crazy nail ideas and they will try for literally as long as it take so you are 100% happy with the end result.
5	I am currently on vacation and one of my friends that lives here recommended this place to me. I got a gel manicure and it was great!! They have thousands of gel color selections. The owner told me that there is a 1-week guarantee on the gel manicure. The lady nail technician was very nice & friendly. Great customer service! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! :)
5	Superior service, competitive pricing,  ultra-clean environment, knowledgeable staff, strong teamwork. Under new management and remodeled since Spring 2013.I recently had the Fiji Pedicure for $65. True gentlemen get pedicures, smart gentlemen come to Highland Nails and Spa for their pedicures. There are a large variety of pedicures, in a range of prices. The "ultimate" pedicure is the "Fiji".  Here's what you get: you sit in an intra-deluxe massage chair kneading your back and shoulders while your feet get a coconut milk foot soak. You are served both bottled water and chilled young coconut water. After a period of time, your nails are trimmed and cuticles cared for. The callouses are buffed. A paraffin wax is applied then removed. A hot towel wrap is applied while a hot stones massage technique is employed. A sugar scrub is used to assist the foot massage (which...I'm here to tell you...is worth a separate $65 itself! ... You have +no idea + what a skilled foot massuese can do for you until you actually experience it yourself) and all this followed by a coconut milk and cream skin polish to further assist the incredible foot massage.Okay, ladies: you know what a good nail salon is all about. My mother recommended this place, so you all get it. You know what you like and what you need. Here's a cowboy's perspective of what makes Bill, Maria, "T", and Jenny and the rest of the staff at Highland Nails and Spa deserve your support and patronage: the teamwork is exemplary, the customer service is (as you will experience for yourself) beyond superior... and most importantly you are treated respectfully and lovingly like family.I bring my + mother + to this salon. I think you'll appreciate it as much as we do. And if by chances you see me getting my monthly pedicure, introduce yourself and say hello.Tell them you saw my review on Yelp!
5	This is the only place i"ll go for my nails.Great service, friendly staff, and I never have to wait long.
5	Absolutely wonderful service! The new management did such a great job revamping the place, I felt like I was in a top notch salon in LA! The team there does such a great job at making me feel right at home and this is the only nail salon and spa where I've seen every artist and associate interacting and laughing with each of their customers. I had so many awesome choices to choose from for my nails and they will literally do anything you want which is great for a girl like me that needs everything bedazzled! My nails were great quality and lasted quite a while so definitely worth every penny :) have fun!
5	Had an exceptional first experience here! Bill was my technician and he was full on awesome! He helped me pick out a great color and made my nails look beautiful!! The entire salon was clean, friendly and I enjoyed it a lot! Thank you so much!! Can't wait for my next session! :)
5	This was my first visit to this salon under their new mgmt. The new decor and menu are pleasant upgrades. Even the nail techs are in uniform. I got a deluxe pedi/gel mani and the services were superb. My nail tech even got wind it was my bday and next thing you know the Happy Birthday song is playing on the speakers and another tech presents me with a mini box of chocolates. Such an unexpected gracious gesture! They even sign you up for a loyalty card when you check out. They have definitely won me over. New mgmt has brought this spa to the next level. The quality of their services are just as fantastic! Their guest service alone sets them apart from the average nail shop!
5	Absolutely one of the best nail spas around. Super clean and professional. We had amazing customer service and felt so special the entire time! Would recommend this place to anyone. Great decor too!
4	When you walk in, everything looks so nice and clean so it gives you a good vibe. I had an appointment for 2 for a pedicure but looks like they're more of a walk-in place so even if you have an appointment.. you're unlikely to be helped right away. I got one as soon as one was available (which was 20mins+) and then my friend got the next one, and then my 3rd friend (who decided when we arrived) eventually got one, as well. I got Mindy and she's very friendly and nice. She did a nice job, not that I would really know since this is my first experience. However, for a first experience I do like it and I'm planning on bringing my mom here in a few weeks. We got the deluxe pedicure and that included the hot stones. I don't think I would ever really just want the classic express one. Deluxe is probably the minimum level that I'll go to.The massage chairs are quite nice and that made up for my long wait time so it wasn't too bad. Not sure if I'll bother with making an appointment next time but so far so good. Will update as necessary.Also, feel free to sign up for their rewards program (if you decide to be a returning customer) so that when you get 250 points, you'll get a gift certificate. You do get more points if you pay with cash but just slightly. I'm a CC person so most likely will not bother with paying cash. Be back soon!
5	I'm a huge fan!  Superior service, cleanliness, color choices for gels are never ending!  Love, love, love this place!  Andy, Ivy, Bill... Everyone I've met gives nothing but genuine and impeccable service.
4	UPDATE: (after my hour-long appt on 8/8/13)I was given $10 off to use during my next visit. This redeemed them, because they are just too nice and I really think the value of the services is truly great.This review was from 8/8/13: (posted on 8/22/13):I got here 10 mins early for a 6pm appt, and it's 635p and I'm sitting in the chair and no one has helped me yet. Yes I am writing this review angry. The first time I came here it was Saturday morning. Thursday night & it's packed but I had an APPT. What's the point of making one if I'm not getting helped? The people are nice and the services are a great value, but I am super upset about this wait. I should not have to wait 40 minutes for an appt I made 5 days in advance. The rating is an average of my 2 visits.
4	Great service! My technician was Jenny and she did a great job. I got the deluxe pedicure which I loved! It was very relaxing and it included a hot stone massage that felt really good. Jenny is super friendly and personable. Both my pedicure and manicure came out great, she even cleaned up any nail polish that got away. The only thing is that she didn't put a top coat on my fingernails then disappeared after placing my hands under the UV lamp, but other than that it is one of the better nail salons I've been to!
4	I went to this nail salon about 6 days ago. I went in for a gel polish manicure. My first impression of the salon was good. It is clean and modern in comparison to other nail salons that I have been to in the area. From the time I entered until I left every interaction with any of the employees was great. I felt everyone there was enjoying themselves and also professional at the same time. Mindy is the nail tech that did my manicure. All I can say is that she did a great job. One thing I appreciated is that they remove your previous gel manicure at no additional charge. Not all salons do this so and as someone who has her nails done every two weeks this is a plus for me. It was a good experience and I will be making this my regular nail salon. The location is very convenient for me and the prices are fair. Overall it is a great salon. Next time I think I may also get a pedicure. I will update once I do.
5	I went this morning because there was a sign hanging that said under new management and they were offering free paraffin dips if you got a gel manicure. That's what I was getting so I figured why not give it a try?  I'm glad I did!  I had Jenny do my manicure and she was such a perfectionist!  She went through each step focusing on making my manicure last as long as possible. That's exactly what I was looking for.  The place was clean, staff was friendly, and they offer a rewards program for customers. Why not get a freebie once in a while??  Loved it!!  I will definitely be back!
5	I really like this place. Jenny and Kim have both done my nails and toes and they both do a really nice job. Not the best I have experienced but really good. The atmosphere is really relaxing. Everything is clean and they have a good selection of polishes. They also offered free wifi and water while you are getting services. They also have a frequent user card. You earn points for every dollar you spend and when you get to a certain number of points (I think its 200 or 250), you get $15 gift card. Which is awesome. You earn more points if you pay with cash instead of credit card. Its always busy but never so packed they wont fit you in. I like another nail salon in the area but unless you have an appointment, its hard to get in without a 30 minute wait. Anyway, the location is good and the people are nice. Good service, good prices.
5	Loved this place!! I found this salon on here, since I was coming in from out of town. I walked in on a Friday and got serviced right away. They have a great selection of gel colors, and I really love the rock star colors. My tech was very nice, as well as everyone in the salon was nice. My nails came out wonderful! I wish I had a salon like this back home, but this will be the place I visit when I'm in town!
5	Amazing pedicures (deluxe pedicure)! Jenny was my nail tech and she is so sweet. Lots of massaging, hot stone, wonderful products and very gentle! Its my favorite place I have found in southwest. My mom drives across town just to go here :-)
5	Out of all the nail salons I have been to, nothing compares to Highland Nails & Spa. The atmosphere when you walk in is so welcoming. Everyone is super nice and treats you with respect. Management is also awesome. I recommend going to Nikki or Jenny! They are amazing with their work (: The work they do is so clean is amazing & will leave you feeling fabulous when you walk out ! I also recommend the deluxe pedicure, also great !!
5	Tonight I got the candle wax pedicure from Jenny--WOW!!!!!!  I feel SO pampered!!!!!  She massaged for-e-ver!!!! Exactly what I needed after a long day on my feet. Of course it costs a bit more, but so worth it!!!!  Go-Now!!!!!
5	Customer service this great deserves recognition. First off,I love that they offer a discount for a first time visit. That's what got me in the door. Everyone was extremely friendly and made me feel like I had been going there for years. Jenny was my tech and I absolutely loved her! What stuck out to me the most about her was after she was done she turned to the other tech and said "I think I'm getting better every time."  She really puts pride into her quality work and I heard nothing but praise from other customers. This is definitely my new spot.
5	I LOVE this place! Everyone is super friendly. The place is nicely decorated and very clean. The pricing is comparable to most other salons. And they do offer a great rewards program. I love going to Mai. Her work is always amazing and she's always so nice. I've tried a few of the other technicians and they are wonderful too.
5	Great service ! Everyone is very welcoming and very nice ! Great prices ! Would definitely recommend everyone to come here
5	I was just driving by and decided to go in. This salon is super clean and has a great atmosphere. Jenny was my technician, she did a fantastic job. She was super nice and made me feel very comfortable. I bought the deluxe pedicure, which is one of the best pedicures if ever had, and just a regular manicure. I would definitely recommend the deluxe pedicure! Both nails and toes turned out great. I will definitely be going back. &&& I received 10% off for a yelp check in :)
5	I have been going to Highland Nails for years and appreciate the customer service they provide, attention to detail, and the steps they take to maintain a clean and sanitized environment! I always get gel polish one nails - and they have the largest selection of colors I have ever seen! And if they don't have it, they can create it! The owners have employed a friendly team of people and they are always very welcoming! Plus free wi-fi - what more can you ask!
5	Highland nails is amazing! The service is fantastic and I love the environment. I go to Jenny but I know everyone is great! Highly recommended. Very clean and prices are competitive!
5	A customer at my work recommended that I go to Highand Nails after I told and showed her how unhappy I was with how they looked. So I decided to give them a try and I am glad I did!!! The day before I had gone to Pink Lotus and was completely unhappy with how my nails were. I walked in and was immediately greeted, was asked what I needed done. I told them I had a nail emergency and I really needed their help. The guy laughed and asked to see my nails. I showed him a picture of how they were suppose to look and he told me to pick my polish and he would help me. I picked my color and sat down. He started on my nails right away. He asked if he could take a picture to use as an example of how nails should not look and I told him that would be fine. He mentioned how they weren't even smooth and I said I know. He fixed my nails and made them smooth and the shape I like them. I was very impressed!! I will definitely be going back from now on and I would recommend this place to everyone!! Excellent customer service and amazing staff!!!
4	This place is great, staff very warm and friendly.  Very clean and well kept shop.  I had Jenny was very engaging and did a great job.  I will be back.
5	I had 3 girlfriends in town for a long Vegas weekend, so we started with pedicures at Highland Nails & Spa. This place is GREAT! All the employees were happy and friendly, the salon was clean and bright.  We all had the Deluxe Essential Pedicure which was relaxing and I must admit, the best pedi I've had! Hot stone massage, the scent of the moisturizers, the massage chair...  You won't be disappointed here.  They offered us a bottle of water, and even filled in as photographer so we could remember the moment! I had been going to a different salon prior to this visit to Highland Nails, but I will be coming back here from now on! The prices are very reasonable and this salon is close to my home in Nevada Trails.
4	I have been looking for a nail salon close to my house and was surprised to find this one on Yelp.  I went to get my nails done on a Thursday after work, so it was about 4:30pm.  I was greeted right away and was asked what I wanted.  I chose gel manicure and they told me to pick a color from a display with nail colors.  The manager then sent Sandy over to me and we sat down and she started working on my nails.There wasn't too much conversation, but that suited me fine.  There were customers sitting and talking and more people came in during the hour I was there.Everyone was very friendly and Sandy did a great job on my nails.  I will definitely go back!
5	I love coming here for my fills. It's kind of out the way from my house but they do such a good job that I'm ok with making the trip here. I recommend Andy when it comes to some cool designs on your nails or if you don't feel like being creative he always has good ideas for nail art. Thumbs up !
4	This is the only place that can do a curve with a flare or duck tip.. These nails last 3 weeks no joke.. Even though I pay 105 for gel toe and gel nails .. It's worth it
4	This salon is my backup salon when my regular nail lady can't fit me in. I started getting my toes done here and ended up getting my nails done a few days ago and I was very happy with the outcome of my nails. On my toes, I have gel colors and with this visit I wanted the color on my fingers to be transferred to my toes, but these guys weren't the ones who did my nails. But they made a very very very close match that looked almost perfect. My nails then needed to be changed as they were about to fall off my hands & they needed to be shortened a good bit as well. I chose the MOOD colors for my fingers. A dark purple and a light grey purple color that when my fingers get warm turn into Turquoise (the dark purple) and white (light grey purple). I liked the changed color even better than the original color.Now I have noted that they are a little pricey because I tend to combine several types of glitters and colors together to get the look I am going for and this inevitably costs more the more colors that are combined. For my toes with 3 colors and my fingers with 2 colors on 2 fingers and 3 colors on the rest, the entire session, plus frilly pedicure option (I did the candlewax pedicure which was amazing) it ended up being around 150. The staff here is really nice, they seem to be not as busy in the evenings from Tuesday to Thursday and sometimes early on Saturday they have no wait time for walk-ins. The salon is really tranquil with lots of pretty things to take in.
5	Great nail salon, the reviews were accurate, service was wonderful and there are lots pedicure option. I am a rock climber with awful hands and nails, I got the gel mani with rockstar fade and deluxe pedi ($78) from Ken with I would definitely return again.
4	I just moved to this side of town a couple of months ago and have been on the hunt for a quality nail salon. I decided to try Highland. The first thing I look for in a nail salon is the CLEANLINESS of the facility and this place was very clean. I also expect friendly, professional, and attentive technicians, and I also need a place that has experienced waxers. Well, this place had it all! There are 9 manicure stations and I think there were 7 or 8 spa pedicure seats, a huge color selection, friendly staff...I left very happy and with very pretty toes!
4	Just did my first gel pedicure, the lady did a really good job, even offered an extra coat caus she wanted it to be brighter. Chairs, sink areas, etc clean. Customers are mostly classy and polite, not loud rude or obnoxious [so far] which is important to me... if i wanna see/hear ghetto girls in salon ill go to walmart salon! Hahaha but not here. Nice spot close to home. Love it.
5	I found this place on Yelp after Polished and Diamond Nails couldn't come through for an impromptu gel pedicure. I walked in and was told it would be a 10 minute wait for my pedicure, even though this place was PACKED. This nail salon seems to be run very efficiently and there is always someone to greet you at the door to make sure you're signed in. Really friendly place, great prices, great pedicures.
1	So this was my favorite place to get my nails and wax done, I even voted for them as Best of Las Vegas 2013 for nails, however, the guy at the counter opened his mouth to the wrong person. I walked in with my 2 well behaved kids and signed in. They started my water for my pedicure and he says in a very rude way, are your kids going to behave and sit down? Fuck you, really!! I walked out!! Lost my business will never go there again, he is lucky he didn't get punched in the face. There is a way to ask nicely but when it comes to my kids don't assume that my kids run a muck, if you don't want kids in your business (and he isn't the owner) put a sign up, your not a private spa. So people that take your kids places because you don't have a babysitter don't come here, they or HE isn't kid friendly!!
5	Found this place on yelp after a quick search and was able to make a same day appointment for mani+pedi for me and my mom. The spa pedi was great! I had a hot stone massage and exfoliants and a mint mask. Also got complimentary cold water. An was my technician and she was very sweet and friendly and patient. When it came time for my manicure I showed her a picture of a half moon mani and she asked if I would be doing gel and I said no because it's too damaging to my nails. Instead of throwing attitude like most techs would she said "ok let's give it a shot!" Not only was the actual manicure great, she nailed the design that I wanted. She was extremely meticulous and patient, not to mention quick. She took her time with every move and made sure there were no smudges and that the color was sealed. They came out exactly how I wanted them to! Thank you An!! I will definitely be back! Only thing is, I wish they carried a wider variety of nail polish colors. There's tons of gel options and i understand because that's the go to trend right now but more colors would be nice. They carry china glaze and OPI.
2	Well, I went in for a pedicure. I didn't leave impressed. I bought one of the spa pedicures. I was seated in my seat about 5 minutes after the girl next to me. She was getting the basic pedicure which should be quicker. My pedicurist was done with my pedicure well before the girl next to me was out of her chair. That goes for all of the people around me. The women that I had rushed my pedicure and it showed. My nails were not evenly shaped and my cuticles looked horrid. I've paid a lot less at basic nail salons for a better job so I am not a happy customer.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place ! I recently found this place on yelp after searching for a new nail salon . After my second time of going I fell Inlove with this place. Brought a picture in of what I wanted & Rose did an amazing job of giving me those nails . They have tons of colors especially gel . The place is well very well kept up with comfy pedicure chairs . The prices are average . Definitely recommend this place to everyone !
4	Great service.  Totally worth it to get the hot stone massage. The only draw back is they can't do your toes and nails at the same time.
4	Always able to get in right away even without an appointment. There is one male tech (didn't catch his name) who was not very friendly, and didn't do the greatest job, but everyone else I have had has been great!
1	Have come here a few times, but after the TERRIBLE customer service I experienced today I will not be giving this place my business anymore and I will urge my family and friends who I originally referred here to also find another nail spa. Two hours for a basic mani/pedi after saying I was in a hurry is a joke. And while checking out the owner would not allow me to put my service on my finances customer rewards card even though he was paying for my service because I had forgot my card at home. No worries, we won't be back so you can keep your customer rewards, HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED Nail Spa.
1	I was excited to get a pedicure here because of all the options. Too bad the girl at the front desk had a bad attitude.  I sat down for a few minutes after checking in and then had a question.  Even with a second chance she still never every made eye contact or smiled at me. I ended up just leaving. I don't care how good a pedicure is, your customer service should be just as good.
5	I love it here. The people are so kind and the service has been great every single time. I always take extra time picking my colors and they're great about helping me get what I want while being patient. An and Rose are just amazing. This is the only place I want to come to for mani pedis from now on.
4	I visited this place for the first time for a manicure and pedicure. They were able to  me and my party of 4 with a 30 minute notice. Overall I was pleased with the service. An did my manicure, she did a phenomenal job and would totally recommend her to anyone who wants any special designs or multiple colors. I will definitely be visiting this place again and will request An as my manicurist.The only disappointment I had was the  pedicure, I felt the lady did not take enough time and when she was done I didn't even know she was.  She got up and walked away without notice and right away started working on somebody else. She didn't even add a top coat to my polish. I had to ask another lady if she was done because she didn't tell me so. Overall my pedicure experience was just ok, I could've done the same or better job at home.
3	Just came back from my first time here. I got the hot stone pedicure with Ken. Although he did a wonderful job with my nail design that I brought a photo from Pinterest in. I felt the pedicure itself was just ok. Felt rushed. Always disappointing when you pay extra for a good pedicure and then it's rushed and the massage is just ok. Such a bummer. But like I said art work wise he did a great job.
2	I have been to this salon every two weeks for the past 5 months. When it comes to the nails they usually do a great job. However every time I have had one of the male techs do my nails they end up chipping and breaking within a few days. Also I know they have a customer rewards program however I have never once been informed about it or asked if I would like to join. I usually refer this salon to my friends and coworkers but I'm not sure I should be if they can't even remember that I am there every two weeks. They girls do a great job at nails I just wish they could remember that I come in as often as I do.
5	I followed my go to lady An here she's so awesome at her job and take pride in her work any design I show her she always nails it! Also Sandy is awesome! This place is very nice and everyone is sweet! Good music too! If u come ask for them ! But if An is busy with me you have to wait! I'm her favorite! Lol Looovvveee you An!  you soooo totally rock!          -Bee
5	I'm a fan of Highland Nails & Spa!  I got my nails done here (gel mani/pedi) for the first time about a month ago.  Then I had won a girls day out and received hair, makeup and nails done by a much more "upscale" salon a few weeks after.  My gel nails started chipping/peeling within days from the more upscale salon -- so disappointing!  It made me really appreciate the quality job that was done here.  When I went back to Highland the other day, my nail technician NiNi noted on her own that my nails weren't properly done the last time.  I hadn't even mentioned that I'd had them done somewhere else, she was just knowledgeable enough to know that the last time I had got my nails done they weren't properly done.  I don't plan to take a chance on any other nail salon anytime soon -- Highland Nails offers superior service at an affordable price and you can't ask for anything better than that!
5	I love this salon!  I used to go to another one, but ever since my hubby got me a gift card for my birthday last year this has been my go to salon :) Everyone is so nice and friendly. They always make me feel so welcomed, and I've never had a bad experience with any of their techs :)
5	This was my regular nail salon for 2 years, until I moved to a different part of Vegas. Jenny did my nails every time, including for my wedding, and was the nicest person ever. I believe she is no longer at the salon, which is a shame, but honestly everyone there is really lovely and they always remember who you are. Great customer service all round and long lasting gel nails. Thanks a lot and I wish I lived closer!
5	I come here regularly and An is my forever nail tech. Love that she always knows what I want. I don't even pick the color anymore I just let her use her creative mind. I have also been with Ken who did an adorable summer design on my toes. I definitely recommend this place. I shouldn't be recommending it so much cause they are always busy. Appointments are not necessary but after seeing reviews An is always requested. They are very efficient and very precise. Great service always and they also have a rewards program! So many colors to choose from that it can get overwhelming but I love it.
5	Love this place, they do an amazing job.  I got a gel mani/pedi by Rose and Julie.  Very nice and friendly nail techs.
5	I was on a long quest to find a decent place for a pedicure and I finally found someone who I really like. My usual complaint was I didn't like the regular polishes offered at most salons. I decided to try a gel pedicure and I'm never going back. I have a huge commitment phobia when it comes to picking a color that I'm going to be looking at for a long time. They have a large selection of gel polish and it took me forever to decide. Well folks, I am so excited. My polish stayed on my toes for 6 WEEKS. 6 WEEKS! And I logged about 125 miles of hiking in that 6 weeks. Not one chip. My new best friends name is An, she will be the only person that does my pedicure from now on.
5	Mei and Kim are amazing!  My first time there and were so busy and got me in within  5 mins!  They are amazing!  The rewards program is also a bonus! Def would recommend them!!
3	I was looking for something local for a pedicure, I live around the corner from Highlands nail and spa so I thought I would give them a try.  I walked in for my very first visit and I was greeted by a very nice guy whom welcomed me.   I picked out a color and sat for a few minutes and waited to sit in my chair for my very first pedi there.It seemed that a few of the other girls giving Pedi's were more requested and had a bigger clientale.  I sat in the chair and slowly put my feet in the water and the water was luke warm at best.  Ok, I can live with that, no biggie even though I would like to soak my aching feet in warm water.The girl proceeded to give me a pedi and I was shocked when she was done, she really needs to put some muscles into that massage, come on girl really?  I go there for a massage, I could care less about the nail polish, rub my aching feet please.   She put some lotion on my legs and rubbed and did my feet for 5min with no pressure.  The hot stones felt very good, who wouldn't like that!  I thought the customer service was great, everyone seemed very friendly and the place was really clean.  I felt very comfortable there for my first visit.I will give them another try, I did think they were very sweet to the customers, but I will next time ask for someone that will give a foot massage and put some muscles into it.My feet afterwards looked great, loved the polish and she polished them very nice, however I would rather get more of a massage because my feet when I left felt like I didn't get a massage at all.Every person does a pedi maybe a little different, I do not have ticklish feet so the harder the better for me, I work on my feet as a bartender so I need that foot rubdown, I will go back and try again..
4	Damn. I'm always jumping from nail salon to nail salon trying to find one I'd like to settle down with and I think this is it.  I came here because it was the only one in the area that was able to take me in at my requested time.  When I got there it was super packed, but I was seated promptly and was introduced to my technician.  My gel manicure was bomb! She really took her time and made them look perfect! Two weeks later and they're very much still in tact.  I loved how she recommended a specific shape to accentuate my fingers, and even helped me choose a nice nude color.The facility is clean, their massage chairs are nice, and they have a ton of gel colors to choose from- a bit overwhelming, but it's nice to have options.  This place is always busy, but they find ways to accommodate.  I def recommend you make an appt.Side note: they've got a loyalty program too.  It works off a point system, that converts to monies, and you can redeem towards future services!
4	Treat yourself to a deluxe pedicure. So worth it.
2	Never coming back again. They did a good job on my pedicure, BUT they were super pushy The lady who did my nails totally kept pushing for me to get the deluxe pedicure .. the minute I got there, during she was doing my manicure..to the time was almost done with my service.  Never ever again! Go somewhere else. They're expensive too. I don't know what the whole hype is all about
5	I rarely get my nails done because usually the people are very rude and push me into deals I don't want but I absolutely loved this place! They were busy and so I was taken care of a bit later than I planned but once they started doing my nails everyone was so pleasant and the did the design and color I wanted ! Will absolutely be coming back!
1	Fail. Beautiful interior. However not happy with being quoted one price on the phone and upon check out having that price almost double. Most upsetting of all...within 2 weeks the bed of my nails under the tips all split. 9 nails split in the bed. Extremely painful experience. The manager there was also not very accommodating in the manner to which this location implies. :( Had hoped for so much.
5	I love this place! Apparently they got new management a few months ago and it's has paid off! It's completely clean & sanitary, you can tell! They have so many gel colors to chose from its insane! They always offer you a water, and on Mother's Day they gave everyone chocolates it was so sweet! Also they have a loyalty program where every time you come in you earn points toward something free, I'd you refer a friend you get 15% off and if they were referred they get 10% off. They don't hide any of their prices, no surprises which I love. Jenny is my favorite, but honestly everyone is great. I won't go anywhere else anymore this place is a must!
5	Love love love this place! Will continue to return! Always have the best service and the staff is all so friendly! :)
5	Highland nails is by far the best nail salon i have been to in Vegas Period, i was going there before they changed owners and left when the new owners took over and went with one of the original technicians that worked for the old owners, i recently went back and i wished i had never left,  Today it has been over three weeks since my fill and my nails however grown out are still great, I always get gel and they are smooth are the edges even after the grow out, i will never go anywhere else again.
5	These ladies & gents really take care of you! I recommend this place for everyone! I had been looking for somewhere close to my house to get my nails done & to get great pedicures & this place is fantastic! It's priced well & they take their time! I will def be going back every 2 to 3 weeks!
5	Favorite place to get nails done hands down (no pun intended). I have tried so many places but this is my favorite in town. My gel manicure lasts long time and they do paraffin treatment for all deluxe treatments. I love hot towels and massage they give as part of packages.  The owner is organized and keeps chat by staff to a minimum.  Place is clean and always a great experience. I recommend the hot stone and candle pedicures.  They know what they are doing. If you pay cash and use member card you get 10% off. Discount money off so many visits...love the rewards program.
4	I don't know why I have waited so long to write a review but this is one of the best nail salons in Vegas! And I've been to plenty. The majority of the nail techs are friendly and will keep a convo flowing as they do your pedi/mani and not talk in another language to their coworkers while doing your nails (biggest pet peeve). The deluxe pedi is my go to because it comes with the hot stone massage and it's only $35! Some of the nail techs are better than others as you would expect but An and Mindy are two of my favs but An is usually busy so book an appt if you want her! You'll feel a lot less rushed here and you'll definitely want to come back! Don't forget to sign up as a frequent customer to earn rewards!
5	I got a deluxe pedicure and a gel manicure which were both awesome!  The manicure came with a paraffin wax dip which felt amazing!  My gel manicure has lasted almost 3 weeks even with my job as a server!  Great service by both of the ladies who worked on me.  They are super clean and sanitary.  They have a couples room for a more private, intimate experience.  I will be back and i want to bring my boyfriend next time.
5	First visit for wife and I and really liked it. Also used the 10% Yelp 1st time discount. Both got manicures and definitely will be back.
5	When I walked in, The first thing I noticed was how clean and nice the place was. The wait was not long (although I did get there right after they opened, so maybe I got lucky. I imagine they probably get slammed during the day). The customer service was better than any nail salon I have been to in Vegas. Nicole did such an amazing job on my pedicure. I will be coming back!
5	I have been coming here for a little over a year. It is a bit of a drive for me to get here cause of where I live. But I do the drive cause they are that good! Pedicures are amazing and my feet always feel refreshed and look amazing! Plus they have a huge variety of different pedicures that you can get. I always get the one for $35. You get salt scrub, hot stone massage and a regular massage. Absolutely relaxing! I also get gel manicures and they last the full 4 weeks with out lifting! All the techs are equally as good so no matter who you get you will have an amazing experience. I have tried other salons near my house but always end up back here. They are just that great!
5	I am giving 5 stars because I loved my girl Rose and I just called to make an appointment and the nice girl on the phone was not sure if she went somewhere else...can anyone help me? Does anyone know if she went somewhere else?
1	I was going to this salon for about the past year, and then recently was treated with the WORST service possible. the front desk reps were very rude and inconsiderate of my time. I had an appt with a tech, and she was running behind. no big deal, just give me a heads up. instead I was not informed and waited over a half an hour for my service. while during this wait, that's techs next spot showed up and they seated her to get her nails done before me! I was so disappointed. I loved this salon and have spent probably close to a thousand dollars here. they offered me nothing, instead just repeatedly asked if I wanted a pedicure still. the whole approach was awful and the situation could have been handled to differently. by losing me as a customer they have also lost my family who have gone here forever as well. it's a shame their reception staff/management treats people like this because the techs are all wonderful and do a fantastic job. however, I value the feeling of being treated like I matter and my business means something to them. and that was not their approach throughout this whole situation.
5	I love it here!  They do excellent work.  I have been coming here for about a year and I don't have any complaints.  Bonus: everyone here is super friendly!
5	Super Service an amazing Team and work out of perfection ..... best place I've been.Funny and friendly, they all do an amazing job. Thank you guys
