4	At the car washWhoa whoa whoa whoaTalkin' about the car wash, girlCome on, y'all and sing it for me... With 17 valley locations and 2 more coming soon, Danny's Family has quite the business!  They must be doing something right, because there are always a ton of people working and a ton of cars being washed when I stop by...I am guilty of waiting a LONG time to get my car washed, but it's always the best feeling to get into a clean car.  Danny's brings me that satisfaction.  They do a good job.  Not amazing, but much better than I could do on my own, and much faster too!  I also just learned that Tuesday is ladies day at Danny's... at least that's why when I looked at my receipt for my car wash, I received a $2 discount.  Note to self - go get my car washed at Danny's on Tuesdays from now on!  I guess being a 'lady' does have its perks sometimes; even at the car wash!
1	I sent this exact letter to corporate offices, and received no response. Definitely in keeping with the way they treated me. If you choosde to do business with them, expect the same. No respect, and your business is not valued at all.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~   January 2, 2010, I told  the man in the car wash line at the PV location I wished to have my car detailed. He immediately told me of a special that included interior and exterior, works wash. I said that was what I wanted. The total amount I paid was $224.98. While entering the amount into my checkbook that evening, (I paid with Visa debit) I glanced at the yellow sheet attached to my receipt. I noticed package #4 looked exactly like the work I had done on my car, but included a $50.00 gift card, and the price was $229.99.          My father passed away that week, and it was not until today, January 20th, that the car wash receipt even came to mind. I took the yellow copy in, spoke with the man whom I was told was the manager, named Miguel. I asked him if the "special" I was given, as marked on the sheet, wouldn't have been virtually the same as Package #4 which included a $50.00 gift card. He said yes, he agreed it was. He said he would give me the gift card if I produced the "white receipt that was stapled to the yellow sheet." I drove home, found the white Visa receipt that showed the amount I paid, and returned to the car wash. When Miguel returned to speak with me he said that was not the white receipt he was referring to. Some OTHER white receipt.        I was so exasperated. I asked him what he was thinking giving me such a difficult time over this when I actually felt I had rather been taken advantage of by being sold a "special" that was certainly no bargain compared to the regular package #4. I asked him if, even though I had the yellow sheet that showed what had been done, and my Visa receipt with a transaction number, was he really willing to lose my business permanently instead of simply doing the right thing and giving the gift card to me. He told me he might see what he could do if I wanted to come back after he spoke with someone else. I told him nevermind, I just would never return. As I walked away he said, "Okay."       Really? This is how to treat customers? I'm floored by the whole experience.
1	Very poor customer experience, they need training in customer service. Too many other good car washes near by to waste time with them again.
2	Doesn't hurt to get your car washed here.  Gas is pretty well priced too, usually a few cents more than Costco.  Car wash prices are OK for the service you get, but still what I consider, not cheap.  Had to take off two stars for "Danny's Glass" which is at that same location.  DO NOT have your glass fixed here.  I had a small CLEAR chip on my windshield..  They offered to fill it for $40.  I should have stopped them when they took the drill out.  Now I have a an opaque drill hole, and a clear chip and a larger divot than before.  I complained to the manager and he told me to call corporate offices for a refund.  How annoying.
4	They do a nice job and the staff is very friendly.The basic wash at $5 is a good valeu as they also dry off the car and do the interior/windows.
1	I'd give it zero stars if I could and based solely on their pushy car wash guys speaking to you in a condescending tone  .. "you ever try a wax bar?" "I can get you a good deal on detailing my man!" "I don't think those water spots are coming out unless we do a detailing!" Ummm...your next career stop is selling gym memberships and then used cars. Now, I've gone from once a week car wash at Danny's to somewhere else where I just get a car wash and not a sales pitch. Stop talking to your customers like they are idiots.
4	I have  been here several times for gas, car washes and basic services like a change in oil and transmission fluid. I've never had a problem and feel that the service has been good. Yes, they've tried to upsell me on car washes, glass repair, etc. but a simply "no, thank you" has sufficed and no hard feelings. They still do a great job cleaning the inside and outside of my car - something I thoroughly hate to do. The price is just OK but if you go on certain days there are specials that make it a GREAT value. I really like how they dry cars by hand and those guys work hard...seriously. I would not want the job b/c of sheer physical labor involved so I'm giving credit where it's due. Thank you for taking the time to do what I am too lazy to do. I'll just sit here in the shade with my cold drink in hand until you call me over to step into my freshly cleaned car. Ahhhhh yeah!
5	Great place, I love it there.Excellent work on the car wash and detail.Ask for Scott in detail, he's the man!!
3	It's a gas station with a car wash option.  Buy a car wash get a discount on your gas.  What I focus on is the gas pricing.  Their prices are about midline.  I go there because it's close to our house and for no other reason.
1	I give them a big fat zero!  They stole the I-Pod from the vehicle and then when I asked about it, they directed me to the sign which indicated they are not responsible for items left in the vehicle.  Yes, we left it in the vehicle but it was in the center console along with the I-Pod Shuffle which was still there after the car wash.  DON'T TAKE YOUR VEHICLE THERE AT ANY PRICE!!
1	I can not believe they would let someone pump gas while smoking a cigarette at the pump.  This morning whiled I was getting gas a Red Vette was being fueled with the driver smoking at the pump he was using to fill his car.  The fact the gasoline vapors are heavier than air lessens the chance of an explosion, does that make it acceptable to smoke while pumping gas?  With all the safety features in place can there still be a catastrophic failure?  What kind of damage would be caused if these tanks were to explode?  Do we really want to find out?As this Red Corvette was at the pump closest to the buildings and the driver making no attempt to hide his smoking there its no good reason for this not to have been caught.  If you would like, I have the license plate number of the car.
3	I had a coupon for "the works" carwash.  They did a fine job, especially considering I got a big discount.  I liked the job they did on the interior.  It's probably the cleanest the inside of my car could be without getting a full detail.  The exterior really isn't any better than any gas station or drive thru carwash.  Still some schmutz all over the font.  I couldn't have hit all those bugs on just the ride home.
2	Convenient, but not the deal they claim when you get the oil change with the car wash. The tues wed thurs special is $29.99. They charge a lot for all the extras..Need wifi, especially when u r sitting for 45 to 60 minFairly good car wash, but they stick it to u if u need synthetic oil.  Normally 29. 99, they charge u 30.00$ more.
1	Why don't you charge a little more and then you could do a better job. I would rather pay a little more to have my steering wheel cleaned and the inside of my windshield since it seems to get missed everytime! Pretty obvious stuff. Won't come back here EVER again as both times we've been here we have ended up having to fork out money to have some "new" problem fixed.
1	My wife had her iPod stolen from her car by the "replacement" employees today. The manager had the nerve to tel her " how do we know you had one in the car?"  We are 21 year customers. We will never return and suggest no one do business with people without integrity or character.
2	Horribly slow .......ICE let the amigo's out of jail so we can get a good car wash
1	Can I give this place zero stars? The management is so bad, they care not about their customers. But you can tell from start to end. Poor us.
1	This place has gone downhill since the employee crackdown. So slow poor work quality.  Took 35 minutes to get the car washed and still a very poor job.
5	Danny 's early bird special $5 off yea!
1	Horrible service! My car came out just as dirty as it was when I dropped it off! Inside console was not wiped off and still dusty! Also my paint was peeled off on the outside due to the pressure wash! They didn't even wipe off the writing on my window that they wrote with white crayon!  I will NEVER go back!
1	As of today I'm giving this place a 1 star. Ever since the change of employees, everything went downhill. I got my car washed about a week ago everything looked great then today as I'm looking in my car for my phone charger it was gone and the I opened the middle slot and it was unfortunately "rearranged" differently. I don't even trust them with my key anymore. They can just open your glove department and steal your insurance card info and tare you apart! The immigrants that used to work there were so nice! I never had any problems but ever these new workers came I started having problems. Leave a penny in your cup holder and I guarantee it will be gone. Danny's is not responsible for lost items but they should be. I guess I'm going to have to go to a different Danny's and watch them closely and be creepy. Some advice, take everything out of your car when you go to the Tatum Danny's. Take your insurance card/paperwork, sunglasses, PHONE CHARGERS, money, water bottles, and other items. They can clean my car out for valuables but they can't throw away my buggery tissues?
3	Slower than molasses, but one of the better washes that I've had at a Danny's in a long, long while.
1	Went in for a full oil change and car wash.  Cupholders, console and dash were not wiped down and my over-active imagination pictures everything else being done as slap dash.  Danny - really, this is the first thing that a customer sees when they get back in their car!!  I've been to places where you see them with a brush cleaning out vents as I reclaim my vehicle!  Guess where I'm going...
1	It's time to rethink your business Danny's. The last 3 times I have gone to your car washes (all around the valley) I have been extremely disappointed. Here is what you are doing wrong:1. it takes WAY too long to get your car washed! There is zero sense of urgency from your employees. 45 min for a hand wash when you're not busy is nuts!  2. They always miss something. Last time I went (a few days ago) I paid $20 for the hand wash and they forget to clean to door jams and the front left of the car. 3. Snacking - Why do you let your employees eat chips etc while they are cleaning cars? There was a pork rind left in my passenger seat! Come on!!  Hire better employees (you might just have to pay them more), and require more out of your managers. I WILL NEVER BE BACK but you may still be able to save yourself from loosing more customers.
1	If I could give zero stars I would !!!! First off I drove in on a Sunday to get the VIP wash no wait time I thought score !!! That was until I saw my car I opened the trunk and back seat of my car and it had not been vacuumed. Then  I started to look closer and there was still bird shit on my car ? Wth so I asked the kid do you think this looks acceptable?  he said no and said they didn't know where the trunk button was on my car Really ? I said you did have the key fob too so I said take it back and redo the wash & vacuum it out please  . After waiting I went back out to find my car sitting not re washed like I had asked & the kids said it was not worth his time I was fuming at this point & asked another employee to get the manager Now there was a huge wait I was there for a total of 1.5 hr they had to re wash car 3 times and it still was just ok but to add insult the punk kid who gave me attitude stole my lug set out of trunk ? When u got Hm I had realized this I called and was told they did not have it big shock I asked for manager to get on phone he said he would call me back and look for it an hour went by no call !!! So I drove back down there and had to have manager get kid who washed my car so I confronted him and called him out on him stealing this from my car because he was pissed he had to re wash my car 3 times !!! After some back and forth and lots of employees & customers wondering what the heck was going on the kid admitted to taking it out of car but not knowing where it had gone , I said whatever it needs to be replaced the manger was nice and wrote up a incident report and assured me that I would be reimbursed for the missing item so I was ok with that about an hr later I get a call saying they had all of a sudden found my set so I was able to drive back & pick it up . I was not offered a refund but was given two free car washes really no thanks I will not return here if they paid me to due to the lack of respect and and crappy car wash save yourself a huge headache and stay away. The VIP car wash will cost you $ 22 plus a lug set being tossed in trash by a punk employee being so blatantly disrespectful  , a huge headache and lots of wasted time & cost of gas to go back to retrieve stolen items.
5	My tablet was stolen out of my glove box while getting my carpets shampooed. After promise by manager Spencer they would file an incident report and guaranteeing me they take care of it I didn't call the cops. After jerking me around for a month Ted Brook finally called and said I had no proof and they weren't paying me. I've bought gas and car washes here for 5 years. Needless to say I'll never frequent and Danny's ever again.
1	Worst experience ever die up sells me for wax do the wax tell him to get VIP car wash don't even wash the interior didn't even wipe down the dashboard got no sense will never come back to this place
1	I thought I would give this place another try and I did. Did I not mention that our money is still going towards illegals? Another lady & I had big SUVs and we were in line first. We arrived at about the same time then it started getting really busy. Cars were piling up behind ours and I said thank gosh we beat the crowd. So the the guy said he would vacuum my car next. I go inside and pay for my works wash. Oh I'm going to mention that the workers spend about 5 minutes trying to sell you out on crap. The "only today I'll give blah blah blah to you for 4 dollars" so I'm waiting for my car and I keep seeing the cars behind me getting washed. My car finally pulled up and I told the kid that I need my car washed now. I have been waiting for an hour and a half. The kid pulled my car off to the side and washed it himself. The kid left his dirty rag on my passenger seat & left my mats on the seats. Lol let me just keep the rag so I can make something out of it. I had to put the mats back in my own car. Everyone saw me do that. I don't know why I even tipped. I should have just took my car and left. I called Richard on the phone and he apologized. But that doesn't cut the cheese buddy. He said I can get a free VIP car wash but i don't know if going back is worth it. VIP is not enough. This place should shut down & they should just put an Aj's
1	Went in on a day with possible rain in forecast which evidently gave them ok to schedule very little help, except for the staff standing around all over doing nothing.  Too bad ownership is not on premise.  There was only one car ahead of me, one car! and it took 40 minutes to get through.  I just jumped in the car to leave and when I got home realized they left the back seats folded down, left all of the floor mats on the seats folded down and never put back.  Car was not cleaned well as the windows still had bug stains on.  I seem to have trouble finding good car washes anywhere.  However, it only cost me $12.99 for this! :(
1	We used to go here for many years but had not been in a while.  We went yesterday to have two cars done.  It had to be the worst car wash and clean we have ever gotten.  It looked they had not vacuumed the interior yet we saw them do it.  None of the interior surfaces had been wiped down.  They have quite a nerve charging what they do for such a shoddy job.  No wonder they are in bankrupcy.  Don't waste your time or money at this place.  We certainly will not be returning.
2	I'm a long time customer of Danny's, so it's with a bit of a heavy heart that I write this review. Danny's financial problems are well documented. Further, legal prosecution of managers who knowingly utilized undocumented workers was national news. Have these issues had an impact at the customer level? Sadly, the answer seems to be yes.On this particular weekend morning I was delighted to slip to the front of the vacuuming line without waiting. First in line on a weekend! Never happens! I'll be in and out in no time, or at least that was the thought. I opted for the usual, The Works, and wandered into the waiting room. A room that use to be full of merchandise, but that now is pretty much empty. Paid, receiving the usual discount, then waited. And waited. And waited. Over half an hour despite no one in front of me in line. When my car was finally delivered, I had to ask for some additional wiping for spots missed. Then I drove away. With my wipers on, my turn signals flashing, the radio station changed, three AC vents closed - just about every car washing pet peeve possible. I could not help but think of all the hard working undocumented guys who no longer work there. The ones who did great work for little pay, thankful for the opportunity. Such a shame.Allow for a little extra time if you do go to Danny's to get your car washed. Also pay attention to discounts. A sign summarizing them is posted behind the counter. A three dollar discount for students and teachers, any time, is particularly nice.
1	They don't deserve any stars.  My best recommendation is to keep on driving by this location, I haven't tried other Danny's locations but feel certain they are the same,  My list of complaints is too long but include items on all the previous posts.  45 minutes for a car wash and hand dry is nuts and then another 15 minutes showing the guy all the places he missed.  The up sell is too high pressure.  These guys probably only get paid on commission.  They should bring the women back... they know how to clean windows and do a better job.
1	I've been coming to this Danny's for years and it's absolutely ridiculous how long they take now. No sense of urgency from anyone! I need to find another car wash....
1	Horrible job!
1	For as slow as they are, you would expect to get a good wash. Nope. Even with "works", dirt on the floor, dust on the dash, streaks of water on the exterior. Exact same experience twice. Never going back.
2	I go here often because I always get free basic wash coupons. However, if there was another good car wash in Scottsdale I would totally go there. I find the employees to be rude and not very professional here. They always try and sell you additional upgrades when I just ask for a basic wash. Plus when you say 'no' to something they reply "are you sure"? It does take awhile for the cars to get washed. And I've always had problems with marks still on the car when it's "done".
1	Absolutely the worst car wash I've ever had. Swindled into the detail, high pressure, long wait times. Didn't clean the tires or wheels and I had to do it myself when I got home. I wouldn't have paid $10 for the job they did. Please to do not waste your time or money.
1	We have frequented this location for years but the service has been going downhill. After today, we sat for over 5 minutes before being acknowledged at check in. Majority of employees had face tattoos and seemed to have no sense of urgency just moving extremely slow. Honestly felt unsafe leaving my car with these men. Car wash took over half hour and not happy with results.
1	Very unimpressed with this establishment on many levels. My experience is too long and drawn out for me to explain. I'll simply state that no one seems to know what's going on, there's a lot of employees standing around not willing/wanting to help, and most of them act like you're a nuisance instead of a paying customer. I've heard other bad reviews, but I'm one to make an opinion based on my own experience. This is one I should have skipped.
1	Not impressed. My car was sent through the car was with one of the windows partially down. The interior does not seem too wet, but one of my seats was soaked. I was expecting a manager or someone to address the issue, but was never approached. The customer service is lacking at this location. This is the second shoddy experience I have had and will not return.
1	They used to do a good job but now they don't seem to care about costumer's satisfaction. The guy who was cleaning my car spent a lot of time texting.
1	Worst service I've ever had. Paid for $100 car wash, an hour and a half later came back and they forgot about my car. Then had to argue 30 minutes for a full refund. On top of it all I love with a dirty car. Never going back.
