5	Kind of hidden back in the parking lot, but anyone who loves burgers and shakes and rock 'n roll, who danced the jitterbug and wore bobby socks and crinolines and tight sweaters will appreciate this place.  Juke box music and surley waiters & waitresses complete the picture.  This place gets 5 stars just on audacity.  I love it.  If I close my eyes I am taken back to the old drive-ins with the little trays that hooked on the car window and cute roller-skating cheerleader type waitresses who could balance 4 shakes, 2 soda pops & 6 burgers & fries all on one little tray  . . . and it only cost $3.50.  Well, you won't find those prices here, but the rest of the history is here - on the walls, in the booths and music and most of all in the food.  Fast Eddie's is another time, another place, and another warm and fuzzy memory.
4	Fast Eddie's is one of those places that you forget how good it is until you go back. The prices are dirt cheap and the food is consistent. Three of us can gorge ourselves at breakfast and walk away with a $20 check. The waitresses are all friendly (sort of like that one weird aunt that everyone has). Service can be a little slow if they are busy, so take a does of patience. They have a relatively large menu and you can order off either the breakfast or lunch/dinner as long as they are open... so if you have a hankering for killer buttermilk pancakes and bacon for dinner, it's there for the taking. In addition to their menu, they have daily specials (you know the drill - all you can eat fish Fridays, stuff like that).The decor is a little cheesy - they bought out the inards of the long defunct Ed Debevicks, so they have the old "Eat at Ed's" signs all over. But the shakes are killer good and the pancakes are light and fluffy. What more could you want from your local dinner hang? Not much, unless you are like me and believe that a side of bacon makes everything better!
4	Reminds me of my days in Upstate NY. Greasy spoon at it's best. $3.99 breakfast every day. Can't beat it. Promo in month of June has six random days offering free breakfast. I know. I was there on Friday and that was one of the days. Make sure you get there before end of the month. Great neighborhood place. Nostalgic decor. Worth the drive.
2	Who ever designed the inside must be color blind. The walls are red and pink and aqua and green and blue and.....God knows what else. Some elderly woman who seemed to be suffering from dementia waited on us. When she brought our food she yelled :PEPPERCHECK  at us several times. Apparently this was her way of asking if we ordered pepper jack cheese. The food was a little better than Denny's and a little worse than 5 & Diner. A lot of old people.Weird experience all around.
4	Loved it! We went here tonight for dinner because I've been craving a diner night lately. I had the bacon cheeseburger with swiss cheese, and the boy had the triple decker sandwich with cheddar. We both opted for their crinkle cut fries.My burger was DELICIOUS. The fries were wonderful. The boy inhaled his sandwich. Our waiter (Jeremy) was super nice, gave us wonderful service. The place was very clean (and very colorful!). I'd definitely eat here again. :)
3	Well this was interesting.  It is really your basic diner food.  I wouldn't describe it any other way.  Everything you would expect.  They are wicked cheap though.  We're talkin' $3.99 breakfast special with eggs, bacon, sausage, toast...a good decent breakfast for a fair price.  For $3.99 this place is amazing.  Unfortunately, you really get what you pay for.  The quality isn't the best.  The eggs are a bit dry and unseasoned, the sausage is the same way, and the toast was out of the $1 bag of white bread from the safeway.  That's okay, it just doesn't do it for me food wise.  I would totally recommend this place for a cheap and quick breakfast that is a step above fast food.
2	You know, I feel kind of bad for giving this place a two star review, because I really liked our server, but as far as food goes, I can't be that generous.  They do have a great breakfast deal for super cheap, but I went the route of a half waffle with bacon, and it probably came with eggs, but I'm not so sure.  The bacon was really gross.  There's this specific type of bacon that really makes me nauseous, and Sonic has it too, but it just has a sour taste to it that makes my tummy do flip flops.  I took one bite and then left it alone after that.  The waffle looked really promising, but unfortunately it tasted like it was made from the pancake batter so it was really dense and soft, not light and crisp like Belgian Waffles should be.  What a disappointment.  I was ready to love this place and all it's kitschy decorations, but the food was just not nearly good enough.
4	Fast Eddies is your typical diner! Great fast food, great service, low prices! I am a big fan of their patty melt, and I love the crinkle cut fries! We've gone for breakfast, lunch and dinner and haven't had any bad experiences yet. The decor is lacking, and scary and I feel like I am on the tilt-a-whirl but other then that, Eddies is good if you just want a good bite to eat with out any fuss.
4	This place is so needed.  Great prices, quick service and large portions.  Biscuits and gravy for $3.75 and a special 2 egg, 2 bacon and 2 pancakes for $2.95.  Hell yes.
1	Not sure I WILL EVER GO BACK. I thought I was going to get that groovy dive or at least diner experience. Well yelpers, there was nothing groovy about my experience. 1st to our server, sorry to have bothered you by coming in as you were coming down off your Meth high. This woman was definately an addict of some sort. After repeating our order several times and her running to the manager to ask questions, we finally got some food. 2nd the food? Is this real food or a food substitute? I ordered 2 eggs over medium, a chicken breast instead of a steak, hashbrowns and toast. The eggs were sunny side up runny yuck. the chicken was rubbery with no flavor possible microwave victim. The hashbrowns were under cooked and the toast well buttered bread was more like it. 3rd back to the server and service or lack there of. The server drops the check and then disappears for about 10 minutes. The bill was like $4.09 clearly that's not right for 2 breakfasts with beverages. So we hunt her down to let her know that she made an error & we were under charged. She snatched the reciept and says "Oh you would have loved to have this check, huh?!" She then turned and rushed to get a new receipt. No thank you nothing, RUDE! She came back dropped the new check and then disappeared for over 15 minutes. This check was charging me for 3 eggs, I got 2 eggs. Then she charged me for the steak breakfast plus an ala carte chicken breast! 15.00 later I am searching for a manager. The manager wasn't doing much better in the service department. She basically said I lied and had 3 eggs, because the toothless wonder in the kitchen said he remember cooking 3 eggs. I said did he remember that he cooked them wrong too?! Bad bad bad!This place looked like fun and it's closed to my house. Since they closed the village inn by me I thought this might be a good replacement. I was wrong!
4	Eddie's is what you would expect, a great diner.  You are not going to get exquisite fair but you will get good greasy food!  It will be priced from 1.99 to 6.99.
2	Depending on the time and day it's a little iffy whether you will get good service. The management really does need to get the meth head servers out of there, as they give the place a bad image.For an inexpensive breakfast it's pretty good - but I have been there some mornings and the food isn't as good.We went on a Friday morning and there were a handful of customers and the server couldn't get herself moving fast enough to keep up with filling coffee cups. It wasn't even that busy. Probably won't go back for awhile due to the poor service this last time.
2	Never had anything bad here. All the food is very good, however I will never return. My husband kids & I went on a Friday about 11am & I guess they were having their fish fry Friday & we litteraly waited for over an hour for our food. No one apologized for the wait or anything, pretty rude if u ask me. Plus there's a werido waitress here who's totaly on something & for some reason I'm always in her station!
4	Oh, how I miss this place!  This was our favorite place to eat in Phoenix.  They give you huge portions for really cheap. They aren't jerks about substitutions or special orders.  Just lots of normal greasy food.  They serve breakfast all day.  If you just order a salad, the salads are bigger than your head and they give you a whole bowl full of dressing.  I had the chef salad all the time.Some of the waitresses are a little kooky, but you soon figure out which servers to ask for.  Jeremy was a great waiter if he's still there.  He'd see us coming in and grab a high chair and find us a table before the hostess even saw us.  Jeremy seems to make it a point to go the extra mile for his regulars. He remembers what they always drink, what they usually like to order, their special requests, their kids names.  That guy earns his tips.  He is on the ball.  The little old lady with the thick accent is slow but she's a nice little old lady.  One of the waitresses with dyed hair is a bit too chatty and we avoided sitting in her section whenever possible.  She's definitely weird but totally harmless I promise!  If you're all high class don't bother with this place, you won't like it.  If you want normal food for cheap and you want to be full when you leave, this is the place to go.  We would generally try to go when they weren't crazy busy though because the wait can be long sometimes.  Like when the after church crowd gets there.The decor is loud and smart alecky.  The food is normal diner food.  It is the kind of place that has a lot of "regulars" that go there all the time including a lot of older folks.  And if you become regulars like we did, they get to know you and you get to know them and the place really grows on you.
1	I can't really say anything about the food as I've never eaten it.  This would be for the following reason.Let me begin by saying, I love local owned business. I would rather spend my money there than a chain any given chance I have.  I work on Bell Road and get my breakfast every Saturday morning from the Denny's at the I-17 and Bell on my way into work.  I noticed Fast Eddies a few months ago and thought to try them.  So as I was leaving for work I called in an order and a half hour later showed up to pick up my food.  Needless to say it wasn't ready.  Not only was it not ready nobody knew anything about my order.  Well I didn't factor in the huge difficulties of writing down an order into my morning commute so I didn't have time to wait.  I was amazed at how used to this kind of thing the entire staff seemed.  They all were kind of like "ah well, shucks, maybe next time.... see ya."Soooo fast forward to today 04/23/2011.  I'm leaving my house for work and I think to myself "They can't screw it up twice...I need to give 'em another shot"  So I did.  WHOOPS!  It was just like last time.  It played out precisely the same.  However this time I factored in the error to be made and promptly went to Denny's and waited for my food.So yeah, I can't say anything about their food, but I can't see where it would be worth the gamble of being pissed off due to such awful service.  And then further angered when they just don't care that you're not getting the service that comes with say.... a business.
5	I'm giving Fast Eddie's props on several fronts: great food, fast & friendly service, clean tables & set-ups, excellent prices, extensive menu and good music.  This place is a typical diner and you get an authentic diner experience. It's not over-stylized or contrived like "5 & Don't Eat Here" and the value for the price is incomparable.My friend Jason K introduced me to this place years ago and I forgot about it.  The BF & I recently started going again as he's a breakfast fanatic and I love the wide variety and selections they offer from brekkies to lunch offerings.  A few faves include:- The Nicholson ( massive omelette of sausage, onions, peppers, folded around an order of has browns and covered with cheese).  This big boy is HUMUNGO and only for the most massive of appetites.- Turkey Club (the fries are decent and the cole slaw is delish!)- Pancakes are light, fluffy & filling- Packard Breakfast Burrito - eggs, sausage, diced ham, hash browns, cheddar all wrapped up in a delightful tortilla & served with salsa & sour cream- Three Duces (the name is disgusting but it's my BF's fave) 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 slices of baconAdmittedly it gets busy in here on the weekends but we've never really had to wait more than 2 minutes for a table and the food comes in fair order. The servers are fast, efficient and no-nonsense.  They serve you, check-in on everything & refill drinks but they don't bug you.There's hilarious hand-made signage everywhere that makes me laugh every time I'm in.  Note that they're only open until 2pm, but if you get your ass outta bed like a normal person it wont be an issue to enjoy the deliciousness that is Fast Eddie's Diner!
3	I've driven by this place for years.  The parking lot is usually pretty full.  I finally stopped in here for lunch.  Plenty of choices on the menu.  Jamie was a pretty good waiter.  Apparently many of the all day specials have gone by the wayside recently because of the economy which has hurt the lunch crowd but not the breakfast crowd.  My turkey club was ok but not great, I should have gotten the cole slaw rather than the fries only because of the volume of food (and my waist).  Traditional diner with decent food and pricing, I may go back again.
2	Fast?
3	Service was slow for a friday, but they seemed to be really busy...I ordered the Eddie Spagetti and it was served like cafeteria food in the lunch room, alot of olive oil keeping the sauce from touching the noodles. The meatballs where huge, though. I was starving by the time the food got me, after over an hour and was on my 4th soda.The server was actually very nice and look just like the governor of Alaska, who knew...
4	Someone else said it- this is a traditional diner in every way. The fare is pretty simple and done well. The portions are large and pretty inexpensive.  Three of us had large breakfasts (gut busting - and I can eat pretty big) for $15.  The place was clean and reasonably fast, and the staff friendly.  I'd say it is primarily a breakfast/Lunch place. I'll come back.
1	My family comes here off and on since it is near by and pretty cheap. We decided to come in for a family breakfast and while it is cheap, the food is terrible. The eggs tasted more like those liquid ones that are over done, their "bacon" strips are like thin sticks that were pretty tasteless, and their biscuits were hard like they were stale. My brother-in-law said their eggs were terrible, but I figured that it was just a bad experience for him... but nope they were bad, but were bad in a different way than he explained (too runny for him... mine were hard and could even choke them down).The server was slow, and only listened to half of what we requested, never dropped off syrup for my sister's order... took us getting up and asking someone behind the counter for the syrup and Tabasco sauce. She didn't come around to refill drinks nearly as often as I had hoped either.  The place wasn't busy enough to warrant the neglect we received, but I am sure a regular would disagree.I will not come back here for breakfast at least... but with other places nearby I could choose from, this is the bottom of my return list.
5	Just got back to Phoenix after being back east since mid November 2011. Checked in Studio 6 over on 27th Ave. & Union Hills. My buddy Mike that works their was working the property and I mentioned I wanted to go some place for breakfast and asked about a couple of places I had seen. Well, he said you have to go to Fast Eddie's Diner! Low and behold excellent recommendation. Really clean, spacious and great service. Ordered the Mexican Skillet. Huge is not the word, ground Angus beef with eggs over easy, bell peppers, onions, home cut potatoes with the best homemade rye bread I ever had, butter just right, spreads so easy and jelly. Oh yea, very great coffee too. I had so much food I took a container back with me, so tomorrow I already have breakfast, just pop it in the microwave! A must do place!
2	Cheap as can be. The coffee is terrible, the food is as average as could be.
5	This place reminds me of the many breakfast joints I miss in the Chicago area. Good basic food. Plenty of it. Super low prices. Down-home, informal, good stuff. Don't get me wrong... If you're looking for organic and upscale you're headed for La Grande Orange or True Food ($$$). If you want the best tasting breakfast you've ever had, you're going to Matt's Big Breakfast ($$). If you want a place to eat every week (or more) that's good, filling, inexpensive, and convenient for meeting with people... it's Fast Eddie's, Joe's Diner, or Acacia Cafe.
4	Stumbled across this place since another place we were headed to in downtown Glendale was closed and so glad it was. Great little diner that was real close to home and never knew it.  Lots of menu choices with traditional diner food, I had the hamburger steak smothered with gravy and onions and one friend had a cheeseburger and a couple had omelettes. Big portions for very cheap and entrees come with ice cream so it's a great value. Friendly staff, bright colorful clean atmosphere. I'll definitely be eating here regularly.
4	Just darn nice servers in a classic, 50's style cafe, serving up good, honest food, with generous portions, at a more than fair price.  I have been twice in the past 6 months, both times the place had a nice, mellow yet happening vibe.  Definitely recommended!
1	Waffle House was packed, Over heard another couple taking about "Fast Eddies", With a 20 min wait ahead of us we decided to try it out. Walked in looked like a senior center. Tables and chairs were very out dated. We sat down in a booth. Food was still on the table and the cushions were dirty. Waitress came over after 10 min and asked what we wanted to drink. 10 min later she brought out or coffee. Placed the order waited another 20 min to get the food. The diner wasn't busy at all. I don't know why the wait was so long. The food was ok, service was horrible. One thing that really grossed me out was the a/c return next to the office door. Look up and you will see probably years of dust that has collected. I showed the waitress and she really didn't care. I told her that if I would of saw that when I came in I would of just walked out. GROSS! Sorry Waffle House I will never betray you again.
4	Went for lunch and had breakfast. Some of the best Chicken fried steak I've ever had!!! Can't wait to try the lunch items such as the chili burger. Great service!! If your in the area or looking for great diner food head here....reminded me of many great diners back in Connecticut I've been to .
5	The service was great and the food was excellent.  If you don't want to wait for a table the counter's are open which was nice.  The decor is great!
5	yum this place is amazing! I went here with a living social and found their food prices to be affordable and super generous. I love the decor of the place it makes you feel like youre at a real 1960s diner. I also went here and got a breakfast for less than $4 which had hashbrowns, toast, bacon and eggs yum!!! what a steal I would totally go here again and again it had lots of parking, great service and a homemade taste!
4	Very good homestyle cooking. The Fish and Chips are fresh every Friday and are second to none in Phoenix.Place has a dive feel to it, but that is the charm of it. Anyone who expects classic dining should not eat here. You get a good meal at a decent price. Servers always polite, and meals come very quickly.
5	Yum, yum, yummy.  You'll want to check these folks out!  They have been on Groupon a few times and you get lots of food for the money.  Really, if there were such a thing as a 'to go' bag for breakfast, you'll need it.  Great tasting skillets, wonderful hamburgers and a genuinely friendly, helpful staff. They made us feel at home and that's every time (have been there three times) we've gone.  They don't get upset about Groupon and stop to chat if you're willing.  This place reminds me of what diners used to be.  Try it!
5	Loved Fast Eddie's diner! This was my husband and my first time here and we will definitely return! The food was good, atmosphere was great, price was certainly affordable and service good. The place had a very 5&Diner feel to it. The waitress seem rushed at first and wasn't very receptive to our needs but that was quickly overcome once we ordered. The portion sizes were good.
1	So I got here and ordered soft scrambled eggs. They brought me an omelet. So I sent it back and the waitress told the head cook Mario that I wanted soft scrambled eggs. So Mario cut open the omelet and sent the eggs back out to me and told her to tell me that they are soft on the inside. I sent all the food back. Sad thing is, he is the manager on duty. Never had this happen here. The food is normally pretty good.
3	This is a really fun place to eat. I have no idea how I missed out on this place for this long since it is not far from home. I felt like Vic Tayback was going to stick his head out of the kitchen to yell at the servers. lol---- very Divey Diner, 1950's feel to it. The place itself is painted every horrific bright neon 1950's or 1970's loud color you can think of. Goodness the mustard yellow bathroom hallway is just painful to look at! -teehee--They have all these vintage like posters hanging on the walls.   The food is typical comfort food and Diner fare. It seems breakfast is the thing here so I will have to come back. The prices are very reasonable and they have monthly specials. They also have a M-F Early Bird Breakfast special before 9am. The prices were an even better deal since I took home half of the large portion and had a second meal. I ordered the steak sandwich and fries $8.99 June special and it was not half bad. The fries were those fresh, hot, really good crinkly cut ones. However, for some reason they needed a lot of salt. I also ordered a side of potato salad which was just store bought tasting. The fun thing here is that all meals after 11am come with a free scoop of yummy ice cream.   Everyone was so nice here. From the moment I walked in the door I was fawned all over by the servers.They were outstanding. So friendly and helpful. The customers were very friendly as well. I even became involved in conversations with the folks at the next two tables. Sigh, teachers you can't take us anywhere. Always talking shop to tables with kids. They did assure us though that Eddie's was the place to be on Friday nights for their wonderful Fish Fry Special. The best in town they said. One was an avid fisherman, no less. I noticed a few other Yelpers noted this too. Hmmmmm, being in Phoenix, this seems fishy to me.  :0)--
3	Good food, service is lacking! I used to go to mike and Rhondas the place but it is on bell which is a little far. Service is way better there and for quality is same. Maybe I'll go back
4	The food was delicious and well worth the drive. The waitress we had seemed kinda grumpy though and not to happy to be there.
4	A good place for an early breakfast, because you can get steak and eggs for $6.99 before 7:30. And the steak is really pretty good. Coffee not bad, either. The items on the rest of the menu appeared to share one thing in common: Prices 15-20% lower than I'd expect to pay anywhere else.Good, cheerful, and cheap little diner.
2	I should have known better.  I LOVE these old-school diners, but every time one of them hangs a sign bragging about how good they are (Best Diner In Phoenix), it disappoints me.  My wife and I went for lunch and ordered hamburgers, fries, and cokes.  Simple, right?  Both burgers were charred too much and tasted like they were burnt.  The fries were cold and our service was absolutely horrible!  We had this waitress who looked to be in her late 40's, early 50's and she was SLOW!  Anyway, as the rating guide suggests, "Meh, I've had better, much better".
5	Food was great quality, and fresh. They have excellent service, definitely coming back!
3	Not as good as the sign says, but for the price its not so bad. Old dinner feel in glendale. If u have the time, check it out once.
4	My first trip to Fast Eddies exceeded my expectations for breakfast at a Diner. We were greeted as soon as we crossed the threshold by friendly smiling faces and were promptly seated. The building reminds me of a remodeled Mexican restaurant, but displays bright colors  with assorted "flair" hung on the walls, from humorous placards to framed pictures of locals and their hot rods. The dining area is split into 2 main rooms one of which has the long bartop eating with stools you'd expect to see at a diner.It was around 9:30 on a Thursday morning, there were plenty of open seats. As soon as we were sat we placed our drink order and received menus. It's an easy to read one piece laminated menu ala Waffle House.I first noticed that all the breakfast options were affordable on a low budget and they even have daily specials with reduced prices.I'm pretty picky when it comes to breakfast, I don't like pancakes which are usually forced on you as a side. Not at Fast Eddies. You have a choice of pancakes, biscuit and gravy, hashbrowns and toast or fruit. My ideal breakfast includes eggs, a meat item, a potato item, and toast. I could order this dream plate, at Fast Eddies without making any substitutions or paying for sides. I ordered the corned beef hash and eggs (over medium) ,hashbrowns (topped with cheese is standard) and sour dough toast.It couldn't have even been 5 minutes before our piping hot plates were brought to the table, I was shocked. Surveying my plate I was pleased to see the corned beef hash was crispy top and bottom and didn't look like a pile of raw hamburger. My eggs were cooked perfectly, solid whites with running yolks. The hashbrowns could have been crisper in my opinion but I'm sure that's something you can request. Two large pieces of soft sourdough toast, was served with fluffy whipped butter and a choice of jellies. The portions were impressive and my food was delicious, the hash had just the right level of salt and melted in my mouth. I used the last scrap of toast to completely wipe the plate clean. There was no evidence food was served on it.Our waiter handled the payment swiftly and we were in and out in less than a half hour. Each employee we passed on the way out, smiled big and offered a friendly goodbye. I WILL eat here again, there were multiple menu items I wanted but unfortunately can only put down one plate per visit. Fast Eddies was fast, affordable and delicious.
5	The staff was very friendly and seated us right away. Waitresses were very attentive and continued to ask if we needed anything. One waitress actually told me about a cheaper meal with more food. The place has a nice feel to it and all the memorabilia on the walls is interesting. They give you very generous portions and the meal was ready very quickly. Would definitely come here again.
3	After doing the Rusty Wallace Experience my friend and I wanted to make it a racing theme day and decided to get food here.  There wasn't a lot of parking as the place was packed.  I was lucky enough to find the one open spot that someone had just left but others after me weren't so lucky.When we walked in we were blown away by the theme of the placed and I instantly loved the look of it all.  The food was just okay, personally for me, but my friend seemed to like it a lot.It's a nice and relaxed environment and I know a lot of people that would love to eat here.  It's just not really my kind of food which is probably why I only gave it 3 stars. I recommend you try it and judge for yourself.
4	Good food. Fast service. Great prices. The servers could be a little more polite, but will for sure return.
3	Normally Fast Eddie's is great. Fast service and great food. However...Mothers Day was a nightmare. We waited an hour for our food.  You dropped the ball in the kitchen. Lucy was our waitress, she was appropriately upset and apologetic about the kitchen, we did not hold it against her.  Your always busy on Sunday morning and despite the holiday I didn't think it was that much different so WHY the breakdown in expediting in the kitchen?
4	As soon as we walked in the dinner was exactly what a diner should be. We were greeted right away and seated then had a great waitress take out order. This place was a treasure and with the name Fast Eddies it was truly an order n get your plate right away kind of place. IDE recommend it to anyone looking for some good breakfast.
4	This is @ least my 3rd time here & really I'm pretty impressed!! Never had bad service or food 4 that matter, but notice a marked improvement each time I visit. We decided 2 visit as the previous day we missed dining here on account of their hours (which I think is pretty ingenious). I'm sure they get a good portion of their business due 2 the fact they close @ 2pm, (unless it's fri open till 8p 4 dinner) so if u snooze u lose! Places like Denny's that r open 24/7 r probably put on the back burner by people that like them because u can go anytime & they'll always b there (except 4 the loc8ions that have shut down).   I remember back in the day this property used 2 b a bar (named Last Call or something 2 that effect) w/ a weird shaped roof 2 look like a sports arena & there were a few Xs when near accidents almost occurred as drunkards leaving there were almost turned in2 speed~bumps staggering across the road right in2 traffic, oblivious 2 any danger. Glad that's long gone & now replaced by a 60's style place that puts 5 & Diner 2 shame & probably had something 2 do w/ the L8 Nifty 50's & Ed Debevic's being out of business as far as Gr8 pricing 4 Better food w/ Generous portions.    1derful classic look decor w/ black & white tiled bar & funny themed signs/collectables throughout. When u come in, make sure u stand a li'l 2 the right (not enough 2 fall in a diner's lap) but enough where u can b seen 2 b seated as their busy tending 2 patrons inside unless u opt 4 grabbing a spot @ the bar top. Their windows have been upgraded 2 the frosted logo/design which helps keep u from cooking while w8ing on ur grub & the bright sun out of ur eyes while staying cooler, Nice!   Service can b w/ a smile or none depending on who u get as ur w8ress but never had bad & would gladly take their worst over what we went thru @ Kiss the Cook!! I also like witnessing other servers helping out other tables w/ refills, clearing pl8es etc which made us wanna tip them 2 (since they were actually friendlier than our w8ress) but hey, she didn't bark @ us or fling our pl8es like frisbees either so I can handle non~smiling (better than being nause8ingly fake/phony if not naturally 'nice').   Gr8 lamin8ed menus w/ breakfast on 1 side/lunch on the other & I dig the novel concept of the booth tables w/ local places advertising their business/services (actually jotted down a few of interest 4 future reference). What was ordered: a Veggie omelette chock full of spinach, tomato, onion, mushroom, broccoli florets topped w/ sliced avocado, hash browns, a crispy on the outside fluffy inside waffle w/ all natural syrup, an AMAZING Banana Muffin (shoulda got 2), texas style toast w/ grape & mixed berry jelly, perfect no lumps grits w/o being soupy, & apple juice. EVERYTHING was DIvine in complimentary flavors, textures, freshness & portion!!   What woulda made this 5*? Bring back your AWESOME Bread Pudding we planned on sharing, that YUMMiness was the *Bomb* & we were disappointed not 2 get slightly tipsy from the bourbon or whatever it was made w/. Perhaps that's why they removed it from the menu/no longer offer it. Can see it now: 'No officer, I haven't had anything 2 drink, I just came from that diner & all I had was some bread pudding!' Tee~hee
4	I been here twice the two times I've been here I been satisfied to the point I was going to pop. I did feel rushed to order. I didn't have enough time to look at the menu. Other then that the food is good. And the waiters are great
4	Found this place on the west side of town 35ave & Glendale. So glad we did it has a great fish fry on Friday. $ 10.  All you can eat cod. What a deal it comes with frys, coleslaw or potato salad. The service is friendly & good.
4	You can not beat the steak and eggs special before 9am !Never had a bad meal here, Breakfast Lunch. Never ate dinner, only open on Friday evenings.Staff is attentive and friendly.Very casual Diner type atmosphere. Huge booths for big parties or privacy.
2	normally the food and service are great, but Sunday the food and service was cold - what's up with this?
3	I'm really behind on my reviews but here goes:I've been getting together with old friends quite a bit lately and one of them chose Fast Eddie's.  I grew up in this neighborhood so was glad to see an independently-owned joint in an area overpopulated by chains and "berto's".  This is a diner with a menu to match so we both went for biscuits and gravy, with a side of eggs and sausage.  The meals were huge and the pricing was more than generous.  The place itself is nothing fancy but the value and good service make up for the no-frills interior.  Sometimes you just need some eggs and good company and Fast Eddie's fits the bill.
3	It's a pretty good breakfast place. Kind of like Denny's and their service there is alright. It's more of a good rest stop type of diner than a family friendly diner.
5	Awesome place to eat a late breakfast. Wonderful staff and the food is better than IHOP and Denny's. Sometimes you get free ice cream! Best hash browns ever! Eddie knows how to throw down some grub!
5	Cafe is the elegant lady of AZ 's restaurants. With one of the most extensive and alluring menus. I don't believe you can make a bad choice here. We've eaten here on every trip we make into the city. The service is Top Shelf and the ambiance is .. charming and classy a true landmark in this city. The food is always prepared to order and never disappoints. From the exquisite light fixtures to the full formal tables and place settings, she reveals herself as the " Elegant Lady " without question. Come early and ask for the circle dining area, what a view. Oh make sure your hungry, the portions are large. When in town do not miss dining here.
5	Cool place, great breakfast food, good service not one bad thing about the place! Good and old fashioned for regular people.
