3	After checking out t his little dive several times, I feel I can finally write a review.So, the first time I stopped in with my friend, I was surprised (and slightly horrified) to walk in to this scene: lots of barely clothed boys waiving their junks around. Eeek!  They kept trying to get us to buy their jell-o shots and it was a bit gross.Second time, however, was much better.  My friend and her dude were there (he hosts karaoke on Friday nights), and it was a more comfortable setting.  Lot's of singing and clapping and yippin' and yawwin' (ok maybe not that last part, but you get the idea).  I find that in most gay man bars, I have a hard time getting service at the bar.  This one is no exception, but they don't take as long to recognize my fierce femme self...so that's cool.All in all, it is A-ok, and that's just fine by me.
1	Sorry guys, but this one was a dud. Went here with a few friends for a drag show because one chickie in the posse had a friend/co-worker performing...we left within 30 minutes. The biggest reason we left was because 2 of us REALLLLLLY had to go to the bathroom, the ladies restroom was being used as a dressing room, so we couldn't get in there, so (adaptable and easy-going as we are) we went over to the men's restroom. We were treated SO RUDELY by several of the men in line that it just made sense to saran-wrap our bladders and head over to a friendlier watering hole. To quote the wise Sweet Brown..."Ain't nobody got time fo' dat."
4	Plain and simple; it's a dive bar with friendly staff. Added bonus is the jukebox is always ready go!
3	I guess my review is split in the middle based on our experiences there. First, I would have to say I am pleased with the service we get here, and that's most important. The bartenders are always attentive and friendly, so we appreciate that. They have drink specials and decent prices otherwise too. As far as the scene, it's a small, local gay/dive bar so it's what you would expect. It can be a mixed crowd of guys and girls, all ages, shapes, colors, what have you and that's fun. A lot of regulars, and some nights there are certain events going on where many of these regulars seem to rule the roost. That can be a little obnoxious. Our downfall here, is that we won't come on drag show nights or night where there resident drag queen, 'Classy Corona', is present. After a few experiences with 'Corona', we kind of just decided to mind our business on not engage with her too much. But the last time we encountered her, she was being lewd and inappropriate and it got on our nerves. To the point where she followed my boyfriend to the bathroom begging to watch him pee, and then came back to the bar and was doing the same to me and trying to stick her hands in my pants. This was enough to make us leave, and as we did, some others saw the situation and were telling us that they have had similar situations here and asked to have 'Corona' kicked out. Sounds like she isn't exactly helping business like she is supposed to. So we do like to return when we want to have some cheap, casual drinks close to home, but not on certain nights.
3	Would have gotten 4 or 5 stars if it wasn't for the owner. I always liked this place. Mellow, good service, neighborhood bar. Sadly, and this is based on several stories, i have heard the owner frequents this place and drinks much of the time he is there. Also that he has on various occasions slandered his employees and also demeaned them in front of guests. I have not been there enough to witness this personally and would likely never return if I had. While I only come to this local once a month or so and would not consider myself a "regular" I do recommend this bar to many visiting friends and clients. For me however, it is the utmost importance that an establishment such as this has ownership that demonstrates  positive behavior not only to its staff but for the community as a whole. The "gay" scene is wrought with such negative rumors and talk already. The owner of a gay establishment should never feed, let alone start this fire.
