5	Bought a new wedding ring here on valentines day. Rebecca helped us right away and she was awesome. Knew what she was talking about and helped me pick out a beautiful ring!
1	When I was browsing there today, I understood they all had customers so I didn't mind that I had to wait for a sales person to assist me. I waited a while, and once the sales person approached me, she decided to turn around and pay attention to someone else who just walked in (gave me to one second finger.) I returned to the store later and asked the same person to show me an item, and I politely thanked her after  because I didn't fall in love with the item and needed to think about it. She ignored my appreciation in her assistance and my comments about the item. She let me walk out without asking me if I had any other questions or anything else I wanted to look at. Both events that happened in the store today clearly shows that my business is not appreciated there.
1	Horrible. Went in to compare my current ring 4ct wedding ring. And possibly upgrade.  When we walked in no one said hi well be right with you not even a simple welcome. I realize we arw young looking (mid 20s and a mixed couple boyfriends black im hispanic) maybe thought qe didnt have money or couldn't afford much. The sales woman who I had to beg for attention in the first place was who I delt with. I asked her to let me know what she thought about my current ring clarity and color and approx ct weight. She refused and said she was not an appraiser. I have purchased all my jewelry from zales over the last 8 years and have spent about $10,000 over the last few years. She is gia certified it says on her nametag. So if someone who doesn't know much about jewelry like myself can look at a diamond and guess correctly with no training obviously someone who is gia certified should be able to as well. Long story but the attitude and rudeness was unnecessary and unwelcoming. We went to jared got amazing service. Spent another $8,000 and got my dream ring. Zales no longer has our business we will never be back!!!!
2	Went in last Saturday with my partner and we purchased a diamond ring for approx. $3,500. The person I dealt with was Lois. I did not want the lifetime warranty but agreed that I would do the 6 month maintenance to make sure everything was okay. I wore the ring and on Wednesday, I decided that I needed it to be made smaller. I took it in only to find out that it was $45 for sizing and that it wouldn't be back for 2 weeks. That is just crazy talk to me after spending $3,500!!!! I did not want to wait 2 weeks so on top of that I had to pay a $35 fee for a "rush." So there was another $80!!!I was in there a total of 3 times and never saw anyone smiling. This has got to be the unhappiest bunch of employees I've ever seen and they all look tired, disgusted and exhausted. I will never, ever use this store again!!! The ONLY reason I gave 2 stars is because the ring is beautiful.
