4	It's possible that I  was just really hungry . Is it my imagination or did my Baja Fresh meal taste really good?  I always like   Baja but it seemed really extra good. I  had three big kids with me and none of them were able to finish their food , but said  it was tasty and they were stuffing themselves to try to eat it all.   I had the grilled Mahi  Mahi tacos.  They were packed with fish , salsa, avocado  and  a bit of cheese. Tasty especially with  their mango salsa on top.  I barely finished mine , it tasted great. We also were given a large bowl of fresh tasting chips when we first got there,  a nice touch.  Salsa on the Salsa bar looked fresh and tasty. I really wanted to try some others but I am a sucker for mango salsa. I am already plotting to go to the Baja ,closer to my area to see if it also is tasting extra good.
3	Baja Fresh was a staple for me in high school, since it was just down the street and right on the way home. I always appreciated how high-quality their chicken was but always thought that the dishes were a little bland. In particular, the salsa bar offerings weren't that flavorful. Lately, it does seem like Baja Fresh is trying to take it up a notch and compete with other chains like Rubio's and La Salsa that are offering more upscale, California-esque things like portobello tacos and salad burritos. I appreciate the innovativeness, but find that despite good-quality ingredients, most of Baja Fresh's dishes haven't changed and are still bland. Oh, and their salsa is still so-so. We went for lunch the other day because we had a coupon (buy one new fire-grilled taco combo for $6.99 and get another for $1.99). The combo came with a tropical chicken, blackened shrimp, and a "diablo" steak taco. The shrimp taco was definitely good and the shrimp themselves were good-quality. The chicken taco was also ok, and I really liked the grilled pineapple slice that was tucked inside. The diablo steak was kind of chewy and not that spicy, as the name would suggest. As it had been on previous visits, the salsa was mediocre. We left feeling satisfied and full but not wowed by anything. Next time, I'll probably stick to tacos or burritos and avoid the new dishes.
4	Dude. Baja Fresh is GOOD. I had a shrimp diablo burrito. Now while the burrito tasted nowhere near as diablish as i would have hoped it would, it was still good. I thought it would be spicy. Not so much. But the shrimp were large, they tasted grilled, and the burrito was stuffed to the gills with them. I noticed that at the salsa bar they now have a monthly rotation of a new flavor? Is this new or have I not been to a Baja Fresh in quite a while? Anyway, they had this awesome pineapple-onion-cilantro mixture. Sounds weird - tastes FREAKING AWESOME. I could lap up a gallon of that stuff on its own. Another plus - customer service at this particular location is off-the-hook awesome. I left a personal belonging in the store and they held it for me to pick up the next day. Sounds typical, right? The personal belonging was cash. So yeah, they're awesome at this store.
4	Good food! Beware of lunch time, bad parking & packed. Call ahead & order food!
3	While certainly not an authentic Mexican eatery, the food is consistent and decent.  The Fish tacos is what they are good at and what I enjoy the most.  They always come with a good portion of grilled or fried fish, cabbage, pico de gallo and avocado slices.  If this chain ever comes to Honolulu they better use fresh fesh!  Wahoos is ok and Tacos del Mar so and so, Maui tacos is hopeless, sorry it is what it is, and I know what I like. What sets Baja Fresh apart from the other fast food "kinda Mexican" food places like Wahoo or Tacos del Mar is the salsa bar, it is  well organized/displayed with 3-4 kinds of salsas, mild, hot, dark roasted and the  (pineapple salsa is amazing by the way) and there is also pico de gallo, lime slices, cilantro, onions and sliced jalapeno peppers.  It's always nice to have a few more extras in your meal and try out new flavor combinations.
2	Food great, service great, but the restaurant was filthy. Workers standing around talking while every table was dirty, floor and soda counter disgusting. I was there 45 minutes and no one made a move to clean anything.
3	ehh the food here is only OK but will fill you up. Don't trust the other gringo reviews that say its the best thing since sliced bread. They do a lot of promotions so I usually get 50% off an already low price :) There new bowls aren't all that but there burrito and tacos are decent.
5	$9 for a plate of beef fajitas (good size serving definitely!), choice of beans so I took pinto, guacamole, sour cream and presented better than if I had gone to a white tablecloth Mexican place and paid $19 for the same meal!  Damn, but I love the food at Baja Fresh to begin with, but this place is fantastico!!!!How I wish I were only 40 years younger, went to ASU and could chase the young boys......sigh...but I can't, so I am satisfying myself with a dee-licious and cheap plate of steak fajitas at Baja!Believe me, as long as I have my original teeth, I'll be back!!!!
1	I have to preface this by saying the experience was with takeout, not sit down and perhaps the issues were due to that. Anyhow it's simple: cold-as-ice food, no packets or small containers of salsa or any condiments of any kind, shriveled up tiny limes, the worst-ever Mexican takeout I've ever had. Just dry tacos, cold beans and so-so rice. The best part was the average tortilla chips. This was a big order for about 10 people in a corporate setting and it was just plain bad.
3	Every location I've been to has been good. They're always really clean, have really good customer service and they're always nice if you don't want what's exactly on the menu. A lot of places get almost confused if you remotely switch things up a bit. Plus it is pretty cool that they don't use microwaves. :)
5	This place is about as good as it gets when it comes to healthier fast food.  It's our go to fast food restaurant when we don't feel like cooking and want something quick.
5	BAJA FRESH!! The company stormed into existence years ago taking over the fast fresh mexican market but since Chipotle has been around on a large level over 8 years or so it has "chipped" away at their market.In saying that I still love and appreciate both. And this location has never done me wrong. Been there many times and the service is always fast, busy or not(often it's quite dead in there actually a little sad)But the food is always deeeelish! And unlike Chipotle or many other places these days they still give free chips and the best salsa bar around! Try the pico de gallo if you haven't!
4	Another solid meal from Baja Fresh. I usually order some form of a burrito, this time it was the Mexicano which is pretty standard ingredients (beans, rice, meat). I like the chicken here because I can always hear them chopping up my chicken before they place it inside the burrito. The mango salsa is also top notch at the salsa bar. On this visit I decided to smother the burrito and it was a good decision. In the new green enchilado style, they smother it with verde sauce and put Cojita cheese on top and add a small serving of nachos as well on the platter. Sour cream is also included and additional chips as well. A very good value at just under 8 bucks if you complete the survey for $2 off on your next visit. Always a friendly girl at the counter also.
5	I really think that Baja Fresh has got it going on.Every time I have ever gone to one any where,I am always impressed with the food. The condiments are always fresh and good, you can package it up to have as much as you like. Everything is cooked fresh while you are there, and I have to say it is really very good.I have tried several locations and love them all. Staff is great, the place is always clean. You get a lot of food for your money.Plus they do coupons a lot. Sign up on line at their website and they send them out all the time. Gotta love this place.
4	Thanks to the staff at Baja Fresh.  Your catered meal for our meeting on March 6 was a hit.  I was able to cover all my special requests for no red meat, vegetarian and gluten free in one order and noone went hungry.  We had the Fajita Feast with both chicken and steak, all the fixings (plus a little more), chicken tacos, cheese quesadillas and the sweet churros to finish off the meal.  There was enough leftover for others outside the meeting to sample too.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the slight confusion and delay (15 min) in delivery, but a solid 4.5.  This is our second meal from this location and we will be back!
2	Place took a tumble in the rankings yesterday. The order of fajitas was reasonable at $8 (minus $2 with coupon), but the food was not good and neither was the cleanliness of the restaurant. The fajita chicken was undercooked with some red appearing in one or two strips. Another strip was riddled with fat.  The salsa bar was a mess at 7pm as most salsa's were out and didn't seem to be refreshed in quite awhile. Corn tortillas served with meal were very thin and garden variety. Just a bad effort, but I guess I started relying too much on a few good meals. It is still a chain in the end. No bueno.
1	Closed!
