1	Lil guy wanted to go to this store after hubby yelled out from the road that there's this Disney outlet there. Geez, not only was it a waste of time because the merchandise was just CRAP, but it was not cheap either. Isn't an outlet supposed to be cheaper than the stuff you actually buy at the real store? Well, the stuff wasn't cheap and the items which were reasonable were just crap crap crap. The clothes were outdated and the cheapest tshirt which was even half way decent was only 5 bucks, but oh wait, they only had a kids Medium. Maybe THAT'S why it was cheap.After walking around twice to see if anything was worth buying, we left having bought nothing. Don't waste your time in here.
5	After having visited the Disney Store, I came here not sure what to expect. The items are all discontinued, so if you want the latest Disney merchandise, don't come here. If you are okay with 1-2 year old products and want (for the most part) good deals, this is your place. For example, they had High School Musical wrist watches for $2.99 - the batteries were dead, but for a few bucks you could replace it and make some kid happy.
3	I go here every time because you will probably find a theme park hoodie for a bargain price. That happened, so wasn't disappointed.
4	This one is a little bit better (and bigger which means larger selection) than the one at Premium Outlets for a few reasons. The prices are really good for some things, others not so great.  It's worth taking a look at, because you never know what you will find. If you want to get your kids some Disney costumes, this is the best place for it, I just saw two rows of costumes there today, for at least 30% off the retail prices in the parks- that's when they have the shipments in (if you get on their e-mail list, you will get notifcations of when they get a new shipment and print that out to get an additional discount- woo hoo!). Granted, the stuff they get is a season or two old, or maybe even older, that's why some of the prices are rock bottom. Also, sometimes because it's whatever is leftover from all the parks, items may be in one size (but that's why the prices are so low at times- it's a tradeoff). There is a rack of "Last Item" in which case, is marked down even further- most were priced at $8.99. Every once in a while, they will carry some non-Disney brands like the popular beach brands Billabong and Route 66. The lowest price on a t-shirt was $2.19.There's a tv in back with two little chairs for two little ones to watch cartoons. Limited edition items are in the glass display boxes against the wall, towards the front of the store- requiring assistance from a salesperson.I am an auntie many times over, so I get a lot of clothing from here. I also wear Disney stuff so some of their character tops (like Tinker Bell) are really cute. I also get my Disney ears here- I have a collection. My husband got a lot of Grumpy stuff here for his stepdad here- he's got a collection.
1	I love all things Disney but I was uber disappointed by this Disney Character Warehouse.  The store itself is pretty big but there weren't a lot of merchandise in it.  What little they had was pretty sad.  It seemed more like a Disney Goodwill store than a Disney outlet store.  They had a lot of outdated merchandise and some random shirts and sweatshirts.  They do have some cool pins if you are into collecting that.  Other than that, it was a big waste of time.Note: All things are final sale so better make sure you really want something before you buy it.
3	I consider this place "The Island of Disney Theme Park Misfit Toys".Sure, they are still selling Disneyland's "50th Anniversary" mouse ears from when the park hit its milestone in 2005.  Most things generally are 2 years or so old, but there are great moments that if you go in at just the right time, you can score some great item that would have been highly priced in the park for cheap.  Those are definitely fun moments, and you never know what you can find here.They are, however, starting to take that philosophy too far now.  In my last outing there, I say character art for Dreamworks animated films, which is basically the equivalent of if the Coke Store on the Strip started selling Pepsi product.The worst offender I found, though, was these weird non-Disney "parody" shirts they're now selling, which promote things like (no joke) farting, poker, and beer.  Considering I've been to Orlando and Ahaheim many a time, you wouldn't find these in any theme park.  I'd wager you'd find these shirts in a truck stop or gas station.Certainly, Disney is not that stingy that they won't or are unable to free up outdated merchandise for places like these to sell.This store needs to figure out what it is again and perhaps read the name of what their store is to get a better idea of the type of merchandise they need to sell.  If they're going to sell non-Disney cartoon items and T-shirts of the Quaker Oats guy smoking a cigarette, I'll just get my stuff and "magic finds" through eBay auctions from now on.
3	Not that big on stock of things, but the few things I did find where at a very reasonable price. This wouldn't be a on the way back to Los Angeles stop but for the 20 mins I was here I manage to stock up on some Tinkerbell items all for under $40.00
2	this stores name is VERY misleading. when i drove by and saw the sign for "character warehouse" i was expecting to find tons of costumes (princess, mickey mouse, etc) and found only two (and one was for someone called giselle...?). its got random stuff that not even the disney store can sell-- its a place of disney castaways. cheap stuff but nobody wants it.
5	We were visiting from California, VERY NICE, CLEAN STORE WITH ALOT OF PIRATE STUFF... asked if they had a Jack Sparrow cut out, they told me that they would contact me when they got one.  The next day I got a call from Ashley.  She had one.  She went out of her way to help us.  She packaged it up very well and sent it to  us.  My grandson got it today!  he was so excited! THANK YOU ASHLEY....YOU ARE JUST WONDERFUL.  YOU WENT OUT OF YOUR WAY TO HELP US.  WE THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH.
4	I was planning a trip to Disneyland and I was in need of some inexpensive apparel for me and my friends. Me and my fella perused the merchandise for quite a while looking for the best deals we could find. Unfortunately they don't have a lot of options size-wise, but there is tons of stock and there is bound to be something for everyone. I found lots of items I wanted, but was thwarted by not finding my size in a few shirts and sweaters. All the merchandise is old Disneyland, Disney World and California Adventure items that are either out of season or from previous years. I picked up matching Mickey t-shirts for me and my friend for $4.99 each, sweet! My fella found a plaid visor that he thought was cool. I also got some gym pants that say Disneyland on them. for a great deal as well. Great place if you're planning a trip to a Disney theme park or are in need of some Disney merchandise on the cheap.
4	I've gone here several times to find cheap Disney souvenirs and sometimes I get lucky and others not so lucky.  They do have great prices. Their items are outdated but it is called an outlet for a reason. They also have items that aren't Disney related which are humorous and amusing.  They've got t-shirts with funny logos like "I have gas" in a Chevron logo or "BofD" meaning Bank of Dad.
3	This place is cool to go to if you have some down time in vegas and you don't want to go to a casino. You'll find a lot o character t-shirts and memorabilia from Disneyland . I like to go here to look for grumpy shirts for my mom and to see if maybe they have any of the disney antenna toppers. The prices are a little cheaper than the disney store, though sometimes it's hard to tell.  If you're every in need of some disney stuff at a decent price, skip the disney store and come here first!
2	Disappointing and underwhelming sums this place up nicely. If you want a limited selection of dated Disney character costumes for the kids it's worth a look. And they have a few t-shirts and some assorted over priced trinkets to peruse. Beyond that this is like ho-hum land, not worth the walk from the Outlet Mall across the parking lot to get to. And if you want Disney DVD's forget about it. You can't even buy them at Disney World in Orlando and you can't buy them here either. 2 stars. If you know a little girl who still loves Ariel they have a costume that will make her eyes light up. Beyond that...good luck!
2	It is not as good as the one in Orange County near Disneyland.  Like others have said, the inventory changes so it is hit or miss.  The good thing, if you are looking for something specific, the people there are nice that I have talked to and will let you know if they have it in stock.
3	It was just OK. I would have expected a little bit more Mickey with a Las Vegas flair, but the store is really just an outlet for old inventory from the theme parks. There are a few things with decent prices (very few), but I thought most of it was overpriced considering its history. Nice employees though.
4	We have great luck every time we come to this store. The "cast members" are super friendly and helpful & don't mind when my toddler throws a fit because she wants everything and its all "mine, mine, mine". They also allow me to hand them things she has collected throughout the store and whisper "we aren't getting this" and they just smile and laugh. Hard to find people who are so wonderful in retail nowadays. They might be better than the employees at the Fashion Show...Also, I've never had a problem with the merch being "crap" as stated in other reviews. It is different stuff than what you'll find in a regular disney store - but what do you expect? It's an OUTLET. That is true for all outlet stores (even Gap, Banana Republic, Polo, etc)
