3	CiCi's isn't fancy.  Though the Matthews location has been remodeled in the last few months.  But what it lacks in atmosphere it makes up for in value.  For just $3.99 (slightly more if you'd like something other than water to drink), you can get a full-blown pizza buffet.  That's right, unlimited trips to their buffet, featuring a number of pizzas, including bread sticks and dessert pizzas!Most CiCi's locations also feature pasta of some sort or another, and all that I've seen also have a nice salad bar.  The price for kids is usually a dollar or so less, but I have seen some staggered pricing - so kids of one age might be a dollar less, while kids of another age might be a dollar-and-a-half less.  Check your local locations for exact pricing.  But for less than $5 each, it's tough to find an all-you-can-eat anything, and the quality is actually quite good.It's not New York style pizza or anything, but for family-style dining, it's nothing to be sneezed at, either.  When you can go to fast food and drop $20 on a family of four, or a CiCi's and get out for under $15, I'd pick CiCi's almost every time.  The environment is nicer, the food is better, the whole experience is just a nicer one.  And don't forget that you don't have to order off of the buffet.  You can put in an order for a special pizza just by asking at the counter.
2	A Mecca for the morbidly obese!  Whatever it is they are putting out on those warming tables, I'm not sure that you should call it pizza!
4	Yeah, I love Cici's. I am ashamed to admit how much I love it. It's not fancy at all, and the pizza is not fabulous pizza; however, for less than $15, two grown folks can get their bellies full of cheesy deliciousness. It's fast, dirty, and ultimately satisfying...kind of like a peep show in its way.The place is overrun with children usually, as I guess families really appreciate the ability to feed a whole horde of folks this cheaply. And like everywhere with kids, it sometimes means that things are messy, spilled, loud, and sticky...but when you're eating as much pizza and cinnamon rolls as your heart can desire, it's hard to complain.A night of Cici's paired with a dollar movie (or a $.25 movie on Monday nights) is a dream date in these economic times.
3	Imagine that it's been almost two and a half years since I wrote my original review here.  Man I'm getting old.  Luckily not much has changed.  The prices have gone up a bit, so if you get two adults and two kids (even if the kids have to sneak in to get the kids price, which is now for under-10 only), you'll pay upwards of $30.  That's if you get soft drinks.  If you get water, it'll be closer to $20.  Talk about pricey drinks.The pizzas haven't changed much, except they go for some variety now - rather than standard pepperoni and sausage, you get barbecue, buffalo chicken and even taco pizzas.  But there is still pasta (usually in a pretty decrepit state), salad and the ever-present dessert pizza.Though our kids are getting to the point where they like to experiment with their pizza, and get something other than cheese and pepperoni, they like CiCi's because they can get lots of different kinds.  It is what it is.  Don't pretend that you're getting real pizza, but for the family, it's fine.  They also have pretty decent (read: really syrupy, sweet goodness) sweet tea.
4	We visited Cici's after running around at Monkey Joe's (while in town visiting family). We don't go out to eat much these days, since we have a 2.5 year old in tow. However, this is a GREAT place to take a young kid. The food is already ready- no waiting! I didn't have any of the pasta, but they had several vegetarian pizzas to choose from, one being, are you ready for this, macaroni & cheese pizza! Don't judge! I actually got some for my son, but it was so good I just ate it all. They also have a big salad bar, and the best part of the whole thing is the dessert area. They have these cinnamon buns that are SO GOOD. I kept going back and back and...They are really hard to resist. No, the pizza isn't the BEST I've ever had, and the place does have alot of kids running around, but hey, it's not expensive (maybe $8 a person?), and CINNAMON ROLLS.
1	I probably should have known better. After all, buffets, especially inexpensive ones, generally serve a lot of low quality slop using the lowest quality ingredients imaginable which is how they can still make money. With Cici's though I figured that pizza when you get right down to it is not all that expensive, especially when it's done high volume with conveyor ovens. I thought perhaps the low price was on account of economy of scale. Partially that might be true. The pizza is terrible though. This is like 2.5 yuan tube of toothpaste bad (in the sense that you could never imagine before that standards of quality could sink that low). The cheese even has kind of an artificial taste like it's processed cheese. The pasta was supposed to have alfredo sauce, but it's been discontinued. What they had was basically watered down pizza sauce to pour over your macaroni. The garlic breadsticks with cheese were quite good and I thought that the dessert pizza which is kind of an apple crisp on a pizza crust was not that bad either. It's five bucks and with a coupon it comes with the drink included but really you're getting what you pay for. Don't be a cheapskate and fork over a bit more for a decent meal.
3	Not the best CiCi's I've ever been to. Staff was very friendly, but the food just didn't seem as good as the one from back home (Northern VA area). It's a cheap buffet, so don't expect too much, but it's decent, cheap, unlimited pizza for those times you just want quantity over quality. Consider this a review on the location, not CiCi's in general. Anyone who tries to compare this to a non-chain ma-n-pop pizza shop will be severely disappointed!
1	Absolutely grotesque. I honestly cannot believe people come back after eating here. Worse than Little Caesars.
1	The staff must think they're being funny when 3-4 workers YELL: "Welcome to CiCiiiiIIIIISSSS?"  So annoying, loud, disrespectful and immature.  You can even hear them laughing afterwards trying to entertain themselves.  I guess that's life as a teenager in the pizza business.  Oh wait, most of them are over 18.  Wow, how pathetic.They lost 4 stars on being highly obnoxious alone.
1	Every time we have been here we have been disappointed. We are done. No more chances. There are much better pizza places around here.
