5	my first experience at a marciano simply because i'm not a fan of guess. anyway, need to get a gorgeous dress for a night at a club so happened to find something not too thrashy yet fun enough for XS club. i found service to be excellent. grabbed 2 similar dresses and a saleperson(all were beautifully dressed by the way) grabbed another similar dress of a different color just so i could try to see which looked best. another salesperson asked if i needed a pair of heels just to see how they looked on heels. my sister felt they treated her like an invisible woman.. and i was guessing if it was because of the way she was dressed(dress with sneakers?). it's a materialistic city as we all know so.. i'm just guessing.many satin dresses, which is perfect for a fun night out.
4	I have always been a bit of a tomboy, but I still enjoy dressing up on occasion. Marciano is one of my favorite places to shop for sexy yet still classy dresses for nights out. This Marciano is located in Fashion Show Mall which I normally try to avoid due to the crowds. The service and selection at this Marciano location is why I am come here instead of going to the Town Square location. Tammy in particular is a fabulous sales associate. She is able to recommend the perfect dress for the occasion, and all of the additional accessories without being pushy at all.
4	One of my favorite stores in Vegas due to it's style and affordable prices!
5	OBSESSED! I don't know why I haven't shopped here sooner but I had a hard time leaving this store... A little on the pricey side but totally worth it. I came in here a few days ago in search of something white for a white party at marquee next Friday and i had SO much to chose from. The style at Marciano is perfect for any occasion/woman. I cant wait to go back.
5	I had honestly never heard of Marciano before yesterday. My friend and I had just left H&M in the forum shops feeling somewhat defeated. I did manage to score an entire outfit for $20, but I've been realizing that at the age of 31, H&M is not where I need to go for real clothes. Nothing fits right, you know it won't last very long, the guy in the dressing room seemed truly upset that we were there and the mirrors/lighting in the dressing room made me want to cry when I looked at myself.So as we wandered the forum, my friend spotted a 60% off sale sign at Marciano. I had never been, but figured we could give it a shot. The first thought I had as I started down the the aisle was the clothes were luxurious. The fabrics and the styles were almost shockingly lovely after having spent the last hour at H&M. The staff was beyond helpful. The moment I made a selection, someone was there to take it for me and place it in my room. They offered pairing suggestions and even added some things in my room they thought I would like. Trying on the clothes, I felt like H&M was simply a bad dream. The clothes fit so well, and every time we stepped out of the dressing room was just another giddy experience. They use the most amazing, comfortable, stretchy material in a lot of their clothes that not only looks fantastic but feels AMAZING! There was always someone near our rooms waiting to see what we had on and offer suggestions. They even pulled out some heels for each of us to try on with the outfits to get a complete picture. And what could make such a pleasant shopping experience better? A glass of champagne of course!I can't believe I had never been in one of these stores before, but I will certainly be back. This is right on the high end of my price range when shopping, so I didn't feel too guilty, and almost everything I bought was on sale, so I left feeling great! One of the dresses I loved was a little too small so the tracked one down at the Fashion Show store in my size and had them hold it. After a quick Margarita stop on the way, we had another amazing experience at that shop and ended up buying even more!THIS is what shopping should feel like. I dropped a good amount of cash, but I didn't have a single regret. I am in love with everything i bought. We immediately went back to the hotel and put on a new outfit to head to dinner. This was a great reminder that you should not be trying to force your body into bad clothes. Good clothes fit your body. I will be leaving Vegas with an amazing wardrobe addition and I will definitely be sure to stop in any time I see a Marciano store!
4	This Vegas store was beautiful, it's located in Caesar's Forum Shops.I have always been a huge fan of this brand ( the high end to Guess) George Marciano.I have many pieces hanging in my wardrobe and the quality is top shelfThis visit I purchased a gorgeous silver and black threaded skirt that fits like a glove, so sexy, I can't wait until I have the opportunity to wear it.The salesgirls are beautiful and smartly wear the clothing that is in the store,It's a smart merchandising move on their part. Love this location!!! The one in San Jose isn't up to snuff in my humble opinion.
