5	Eyeopia -- or eye utopia -- is actually true to its name. After years of having trust issues with my frames and seven sets of home try-ons later, I finally found a place with discerning taste and a deep understanding of the industry and what customers need. Leave your bff, mom, or significant other at home; unless they work at Eyeopia, they won't know about picking out frames. TIL how your frames fit your face can greatly impact the effectiveness of your prescription. Dr Andreakos (Peter!), who is personable, hilarious, and decorated the Monroe location himself, understands this deeply and takes a holistic approach to eye care and vision correction. No more will I have to deal with jaded optometrists with no taste, knowledge, or opinion about what frames I end up with. Stella, Manager extraordinaire, is extremely knowledgeable and patient as well and she helped make the frame-picking process enjoyable. They make a good team and are both involved in the process from check up to pick up. Let's be upfront, the frame options they have are pricey. But if you value design, have a strong sense of style, hate making decisions, have a hard time finding frames that fit, are certain most frames weren't made for a nose bridge like yours, have a serious prescription and feel this limits your options, are an adult now and ready to wear frames that fit your face, you will cherish what Eyeopia has to offer. Best of all, they take insurance and have options for people who don't.Eyeopia helped me believe in the impossible, that I too can see clearly and be seen clearly. *mic drop*
5	Just moved to the area and was looking for an eye doc.  I've been wearing glasses for 25 years and this is the first time I truly felt that I was able to get a pair glasses that fit. The glasses are a little bit more expensive than your discount stores, but the consultation and expertise they offer is worth well more than the extra price you will pay. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and patient.  The process is a little different than what you may be accustomed to, but if you trust them you will be very happy.The exam was excellent and Dr. Peter (as he calls himself) was very informative. I found out my prescription has been too strong for many years and he spent time to give me the pros and cons of this.  He offers old-school service the really puts the customer first.
