3	Very nice office and friendly staff.  Dr. Ferrall was also very friendly and knowledgeable.  After reading the previous Yelp reviews on his other listing (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aztmj-scottsdale) I was sure to ask them how much my insurance company was going to cover and how much I would have to pay out of pocket.  My total for the initial office consultation and scan thing came to $120 which was the exact amount they told me it would be when I asked over the phone.  If they were wrong about my insurance and send me a bill I will update this review.The only downside is that they refuse to do anything more for you at the initial consultation if you don't agree to injections or put down a ton of money for a dental appliance.  If you are in pain they refuse to give you a prescription for muscle relaxants or an anti-inflammatory medication.Another thing that put me off was that if you are hesitant to plop down $500 on the spot for the dental appliance, they try to negotiate the down payment like a car dealer and even offer you interest free financing.I'm going to get a second opinion from a dentist to see if Dr. Ferrall's treatment plan is legit and worth $900 out of my pocket.
5	AZ TMJ wasn't the first doctor I saw in regards to the issues with my TMJ as I had previously gone to Dr. Bernstein in Tempe. Put off by his lack of bedside manner and financing options, I did my research and decided to give Dr. Farrell a shot and I'm sure glad I did! Dr. Farrell has an exceptional staff who are professional, friendly, and willing to work with you. Becky & Linda are super outgoing and friendly and make you feel welcomed to be apart of the AZ TMJ family. The medical assistants are just as equally friendly and knowledgeable. In addition to the wonderful office staff, Dr. Farrell is a great doctor who actually listens to you and addresses short term solutions (usually the pain) and comes up with a long term solution to get you back to normal (splint therapy). He tells you up front the costs, what solutions he will use in the short term and then for the long term.Now if you've ever gone in for a consultation for TMJ, you know that the treatment is pretty pricey especially if you have crappy insurance (like me).  Luckily, the office has a variety of payment options available to you in the event that you aren't able to fork over $1,500+ for treatment. I like that they have the option to use Care Credit or a payment plan which is something that Dr. Bernstein did not offer. Once you pay for the treatment, you don't have to worry about anything else unless there's an issue with your insurance billing.Once treatment begins, you are in the office every two weeks and then once a month until the treatment is completed. I'm on month 2 of treatment and I'm seeing very slow process which is what I expected and what Dr. Farrell told me from the beginning. Part of the treatment involves a soft to liquid diet during that time which is a real bummer considering that I love to eat all foods, but my jaw wasn't getting any better so it's a small price to pay for the next 3-6 months until it gets better. That's what happens when you slip and fall in the bathtub and use your face to catch your fall...[insert sarcasm here]. Needless to say, Dr. Farrell and team are awesome and a pleasure to work with. He is highly recommended in my book of doctors!
1	I know this update to this review is a long time after I originally wrote the first one, but I had to think about what I was going to write. First of all, I will say that since I stopped seeing Dr. Farrell I've noticed a few things:1. I can finally chew solid foods again. I went SIX months on a soft foods diet (i.e. couldn't chew anything harder than a BANANA).2. I stopped using the mouth guards that were custom made for me and reverted back to the NTI guard my dentist had made me originally.3. Pain is gone.4. I have about $3000 in medical bills that I'm paying off for services that DID NOT HELP ME WHAT SO EVER.Dr. Farrell is out to get your money and preys on desperation. How do I know this? Because I was desperate to feel better and instead of helping me, he made things signficantly worse. Prior to visiting Dr. Farrell I had facial tenderness, jaw popping, the occasional headache and jaw tension. Nothing that was unbearable and something that I just dealt with on a day to day basis. Visited Dr. Farrell and I went from managable pain to excruitiating pain as soon as he gave me the anti-inflammatory shots. I'm pretty sure those shots just immobilized my jaw for 6 months. I was literally in hell for 6 months as I couldn't chew anything. I was on anti-depressants, muscle relaxers, insomnia medication, pain meds, etc. for all the issues that insued after the injections.Fast forward to now...I'm off all medications, my jaw feels normal when I stopped drinking caffeine and cleaned up my diet AND I can finally chew solid foods and not be in pain. People - save yourself pain and money by not coming here. This is just the tip of the iceberg.
4	This office is very thorough and on the ball.  The staff is very friendly and made my husband very comfortable.  I only hope the treatment he had done will help.  Only time will tell.
5	I had been experiencing TMJ pain and associated daily headaches prior to visiting AZ TMJ and now kick myself for not going to Dr. Farrell sooner. I felt relief after just a couple days of treatment. Now that my therapy/treatment schedule is complete, I'm happy to say I'm back to normal and so grateful. I can now use my custom-made splints as needed and am sleeping like a baby. The staff are friendly, professional and caring and I would recommend them without hesitation.
5	Everyone from the front checkin to walking out the door has been great. They are courteous and helpful and take the time help you understand the doctors instruction to your follow up appointment.
5	Great experience from the very first office visit. I have recommended this place to co-workers and friends who suffer from Migraines and TMJ issues. Dr. Farrell and all of his staff are the best!
