5	This comedy club is a little far from me, but it was definitely worth the drive. And since it's just one block off the highway, it's super easy to get to so that makes up for some of the distance in my mind. The club has a laid back atmosphere, great service and very reasonable prices on food & drinks. The host was so funny and you could tell that he was invested in making sure that we all had a great time. He was very personable, and did I mention that he was funny? In the end that's what it all comes down to at a comedy club. And Crack Ups did not disappoint! All of the comedians did a great job and the last 2 guys were hilarious. Overall I highly recommend Crack Ups if you're looking for a fun night out.
5	The entertainment was awesome, the drinks were very good. It was quite crowded, but not uncomfortable. Great place for a date You can order food there, however, we had already eaten. The food delivered to other tables appeared quite tasty. Typical bar food  with no complaints. I will definitely visit again!
4	I called crack ups comedy club in advance and spoke with Sidney about coming with a small group to celebrate a birthday. Sydney was so nice and accommodating . I booked our tickets with no problem. When we showed up on show night he was just as friendly in person as he had been on the phone. He welcomed us and sat us and joked around with us for a few minutes. The atmosphere was standard of smaller comedy clubs. The show was good overall. There were five comedians two were great one was mediocre and two were not so good. But that is what you expect when you go to the comedy clubs- some good and some bad. Sydney was actually one of the comedians and he and Mark were very funny. My group had a really nice time . The drinks were good and priced fairly.  I would go back.
5	Great place to visit for some laughs. Sidney is a great host and makes you feel welcome while you're there. They have the usual 2 drink minimum rule like most comedy clubs around town. Their drinks are great; so don't worry about getting a watered down drink if you opt for only two drinks. They'd rather you get there, laugh, have fun, and make it home safely. If you've never checked out this place, give it a try. You won't be disappointed. You might even end up seeing an amatuer comedian before they make it "big"! :)Have fun!--Jack
