5	I was there April 4th, and 5th. I saw a ton of funny and amazing shows. It was a great mix of local and national troupes. I did not think there was any difference in terms of quality between the troupes from Phoenix, and the ones from Chicago and LA. I am going to try and see some of the local groups in town and would suggest others to go and check them out. I will be going back to PIF next year as well! It was a good price, and the theatre was full for most performances.
3	I have to disagree with Chris W., because I think that the Phoenix Improv Festival is no where near the quality of Chicago's Sketchfest.  However, the prices are more than fair: how can you beat three performances for $15.00!?  That is cheaper than a movie, and SO MUCH more fun!I attended both the 7 PM and 9:30 PM shows on April 18, 2009 (for a total of six performances), and without a doubt (and of no surprise to me) I was most pleased with WeirDass.  Most of you will know Stephnie Weir from MADtv.  I was doubly pleased because I had not expected any, what I would call, "headliners."Though I think there is a huge opportunity to market the Festival to the masses that is being overlooked...all in all, I think the Festival has the potential to become great.
5	This is one of the best entertainment values in town and I look forward to its arrival every April.  If you have not yet checked out the local improv community here in Phoenix you will be surprised at all of the offerings by various groups affiliated with the Torch Theatre.  (check their website for year round performance info.)  For the annual Phoenix Improv Festival at the Herberger Theater, they jury in the best groups from around the United States for one action packed weekend.  All you have to do is show up at the theater (well, get tickets first of course) and you'll have an opportunity to see some of the most interesting improv groups from around the USA all without spending a minute waiting for a flight out of sky harbor airport.  Get ready to stretch your perceptions of what improv is, as these groups have so many different takes on it.  Some will make you laugh, others will be wickedly irreverent or will amaze you with their talents at weaving a cohesive story line.  Still others will have you thinking about them a month or longer after seeing their performance because of all the subtle intricacies woven in.  Phoenix's veteran improv groups frequently travel to other major cities to perform and have a key role in teaching and mentoring some of the up and coming local groups participating in the festival.  What a great opportunity for all to share the stage with groups from outside AZ and interact offstage.  fantastic learning opportunities that will only make the Phoenix improv community continue to grow better and stronger and deeper. They have a fantastic vision that's come so far and deserves our continued support!
5	I wish I saw more Improv. From Space 55 to the NEW 4721 Torch Theater building (opening in...June 2011, hopefully), I've always been impressed with the crew(s) and their shows.From Jose Gonzalez of Dangerville improvising musicals with his partner (cute girl...damn if I can't recall her name) and special guests like Matthew Lillard, last night's showcase was fantastic.I was able to attend the Del Close Improv Marathon in NYC with Jose and crew a few years ago, and while the Phx Improv isn't quite there yet, it certainly is building that kind of energy. Next year I'll nap during the day so I can handle the after party, the after after party and next morning's breakfast.Tickets are pretty cheap, too. Less than a movie and way more fun.Disclaimer: I'm personal friends with some of the Torch Theater organizers and performers, but am not involved with them professionally.
1	amateur show at best, thought i was at someones mormen's basement. Couldnt stop looking at all the kankles from the "beautiful women" in the opening act. The double handstand was disturbing. wanted to look away and my vodka tonic did not help. For a ten year show i was expecting pros insted i got waiters from denny's at best. I got more injoyment after my morning B.M then I did the entire night. after the thousand thank you's the one they left out was the best proformer the bartender.
5	I heart the Phoenix improv community. The fact that they can be organized enough to run this festival every year is crazy awesome too!!I've been at the festival every year since it opened, mostly due to having friends that are performing. And every year, I am crying from laughing so hard and am happy for days to come. That's right people. Need a dose of happiness? Get yourself to some improv.Some may say that it's not as good as other big festivals and blah blah blah... But if it serves its purpose and makes you laugh while getting a dose of life theater at the same time, how could it be wrong?Various acts from around the valley (not just Torch Theatre) perform and even some from other cities. This year saw troupes from LA, Chicago, Detroit, and more. There's even a family friendly showcase!!It's a pretty reasonably priced night of entertainment that everyone should see at least once. And if you're really up for the challenge, I suggest volunteering. I had a blast this year!
