5	Love this RV park! Very clean, great spaces, nice clubhouse, staff is very friendly. Spaces are not to close together, great views. Lovely place to be in winter!
5	Last August we came to Phoenix and looked at a ton of parks to spend the winter at. We were fortunate to get a spot at this park. The slips are awesome with enough room in between them. Nice area to take the dogs for a walk and the facilities are nice and always clean. We spend about every afternoon at the hot tub and pool and we've met a lot of other great rvr's here.
3	When my friends from the Wheeled Mansion Roadrunners stop by, I'm telling them to bunk here.  The Verde River to the east, accessible by trail, clean air, big skies, beautiful mountain vistas and lots of amenities in the club area.  Plus, eagles do nest down in the river bottom.  The Yavapai people protected a pair for years.  Various eagle-watching entities got excited about eagles on the Verde, then started baby sitting them during nesting season and planting lots of cottonwood and willow logs to grow into trees.  You might see them.  In 2014, there are four pair nesting on The Nation.   Preservation activities work.  I want to preserve this lovely, priceless fragment of a Southwest desert oasis, this green ribbon, the Verde River.   Don't get too close, or the Bald Eagle nest watchers will scream at you louder than an angry bald eagle mother defending her nest.  With the human population of AZ skyrocketing, and people not too concerned about anything much but video games, I-Phones, muscle tone and microbrews, it seems  only a matter of time before the river, cottonwoods, willows and eagles are dried up and blown away on the summer winds.  See it now so you can tell your grand-kids what rivers used to be like.
5	we stayed here in August 2014 on our way to Ft Huachuca to see our son graduate form AIT. The neighborhood was wonderful, the casino was across the street (we didn't go because we were too tired- but it was nice to have the option), the scenery was very pretty, and the staff were just as friendly and wonderfully accommodating as you can get. It was quiet, and it had a great laundry room and the pool area was pretty nice. There was a gas station right down the street, but we didn't see a regular store nearby. Then again, we only stayed one night so it wasn't a crisis. If I were to be RV'ing in the area again, I would stay here again.
