5	Mariya listened intently to my needs and really focused on a complete relaxation with a focal point at my concerns! I thought I was only getting a back massage but it turns out I got a full body massage! I quickly went from half an hour to a full hour.
5	Most amazing massages ever!I have had dozens of massages over the years at resorts, spas, etc and none of them compare to the work that Mariya does!! She takes time to listen to your needs and gives you an incredible experience. I have had a 1 hr. Swedish and a 1 hr. lymphatic drainage massage. Both massages were tailored to my needs and I left feeling wonderful. The lymphatic drainage massage cleared up my congestion/sinuses and  totally detoxed my entire body :)  Mariya has the gift of massage...awesome!
5	I almost didn't want to rate this because I don't want her to be super booked all the time and not be able to get in lol. I've been here twice and each time has made a WORLD of difference with my neck/back pain. I am never uncomfortable and she knows what she is doing. Most amazing deep tissue massages I have ever had and I will continue to return for as long as she is there.
5	I have been in to see Niki on two separate occasions, and she was AWESOME! She is nationally certified and knows her stuff. She uses trigger point, without pain, but you will know shes been there the next day :) . If you have stiff joints, sciatic pain, or just need lymphatic drainage, book with her! You will NOT be disappointed :)
5	I love this place!!! The owner is so amazing and all my massages have been great. I bought a package of 14 hour and Hal massages and could not be happier.
5	It's been a long time since I've had a massage and after suffering from one of those super, annoyingly painful knots that had taken up residence in my back for over a week I decided it was time. I live nowhere near Glendale but AZ Body Therapy popped up and with perfect reviews I figured the chances were pretty good it'd be worth the drive. I was SO RIGHT! Booking my appointment was a breeze. You can book right from their website even the night before. I saw Nicole. She was so sweet, listened to my requests, was very attentive and made sure I was comfortable. It was hands down the best massage I've ever had and I will definitely be back.
5	I've been suffering from some physical issues for awhile, so went in to try and get some relief, since none of my doctors can help me. Nicole was AMAZING! Not only did she make sure I was as comfortable as possible during the entire session, she has great presence and personality. I can't believe how easily I could laugh with a perfect stranger rubbing my back!! They have some fantastic packages and I seriously will be back. The experience was great!
4	Good Massage, Niki very friendly and seems very knowledgable.  Able to apply the strong pressure that I like.
5	All I can say is SYDNEY, SYDNEY, SYDNEY!!!!  I have  gone to several massage therapist  and none come even close to Sydney. She is AMAZING! She uses just enough pressure to get into those knots without  the pain. I felt all the tension gone when I left and sooooo relaxed. I have found the perfect therapist for me. I will definitely be back. Next time I'll bring my husband too. Highly recommend her.
5	I had never been here before, but I'm glad I tried it out. It was the best massage that I've ever had.
5	Love this place! Every time I go here I leave feeling like a new man! Friendly and professional people!
5	Great massage, good prices, simple and clean space. I had Nicole, who did an awesome job.
5	I have been seeing Mariya for over 8 years now. I have had several injuries and she is more beneficial to my continued muscle health than any other therapy I could think of. She is the only message therapist who is able to break up the knots in my back as well. Sometimes it seems her hands and elbows are magic. She and the other therapists are all more interested in your long-term health and wellness than anything else.
5	I love this place. Mariya is amazing, best massages I've ever had and really good pricing! Sydney also gives great massages. Definitely recommend!!
