5	SO GLAD THEY OPENED UP IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD!Finally a discount dry cleaner for the mountains edge community that DOES GOOD WORK. The owners are super nice people who really care about their customers. They have great text messaging deals also. I will not use any other cleaners in Las Vegas. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
1	Hands down, the worst dry cleaning I've ever encountered. They managed to make my $900 suit look like it was purchased from Kmart. The suit came back with more wrinkles in it than when it was turned in and its now covered in hair and lint. Oh and they managed to double up on the pleats on the front of one of the legs, so I now have railroad tracks. Avoid this establishment at all costs.
3	Your average dry cleaners...not much more to be said. They only have a couple people working here so service can be slow if you walk in and there are already customers being waited on. Items are usually ready within a couple days. When I picked up my clothes, they looked nice and pressed, however, I noticed some hair or something stuck onto multiple areas of my suit jacket and thought it was kind of odd. Nothing a lint roller couldn't fix, but just seemed weird since I've never noticed anything like that elsewhere.
1	They lost my pants and I had to call them to ask where they were a week after I picked up my clothes.   Please read my review of the store on Eastern if you are looking for more info.  They are both owned by the same person!
1	I would NEVER recommend this place. They have NEW owners now and they are terrible. they have lost 2 shirts that were 56.00 a piece and have stained several pairs of shorts. they will not do anything to fix their porblem. the old lady that owns it just argues with you. I stopped going there and I would not reccomend them ever. they use to be GREAT I loved the owners went out of their way to be nice. This place is so Crappy now. I wouldn't trust them to clean a $5.00 shirt now. They Get ZERO Stars
5	You could never ask for better service! Best of Las Vegas three times in the RJ Reader's Poll. When you join their loyalty club they give you wholesale prices.. $1.75 on almost everything. They have terrific shoe repair and an award winning custom tailor. No wonder Las Vegas loves them! They are the original one price dry cleaner!
5	Great fast efficient service. They offer a special 4 garments cleaned gets you $1.75 a garment cleaned. My clothes always look like they came right off the rack.
