4	My girls and I get the best service here! They spoil my little girl with the cutes designs and at times have done it for free! They greet us with a smile & remember who we are even after being away for a month or so.Our toes always look fabulous, well as fabulous as toes can look.They've even taken us in minutes before closing time, and we receive the same great service. Oh and the hot stone massage, amazing, even makes my toes uncurl and that is saying alot.This is a definitely a place with great customer service, great prices and the  perfect place to fancy up anyone's nails!
5	This girl has Happy Feet! I went in for a color change, green of course to get a little lucky & to celebrate this month's holiday St Patrick's day! Tom as always the pedicure extraordinare did an awesome paint job & a toe nail touch up! He suggested a base coat color to go under the glittery green I chose, hey a girl needs some  flare, even there! They look fabulous, I'd show them but my toes are camera shy! If you live way out East stop by US Nails & ask for Tom, he'll give you  happy feet too! :)
1	They deserve ZERO stars.  Employees are rude and don't smile.  Their boss must be a real ogre.  But, they've treated me badly every time I've been there...was giving them another chance to be nice.  1st Complaint:  Even with an appt, you wait and wait until they do their walk-ins.  I had an appt a yr ago. I got there early. Had to wait an hour for my appt because three 'walk-in' ladies entered right before I did...well, they don't want to lose THEIR business-so the heck with my appt.  When I voiced my concern I was basically told numerous times to 'don't worry - be patient'.  Be patient my ass, I had other appts to meet.  Wait an HOUR????  I don't think so.  I voiced my frustration and was treated even MORE badly. So I stayed away a full year. Returned today hoping to see a different attitude and was treated badly again. No smiles to start.  And I walked in with a big smile on purpose to show them I was a nice person. I ONLY wanted a spa ped and a gel fill. I asked 2-3 simple questions in the 1.5 hrs I was there and was ignored 3 of 4 times.  Ped operator couldn't speak English but instead of seeing if someone else would answer my question she ignored me like I was not there. All this time there was NO smiling at me. I asked why you don't smile honey?  Reason: "It's too early."  It's too early???  OMG.  Then I found out they remembered me from the previous year.  A curt girl named Holly said she remembered how angry I was last year.  APPARENTLY, I had no right to be angry after waiting a full HOUR for an APPOINTMENT.  Half of the staff didn't speak good enough English to converse. General rudeness deserves a report to the BBB as well.  BUT, they aren't members.  Figures. They know they're coasting.  Probably were given bad reviews already.  I decided that each employee was told to give me a hard time based on the one year old experience.  Yes, that makes sense....behave like little children to grown ups when it was YOUR mistake.  I will tell ALL my friends to avoid this circus act of a salon and will NEVER NEVER return.  Btw, I did leave a tip for each girl BUT they did NOT deserve anything.  I AM a nice person.  They are not nice by any stretch of the imagination.  They came across as VERY VERY angry Vietnamese people.  Most Asian salons are staffed with great kids!  Not US Nails and Spa.  I hope YOU stay away too after reading this.
1	Got my nails done here and by the time I got out the door I needed a fill in   What a scam. I went to get my fill the next Saturday and they asked me if I wanted them thick like this again.  Half the time I was getting them put on the guy was watching what was going on behind him.  I went to Dolly's across from sky view high, had them done and it's been a week and they still look great. I think I'll get 3 weeks out of these AND they look totally natural not like little blobs of acrylic on the tips of my nails.
