5	If you need a great car detailer then here's my recommendation. Xtreme Green Auto Detailing made my car look showroom ready. Owner, Stephanie Douglas is the best & she treats your car like it's hers unlike a lot of others that I have used in the past.
5	I really Love the whole idea of mobile detailing because it makes things so convenient to get your car cleaned. I'm a mother of two and my kids are carted around quite often in my light interior, cloth seated car,  so needless to say, my seats and floor had a few smudges that I just didn't have time to scrub out myself. So when I say this company satisfied me, that's an understatement. I've had my car for about 2 years, and I don't remember if it came off the lot looking as good, lol!              Very professional and extremely courteous.  If you want to feel proud to ride around in your vehicle and feel like you just drove it off the lot again. ...give them a call!!!  You won't be disappointed!
5	I cannot recommend Stephanie with Xtreme Green Auto Detailing enough.  In a very, very short period of time, I decided to sell my car to buy a new one.  While I've taken it to Autobell in the past, my car needed a SERIOUS detail job and deep cleaning in preparation to sell it.  I reached out to Stephanie on a Monday and had an appointment by Wednesday (she got back to me within 20 minutes of sending the request).  Not only that, I forgot to leave my car key for the original appointment.  Stephanie was so accommodating and scheduled me for the exact same time for the very next day.  She arrived at 2:30 and didn't leave until almost 7:00 p.m. (yes, she comes to you...very convenient). When I took a first look around the car it was absolutely immaculate, it seriously looked like a brand new car inside and out.  She did such a good job she got several requests from my neighbors to come back to do their cars.  The payment method is also very convenient, you can either pay cash or she sends you the invoice via email and you can pay online.  The price is also very reasonable considering the amount of work she does.  I paid $165 for the entire detail.  It covers cleaning every single surface and crack in the inside of my car (steaming and spot cleaning the carpets, cleaning and conditioning all the leather, etc.) as well as a complete clean, wax, and seal on the exterior...tires and windows included. To be honest, the price for the detail is worth twice what I paid for it. Of all the services I've had on my car, this detailing was by far the highest in quality, the most convenient to my schedule, and came with absolutely excellent service. Not only that, the products she uses are environmentally friendly and doesn't make your car smell like chemicals for the next week.  If you are in the Charlotte area and need your car cleaned look nowhere else than Xtreme Green.
5	Stephanie does an AMAZING job!! I highly recommend her and the car wash services!!! She is a delightful person and dedicated and passionate about her work!!!
5	Stephanie did an amazing job on my Porsche and bmw! I would definitely highly recommend her to all my friends and family, the price is good and she comes to you. I can get use to this every couple weeks!
