5	They haven't had their grand opening yet, but once word gets out, this place will be very popular!!Menu isn't huge, but has a great selection of appetizers and main course meals. Start you off with customary colorful chips & salsa - we ordered the guacamole which came out on a bed of lettuce and was enough to satisfy 6 people...Nice helping! :)I had the Tortilla soup which was to die for and I highly recommend it! Main course was the carne asada enchilada. It was comparable to the carne asada you'd find in a California mexi stand. The red sauce was not too spicy and had a great flavor to it. For desert I had the strawberry cake - YUM...but didn't compare to the banana burrito...Holy cow that was good! Prices were average and the staff were very friendly and on top of things - Glasses were never empty. They have tvs all around playing awesome 80's Motley Crue videos the whole time! When dinner was over the whole family was treated with a complimentary airbrush tattoo.We will be going again when we are on this side of town.TIP: Park behind the sports book as it is located right inside the entrance.
2	Where do I start?  With the jarred salsa?  The crappy overly salted, thick chips?  The plastic plates?  The fact that they ask you when you order how you'll pay and then take your credit card up front?NOTHING in this place was made here, it was all from a can, jar or bag.  Plus I had to listen to and watch Motley Crue the entire time.  What a total waste of calories.  Although it was happy hour and 3 of us walked out for $30 I'd much rather have better food.  WOW - this Mexican place really knows how to suck the flavor out of food.....
1	My husband and I stopped by for their Happy Hour, starting at 2 pm....  very over syrupy "house margarita" featured at 1/2 price....  with very little alcohol... only beers at happy hour prices were Mexican beers....chips with the nachos were so thick... fish tacos were good...  Everything served on plastic plates with a plastic fork... asked for a spoon and they 'didn't have any".....  very disappointed.
2	Sorry, this was a place to hang out before we left the LVH for the airport after our conference. It was meh...margarita prices were good during the happy hour; however, it needed more alcohol...very sour and tart but all I tasted was the margarita mix.The waitress was very nice and very helpful; however the happy hour deals were rockin margaritas, Mexican beers and appetizers were 50% off. I didn't care for the margarita and I don't drink beer, so I ordered a glass of Cabernet. It was meh...nothing to write home about.We ordered the chicken taquitos and noted that they were the same as the frozen ones that she buys for her kids at Costco...no good! Meat was mushy...sorry Vince Neil, it was just ok.
3	I was a bit hesitant to eat here because of the reviews but I had a voucher so I ate here anyway.  I ordered the 3 item combo (2 fish tacos and 1 chicken taco).  The fish tacos were good but the chicken taco was EXTREMELY dry and the meat was stringy/flaky.  Needless to say, I should have gone with the 3 fish tacos but the rice and beans that came with the dish weren't too bad.  I filled up on the chips and salsa, which I thought were excellent and the waiter refilled the chips without even asking us.My only complaint is that no one sat us at a table until we actually walked to the table area.  Otherwise, the food was nothing special but decent for a hotel restaurant.  I don't think I'd normally pay their regular price but that's just me.
1	HORRIBLE!!! We were staying at the LVH (that's another low rating) and went to the "happy hour". I ordered the margarita and I couldn't even drink it! It was so sour! The so called appetizers were half off during the "happy" hour. We ordered the nachos and quesidilla. These were served with plastic plates and plastic forks!! Really? Vince, you should be ashamed to have your name on this place! I could get better nachos at a ball park! The runny canned cheese was watery and the meat was most likely microwaved. The chips were just like the huge cheap bag you get at Costco. I asked for water and was served a small plastic cup of ice water. We ate a few bites of the quesidilla and nachos and had to hunt down the waitress to pay! The waitress was inattentive too. The only reason this is getting a 1 star is for the cool decor! I do not recommend this place or the hotel LVH. This place should be featured on Restaraunt Impossible!
1	I would put 0 stars if it was an option....Pros:Absolutely nothingCons:-Plastic plates and silverware-Terrible service-Taquitos that are the frozen kind you buy at the grocery store, seriously?! For being an establishment in Vegas, step your game up. This place is just absolutely terrible
2	Don't get me started with this place. If you've been here before you already know! I was here for a business meeting and the nachos were just horrible! What is that? Velveeta?! It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant. I'd say it's slightly better than the nachos at taco bell/del taco but if you don't try this place, you're not missing out. Trust.
4	The chips and salsa were delicious, and the quesadilla was yummy. The margaritas were great, but a bit pricey! A nice rock atmosphere.
1	This place was terrible!!!! DO NOT waste your money!!!! Frozen food, salsa from the jar and chips from the bag! Awful!!!!
1	Decided to eat here late at night because the LVH has (questionably) no other food options beyond 8pm. The "restaurant" is tucked away into a small corner of the hotel next to the Paradise Cafe, and arguably it exists within a corner of what was once part of the Paradise Cafe. It appears as though someone went on Storage Wars, won a locker full of pictures of Vince Neil and figured that opening this "Cantina" was the only way to recoup their fifteen dollars. If you've eaten at the Paradise Cafe, imagine if the walls were painted orange, adorned only with dozens of pictures of Vince Neil, as Motley Crue music videos played in an endless loop, and you have Vince Neil's Cantina. The menu is more or less the menu from Paradise Cafe with random Motley Crue song titles assigned to random dishes. The staff was friendly but the food was not good. The fries we got were not seasoned and were undercooked drastically, and the chicken tenders were also not seasoned. Do not waste your time or money here, you can see pictures of Vince Neil for free on Google.
1	This place is gross and the atmosphere is really really annoying. Who gives a fux about Vince Neil anyways? Food was typical vegas gross
3	If you are staying at the LVH and need a quick bite or margarita, I would recommend stopping by for some quesadillas and a drink.  I did not have a full meal, so cannot comment on the rest of the menu.  It was a pleasant place to enjoy a drink, but you do have to listen to all Motley Cru music, as you might imagine.
5	Loved the shrimp tacos here!!! They were super tasty and had just the right amount of spice to them. The order comes with 3 tacos, chips and guacamole...good amount of food for the price! The atmosphere of the restaurant is really fun too and I got great service.
2	If you're prone to getting seizures, this isn't the restaurant for you. They have tv monitors ONLY playing Motley Crue's live shows with TONS of flashing lights. It was really annoying to see it in the corner of my eye, in front of me, EVERYWHERE as I tried to eat.Our waiter was really nice and accommodating. The chips and salsa were pretty good! Warm crunchy chips, and not bad salsa. I got the pork enchiladas $13.95- and it was yummy. Very cheesy, and a good amount of everything. It was inhaled. My mom got just a bean and cheese burrito, but she didn't enjoy it very much.My dad got tostada plate for $12.95 and he really enjoyed it. He loved the guacamole, but I actually thought it was kind of gross. LOL. Wouldn't come back though.
4	Great food! Decor was nice. Saw some great Videos that I have not seen for a while. If your staying at the LVH check it out.
1	First off the hostess was not very nice. Throwing our menus down and walking away. After about 5 minutes we were given chips and salsa that tasted like it came out of a bag & a jar. We ordered some chicken strips that tasted like fish! I think your restaurant needs a makeover not only with the servers but the menu as well. We will NOT be returning.
1	I went here with some coworkers after a long day setting up for CES.  We were sat right underneath one of the TVs, which had its volume turned all the way up.  If it was played through an actual sound system and not the TV speakers, I don't think we would have minded, but we used an IR blaster phone app to turn the TV off, because they wouldn't turn the volume down for us (despite multiple requests and assurances that it would be taken care of).I couldn't tell what brand of tortilla chip they used, but it was likely Mission, albeit a bit stale.  The salsa, for what it was, wasn't too bad.  Definitely not fresh-made.To drink, I got the house margarita (since it was half off), and it was watered down.  The ice used was very fine but not blended, and drank like the crushed ice from a 7-11.  They don't have pitchers of margaritas, which was a bit of a disappointment.The menu has *very* similar options to the restaurant next door, and from what I can tell, they are both supplied by the same kitchen.  Nothing really had much flavor in terms of appetizers (we had the "tex-mex" eggrolls, chicken tenders, and buffalo wings), with the exception being the last item, which were surprisingly decent.For dinner, I got the chicken salad, which consisted primarily of shredded lettuce, with hints of the other ingredients.  The pickled jalapenos were pretty tasty, and they went light on the dressing, which is how I like my salads.  The chicken was the primary problem - lukewarm and very dry; not just overcooked, but "overcooked and left out for a few hours" kind of dry.  A coworker had the same thing as me, and experienced the same problem.My other coworkers all ordered some variant of the Mexican food that this place offers, and had nothing great to say.  A Chevy's will make better Tex-mex than what they had here.In short, the food ran us the price of a middle-lower-end buffet, and was definitely not up to par.
1	Wish I had read the reviews before going there this evening.  Food was blah.... Mexican my ass. I had fish tacos, I've had better at most fast food joint. My friend had taquitoes " not sure I spelled that right" I think they bought them at Costco.  She didn't even eat them. On to the margaritas..... what can I say all juice. I didn't taste tequila at all. I know you can argue a good drink doesn't taste like alcohol.  You're right, but tequila has a distinct taste....you know it's there, well it wasn't.  Dummy us we even order the big one. Lesson learned....read the damn reviews,  that's what they are there for!
1	Avoid at all costs. The service was horribly slow. The draft beer machine was down, they were completely out of craft beers and do you think they even comped us a crappy Bud Light? Nope! The manager was full of excuses though.
4	Happy hour is what it is, decent margaritas, great service(hard to find a great old school bartender like Armando), nachos were good(more stadium style than gourmet) so we were happy, at half price happy hour really good.  LVH has many shows so we will probably make this a regular joint.  They do play motley crue vids nonstop, which is OK with us.  One negative, plastic silverware and plates???  Still going back for the vibe and cool bar.
2	Total Cheez Whiz decor. It's like a Vince Neil tribute to himself. Server was kind of funny, but that about it.
1	Yesterday I dined at the Vince Neil's restaurant inside circus circus. I was very disappointed. I ordered buffalo wings. Half of them were fried the other half were baked .what was going through the cooks mind perhaps anything will do just get it out there .I can get a bad meal back home . E Lewis .
5	Awesome!  We stopped here by chance and boy are we glad we did. The entertainment was the key. Free magic and guitar playing was phenomenal. The food was ok. The venue was cool. Service good. If you want to see a good show for free drop in at 9pm. Well worth it.
1	We went to eat ...Things that went wrong.. 1. Guacamole was not fresh it tasted just like the one Costco sells2. Chips were stale3. I ordered the jambalaya. It looked very good until I got to the rice.. rice was raw4. Tomatoe on jambalaya tasted like fr the can6. Only had like 2 slices of sausage real thin7. Music to to to loud almost blew my ear drum8. 45 min to bring warm... not hot food.. just warmI forgot what my wife order but that was decentOn the jambalaya shrimp and chicken was cooked rightNow you are probably wondering why I did not complain.  At that moment my wife was to hungry and I I also did not want to ruin her vegas trip... Will I ever eat there.... nope.. will I recommend this place nope..... vince u have very good music.... time to step up and fix the issues in your restaurant
1	If you like nachos with cheese whiz, this is your place.  We ordered the meat nachos and they didn't even have meat.  Go anywhere else.
2	Horrible mismatch decor, food was so-so, salty stale chips, flavorless salsa, doughy chile relleno. Blech.
1	Took 20 minutes for store bought chips and salsa. Enough said. I posted the previous 2 sentences approximately 30 minutes ago as a tip and am still sitting here waiting for my bill (had to hunt down the waitress for it). The place is maybe half full and there are 3 others tables in the same situation as us. There is a table with dishes and half eaten food that hasn't been bussed even though the patrons left half an hour ago. Seriously. Awful.
1	service extremely slow, ordered chicken tacos and was given steak, ordered buffalo wings and was given boneless chicken, portions were small, steak not cooked correctly.  definitely will not return.
1	Terrible. Terrible service!!! Won't give you food to go, ridiculous. No hostess to seat me had to flag someone down when there was maybe 3 guests in the restaurant. Then they won't even allow you to order the full menu at the bar! This place needs some tips on customer service.
3	Good food. Good happy hour pricing. Points docked for using plastic plates and utensils and for not having a full menu for happy hour. Only appetizers. Food was worth it. Good value.
3	Stayed at the LVH for a couple nights and couldnt beleive there wasnt a 24hr restaurant at all. Plus no room service menu. This restaurant was 50/50. Open till midnight which was a plus bc there wasn't anything open that's wasnt high end and we werent looking to apend a silver dollar. Went down there a bit after 11 for dinner. I liked how the bar seating was seperate from the dining room. Very spacious. There was no host/hostess at the door. We had to get a hold of a waiter to be seated. We chose a booth in the dining area which was cozy and quiet. The waiter was very pleasant but forgot to bring more chips and salsa when we ran out and asked for more, but did hook us up at the end and give us a box to go for later snacking. I ordered a bowl of the vegetarian soup which was delicious I would definitely order it again. My bf ordered the chicken enchiladas he enjoyed his dish as well.  The waiter took a long time to bring us our bill, think he went on break we had to grab someone else and they got him. Pricing was average for a casino. We would go back again for the food but not the service. When a restaurant is pretty empty you're service should be prompt.
2	The videos were awesome. When I sat down "Smoking in the Boys Room" was on. Not one of my favorite Crue songs. But then it started a run of all of my favorite Crue songs in a row, including Corabi's "Hooligan's Holiday" (which I'm surprised they run) and the criminally underrated "Hell on High Heels". That was amazing! But that's about where it stops. The place was pretty dead. Although in fairness to them, it was 5 p.m. on a busy holiday weekend (conference championship games),so it's not like anybody was in Vegas. Yes, I'm being facetious about that. I was actually kind of bummed it wasn't more happening. I also went back there for late-night happy hour after the Rock Vault show. Why and the heck is this place not next to the theater where the Rock Vault show plays? Talk about poor planning. I mean, Rock Vault, Vince Neil. What am I missing here? Instead it's tucked down a long hall way. Which might be for the best. Because the food isn't great. I have suspicion it's just Smart and Final boxed Mexican food being served. Although, that might be mean to Smart and Final. I really wanted to love this place. I'm coming back for the Guns 'n Rose show in June and my friend really wants to go here. But I don't know if I can allow that. Which breaks my heart.
4	Went there with a group of friends for happy hour after the Rock Vault show. Everyone had a blast. Large portions and great value with half priced appetizers and drinks.
2	Let's preface this review with acknowledging the fact that I am a big Motley Crue and Vince Neil fan.That being said... I was disappointed and quite unimpressed with my experience at Tatuado.  The hostess was confused and uncertain of her job.  A server stopped her while she was escorting us to our table and was quietly "yelling" at her while pointing and gesturing (I wanted to say "Excuse me... Can you wait until she isn't WITH a customer to do this?").  Our waiter was "ok", but also seemed a little dazed and confused.  The food.  Well... Guacamole was all right, I suppose.  Chips were semi-stale, and the sour cream was a little too warm for my liking.  Everything seemed pretty generic from the Chicken Nacho appetizer to the Enchiladas, and Buffalo Wings.  Margaritas were pretty standard, except with Vince's tequila from his Tatuado branding.  This is definitely somewhere I wanted to experience being a fan, but it is also a "one-and-done" for me.  I wont be returning unless some major shakeup happens and the reviews for this place become stellar over a period of time... and I will keep an eye out for that as I have seen stranger things!  Vince:  Your music is great, your tattoo shop is damn good... why not hire a more competent management staff for your restaurant to keep up the quality?  #Disappointed.
1	Stayed at the LVH for a work event with my hubby. Tatuado was a last resort restaurant because there aren't many dining options at the hotel. Arrived about 8:30pm on Saturday night and the place was completely DEAD. Food was okay. Drinks were good. Weird deco/theme going on-- it is Vince Neil's resto, so there is rock decor-- pics and guitars on the wall-- but there is also tropical themed carpet, asian inspired chairs, weird vinyl over hard wood tables. More like a hodge podge of different restos all thrown together-- in speaking to our waiter the name alone has changed names/owners three times over the last fewyears. Wow. So sorry to be so honest, but in my opinion it is very ugly inside and there is a disconnect between the overall theme (rock) and the decor. If I were Vince Neil I would not be proud to say that this is my restaurant. Overall, just plain weird. Would not recommend.
3	I cracked up at all of the bad reviews this place has, lol.My experiences here haven't been terrible but they definitely could use some improvement. My biggest gripe is with the service. There is NEVER  a host or hostess standing at the front and we ALWAYS have to go looking for one to be assisted. The employees standing at the bar will even see you looking for someone and still won't greet you or come over to you. I guess they have adopted the "that's not my job" mindset. This is so odd to me.The actual wait staff is decent here, and are always prompt with refilling drinks and honoring whatever requests you may have. They do take forever drop off and collect your tab, which is my biggest pet-peeve at restaurants because when I'm ready to go, I'm ready to go. The setup of the place is really roomy and is arranged well. The booths are comfortable and the tables and chairs are always clean. They have these pretty cool decorative fans on the ceiling, and--much to my disdain--they have Motley Crue videos playing on every TV screen in the joint. Shoot me, now. The food is pretty average here. I've had the carne asada wet burrito, chicken enchiladas, beef & chicken taquitos, beef & fish tacos, chicken tortilla soup, and chips & salsa. They all hit the spot and left me satisfied, so no complaints about the food. I am not picky when it comes to Mexican food but apparently, other reviewers are. lol.The prices are "meh". For what you're getting, everything should be under $10 but you're looking at more of the $11-$20 range, which kind of irritates me everytime and makes me reluctant to even order. But it's Las Vegas and everything seems to be more costly here everywhere you go. Vince Neil's Tatuado Cantina is pretty good though, overall. Anytime I'm inside or near LVH, I'd hit this place up for some decent Mexican.
1	Awful. Just plain awful. I was born and raised in Las Vegas, and am still a local and I was extremely disappointed. The service was not great, and for $16 I expected to have a MUCH better tasting carne asada burrito. The burrito was cold, the carne asada was dry, the beans tasted like they came from a can, and there was barely any cheese. Everyone in my group was local, and we all agreed that the food was terrible. The chips and salsa also taste store bought and stale. Don't waste your money. I would have thought that with an owner living in town, the quality control would have been better.
1	Service sucks, food sucks, life sucks. If you come here, you will feel the same. Oh yeah, my friends chair is gonna fall apart. I will update with a photo if it does.
2	Oh Vince, living here in Vegas you should know better. First of all, the chips and salsa, really? If you are going to have a southwest/ Mexican style restaurant, the lowest expectation is that you have fresh chips. Bagged chips are not acceptable. The food was mediocre at best. We got a beef burrito with no beans, it came with only rice inside, no beef! The only reason I'm not giving 1 star is because the margarita was good and the service was good.
2	I reaaaaaly want to like this place because it's the only option at the lvh. please please please hire someone else in the kitchen. it wouldn't be hard. 1 month; it would be a different place. I promise. maybe one week.
1	The food was not good period.  The rolled tacos that my wife got were the exact same Delimex microwave rolled tacos we get from Cosco, and the tamales that I ordered turned out to be the same ones I ended out getting from the Gold Coast buffet for lunch the next day.
4	I'm am very surprised by all the bad reviews.  We were here in June...for a conference...this was the only restaurant in the hotel that was opened at the late hour.  The food was fantastic & our servers were great.  There were maybe 4 other customers in the space...We both enjoyed our food...BF had the chili relleno...he said it was the best he'd ever tried.  The food portions were very large...luckily we had a fridge up in our room, but no microwave to warm it up the next day.  Our waitress, Josefina was great...we ate here 3X during our stay at the LVH...would definitely come back if ever in the area.
1	All I can say about this place is SO NOT WORTH THE MONEY. Our service was slow and it wasnt even full. The food was cold and tasted old. The best thing I had here was my drink and buffalo wings. Let's just say I will NOT be returning here.
2	I got a Groupon and wish I would have checked Yelp first.  My story is the same as a lot of the others.  Waited FOREVER at the hostess station while the bartender and waitresses could clearly see us.  Walked up to the restaurant part where a sign said to check in with the hostess (no where in sight) so went back to the hostess stand.  Finally went up and asked if we were in the wrong spot was told to go into the restaurant (despite the sign).  After another long wait, she finally came over.  Food was mediocre at best.  Agree - store bought, stale chips and store bought guacamole for $8!  Even with the Groupon, definitely not worth it.
3	As a long time Crue fan this place was heaven to me. Only because I loved the memorabilia and non stop videos playing the whole time we were there.Other than that....the reviews are spot on.Where is the service? Why aren't they seeing this and doing something about it?No one at the front when you walk in. The restaurant was pretty dead on a Sunday evening.Food was just ok. Mexican food. Nothing spectacular. We saw our server a couple of times but I'm glad we didn't need anything or we probably would've had to hunt her down or serve ourselves.Would I go back? Probably. But just to have drinks and watch videos.
2	We were tired from doing tourist crap all day and came back to our cheapie hotel, the LVH, to cool the heels. By dinner time we were too tired to go anywhere else so gave this place a shot. Unlike others, we were actually greeted immediately and seated. From there on, please trust the other reviews and go elsewhere. At 6 on a Sunday nite the place was a ghost town with only 2 other tables seated and Motley Crue music videos blaring. I get the Vince Neil connection but this was over-the-top annoying. Our server was good, very attentive, which frankly we expected with the lack of other customers. Food was very blah. As others noted, chips and salsa were right out of the grocery store, fish tacos were fried/microwaved, and beef "machaca" tacos were just cold mushed meat. Ugh. We were tired, it was food and no one got sick so I guess it ended OK. Overall, stay away from this restaurant and more to the point, the LVH in general. New ownership is destroying the place, literally and figuratively.
1	Where to start.....after waiting forever for a table (6 total people in the restaurant) plus 3 servers, we're served store bought (waiter admitted) chips.   Food is definately nothing to write about, it was NOT GOOD!  Spicy just to be spicy, you couldn't taste the food itself it was too HOT!!  The only good thing, the "local" discount!  Don't waste your time here!!'
1	Vince Neal. You son of a b**ch! ! You've got some nerve! There's no way Vince ever ate here, cause either the food would have killed him or he would have killed himself out of shame or retribution to the people who accidentally ate there like me. Better options: Taco Bell in an outhouse, vending machine food at a state prison, or your vomit out of the toilet you just puked in. Instead of incarcerating Vince for this crime on humanity, Vince's punishment should be the Vince "Neal tatuado experience": waiting forever, for horrible food, and being forced to listen to his terrible music that was relevant for about 5 seconds 100 years ago.
