5	FINALLY.  The New Orleans inspired and decorated Mimi's Cafe has arrived in Charlotte.  I used to frequent the Mimi's in Orlando for brunch, lunch, and dinner often and I am so glad they've finally opened one up in Charlotte.  I love the unique menu selections and -- pardon the NOLA pun -- "jazzed" up traditional American items.   This past weekend, we went for brunch, and I was sad to see the crabcake benedict missing from the menu.  Although good, but not as tasty, I tried the Tuscan Vegetable Omelette which was supposed to be spinach & artichoke dip in an omelette, but it was more like just artichokes...without the dip.  It was still good, though, but next time I'll stick with one my other favorites:  Cajun Chicken Sausage & Eggs or Crab & Avocado Omelette.  As usual, my egg dish came with one of Mimi's huge, fresh muffins.  I went with their seasonal pumpkin one (instead of my favorite buttermilk spice), and I wasn't disappointed!My partner had their seasonal Pumpkin Pancakes.  They were SO full of delicious autumnal flavor that the caramel cinnamon apples on top was overkill.  'Tis the season for pumpkin, but try 'em without the apples!  We were a little concerned that the service wasn't going to be very good as it took our server Ty a little while to first visit our table with all the new tables she'd just been sat, but once she did arrive, everything went very smoothly from then on and she provided excellent service.We can't wait to go back for brunch again...and lunch and dinner!
2	I went to Mimi's for breakfast/brunch and was diappointed.  The food was ok and the prices were a bit on the high side.  Service was decent but my expectations for this place were high and I was disappointed.
3	A friend invited me to have dinner at Mimi's and I was really excited when I looked the menu. I wish I wouldn't have had such high expectations because I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the Fillet of "Soul" with fresh vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes. The potatoes were well-seasoned but the fish was not and the vegetables were nothing spectacular. I have since been back a couple of times and sampled the Chicken Tostada Salad and the Honey Dijon Salmon. All the dishes I have tried have been average. It's a decent place to go for a relatively inexpensive meal but its very similar to a T.G.I. Fridays or Applebees.
2	Maybe it's this location, but I haven't been THAT impressed with the food here the couple of times i've visited. The Mimi's in Orlando are much better.I went with a friend this past weekend and I can say that I was disappointed with the wait staff again. The 1st time I went, we had some ditsy air head blonde that obviously didn't pay attention in science class and the rules of displacement. I had asked for a cup of hot water to place a bottle in it, she brings me a full glass of water and gets upset when I tell her it's too full. What does she do? Pours a little bit out and brings it back, so I made sure I made a nice watery mess for her to clean up later. This time around, our waiter wasn't hitting on all cylinders either. We place an order for the garlic fries appetizer and he asks us if we wanted ranch to go with it, so we say yes. Needless to say, we got our appetizer AFTER our meals come out and the manager apologizing over and over again for a $2.99 food item. Ok, apologize once and that should be fine. This guy over did it.On my 1st trip, I ordered the honey Dijon pork chops and they weren't too bad. The Dijon over powered the meat but I am glad that it did. The pork chop was dry and didn't have much flavor to it to begin with. The garlic mashed potatoes were pretty good, but that was about it. On this trip I ordered the French Quarter burger and specifically asked no pickle, tomato, or onions. Sadly, I had half an onion on my burger and pickles. Once I got through picking apart my burger and putting on mayo, it was OK. It had avocado pieces, swiss cheese, and thousand island dressing. For dessert, I had the apple crisp. This was fantastic and I would recommend everybody to try it. They come in 2 sizes, a nice small portion, or a really big one where you have to have at least 2 people eating on it. It comes topped with vanilla bean ice cream. Something nice to have on a cold and rainy night. Overall, I don't think I will be going back here too often. The wait staff is lacking and the food needs help.
2	As far as food goes, I didn't try anything special...others can give you a more helpful review of the food.The Friday lunch service was pretty bad, though. It took our waiter longer than expected to show up for drink orders. It got worse from there. My guest ordered the bottomless soup and salad combo. When the food finally arrived -- again, more slowly than it should have -- she got her soup, but not the salad. Her soup was gone before the salad arrived. She had to ask another wait to bring it, and to bring another serving of soup. By the time her soup refill came, my meal was done. Drink refills were a problem, too.It wasn't like you could blame the lunch rush: We arrived around 1:15 and were seated immediately.Disappointing. The menu looked intriguing, but that's no cure for poor service.
4	I've been here once. My breakfast enchiladas were awesome. Spicy, spicy!!!
3	For a chain it's not bad but avoid it like the plague on Sunday morning unless you love a massive crowd and tons of crying babies. If you like to eat a big breakfast though this place is pretty generous.
2	"Of all the restaurants in this town, I had to walk into this one..." and unfortunately made the same mistake again a few more times.  I can attest that I'm not a glutton for punishment, but I really wanted this place to live up to it's atmosphere, and there's great potential there.  I would also like to add, in my defense, that it was just across the street- Which should've made for a quick lunch.As soon as you step inside the dimly lit entry, you get the connection to New Orleans and the French Quarter by the infinite amount of items plastered around the walls.  They will come in handy when you're trying to pass the "infinite" amount of time it takes to get your order taken.  Of the four times I've walked through their doors, our table left once because of a 20 minute wait with no service, and complimentary desserts were served another time because of 45 minutes with no food.Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me four times, shame-shame on me.  If you're dragged to this place, get the chicken pot pie.  Everything else is mostly non-eventful or tastes like a highly-priced Bob Evans dish.
2	I'm always excited about going to Mimi's, but get disappointed every time. Except for their breakfast (which is hard to mess up) everything I've tried is lacking. The menu needs to be smaller and the food needs to be better quality. I so want to like this place... guess I just can't catch the Mardi Gras spirit!
4	OK, been wanting to try this place but the reviews were really not that great.  But last night my wife and myself were in the area and thought we'd give it a try.  And what a very pleasant surprise it turned out to be. First of all, loved the way the place is laid out and the decor.  The menu, gawd was it great to go in a restaurant in Charlotte that's menu wasn't tex-mex, Chinese, Italian or the never ending bar food .  I had the Asparagus and brie quiche, my wife had the turkey and dressing. Mine also came with a bowl of French Onion soup.  Soup was excellent as was the quiche.   Mine also came with some nice fruit and a excellent mixed green salad.  Everything was excellent. Only possible complaint, they brought my soup after the main course.  But still a great change of pace from the usual microwave food served in most Charlotte restaurants.  Oh, waitress warned us not to come on a Sunday morning, long lines and a long wait.  But we're certainly going back there, I have to place it on my ten best restaurants in Charlotte list.Wow,  its amazing how inconsistant the reviews are.Looks like it pretty much depends on whos working when you get there.  This is something the management needs to address.
3	After about 20 u-turns I finally pulled into Mimi's expecting a great breakfast.  Mimi's is located in a busy area, crowded with restaurants and retail, but it is a terrible location!  It's hard to see from the street and the entrance/exit is tricky.  Anyway, I have only been to one other Mimi's (on several occasions) and the food was always very good.  I have eaten there once or twice for dinner and it was pretty typical fare, but the breakfast has always been a standout for me.  The pancakes at "my" Mimi's were daydream worthy.  So, kids and I arrive expecting similar fare.  I must say I was kind of sad.  I ordered pancakes for all three of us and they were less than impressive. They were literally "flat as a pancake" (couldn't resist)!  They were so super thin and wimpy.  I think the batter maker was having an off day.  I have eaten much better pancakes at IHOP.  My son's chocolate chip pancakes were just regular pancakes with some chips sprinkled on top.  Seriously?  I ordered the seasonal pumpkin pancakes with cinnamon apples.  They were almost too sweet to eat.  Bummer.  The bacon was great though.  The muffins going by looked awesome and I almost ordered one, but didn't want to look like a total piggo with my already full plate in front of me so I stopped myself.  The muffins are always a Mimi's highlight.  But, the upside to Mimi's is that we had a great waitress.  I'd peg her as career type waitress, super professional and on top of everything.  All of the other staff were friendly and helpful.  The place was clean and neat and charming in that comforting always-the-same chain restaurant kind of way.I would def. give Mimi's at least one more try because I know the potential is there, but if it is a dud again then I am off to brave the IHOP crowd.
2	Being in Charlotte on business for two weeks, I gave Mimi's a try three times.  After three times I decided not to go back.  The food is just ok.  Don't go expecting a WOW experience.  Food presentation is not bad, but taste and price could be much better...
2	I ate here last year and I remember the food being good, and the menu as diverse with a Southern influence. Tonight, the food sucked pretty bad. My daughter's chicken parmesan was dry and overcooked, and the pasta was dry. My food was ok. The beneighs tasted as if they hadn't changed the grease is a while. I was really disappointed. They comp'ed my daughters dinner and sent us home with a 6 pack of muffins. Would not go back. The mistakes made were too egregious.
2	The food was good - easily worth 3.5 stars.  But the service?  Ay-ay-ay!We went here last Sunday to celebrate an occasion - so there were about 20 of us.  We were promptly seated in the reserved area in the back, and given a prix fixe menu. The waitress sat down at the head of our table and announced how tired she was.  Then the train jumped the tracks.  When it was my turn to order a drink, the waitress seemed nonplussed that I'd asked what beers they had on hand, and promised to get back to me.  It took a while, and then she could remember only three of them.  By the time we got to order our food, everyone else's drinks had arrived... but mine.  (I just wasn't ready to capitulate and have sweet tea or water like everyone else!)About 20 minutes after ordering, the food started to arrive (still no beer).  ...and that's when the manager came out to say they'd run out of what was on the prix fixe menu, and would we mind ordering something else?  (Mind you, they knew we were coming FOUR days ahead of time, and THEY were the ones that came up with the menu.  HOW could they run out?!?)When I went to place my alternate order, I told the waitress that I wanted my beer FIRST, and then my food.  (Silly me... it took another 10 minutes to get the beer, and 20 after that to get the food!)  Seriously, there were folks in our group that had finished dessert before others got their entrees.Okay - now that I got that out of my system, let me say that the Jambalaya was very respectable, and the apple cobbler was terrific!  I just couldn't believe the waitress waited until she'd served dessert to ask if anyone wanted her to put on a pot of coffee.  (Sigh...)
2	I visited Mimi's Cafe this past Friday as part of a "supper club" group that meets at different restaurants once a week. So keeping in mind we had a larger party, I have to say I was not super impressed. I ordered the Asparagus and Brie quiche. Was told a few minutes later that they were out of it, so I settled on the Quattro Fromage quiche instead. This is listed as one of their newer menu items. One of my fellow diners got a salad which came with a HUGE blueberry muffin. This thing was enormous. We already had baskets of bread on the table, so It was a bit confusing why the salad came with a muffin, but apparently muffins are kind of their "thing". Anyway, this thing was VERY filling. We all had a taste of it and there was still some left over. A very cake-y texture, and heavy. Next, the soup that came with my quiche came out. I had the daily special, Chicken Gumbo. I was pretty disappointed in the soup. It was a very small toureen of soup and there were huge hunks of celery and small bites of chicken in a pretty bland, thick broth. I'm not a big fan of celery, and I know places use it as an inexpensive "filler" vegetable, but the celery to soup ratio was kind of off considering what a small portion of soup you got. The quiche was ok. The crust was plain and did not taste as though it was freshly made- more like they came pre-prepared and were just filled with whatever at the restaurant. Also, it was supposed to have sundried tomatoes in it, and I found two very small hunks of tomato in mine. For a quiche that was nearly 6" across, that was disappointing. Also, for a quiche that was named "Quattro Fromage", the cheese flavor was sadly lacking. For the next part of my review I will offer a qualification. I am not sure if Mimi's is intended for kids or not. They do have a nice kids' menu so I assume it's not uncommon for people to bring kids. That said, my kids' meals were a bit of a surprise. My one kid had applesauce as a side and I had to request a spoon just so he could eat it. He also had spaghetti with marinara sauce which was lukewarm at best. My other kid ordered mini corn dogs, and I had to request ketchup for him as well since it isn't provided on the table. Also, if you opt for the fruit as a side on the kids meal, it comes with the rinds still attached (pineapple, honeydew, and orange slices). I was a bit surprised by that. Finally, their meals came with a "dirt cup" dessert that I thought was super cute- chocolate pudding, oreo cookie crumbles on top, and two gummy worms sticking out. I thought this would be right up my kids' alley, but they didn't like it and neither finished their dessert. Kind of strange for a 5- and 7-year-old boys to not eat dessert! Finally, I will comment on the server herself. I realise she had a bit of a hard time because their dining room is not laid out very well. Since there were 3 larger (6-7+ people) groups, she had to go all the way around three large tables to get from one end of our group to the other, as our table was up against the wall. However, I do think she could have at least tried to bus our table as we finished with things. Our table was crowded with dirty dishes we were through with that nobody ever took away. My water glass was also empty for much of my  meal, which is a pet peeve of mine. When all is said and done, Mimi's may have fared better had they not been located across from Northlake Mall. Unfortunately, there are just too many good dining options at the mall for me to honestly say I would opt to eat here again. I'm glad I gave it a try, but I was not impressed.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat - I love their Salads and the muffins are awesome... my mom and I love to duck out to lunch without the guys to this little jewel - I have found that many of the men in my life are not fans of the food here.But I love it - I have had several of the salads they are always fresh and a real variety of greens, soup is great and I loved the salmon.Service has always been good -From experience not everyone loves Mimi's but I do!
5	Killer breakfast!  Not sure why so many negative reviews were written for Mimi's, but we had a great first visit.  Blueberry cinnamon brioche french toast?  Yes please!  Free juice and muffins?  Um, yes!  Good coffee, great menu variety, and service was solid.
1	Food is never hot and the service is atrocious!
2	It can't get much more disappointing than this. I came in here with a good friend for our Valentine's night. Her boyfriend had work; me no girlfriend to speak for. So we figured "Eh, let's try this new place."From the get go it wasn't too bad - great friendly service with a smile and we were started off with a delicious chocolate red velvet cake muffin that was, as they say, to die for. But from there the service got slow and the food got worse.I ordered fried seafood platter that was named something like "Fisherman's Duo". And I wish I could remember the name exactly to tell you to AVOID it! It was served hot but I was disappointed to see what looked like two hand rolled fish patties battered and fried like glorified fish sticks alongside just FOUR crunchy, overcooked shrimp. I substituted mashed potatoes for fries and those weren't bad. My friend had a salad that looked pretty much plain and basic - I would've been disappointed to be eating that!Topping it all off the waitress was just so slow getting back to us so we could order our red wine. It ended up taking forever to even get us our wine when we did order it. I'm no connoisseur but I don't think I got the Merlot I asked for either. And at the end of the night we were practically being pushed out the door while finishing the wine they brought out to us so late. The only thing keeping them at 2 stars is that muffin.
2	I had not eaten here in more than a year, so we decided to eat dinner here. The waitress was friendly  and service was good. The food was terrible. My husband ordered the soul florentine, you could see the grease sitting on top of the fish, when he moved the breading and skin off, the fish was mushy and not cooked thoroughly. We ordered my son the corn dog kids meal. The fries were cold and old, and the corn dogs looked like they had been fried in old grease. The outer part was hard but you could see that it was not cooked completely either because the batter was oozing out. The manager came to the table to see if we wanted to order anything else but we decided not to order another entree but I did ask for a side order of fresh fries, which were great. I told the manager I not had been there in a year and I will not be back
1	This is one of the worst restaurants I have been to, the atmosphere was nice, but the food was terrible! I ordered the Mediterranean salad ($8.99) + i think $2.49 for added chicken or shrimp, and i chose blackened chicken. My boyfriend ordered the Pistachio crusted  salmon, which he described as flavorless and that the salmon tasted like a greasy piece of fish with some pistachios thrown on top. I believe it was like $13 or 14.99. My salad was small, and oddly enough it came with a freakin muffin? Not to mention the muffin was the BEST thing i tasted in there....sad,but true, the blackened chicken was the smallest little diced cubed up chicken pieces i have EVER seen, it didn't even taste as if it was blackened. The greens were wilted, and usually a $12 salad anywhere ya go is a good salad with a nice pieces of chicken cutlet, and our server was trying her  best, but came off as annoying to us unfortunately. We also ordered the appetizer of the crab fritters, i think like $5.99- and it was not great, the crab tasted old....This came off as one of those restaurants that want merely nothing but your money, the food isn't authentic whatsoever and the servers look as if they could care less..I will never be coming back to this place
2	Apparently I should try this place for breakfast (based on reviews), because for lunch/dinner it just isn't my type of restaurant. The menu choices are fairly extensive, but to me it's a close relative of a Jason's Deli-type joint, but with higher prices. The service has never been fantastic - though to be fair, it's never been terrible...so I guess right in line with my 2 star rating. My girlfriend was on a kick of liking this place for a while, and I suffered through it a few times for her sake, but luckily I've been able to avoid it recently. Perhaps we'll go for breakfast, after which I will gladly eat my words (and change my review) if it's significantly better.
1	Don't come here for dinner, although the place was nice and cosy, the food was bad...bad...bad. We had the French onion soup, the cheese on top was very under baked and gluey, the soup itself was very slaty. I had the salmon dinner, the fish was ok, but the steam vegetable had no flavor, and the brown rice was soggy. My husband's dish was a little better than mine, but still, it's just not a place to go out for...
2	My husband and I came here with a coupon (thankfully). Before we arrived, we read the mixed reviews, so our expectations were low, but we needed a bite to eat and thought we'd give it a try. I ordered the petite filet steak with vegetables and balsamic greens. Our server warned us that the portion size would be small - "Nothing like Outback". He was right. My steak was about 3" long and 2" wide. It was pretty tough as well. My husband started to order the Hibachi Salmon, but again, our server warned him that it would be nothing like "Hibachi" style - more like a glazed salmon. My husband went with the country fried steak with mashed potatoes, white gravy, and vegetables. He said it was edible, but nothing he'd return for.As new patrons we were given two muffins as we left. You can tell the management is making an effort to improve; however, with so many other food options around, there is continued room for improvement.
2	Well, I won't be going here again in the foreseeable future.We went for breakfast and the food was alright at best. My bacon was not cooked as ordered so the waiter awkwardly made me remove the bacon from my plate of food to put on a separate plate he had to take away - all the while without saying a word. Also the portions of eggs and potatoes were small. The blueberry muffin was the best part of the whole experience. The waiter was the worst part of the experience. We had Todd. I'm pretty sure you can't even call this guy a waiter. (For the record I waitressed in college so I understand how it's supposed to be done & the hardships that come along with the job). He hardly spoke to us and was beyond weird. He made my boyfriend and I feel uncomfortable and awkward during all points of interaction. Sure, he was pretty functional and brought things we asked for, but he had a better than thou sort of persona. Never asked if anything was ok, never said you're welcome to a thank you (he wouldn't say anything but just walk away), and the bored to death look never left his face. It pretty much felt he hated having to wait on us, hated his job, and hated life.The entire visit was weird and like I said, we will not be going back. I gave this place 2 stars for the fact the food was decent and the restaurant seemed clean. I would recommend to steer clear of this place unless you like mediocre food and terrible service.
3	I've been to Mimis a few times and I have to say that they are fairly inconsistent.  Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are bad.  It seems as though breakfast is usually pretty good, but dinner seems to be lacking most of the time.I went this past weekend for dinner.  I got the three course steak meal for $9.99.  I know, I should have known better, but I couldn't resist.  The salad was ok.  Then came the steak with mashed potatoes.  The steak was terrible.  It definitely had fake chargrilled marks on it.  Then came the "sundae" to finish off the meal, which turned out to be a scoop of vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup on it.  Again, I guess you get what you pay for.
3	I found it kind of strange that you get a muffin with your meal(we went at lunch time) but the muffin was absolutely delicious! I had a salad and they said the dressing was homemade... well I was not a fan of the dressing because it tasted odd and nothing like ranch dressing. But on the plus side the service was the best I have ever had.
3	Food was good will return, coffee weak, but disappointed the signature Brioche dish was really a cinnamon bun!! Way too sweet for the dish too. Do they not know the difference?
1	It is unfortunate that the service is sooo bad here and that the management doesn't even care. When I first discovered this restaurant I was so excited about the menu. The food selection and quality was excellent, but the service was some of the worst I have ever received anywhere. I always give places the benefit of the doubt as maybe it was just a rough day for everyone that I delt with. So I returned two other times before I finally had to say never again to this restaurant. My third and last attempt we took one of our out of town friends because of some of the breakfast items we raved about. We waited 35 minutes for someone to greet us. This is no exaggeration. We asked several passing by waiters and also asked to speak to a manger twice withing this time frame. When finally greeted we were greeted with the excuse "I'm going to take care of you but I wasn't supposed to be your waitress" Hmmm,,,, great introduction. Then after ordering drinks it was approximately 7 more minutes before she even returned but then said she would be back to take our order. Finally our order was placed and food came out quickly. But our drinks ran dry with our waitress never returning. We asked another waiter but still no drinks and no manager visit. After finishing our meals and waiting close to 10 more minutes for the bill with our plates piled on the edge of the table we decided to leave and ask for the bill at the front. The host was too busy talking to another employee to give us any attention so we simply said rather loudly that we are walking out on our tab if we do not receive on immediately. The host and other employee thought is was funny. We never got a tab so we decided to just leave and have never returned.
3	This was my first time at this location.  I use to go here a lot when I lived in California.  The food was very good as well as the service.  I had a turkey sandwich with French onion soup plus fries.  The soup was awesome as well as the sandwich.  Great portion size.  My only complaint is the prices are really high.  A sandwich and fries plus a cup of soup was 19.50.  That is at least $6 above normal but the quality was good.
4	What a great little restaurant - wide ranging menu, great options, good food, reasonably priced, and great place to bring kids.
1	This place is a  disaster.  I decided to try it when I drove by.  I only wanted to-go food.  The hostess/to-go server hadn't tried anything so couldn't make suggestions. I ordered two entrees and two kids meals.  She also didn't know what kind of sauces came with the chicken fingers.  After waiting 22 minutes for the food at the bar, where the bartender never greeted me, she dropped off the to-go bag at my table, said thanks and walked away.  I realized on the way home that I was missing several items, including a full entree I'd paid for.  When I called, and said who I was, she said, "yeah, you forgot your kids drinks."  Wait, I forgot them?  Me?  Did I forget to put them in the bag?  Gee, I guess I left those kids' drinks with the entree I forgot to bring, but which I'd paid for.  Man, what an awful experience.  Won't be back.
3	This is not the easiest review I've had to write. I want so bad to love this place and it has several lovable qualities. But it also has several dis-likable and even hate-able  qualities.The decor is super nice. Naulins' in Charlotte for sure. Not overly busy like an Applebee's or similar, but lots of interesting stuff to look at. The hostess was nice and got us to a table quickly which we appreciated. Our server was smiley and pretty attentive but almost blase' about service. The food is where we start really running into problems. We hit that joint on a hungry Sunday morn. We ordered drinks and my dad even mentioned how the menu pics really did a great job of selling the dishes. At our table we ordered a couple of plates of Choc Chip pancakes (fer the youngens), a Crab-cake Benedict, a Florentine Benedict, a 2 egg and bacon plate and the New Orleans omelet (Pork-apalloza would be a fair name as it had bacon, ham, sausage and andoille in it) I also ordered chipotle sauce to slather my porky beast with. My wife enjoyed the crabcake dish but the size was somewhat underwhelming. My sis-in-law loved the Florentine with the fresh spinach and hollandaisse, the eggs and bacon was reasonable and my omelet was tasty. The pancake review from my 11 year old was less than stellar when he said that Bob Evens pancakes were better.Here's the not so good stuff. My wife's plate came with green leaf lettuce as a garnish, unfortunately the lettuce was nasty! Brown and slimy at the tip. Really unappealing. Was not caught by the cook who put it there, the expediter or the waitress and food runners that helped. It really was nasty.Though its a nice touch that some of the meals come with what I believe is a house-made muffin, they are really not that great. The Chocolate Mousse muffin was passable but not memorable except in it's passable-ness.  As I've mentioned before in another review, if you make something a flagship item, then that mother better be AWESOME, not passable. As aforementioned, the server was a little blase' about service. I asked for a cup of ice to thin down my very good but thick orange juice which took way too long to receive. My dad asked for extra butter with his toast (they served 2 slices of toast with one butter pat) which first, took a while and then they gave him 4. Underkill and then overkill. Then at finishing time it took a several minutes to get the check and then I got to watch her do way to many things rather than pay out the check and get me my change. I can dig it when I server does their job in a seemingly calm and together manner, but when they can do it in that manner and get stuff done quickly it's magical. No magic this Sunday.  Here's the hate-able:Boxed frozen taters! REALLY! And not nearly enough even if they were good. My wife and I were blown away by the quality of the potato's (Not really a hash brown but rather a cubed potato thing lightly seasoned with an orange colored seasoning.) No self respecting breakfast joint should ever consider this as an option.So, not great, but also not awful. Too much Meh to give it a 4 star but not enough Meh to give it 2. I won't go out of my way to get there but will not turn down a free meal there. Eat well my friends!V-Dub
1	Chicken sandwich was barf on a bun.
3	Eaten several dishes here, all were good.    This place may be a training camp for new waiters...
5	We stopped into Mimi's Cafe yesterday evening for dinner. It was our first time dining with Mimi's. We were promptly seated and waited on by a nice gentleman. I ordered the "Fit Fare Mahi-mahi" and my husband ordered the "Fit Fare Salmon". Before our order came up our waiter brought out some fresh bread. The carrot/raisin nut bread was amazing. It was almost like having dessert before dinner. Our entrees came out shortly and were well presented. My Mahi was on a bed of spinach and brown rice with a tomato basil sauce. The meal was excellent and I ate up every bite. My hubby enjoyed his meal, as well, and loved the tomato basil sauce my entree came with. After our meal, our server brought over some complimentary muffins (one low-fat blueberry muffin and carrot/raisin muffin) since it was our first time dining there. Mimi's exceeded my expectations and I look forward to going back again when we are in the area.
3	This is a good brunch spot, but can be very crowded during the weekends...
1	Sub par food. Slow service
1	10-15 min wait for server as no one seemed to know who had which tables. Slow to get food from kitchen. 30 min.  Food barely okay. Not rushing back anytime soon.  Disappointed.
5	Have been here twice so far. Breakfast was phenomenal! We had the croissant Benedict (add tomatoes) and the brioche French toast. Service was excellent and the atmosphere was spot on. Dinner...AMAZING!!! We had the pot pie (the epitome of comfort food) and the carbonara which was perfect. Pasta was al dente and the egg on top was still a little runny which is PERFECT to me. You HAVE to try this place! If not, it's cool. We don't like it too crowded anyway ;)
2	This place needs some new management. Tables sat open and unbussed for twenty minutes while patrons at the front were told there would be a twenty minute wait before they could be seated. It took our server so long to greet us that she asked us if we were ready to order food at the same time she asked us about drinks. The food is generally okay. It's no corner bistro in Paris.
3	I have been here twice now, both times it was on an off day/time with no wait time. Servers have been attentive and kind. Ordered the same soup/salad/sandwich which was enough to share between two people. The first time the grilled cheese was better prepared as well as the soup. Won't be rushing back here, but may try it again if I am in the area again.
4	First time here. Was traveling on business.  Found it thru yelp.  Great breakfast selection.  Food came out hot and cook perfectly.  Especially the bacon.   They also have espresso and the like.  Would come back again for sure!!
4	Love their French toast breakfast. My husband and I have tried many other French toast meals at other restaurants but no one compares to Mimi's. We travel to come here for breakfast as often as we can. The servers are attentive and polite as well.
5	Loved this restuarant! Never been to one before and this one is really great. Our waiter was so pleasant and helpful, and the food blew my socks off! Will definitely be coming back here in the future!
3	I'm not familiar with Mimi's, so I popped in on the way to somewhere else.  It's pretty chain-y; doesn't look like much from the road, but there's a big parking lot, and inside, dark red accents and "French" posters.  It's popular with the after-church crowd on Sundays.  I had some kind of omelet.  I don't see any reason to go there again.  My first impression is Bob Evans:"farm"::Mimi's:"French" (except Mimi's has a smaller menu).
3	I've been to this Mimi's many times and I've had some hits and some misses with it but overall it's pretty good. The food is almost always excellent; there's really no other Cajun alternative that I've found in the area unless you go to uptown Charlotte. The service is average; I often have new or novice servers that forget things from my order or forget to bring more silverware if we have 4 people at a table set for 2, etc. I think they have a high turnover rate for servers because I never see the same server I had a month ago again. Overall it's a pretty good place to eat, especially if you go for dinner because the free bread you get is delicious. Wish they served it at lunch (and even breakfast too).
3	We eat at Mimi's about  once a month great food..  The last two times on a Sunday, yesterday to take advantage of a coupon. There is no bar tender on Sun nights. The wait staff is new and inexperienced. The manager is not a manager.!.  First Sun we ordered Martinis. They came out with far too much Vermouth. Asked the waitress who said ""no bartender,  I made them"".  Sent her back with the proper ratio. found out she was a week end sub. Service O kLast night went back because of coupon. First hint of a coming disaster was only 5 cars in lot. Was seated and sat for ever  Finally waiter came over and we Ordered two martinis and I asked the waiter if he knew how to make them.  No he didn't,  he was new, but manager would.  Told him we also wanted to order consisting of two onion soups and two entrees. He was the only wait person in the room with 5 tables of customers.  I watched as he entered the orders from all the tables and it took 20 minutes, he obviously was over his head.  Meanwhile no drinks. I got up and spoke to the manager who went off to mix the drinks, we could hear them shaking so knew there was hope. . While our waiter was trying to take care of 5 tables there were 3 employees in the bar putting up balloons and 3 others just walking around in and out the kitchen the only employee on the ball was the  bus person who tried to smooth over a bad situation. . I later asked "" why are they putting up balloons when people are not being served""., "" They're about ready to leave"", which didn't happen.   We got our drinks and then waited forever for the food which i saw sitting on the counter in front of the kitchen getting cold . I again complained and out came the soup and entree.  I said ""since day one the soup is served first followed by the entree""."" Well,the soup was entered as a side"".. "Do you still want it?  "Yes"  We ate our dinner and soup which is excellent, constantly being  barraged by questions "how is your dinner" "do you want any bread"----like you screwed up completely go away and don't make it any worse. The manager dropped off the bill saying he took off the soup and we thanked him BUT sat for ever for the credit card to be picked up to pay.Never again on Sunday
3	Instead of picking one of our "norms" for Sunday dinner, my friends and I decided to give Mimi's a try. For a Sunday night, the place was pretty empty, we were seated right away and our waiter arrived in no time. Mimi's specializes in "French inspired cuisine" and offer a variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner options. I went with their classic French Dip sandwich with the house salad as my side. The dip and creamy horseradish sauce comes on the side and if you chose you can add cheese, peppers and mushrooms. I didn't add any of that and honestly for me it was just okay. I did really like the baguette bread but it just wasn't a favorite for me. I'm going to come back, because I want to give their breakfast options a try and try one of their signature dishes like the meatloaf or chicken pot pie. Oh yeah, and there's a good amount of dessert options that I'll need to try!
5	We eat breakfast at MiMi's every weekend.  We ordered their Thanksgiving Feast.  Every bite was delicious.  When you do go in ask for Charles best server ever.
4	Went here for breakfast.  The food was fantastic and service was great.  I live nearby and was very hesitant to try this place because of the horrible reviews, but it was nothing like the bad things people said.  Definitely give it a try!
3	French food as French as Olive Garden is Italian. You'd think they would at least try to fake us into thinking they were French. But the prices? Oh yes, they are French. And the portions are French too. Neither of those are meant to be complimentary.I have only eaten at Mimi's twice, both times for office Christmas parties, so I have never seen the full menu. This year I ordered the turkey cobb salad, and it was quite tasty. If it is at all possible, there was too much bacon for my liking. I ordered the bacon vinaigrette dressing, so maybe it was bacon overload. I can attest to the skill of the staff, but occasions went smoothly, with only minimal errors with our orders. The bathroom was clean, they have some pretty interesting sink faucets. If prices were 40% less, I'd be a fan, and since the quality of the food was great, I'd have no trouble awarding 4 stars.
2	My wife, son, and I recently visited this MiMi's for the first time.  We've had bad service experiences at locations in Austin, TX and OKC, but love the food and wanted to give this location a try hoping for a better experience.  Unfortunately, it ended up being the same:  Great food, bad service.  Waited at least 10 minutes after being seated before waitress came to our table.  Then at least 10 or 15 minutes between each visit to the table.  Maybe understandable on a very busy day, but the place was pretty quiet and not even half full.  Maybe one day I'll visit one with both good food and good service.  Interesting how each has been the same, even at various spots across the country.
2	At the least the salads and bread was ok. Waited long time to be served the salad with the blue cheese or utensils. There were no refills on beverages and a filthy bathroom with overflowing garbage. It is so obvious that the employees and management just don't care.
