1	Bad customer service the female that took my order in the Drive Thur had a bad attitude. I ordered the number three double cheeseburger and fries and small drink. The food was horrible. You can tell everything comes frozen  you can taste it. I would not recommend this to anyone.
3	This location used to be a Del Taco, that went out of business. I saw that it was be reopened under the name Dita's, I have never heard of that name before and searching the web has no results, so I assume it's not a chain.They have burgers, sandwiches, chicken fingers and German sausage specialties, of Brats and Curry Sausage.I had a double cheese burger, fries and a small drink, $7.56 with tax.The meat actually had some flavor and juicyness, so many places nowadays the meat is tasteless. It's served on a normal bun, with thousand island dressing, onion, tomato, lettuce and pickles. I took the pickles off, as they were sweet pickles, which I do not care for, others may like them. I found the burger good, not as good as In & Out, but better than McD, BK and similar chain stores. The fries were typical frozen fries, somewhere between the McD shoestrings and steak fries. The sodas were the Coca Cola genre, Coke, Mr Pibb, etc..I found the staff friendly, also I thought the customers were bit over friendly welcoming me, until I realized the people I thought were customers were other employees, apparently they had a morning staff meeting, and they all hadn't left yet.I was offered samples of the German sausage, I tried both, they were good, but I'm not one to judge, since I'm not partial to German food.The price is a bit high for what you're getting, but not outrageous. I would go there again.
4	From the start, it was a great experience. I walked in and saw that there was Free WiFi. We were then greeted with a huge smile from a man who I am guessing is the manager. Although, he was the only one to acknowledge us.Now onto the food. It was DELICIOUS. You can tell the fries were frozen and where ever they buy them from is probably the same place that McDonalds gets their because they taste the exact same. Although the burger was AMAZING! It comes with the works. Great prices. I'm just not crazy about the location, although it is only a few minutes from my house.
5	For some reason i was surprised about how clean and nice it was inside. Maybe because the del taco that was there was never very clean.Great brats, and i don't even really like brats all that much. Burger is just under in-n-out level, but like someone else here said, above mcd's and the others.Also really like the sauce that comes with the chicken tenders. Customer service was awesome. Really liked the guy that helped us. We will be back for sure.
5	Look, we have been to all the "German" places in town, where you are served blaut kraut and potato salad from a can, and they charge you 15-20 dollars a plate.  Dita's is not fine dining.  It does, however, have curry wurst like I remember having with my Grandfather in a pub in Germany when I was a child.  Fast, fresh food, friendly service, very clean, take out and delivery...all in all, worth a visit.
5	I was very excited when Ditas first opened, and I saw the German flag painted on the window.  My husband and I finally hit the drive thru today.  Oh my, it was good. We each had a bratwurst and we split a cheeseburger.The bratwurst was perfectly cooked, and the mustard on it was very, very good.  The brochen (bread roll) lacked the chewiness of what you get in Germany, but it works well.  It is much less messy the way it is served at Ditas.  We enjoyed it very much.The cheeseburger was juicy and had plenty of cheese.  It reminded me of a Fatburger without the crazy Fatburger price.  The service was very good. The man at the drive thru explained that it would be a 3 to 5 minute wait because they make everything fresh.  We did not mind at all.  Fresh, hot food is certainly worth the small wait time.We are excited to find a decent fast food restaurant so close to home, but we would happily drive out of the way for this food.  We now refer to it as our new favorite fast food.   Good job Ditas!
4	Heading out for some drinks last Friday with a few friends and we needed to eat first. After driving by Dita's every day where the Del Taco used to be and upon a recommendation from two different friends AND the presence of a coupon we decided to give it a try. When we walked in the place was empty around 7 pm on a Friday, not a great sign generally but let's face it Las Vegans are not always known for their taste in higher quality fast food as I believe we now have seemingly 163 Jack in the Box locations and still 72 Burger Kings in town.  We presented our coupon for buy 1 Dbl Cheese burger  Combo(not bad - approx 7.50) and receive one regular hamburger free($3 value I believe) and it was happily accepted by the front counter man- who I believe was either manager or owner. We took our seats in the clean, bright dining room- comfy. The motif and tunes were mostly 50's drive in style which fit the burger theme overall. I was actually told I should have ordered one of their famous german brats or "Curry Sausage"- some sort of speciality apparently- And I definitely will next time but wanted to use the burger coupon this visit. After about 5-7 minutes our number was called we grabbed our tray of food made fresh and it was good. Perfect crispy shoestring fries, a basic no- frills burger with a good, not great patty but very fresh and pretty juicy too. Adorned with the basic lettuce, tomato, american cheese and 1000 island condiments, this should appeal to fans of In- n -Out and/ or Five Guys. Can't wait to venture out to some of the sausage choices next time. The free single burger was also outstanding.   Once while we were eating and again as we left we were warmly asked how everything was by the staff. Im happy to report a few other parties came in as we were leaving..I think they'll be happy they did.
5	My meal (sausage and fries) was great! Everything was fresh and delicious. The staff was very helpful and very nice!
3	This place has potential however, they do not have a lot of German options. they offer burgers, fries and their German curry sausage. there are not that many items available in their menu but their food is good.
3	This is the second time I've been here. The first time I had the bratwurst with roll. That was great the sausage had a lot of flavor to it. The second time I decided to try the hamburger. Definitely not like in n out which it keeps getting compared to for some reason. I recommend only coming here for the brats.
5	Great burgers! Great fries! Its a German/American burger joint. They sell brats as well. Next time I will try it. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and portions and of course the taste. Very tasty burger! I ordered the double cheeseburger and it was bomb! Just as good as In and Out and Fatburger. The fries are thin cut and crispy.
5	Yuuuum!  I had the bratwurst with sauerkraut, the brat was delish! I tried a side of the curry sauce and ended up dippin my fries in it, wow a great flavor. My boyfriend had the cheese burger and it was so good, comparable to In And Out Burger, so you know it's good!  Check this place out!
4	Drove by Dita's several times with an interest in it but havent had the opportunity to hit it up till a few days ago.Very friendly service. They gave us samples of the curry sauce and we decided to go for currywurst and fries.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/svTDpnD6yj77h5iH9lDucw?select=uAypqk1WYXmwcDcTS8_moA#cy0ksATFB05QyUCvoCLW9gTheir homemade ketchup is more of a tomato sauce seasoned to taste similar to ketchup and is pretty damn good too. The seasonings they use to turn it into curry ketchup is just too damn good in my opinion and totally made the order worth it. Fries are VERY good. They look like ordinary regular fries but they taste totally awesome.Dita's is a bit on the pricey side when compared to other fast food joints. I can understand that they need to charge more because this isnt Germany and some of the ingredients need to be sourced from different suppliers and some things need to be home made. Overall i would say the extra dollar and some change is worth it as you're getting something completely different from the normal fast food burger joint. I like it and would totally recommend this place for those who are looking for something different yet completely casual.
5	I've been to this restaurant a few times. Always good, always fresh and delicious! Check this place out if you live in Vegas or are visiting!
5	Real German food is finally affordable in Las Vegas.  What it may lack in decor & ambiance for snobbish foodies, it is made up for (and then some) by the authentic preparation of some of my childhood favorites found growing up in a German-American home.It's very clean, and while I think it should be far busier than it is, the service at Dita's was outstanding - warm, welcoming - and everything you would expect from a nice family-owned German restaurant.The shocking part was the price. Less than $5 for a meal that not only filled me up but made me happy and comfortable too? It was pure joy biting into a fresh bratwurst nestled inside fresh brotchen.  When I saw the Currywurst  on the menu I immediately knew that this place was somewhere I needed to take my mom so she could savor the flavors of home.This kind of goodness rarely happens in Vegas, so this one goes on my list of favorite places for comfort food.  "So good" is an understatement.
4	I was actually craving a brat, and the German flags and "Brats" sign lured my in...When I entered the former Del Taco location, I was greeted by a tall friendly German at the register.  I had a pretty good feeling about the authenticity of the food because the worker was speaking German to a few customers.  That's a key indicator for authenticity.  You don't see much Italian being spoken at Olive Garden, or many Spanish speaking customers at the Michoacan joints in Vegas.I really had no idea what to choose until I saw the curry brat on the menu. From what the worker told me, the curry brat is the #1 fast food in Germany and was  this restaurant's specialty.  So I ordered one on his recommendation...Pleasantly surprised!  The Curry Brat is a sliced bratwurst smothered with a ketchup based curry sauce and it's pretty damn good.  It's also served with a heaping mound of fries that were very good (similar to McDonald fries).  Would I go back?   YESThe decor is refreshingly minimal... it's all about the food.  Apparently, they make a good burger too, but I'd rather stay with the German food.
4	The curry was really good, something different. Will be going back for sure.
4	Dita's Brats and BurgersMy young Austrian friend knows that I love German cuisine. So, when he told me that he'd treat me to some AUTHENTIC German food, I thought he'd take me to one of those few German restaurants in Vegas. Well, was I surprised that he brought me to a FAST FOOD JOINT called Dita's!  - And, after a great eating experience, I was very happy and grateful that he did! YELPIER DETAILS:My friend ordered for us, ALL IN GERMAN: 1 order each "bratwurst with kraut" and 1extra order of "currywurst with fries" to share. Our orders came out looking very appetizing and tasty in every bite! The sauerkraut was a bit salty, not sour enough to my liking, but it was crunchy, the way I loved! The curry sauce was on the sweet side, but after we added extra mustard and salt, it was wonderful for dipping the sausage and fries! I wish the sauce had a little bit more kick with more and spicier curry. Well, even in Germany, almost no 2 curry sauces tasted the same anyway, so I couldn't be too picky.My Austrian friend said, although he is not German, he knew enough German cuisine and culture to vouch for the authenticity of those tasty dishes. I myself had worked and lived in Germany on and off for a few years, and had grown to love the great variety of German sausages. What we had at Dita's brought back fond memories of my wonderful time in Germany, enjoying bratwurst and currywurst in various fast food places over BEER! Hmm, how I wish Dita's would serve beer! And I wish, also, they'd expand their GERMAN MENU.We enjoyed our AUTHENTIC German meal very much this afternoon. I will definitely go back to Dita's for more, with or without my Austrian friend!BTW: Dita's "50's diner decor" made an old man like me feel very comfortable. But, almost all customers today were young folks. The place is not big but spacious enough; clean, bright, and comfy. Its restroom is well maintained. Peterskis3, Dec, 2012---
4	I ordered the double cheeseburger combo. The burger was was delicious, the sweet potato fries were OK, if a little bland. Two things: 1) everything is made fresh, so it will take a little time to get your order and 2) The double cheeseburger really isn't suitable for consumption with your hands, get a fork and a knife.
3	Limited menu,kind of expensive.This place was dead at lunch time,so I don't expect it to last very long.Bad location.My suggestion would be a condiment bar like Top Dog(onions,kraut,etc)and widen the variety of sausages to include bockwurst and maybe a straight German frank.Fries are good,but maybe potato salad as a twist for a side.
5	Second time I've been here and the food is great. Clean place and the service is great. Took girlfriend and got her hook on the brat sandwich...I had the cheeseburger which was very good. Will be back again.
4	Dita's reminded me of a clash between Johnny Rockets meets In-N-Out. The place is very clean and staff extremely helpful. I ordered the Hawaiian Burger; only because it had pinneaple. Food was fresh and had flavor, can't wait until my next visit. It's not far from the College of Southern Nevada, good food and decent prices.
5	Great food and customer service!
3	I remembered some good reviews from here so today I was passing by Dita's and decided to stop in for lunch.I went to the drive thru and ordered the Dbl cheesburger XXL meal- total $9.50.When I received the giant size soda I was dissapointed to see (no really kinda angered to see) that the cup was filled to the brim with ice. This is a HUGE pet peeve of mine with fast food places. It must have been a 40 oz. cup at least, but there couldn't have been more than 12 oz of soda in the cup. When the meal was ready I was surprised to be handed a bag with 2 styrofoam containers. The smaller one contained the burger and the larger segmented dinner plate size one was filled to the top with fries. So the XXL meal gets you a cup with about a pound of ice and about 2 pounds of fries.The burger was just OK. I mean it was good, nothing wrong with it, but nothing exceptional either. Just kinda generic. Usually to make a great burger you need something outstanding- a fresh baked bun, special sauce, something special in the seasoning of the beef, etc. This burger was just average. generic bun, thousand island burger sauce, lettuce, pickle, tomato, American cheese, and kind of bland burger patties. All the elements were there, just nothing stood out.The fries were abundant, but a bit soggy and nothing special either just generic restaurant fries.To be fair I ordered a burger at a place better known for brats, and I'll probably go back sometime to give the brats a try. But as far as the burgers go I'd rate them average at best.
5	This is a wonderful surprise! I saw this place announcing Brats and Burgers... so I tried it. Wow! The curry sauce is amazing. A definite " must stop" when I'm in the area.
4	Passed by this place a number of times since its opening, even pulled into their parking lot, but never convinced myself to actually take the plunge and try something new, especially when I saw that the staple is bratwurst, that of which I'm not a fan of. My husband on the other hand loves that German sausage, so to make him happy I put my dislike for brats aside and went in with an open mind. Lucky for him I was starving, and my pregnant belly was aching for anything at this point. So Friday night we mosey on over after he read some of the reviews on yelp. He ordered himself a bratwurst on a roll with some spicy mustard a side of French fries and the owner who is straight out of Germany provided some curry dipping sauce on the side. I ordered a cheeseburger combo that came with a nice amount of French fries and a medium sized soft drink for 6.95. My cheeseburger was juicy and very flavorful. It was soaked in condiments nor was it falling apart, it was pretty darn delish! Now my husbands bratwurst was served on what looked like the perfect kaiser roll, it was flaky on the outside and yet soft to the bite....the aroma coming off of that bratwurst was so enticing I had to have a bite, it was AMAZING. WOW! Now I could never eat a bratwurst sandwich all on my own, but a couple of bites of that sandwich was pretty much like a little taste of heaven. The homemade curry will leave you craving it, it's the perfect blend of spices, incredibly tasty. The place is very clean, and the owner is very nice. If your in the area I would definitely recommend stopping in and grabbing a bite!
2	The Brat was good. Bread was so-so. I'm guessing the sauerkraut came from a can.Double cheese burger was pretty much an In-&-Out burger. The patties were a little bigger, but flavor was the same.The Hawaiian burger was not good. My boyfriend who is a burger nut ate half and tossed the rest. The fries were good and plentiful.
4	Super good!! We had the hamburgers and they were huge, the owner is very nice, too bad is so far from where I live :(
3	Closed.I actually had the chance to try their curry fries which the GF, whose half German enjoyed and reminded her of the food she had as a young girl in Germany. Brats are great and flavorful however the GF mentions that you can get a much better over at Cafe Berlin which unfortunately I have yet to try. Burgers were good but not drive all the out of your way good. Probably the worst thing I did have was the Hawaiian Burger which was one of their burgers topped with pineapple, bacon and this nasty, over-processed artificial bbq sauce which killed it for me. Service was hit or miss, it was run by both the owners a former German businessman and his wife (Dita) who moved from Vegas to Brazil hoping to bring more German fare to Vegas. Unfortunately a few weeks after our first visit they shut down operations.. You could somewhat tell by their demeanor and the empty seats. Its a shame because I felt like they could do something just by sticking with their core items -- they were seemingly stuck in the wrong neighborhood. If they re-opened, I probably would give them another shot.
