5	I moved to Pittsburgh last October, and knew that I was going to continue with crossfit and had to find a gym ASAP.  Little did I know that after I moved to the Southside, that I lived across the street from the greatest fitness club I have ever been to. I have been doing crossfit for over a year now and am COMPLETELY addicted.  I started out back in Orange County trying out several of the clubs available throughout the area.  They were all good and offered knowledgeable instructors and convenient times.   So what is great about Crossfit Athletics in the Southside.  1. The owner 2. the People 3. The PeopleNot only is the owner, Jenn, passionate about crossfit and teaching, but also she is a certified chiropractor.  So basically whenever you tweek your back or legs, she can immediately tell you what to do to quickly recover, and she offers chiropractic appointments at the gym.  Everyone that does crossfit knows that recovery is just as important as the WOD, and it does not get any better than having a specialist as your instructor.Finally the people at this gym are amazing, everyone proactively works with you to motivate and help you during the WODs.  You really feel like you are part of a family, especially with all the monthly events, competitions, and festivities. So if you are new to crossfit fitness or an expert, definitely drop by and let the gym do the talking for itself.
5	I've been a member of CFA since November 2011, and my only regret is not joining sooner. If you've been thinking about trying out CrossFit, don't wait! I can honestly say this gym, the coaches and members here have made a huge impact on my life. Don't be afraid of trying it on your own, we have beginners classes, and everyone is more than willing to help you out. The camaraderie and positive atmosphere can't be beat and you'll love pushing yourself to limits you didn't know you could reach. Your first class is free to try so what's to lose? Come join us!
5	I could swear I wrote a review of this place before but here goes.I went to this gym a couple years back for a short time.  I have a herniated disk and I just can't do the lifts that go along with crossfit comfortably so I stopped going.However,  as far as gyms goes these are the nicest most welcoming and competent people I think you'll find.  The owner, Jen and the trainer Gabe were both really great people.  The other members were also all really nice.I think of this place fondly and only wish my body was able to accomodate the rigors of the great workouts they have here.Tip: Get a few private lessons when you start to learn proper form.  Form is everything with the lifts they do.
5	This gem of a CrossFit gym has a great location for our visit to Pittsburgh. The coaches were knowledgeable and taught me how to kip for the very first time. Very welcoming atmosphere, coaches, and members. Not to mention.... A damn good workout!!Thanks CrossFit Athletics!!
