1	Extended Stay, hmmm not in this life time.We had our room for two nights. I slept neither of those nights.The place is not really what you would call dirty, but dingy comes to mind.The place offers no services, if you want a towel you go and get one, no wake up calls.The minute we walked in I said, ewww this place smells. Well we got to the room and the ewwww factor went ten fold. IT kind of smelled like a bus full of sweaty people or a dead man rotting in a rice field. The windows stayed open the whole time with little affect. The room was kind of depressing on its own, reminded me of a place derelicts stay in the run down part of town. The bed was so used up it provided no softness or support what so ever.I think it is safe to say we will not be back.
4	Great location and what I would expect for an extended stay.  Everything you want within walking distance..... Bike/walking path starting right behind the hotel.  Rooms are fine nothing remarkable, no pool but not expected for this type of hotel.  Only thing it needs is a hair dryer.... Never seen a hotel without one before.
4	This was my first time staying at an Extended Stay only because the Holiday Inn was a nightmare. My wife and I were in town to visit our daughter down the street at ASU and a few things caught me off guard but overall I am pleased and will be returning again over the Thanksgiving holiday.I am accustomed to having the following done on a daily basis but was not terribly bothered by it either.1. Room cleaned and organized2. Towels replaced3. Trash removed4. Toiletries replenishedThe facility was clean, organized and the staff was friendly, especially Zoe. She is cheerful, knowledgeable and eager to assist you. The hotel is located off of the freeway and across the street from a mall and surrounded by a plethora of restuarants and shops. All of which made my wife extremely happy.
1	First off, I wasn't expecting much due to the price we paid for the rooms. We just needed a place to sleep so we wouldn't be in the room much anyway. That's why we had settled on this place. You definitely get what you pay for (which isn't much). No room service, no amenities, no housekeeping unless you pay extra, etc...They do have a complimentary 'breakfast' bar where you can grab some oatmeal, coffee, and stuff downstairs.I had the most frustrating conversation with an incompetent front desk worker over the phone the night before my stay. For the life of me, I could not put my question into simpler terms for her to understand. She kept telling me to call back tomorrow morning because she couldn't change anything in the system when I wasn't even asking her to change anything! Luckily, I called hotels.com (where I booked the hotel from originally) and they were able to answer my question.Upon arrival, one of the two rooms smelled like smoke even though it's supposed to be a non-smoking room. I guess my sister didn't want to fuss about it so she slept in that room and dealt with the smell. I took the other room, which didn't smell. It does seem a bit dingy though. The mattress is a bit hard, but not uncomfortably so. The sheets and blankets should probably be updated because they are stained. Made me thankful that I brought my own pillow and blanket with me since I drove from CA. There wasn't any problem otherwise. It was quiet. I checked underneath the beds on the last day to make sure we didn't leave anything behind and apparently they don't clean under there...or at all really? I don't know. I found a bunch of things underneath both beds like a toddler's shoe, a BIC lighter, napkins, etc. Kind of makes you wonder what they DO clean. Anyway, lesson learned. Never again.
4	I don't understand slamming a hotel for things they have no control over. ("I came here to paint the elephants and watch the seashell eating contest; turns out Phoenix doesn't even have these! Worst hotel ever! One star! Boo!")The rooms are nice. The staff is nice. The price is nice. The area is nice. The weather is nice (right now, anyway).Extended stay hotels are different from a regular hotel. That's why they have a different name from regular hotels. They are different. If you can't read and don't have any friends who will read to you, and you are expecting the same services and amenities at an extended stay hotel that you get at a regular hotel (different!), you will probably be disappointed. Just as you probably are most of the time.If you need a nice place to stay for a while, at a nice price, with a nice staff, in a nice area, I recommend this place. It's nice.I'd give it one more star, but I'm too stupid to figure out how to connect my phone to the free wifi, and I blame the hotel for that.)
2	in two weeks i saw house keeping zero times. It's ok though, they seemed understaffed and the people there genuinely are trying theyre hardest. Stay elsewhere if you can avoid it
