4	Jimmy Johns has got to be my guilty pleasure. Love the Beach Club and the salt and vinegar chips. This location is fairly new and it does the JJ chain well. Although they do keep the music louder than I'd like. Great place, great sandwiches.
3	As of this post, I am a recent convert to Jimmy John's.  This location is closest to me and overall I am happy with them.  (The fact a few of the drivers are starting to joke around on occasion should help verify that.)Their sandwiches generally have great flavor and their staff is usually really friendly as well as being on the ball.  They may not be as  fast as their commercials teasingly hint at but they are pretty quick.I do however wish their subs had a bit more meat.  Also their menu and staff state that the dill pickles are 99 cents but I always get charged $1.50.  I don't like the fact what I am told and what I am charged are never the same.  It ain't much but the principle bugs me.  I debated on the rating but the latter items bug me just enough to where I had to give them 3 out of 5.  Good with room for improvement.  I've had much worse however.  :)
4	I just ordered from them again.  The person who took my order was fast, prompt and very nice.  One of the best order takers I have experienced in some time.  The order arrived quicker than I expected, which is a bonus.  The delivery person was a beautiful and charming woman who smiled and was also nice.  4/5!
5	Yeah, I'm going to give it 5 stars, because why not?  When I don't feel like cooking or waiting in line at another "fast food" restaurant or sitting down to order an expensive meal, Jimmy John's is my go-to meal.  I'm not even going to call it a guilty pleasure, because I don't feel even a little bit guilty about this pleasure.  Seriously.  I don't think I've had to stand in this restaurant for more than 5 minutes, including ordering.  #5 with salt & vinegar chips.  Maybe 2 bags of chips.  If they sold party or family sized bags of those deliciously sour and salty chips, I would buy them in bulk - damn my figure.  Oh, and the employees are always smiling and cheerful, regardless of the day.  I do wish they were open later (they're only open til 9pm...so at least til 10pm, or 2am would make this Jimmy's my second home) and I REALLY wish that they delivered farther than the small area they deliver to.  I only live about 4 miles away, and I'm outside of their delivery zone.  I guess this is what's keeping me from being the ultimate lazy-ass though...having to physically drive to pick up my sub.  It will always be worth it.
1	I'm only giving one star as I have no choice (that I can tell).Here's my story...Yesterday we called to have food delivered.  After the experience I had, I wrote on their facebook wall.  "They" wrote me back to ask if I had spoken to a manager about my experience.  This is my response back...Yes I did but by that time, the csr Ryan had already upset me so bad, there was no going back. The guy was the rudest I've encountered yet. We are walking distance from the cutoff for delivery but was totally willing to drive up the street to Chandler Regional to pick up. He acted like he didn't want to do that but then said ok. Although he admitted he lives next to this hospital himself, he wanted me to give him the address for "safety" reasons. So, I googled the hospital and gave him the address that was on the hospital website. He then argued that the address I had given him was not an address he had in his system from prior deliveries there... Kept putting me on hold (about 5 times) to check with his manager... I ask him if he HAD the address, why was he insistent that I give him what he already knows... He said, "you know what?! We're not delivering to you as you are outside our delivery area!". I was in the process of speaking when he intrupided me to tell me this. I had found another address for the hospital and was trying to give that one to him. He continuely over spoke me... He was rude! He was unprofessional. He was condesceding. I was willing to drive to freaken pick up the order although it's stupid not to drive one more block to deliver... Actually less than! I understand boundries which is why I was willing to compromise. I was in no way, form or fashion rude or even demanding with this jerk... Until, of course, he wouldn't shup up long enough to hear me... THE CUSTOMER! The manager who came to the phone was just as condescending. "I will talk to Ryan...". No she won't! She was feeding him the information and he was speaking it to me, THE CUSTOMER, with her right there as there was no delay in him hanging up and her picking up. This behavior is so much more than unacceptable. We had had an awesome day as a family and was winding down and decided we'd order from there. His unprofessionislm and rudeness **** near ruined my night which in turned caused my family upset. I expect and will accept nothing less than professionislm when dealing with a company where I am a paying customer!Not only will I ever call them or eat there again, I will tell anyone who will listen to avoid this location, at the very least!And, of course, they haven't responded...
4	I love the #3 Tuna at Jimmy Johns and this location didn't disappoint. My rating wasn't 5 stars because: the tables were dirty and nobody bothered to wipe them down, I had to do it myself, however, first I had to find some napkins.They serve iced tea, but no lemons or sweetener.Take care of those 2 things and you'll earn that extra star.
4	Got a #5 from them tonight after a busy day with a soda.  The order taker was very kind and efficient.  I had to repeat myself a few times but I think that was due to a bad connection.The driver was very nice (and I will admit rather cute).  The sandwich was delicious.  She forgot the drink, but I called the store and they sent out the driver with it a few moments later along with a treat to make up for the inconvenience.  The crew and food was great, the honest mistake was made up for by a great act of customer service.  I would recommend this location to anyone in the area that enjoys great subs and great service.
5	Visited the store for the first time rather than delivery.  Staff was awesome, as usual, and the lass taking my order recognized me from a delivery a while back!  The subs are still yummy, they were fast and am pleased with their customer service,   Decided to finally give in and give them the 5 stars they have earned from me!
4	Will never go back to Subway. Good, flaky baguette, fresh ingredients, love the peppers and their own chips (perfectly thick, crisp, and seasoned).
5	We ate there twice with very good experiences. Food was delicious with very friendly and accommodating service. A refreshing perk.
5	Great food, great employees, and freaky fast, just like advertised. I go here nearly every day and they have not disappointed yet. Only complaint is that the water tastes like it is straight from the bathroom so buy a bottled one if you plan on drinking water. Vote for Jimmy!
4	I have eaten at this location a few times recently and it has been a good experience each time. I usually order the #11 Country Club which is delicious! The Jimmy chips are crunchy and have great flavor. No matter how busy it has been when I have been in this location they get my sub out within 5 minutes or less. Great! I only wish that they had a few other pepper options, jalapeno's, green peppers etc... But then again the simplicity makes Jimmy John's fast and delicious!I will be back!
1	Today Jimmy John's ran a $1 sub special from 11 am to 3 pm.  This was advertised in a Full Page Ad in the Arizona Republic.  We went around noon but the line was too long and so thought we would come back closer to the ending time for the deal i.e 3 pm.We were there at around 2:45 pm and they told us that they were No Longer Honoring  the Deal.  No consideration was given that the customer spent their time and gas to come there with the knowledge that the deal would be honored.  The FULL Page Ad in the Arizona Republic specifically said it was till 3 pm and it did not have any exceptions or restrictions whatsoever.I cannot support a local business that clearly breaks its own promise.  I will never step into a Jimmy John's when there is Subway, Blimpie's, Quiznos, Firehouse, Jersey Mikes, Jason's Deli, and so many more options.
5	Good Food. Fast Service. Consistent every time. They have their system down.
4	I like how they have the "skinny" option where it costs less to get a sandwich without the lettuce mayo etc I never get those anyway and its nice to save a $1.
4	I order for delivery durning like 6pm they came less then 20 min it was fast the mobile. Site to order it from was kinda hard and took longer order then it took to deliver it I felt like it
5	Seriously, who doesn't love JJ's? Helpful staff and fast service, not to mention the best tasting sandwiches.
5	Always fast and friendly with my correct order at the door under 10 minutes!BUT JIMMY JOHN'S WHY U ONLY PUT ONE NAPKIN?!But really, though. I need more than 1 napkin for a messy sandwich. :)
3	I used to work at a jimmy johns and I always made quality products but the sandwich I got here was a disaster. Im not going to give the place less than 3 stars because I'm sure because it was in the evening, they had new people working. I could tell because the cut on the bread was jagged. You guys, if you see a new person making a sandwich and it's less than the JJ standards, fix it. I'm not talking about the bread either. The sandwich itself was very sloppily made. It just tasted gross and something was off.
5	Super fast and delicious!  Why wait 20 min in line at Chipotle at lunch, when you can have a fresh sandwich in less than 2?Their prep line started asking what I was ordering while in line and the sandwich was made before I finished paying. Everyone kept saying, "Wow, that was fast!"In general, I love Jimmy Johns for their fresh ingredients and quirky sense of humor.  Keep up the great work here!
5	Love to order from this location! I the ordered online at 12:35, for delivery, and had the sandwich in my hands at 12:44. Freakishly fast! They must have known how hungry I was!!! #nomnomnom
1	These are the worst sandwiches that I have ever seen or eaten.  Subway is way better, and that's not saying much.  They have very little meat.  If you order guacamole, you can't even find it on the sandwich, let alone taste it.  They have ONE cheese selection, ONE onion selection...etc.    Why does anyone say these sandwiches are great???   They are horrible.   If you want a real sandwich go to a Deli...which out here in AZ is very rare, but then so are the good sandwiches.  Don't waste your money.  If I could give 0 stars I would, but they don't let you.
