4	Located within the new Union "shop" at the Biltmore, they have a mini-stand offering these fun treats (the new cupcake, if you will...or more realistically, the new way I'm gonna gain some pounds). Cost - $3.28 with tax, cash. I paid cash so I'm not sure if they pass on a convenience charge for credit, but they did appear to have Square for credit charges. I got a flavor I assume is seasonal - pumpkin with cinnamon buttercream. It was delicious! My only complaint being that the top of my pie was a bit squished into the top of the wrapper. It looked like maybe 3 others flavors are offered, but perhaps that will expand in future weeks. I know I have my eye on the Mexican chocolate chile flavor!
4	I had read a review of the Whoopie pie but the only pick up was too far out of my Central Phoenix comfort zone. Luckily, I decided to stop by the opening weekend of Union at the Biltmore and I was lucky to find them here! I shared the pumpkin spice And espresso cream and chocolate cake pie. The experience was so fantastic that I am now bringing a dozen to Thanksgiving with the boyfriend's family. This is my new thank you and hostess go to gift!
5	Unexpected little treasure!  I stumbled into this place while looking for a candy store that moved into the Biltmore shopping  mall. As a very frugal working girl I rarely come to this area to shop, little whoopi pie made me feel special and indulgrnt for only $3.28!!!  Salted carmel was my pie of choice, so worth the cals!
4	I tried Whoopie Pies at the Cupcake Love-In and was really excited when I heard they were going to have a store front. Yay! My first taste was their classic whoopie - moist chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream filling. This was super decadent. The cake was really moist and deeply chocolate. The fluffy filling was really sweet as well. It was so good; I knew I'd have to have more!Upon my recent trip to The Union, I had to stop and get some whoopie pies. I purchased a plain vanilla, a sweet and salty (chocolate whoopie with caramel filling), and a coco-loco (chocolate whoopie with coconut filling). They come refrigerated, so I put them in the fridge when I got home. I would definitely recommend leaving them at room temperature before eating. I think they taste much better and the flavors really pop. When they are cold, it's harder to determine the flavors in the filling. Of the three I purchased, I really enjoyed to coco-loco. The coconut filling had shredded coconut and was really tasty!Definitely stop by and give Whoopie Baking Co a try!
4	* * * * Another Saturday Another nightAnother dessert in the twilightanother season, another reasonfor eatin' whoopieAlot of sugar, alot to enticethese little cakes are delicious. for a reasonable priceits so killin that you're so willin'To eat some whoopiePicture a little dessert shopdown at the Biltmore's Unionpicture the various sweet flavorsFrom classic to red hot...* * * * Lovely indulgent little whoopie pies, now locally made!  We were in the area after dinner and were itching for some sugary sweets, so we headed to the Biltmore area to try out the Whoopie Baking Company.  Each pie is $3, and when we went there were 4 flavors to choose from.  I selected the "pucker up" whoopie pie (lemon filling, lemon cake), and tried the chocolate with salted caramel filling.  The pucker up had a light, lemon flavor, not too sour.  The chocolate with caramel filling was very rich.  While I enjoyed the chocolate cake more than the lemon because it was more moist and soft, overall I liked the taste of the lemon better.  Service was very friendly, and I saw that they even offer Woofie pies for dogs... interesting.  If I am really in the mood to spoil my dogs rotten perhaps I'll buy them some delectable treats (After treating myself to pie for myself, of course!).
5	yummmmmmmmm!!!!! This little shop saved the holidays. I bought several 4 piece packages for all my friends. They loved it!
5	I met this company at a wedding they were catering (the cakes were whoopie pies!) and I am here to tell you they're fantastic. What a fun and delicious way to indulge yourself; and the owners are a wonderful model of local business. I support local, do you?
