1	This is officially the worst eatery on the island of Montreal. The place opens until 1 am on weekends, my friends and I arrived around 11:50pm and the waiter was already sleepy.The service was extremely terrible and careless, the waiter ignored us when we came in and didn't even bring us the menu. We were three but they only gave us two glasses of water and no napkins. He was also pretty rude and never refilled our water.I ordered the fried rice with pork chops and everything was so dry that you'd believe salted crackers have more water than their food. Nevertheless, I was very hungry so I decided to use some Sriracha sauce, and then I noticed the weird taste of it and realized that it was expired four months ago.The place is not very clean, and the table was somehow sticky.They accept cash as their sole method of payment, not very convenient.Please don't go, for your own sake. Go eat McDonald's, yeah that's how horrible this place is.
4	This is a solid 3.5 star review. The food was decent, the chairs are comfortable, the place is totally clean, the service (a little bit abrupt, a little bit slow, but not out of the ordinary for Montreal where I expect service to be gruff) was acceptable in both English and French.The menu is simple but it has all the favorites. Don't expect pages and pages of obscure items like you might find at a bigger Chinese restaurant.Our bill was $27 incl tax and tip for three people and we definitely had enough to eat. Be aware that they only accept cash.
5	First of all, don't eat the noodles.Second of all, if you expect some sort of westernized chinese food you will hate this place.Third of all, if you in fact love authentic Chinese food and enjoy spicy food there is a speciality section in the menu with no translation (for the love of god don't report this to the government)... if you can't understand it order the stuffs with a thumbs up next to it and I guarantee you will like it! O it is really cheap and they always play sportscenter which is a plus.
