4	Love it that the staff is always friendly and knowledge.  No pressure to hurry and not pressure to buy.  Only if the games were organized a little bit, then they will get the 5th star.  Can only standing there reading the slim covers sideways for a few mins, anymore then that my neck is killing me.
5	This location is the primary place I purchase my games.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and I will usually spend some time in there talking with them about upcoming games and speculation regarding the industry.They ask if you are looking to reserve any upcoming titles because it's part of their job, but I never feel the pressure from them that I usually do from other locations.  The store is always clean when I go inside and they have a great selection of titles and merchandise.  The chain gets a lot of flak because of their trade in values, but ultimately they are a for-profit business and are usually running a promotion that will increase the amount of $ you see from your merchandise.
4	Really good management.   They seem very happy with the work they do and are genuinely excited to talk to you about new games.
1	I went in last night 6/11/14 and purchased a new Xbox One at about 8:40 pm I took my new Xbox home and set it up and when I put in one of the games I also just purchased the machine made a grinding noise and the game would not play. I put in another game in also just purchased in the same transaction in the system and the same thing happened. brand new Xbox doesn't work... by this point the store was closed for the night so I waited till 10 am this morning 6/12/14 to call and tell the opening manager about the defective product and he tells me first of all that "that's how the machine works" when I said no the issue is its not working he tells me  that it's not his problem, it the system had been a used one that they would replace it but since I bought it new that it was on me.I purchased this item less than 24 hours prior for your company and this exact store no less and you don't stand by the product you sold me? Everyone was perfectly happy to take my almost $600 with a great big smile on their face but when the damn thing is defective then it's on me?!? so for my $600 dollars I bought a broken machine and an hour on the phone with Microsoft who tells me they have an agreement with distributors of their product to do these kinds of replacements in the store if the product is defective they tell me that since this store wont honor the agreement that they will send a replacement so after my hour plus on the phone with them I now have to wait an additional 3 days or so for them to send a new one and mail them back the defective unit they sold me. additionally Microsoft put a $500 hold on my credit card to ship me the replacement so now i have spent over $1,000 and i have a non working Xbox one and a wait that's what i bought from game stopand here's a fun fact the manager refused to take my Xbox back but there receipt clearly says that i can have an equal exchange it within 30 days. sounds like someone doesn't know his own stores policy... I wonder what the BBB will have to say about this.
4	Great Place to Purchase  GamesI always preorder games from game stop, I enjoy going in and looking at the selection of pre-owned games.  I have never had a negative customer service issues,  or damaged game (scratches/unplayable).The sales associates who work at Game Stop are knowledgeable and offer advice and suggestions and are willing to spend time answering any questions you might have.If you're a gamer you should give Gane Stop a try.
