3	I just checked out this new Big Lots location in the Target/Kohl's shopping center. The sign says Grand Opening so I think they must have opened this weekend. It's in the location where Linens & Things used to be. The store is new so it's very clean and organized. The woman who checked me out was super friendly and seemed very knowledgeable. Here is what I like to get from Big Lots 144 tea-light candles for $6! peanut butter for holiday baking for well under $2 a jar (usually I get the "natural" stuff but the average PB is better for fudge and baking) throw pillows for my throw pillow obsession gift wrap gift bags gift basket stuffers and fillers candy for the movies seasonal holiday knickknacks and things to hang on my shepherds hook Hints: *come frequently and browse because inventory is revolving *browse every aisle. the deals are sometimes hiding :) *look out for prices in comparison to competitors and keep in mind how MUCH you are are getting for the price (ounces, qty, etc) sometimes it might seem like a good deal but you might be able to get bigger box/more somewhere for less
4	I tell you why I'm a big fan of this Big Lots...the place is brand new and super clean!  Almost all of the Big Lots I've been to are either in a questionable part of town, or dingy and dirty.  Thank God for this Big Lots, it's neither!  Located at the Target shopping center off of Blue Diamond and near the Silverton Hotel & Casino, this Big Lots is celebrating its grand opening.  The store is very organized and put together well.  Items were new on the shelves and fully stocked.  The DVD section was in full force and there were a lot of them available.  This is one of my fav parts to go through because sometimes you will find rare special edition multiple disc DVDs on the cheap.  That's how I roll!  I found a Robotech limited 2-disc DVD set the last time I was there for $3.  I also like going into the toy section at this Big Lots.  They have a TON of Hot Wheels for only $1 each.  On this last visit I actually found a Hot Wheel Treasure Hunt!  Very hard to find in the store if you're a car collector like I am.  Many of the items here are priced great.  Furniture is decent quality and is a good bargain, the electronics are pretty good too.  The video games section has some good deals on $10 games as well.  There are literally thousands of bargains at Big Lots...you gotta visit weekly!  They always have something new and different on sale.  Their food section is not too shabby either.  They have a wide variety of snacks, drinks, cereals, and canned goods always in stock.  Prices are in line with many competitors nearby.  So always look for the best deal!  Big Lots also has good prices on school supplies and home office supplies.  So be sure to stock up on the basic necessities.The people are nice at this Big Lots, pleasant and very helpful.  They'll help get you in and out, and on your way.  Visit this place today!
5	I concur with the other two reviews- especially the "clean and in a nice neighborhood" parts.  Normally Big Lots gets a poor rap because of its locations and "discount" status but you need to try this place!  Packing kids lunches every day and keeping snacks in the house is SO much more affordable at Big Lots.  Shampoo, baby wipes and scrapbooking supplies are top notch at great prices.Go!!
5	Big Lots is a great name for a store that has so much. A better feel than other wholesale discount stores, and the customer service when checking out is exceptional. People here are generally happy to have a job which is nice in this economy. This was a busy new store and I found some items that I wasn't even looking for, funny how this happens when items are so well priced. I finally see why so many people are saying that Big Lots is worth the look. The next time other wholesale discount stores just won't do, try Big Lots, because they have lots of big stuff, like furniture too.
5	I was so thrilled when I heard I would no longer have to make a 15-20 minute drive to Big Lots! The location is so great and convenient! The store itself if fairly new, having just opened. I usually stop by once a week to check out their inventory as it does change. Every time I've gone, I've left with a great deal! My husband and I have managed to pick up nice towels, a computer carrier, a laptop cooler, and even a TV antennae that works better than the $50 one we got from Radio Shack. Big Lots is a great place to shop on a budget and I would recommend this location to anyone!
5	I went to to check this store out just because it was new, I was so suprised about the experience here not only the staff is very friendly, they know what they are doing. I got me a sofa and loveseat for an incredible price and I was not even looking !!!!  when I saw the price I said to myself: I have to get them now ! besides that the employee told me that it was the last day those items were for that price and when I needed help to loadem in the truck, even the store manager offered to help, very professional people there ! Check the store before you go somewhere else !!!  ;)
4	Large new store, very bright, began walking around looking, checking things out, next thing I knew, I was finding a basket to put my goodies in! Good prices, clean, a lot of choices, great place to find a bargain. There were a few isles a little crowded, with holiday stuff thrown about, but it was late in the day. I like Big Lots, usually find something useful!
1	On Sunday, I bought queen size bed at Big Lots #4560. After sleeping on it for a day , we decided to bring it back because it made our backs hurt. We waited a few days before we returned it because of time. Yesterday (Thursday), we went to Big Lots and the lady in the front, Kim, said that she spoke to a manager and that it could be returned. There was one condition, for everyday that I have it, a percentage would be taken off because it was not it was not in its original packaging. Because Kim did not know how to do it, she called Jeff, who is another manager (Store #4500) said that I should come back on Friday because he was closing in 40 minutes. I guess it would've been a different story if I was buying something. So I went back to the store this afternoon and Karen Scrotin the Asst. Store Manager advised me that they could not take the bed back because it was used. I told her that we slept on it for a day and its been sitting in our room until we could bring it back. She refused to take it back but said I can go to another store and return it. She advised me that there are signs and that every 15 minutes the return policy is played every 15 minutes. You cannot hear what is being said and there are no signs about the mattress return policy in the furniture area. This did not make no sense to me. So I called all the other stores and spoke to different managers and furniture sales people at Big Lots and they all said the same thing. They cannot give me a full refund and for every day I had the bed, they would deduct a percentage. They also said that as long as I had my receipt, it's within 30 days and the bed has no stains, I can return it. I spoke to Jesse at store #4491 and he said that if store #4560 read through the policy's, I can return the bed. I finally got a hold of the District Manager, David Nielson, and he said I could return the bed but will deduct 20% off the bed. I was totally happy but, its something. When we took it back Karen said her DM does not know what he is doing that stomped outside and cut the bed up. Then had one of her guys come out and help my husband put it up on the truck. Then we were advised to go to the back and drop it in the dumpster. Moral of the story is that they lack customer service and need to be more clear on what the return policy is. If you buy anything from Big Lots, make sure that everything is in the package and has never been opened or you will be SOL. There is no 30 day policy with receipt if you opened the item. ALSO NOTE: THEY CAN DECLINE YOUR REFUND. They have this on the back of the receipt. These guys are sneaky!
4	If you can't find what you want in this store then you really didn't need it. There are plenty of items to choose from the inside of this large store. It is clean and I have had no problems w/ any of the sales staff.
5	This is probably the nicest BL store in the valley. First of all, my husband and I really like this shopping center, period (seriously could spend hours here). We went here a couple weekends ago, "to browse". You know what that means, you end up shopping, haha.This store has probably the largest selection of furniture. I spotted two pieces that I really like, by Ashley Furniture (yes, that big name brand that you're familiar with)- both pieces were $250 each, not bad for a chaise lounge and a recliner. It was fun testing them all out. It's nice to see that there is more than just microfiber furniture available (we can't have that, ever- one of my dog's hair would be all over it, in like ten minutes). About 1/4 of the store is dedicated to furniture alone.  Everything is organized very well. The aisles are in order (you know, how annoying it is when the merchandise is all over the floor scattered- not like that here). It is very CLEAN here (I don't know why some stores are in horrible condition). This is probably my favorite from the chain of discount stores. I found a greeting card, two assortments of stickers, and a bag of guacamole chips, for $7. This is why I like these stores- bargains galore.
3	I got a call from them a month later and they refunded the full amount and also advised me that they spoke with the lady who was being very rude to me. Thank you very much for taking care of me.
4	one of my favorite stores easily is big lots,i go to it more than walmart,i know that is different than most people but i find great deals on pretty much everything i buy from groceries to detergent.the best thing about them is the furniture,they have nice beds and sofas too,walmart mostly has futons and air mattresses,not something you want to decorate your house with
5	This is definitely one of the nicest Big Lots I've been to in Vegas so far... its well stocked, organized, has varieties of products and easy to find whatever you're looking for. I come here on occasions just to kill time and I cant help but buy something. Friendly staff and fast check-out. Looking forward to more shopping adventures here!
5	This is really good place to visit if you are looking for quality and inexpensive decorations, holiday decorations, kitchenware (limited), and even pantry ingredients. This store, which is located on Blue Diamond is always well staffed and stocked, so I always find what I am looking for. Specifically, this store is GREAT for finding garage and everyday tools, as well as good quality furniture at low prices. Lastly, and curiously enough, this store carries a nice variety of rare and peculiar dipping oils, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. If you have never visited big lots, make sure to come with enough time to look around. I have noticed every store is different and if you take the time to look around, you will find something you like. Hope this helps!
1	First of all, let me preface this review by saying I enjoy shopping at  Big Lots all over the country and have never encountered an employee anywhere else like Lynn S., a man who emanates misogyny and contempt consistent with an off the rails postal employee or spree killer. He was simply pissed off to be alive it seemed and argued with me about the rewards card, coupons on my cell phone "THAT MUST BE PRINTED OUT" and REFUSED to double bag my items as I requested, claiming that "They don't break unless you tear them." As he's saying that he's tearing each bag just enough to make climbing 3 flights of stairs hellish. I get being tired, I work in a customer service field but this was insane. I wish I had it on video. I push my basket up to the register after standing in the other line for 5 minutes, he rolls his eyes, sneers and says, "We thank you for overspending this evening, does your husband know you're spending his money?" I replied that I'm the one with the money and I don't need his permission and Lynn, I don't give a shit what you think about anything. If my husband was here you would have been punched for talking down to me. He has the market cornered on talking to me like a mentally impaired 5 year old. I told him to STFU and check me out or get someone on their meds to do it. Then he continually bitches remarking, "You really looked hard to find items w/o bar codes to ruin my day didn't you? I replied no, but if I knew I would encounter such a pleasant professional, I would have gotten up early today, and made it my focus to hatch a plan to ruin your day, it's all about you big guy. I bought a quesadilla maker and waffle maker for gifts otherwise I would have walked out and made a scene. People like Lynn S. are the reason I don't carry a concealed hand gun. I like the shopping center, it has just about everything I need in one trip but I'll never shop in this store again if he works there.
3	This is a  pretty basic Big Lots location. Not the neatest or most well-stocked but it's solid and you can find some good deals. I'll walk out without purchasing anything about 50% of the time since the lines tend to get backed up and they never seem to have enough cashiers handling the lines. This often deters me from purchasing anything.
5	This Big Lots is located in the same strip mall as Cost Plus.  That's really a bad sign for me.  Between the two stores, I easily spend 2 hours looking around.  And since I'm just a visitor, I mostly look at the food items.  Big Lots has really good soup mixes, has lots of usual groceries at better-than-Vons prices, and they have lots of unusual brands and items that you'd never see at a "usual" grocery store.
1	I visited store #4560 on Sunday March 30th at 7:00 pm and inquired about purchasing a twin futon bed along with the accompanying futon mattress. I was also going to purchase a sofa sectional and the tables to go with.  After speaking with the sales associate I was very concerned about the delivery company. He stated it was a third party company and was unsure what the cost would be. I explained I wasn't comfortable not knowing this and would have to pick it up myself. I told him I would be interested in purchasing it when I could pick it up but inquired if there were more of the beds because it was marked as clearance and at the price of $149.99. He took me into the warehouse and showed me there were five boxes. He stated once it was on clearance the price wouldn't go up.  On April 2nd I came to purchase over $1,200 worth of merchandise including the item. To my shock, the price increased to $249.99. I asked if they could honor the price on Sunday, not due to the fact I was ready to spend over $1,200 at BigLots, but because their associate ensured me the price would not increase. After speaking with two different people I was told the price was $249.99 and was not $149.99.  Not only has BigLots lost a $1,200 sale but a repetitive customer who will make sure to pass this experience along. Silly me to purchase furniture at BigLots, should of known better.
5	5 stars for excellent customer service!! I lost my receipt for a pack of candles I just bought. I though they would fit in my wax warmer but I thought wrong. They were too big. Luckily I didn't burn it so I was able to return it without my receipt. I showed them my rewards card and they looked it up!!I got my $6.50 back and ended up shopping and spending a nice $40 on essentials. I got tea light candles and two more wax warmers!!They are super cute and I have this amazing wax I got at the farmers market. I always come here for party supplies, scrapbook supplies and cleaning stuff. My favorite discount store!!
4	I can't hide it, I've been a Big Lots fan since I was a kid. I remember driving from my small town to the closest Big Lots store an hour away and strolling down every single aisle searching for bargains with my Grandpapa. Back then, Big Lots was more of a crapshoot but now, they are pretty organized. Remember that it's STILL Big Lots and you never know what they'll have in stock so frequent visits are rewarded. This is truly never the same store twice. Big Lots buys overstocks, discontinued and other random items. You'll find name brands next to store brands. If there's a certain food or beauty item that you love but can't find, chances are it'll eventually be on the shelf at Big Lots. Oreo has discontinued their yummy sugar free cookies (sad face) and while I gladly would pay $5 a box for them at Vons, I found 8 boxes at Big Lots for $1 each! The store is reasonably clean and organized and the employees are helpful and friendly. If you know your prices you can get some great deals. My best advice: if you see it, BUY IT. If you are wishy-washy and come back a day later, most likely what you wanted will be GONE.  If there's something I love I usually clean the shelf because it mostly likely won't be back. Sign up for their FREE Big Lots reward / shopper card and they'll send you discount coupons to use throughout the year. The best promotions are their 20% off everything in the store deals. You also earn points based on what you spend. The best departments here are the furniture, health / beauty, food, toys and cleaning products. Don't go in expecting something in particular, shop and enjoy the discovery!
