1	***Kiddos, if you're reading this right now, take if from me, you're gonna want to go visit the Hannah Montana website or check out the new dirt on that Zoe 101 star who got knocked up by her producer or some such nonsense because that's a hell of a lot more wholesome that what's about to follow. But if you want to learn a new curse word or two to awe your peers on the playground, keep reading. Who am I kidding? Kids don't read any more. There aren't enough flashy graphics on this page to keep the interest of those ADHD spider monkeys. So with that in mind...I don't usually write reviews about chain establishments, but I've got a big glass of hater-ade (venti nonfat whothefuckknows) at my side this morning and I just gotta unleash the fury before it implodes and consumes me. Ahem.Fuck Starbucks.Fuck them and the flea ridden ass they trotted in on. By some twist of fate, probably engineered by Loki, I ended up with forty dollars in gift cards to this black hole of mass consumerism and corporate greed. But far be it from me to let free money go to waste, so I've been dashing in the past few days to burn these credits as fast as plastic trees can burn. The past three visits have reinforced everything I've come to know and hate about this piss poor chain of mediocre, overpriced coffee, distilling my hatred into a seething mass of vile, putrid ichors that have accumulated somewhere in the region of my appendix. I'm in a dark, dark place right now folks.Fuck the pretentious pidgin Italian that's the closest suburban soccer moms are ever going to get to that European vacation. Tall? Venti? Grande? I'll take a fucking medium, douchetard.Fuck the burnt beans that leave the acrid taste of corporate semen in the back of your throat. Open up wide because they're about to unload right into your willing and waiting mouth, and you're going to pay them to do it.Fuck the people that order a grande half-caf nonfat pumpkin spice cappuccino, dry, extra hot, two pumps white chocolate, one pump sugarfree hazelnut. Translation: You're an asshat and I'm late for work, so get your five hundred calorie monstrosity out of my fucking way before I "accidentally" knock it all over your god damn pumps, you frigid bitch. The amount of time it takes you to order your drink at Starbucks is proportionate to what a demanding, micromanaging cuntbucket you must be in real life. It's fucking coffee. Like fucking Taco Bell, there are only so many ingredients they can mix and match to create new and zany combinations. Add espresso, cut with a mixer, add syrup. Presto chango. You have an eight dollar cup of joe.Fuck the people that hang out at Starbucks too. This morning the fucking place was packed wall to wall with affluent suburbanites in their business casual reading newspapers, playing on their laptops and sipping shitty coffee. You've gotta have some place better to be. No? Really? Your life is so dull and predictable that Starbucks is the hippest most happening place you can think of to waste an extra half an hour of prime snooze time? You know what, I can't even rip on you. That's depressing. You're spiraling downward in a haze of bitter java, suffocated by the oppressive blanket of corporate familiarity and clonelike oneness. I'll let you reside in your little coffee coffin a bit longer, free of ridicule. Unless you're the bastard with a ten part order. Then the gloves come back off. And fuck the stale baked goods and prepackaged luncheon fare at Starbucks. I had a bagel. It was hard as a rock and dryer than your mom's...I'm gonna censor that one. I had an overpriced fruit and cheese plate. Mealy apples and cheddar atop a bed of lettuce, with a wedge of brie to show you they're 'gourmet.' Suckfest. Breakfast sandwiches that I'm sure must have been display models because they bared an eerie resemblance to rubber, cardboard and sawdust. Industrial, mmm. I've also had the donuts. How on earth do you fuck up a donut?! Somehow they managed. Sensing a trend here? Cuz I'm just about beating you over the head with it. Everything offered at Starbucks is the same shit you can get at Circle K for half the price, except it's wrapped in a shiny plastic package and distributed en masse to the overweight gullets of Americans everywhere.Know what the kicker is? I had to manually add this location. Five fucking pages of Starbucks locations in the Greater Phoenix Metro Area and I had to go and add another. So fuck Starbucks.
4	I love this Starbucks. We all know every Starbucks is expensive, so forget that. But these people have our drinks memorized, if you go there alot anyways, they're on top. Good Starbucks.
5	I normally don't write reviews for Starbucks but this one deserves some kuddos. I'm here a lot waiting for my wife to finish at ASU. I do all kinds of writing here...yeah I'm there a lot :)If I want to go to Starbuck's, I try to make it this one. Especially if I want a frappuccino. For some reason, these people just know how to make it right. They are friendly here and quick. If you come there somewhat regularly they usually know your name and drink. Not to bad for a chain store. While I prefer local coffee houses, I found myself here a lot this semester. I was very pleased. Probably one of the best starbuck's I've been to in tempe. And they have a lot of comfortable seating...not just wooden chairs.
1	The Coffee - standard starbucks.The People that work here?  ZombiesI've been coming here for 6 months and order the exact same 'ordinary' thing, and NOT ONCE have that remembered what I order.  It's a friggin coffee - plain - same size every friggin time.One visiting this location should not expect any "hospitality", "emotion", "intelligence", "warmth" or any normal service that one would get at a more personal cafe.Get your coffee and leave - and remember, the coffee isn't THAT good anyway.This place sucks.
5	This is one of my favorite starbucks. The people that work here are great! They work quickly and lines go by quick and their super sweet. I love the ample seating and tons and tons of plugs. tons. :D doesn't it make you disappointed when there's nowhere for you to plug in your lappy? well, not here!I like to come here and study. keeps me focused and the coffee keeps me awake. Also, it's right in the shopping center with whole foods, jimmy johns, qdoba, pita shack, mcdonalds and it's across from smashburger and chipotle. something for every study buddy. :D
2	The beauty of Starbucks is their ability to custom make such a large variety, the downside is that they have such a large variety of possible permutations of coffee and tea drinks. I find this store gets the the order right about 50% of the time.For the 3rd time this week they got it wrong today. A Quad Grande Americano with Room should result in a nice thick Americano with a robust taste.Yesterday I only got three shots which is quite obvious and only discovered by me after merging onto the frwy and taking my 1st sip. Like on Monday, today there was no room - it was full to the top. That one or two ounces more water dilutes the taste. The barista offered to pour out the extra! Eh? I could have done that. I told him I was more concerned about the taste not the volume. If you pour some out I lose the extra espresso shot I paid for.The system of noting what you want lacks for consistency. The person who took my order was busy trying to upsell me a lb of coffee to take home.  The cashier who I again repeated my order to ignored my plea to make sure that it had "room". As I look at my cup now, it has no notation on it at all so the barista was not the problem. Why do I still go there? Because it's less than a 1/4 mile from my house and when they get it right, it's so good.
1	The only Starbucks I know that can screw up an Americano every time. I ask for room and they fill to within 1 mm of the lid then suggest that I pour the excess off when I complain. My goal is taste not volume, is that hard to understand?
5	I'm not typically in this area but found myself in south Tempe after a morning appointment. With about 10 people ahead of me in line, I knew I had hit rush hour and figured I would be waiting quite a while. To my delight, I didn't wait in line more than a couple of minutes, was helped with a smile and my drinks were out within another 5 minutes. Wish I lived closer to this location!
4	I have been to this Starbucks a couple of times and have been satisfied every time. People seem bubbly, energetic and down to earth, even early in the morning!  Thanks guys! This makes it a lot easier to start off my day! : )
4	This Starbucks always seems to have fun swag...more than that of it's surrounding Starbucks family.
3	Friendly staff, overpriced coffee. The product is always consistent but with consistency at this level you are sure to experience a more expensive product that just isn't worth the price. But hey, who doesn't already know that?At least there's free Wi-Fi...
4	The barista that's there at 5:30 am is the best, she's always cheerful and reminds me to come back in a few hours for my .55 cent refill.  I try my damnedest to get back there but I get busy and forget.  She's really nice, I try to get in her line whenever possible.  There's another barista, that rolls their eyes at me when I order an "extra large" iced coffee and they go out of their way to tell me its a "trenta" or some bullshit like that.  Look, I know you like to give your sizes cute Italian names but I was born in the good ol U S of A and last time I check, you were born in Seattle, Starbucks.  So lets not act all hoity toity when someone places an order in English.
5	Free WiFi and a Carmel Macchiato are really two things you can't beat. Your bound to run into a friendly face or three here. The staff is always pleasant and remembers my name. If your writing a screenplay, editing your latest mix tape, showing off your apple products or just a general hipster, you know this is the place to be seen.
3	The staff here is always very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, they run out of things very quickly. Today they were out of bagels, regular cream cheese, and coffee stoppers before 11 am. It's never fun finding out AFTER you order and pay for something that it's unavailable. I wish their stock was as consistent as their service, but I'm not going in there for the service.
3	Returned here again after 2 years.  The place hasn't changed.  The coffee hasn't changed.The people working in it have changed for the better.Upgrading the rating.
4	I do not often go out to Coffee, but at times you just need to. In the Summer I only drink it in the morning.  Even then it makes me too hot.So I thought I would give a nice iced coffee a try since it was mid day. I like these things sweet. so I love that Starbucks had raw Sugar. I like heavy cream and Raw Sugar, so that is what I like and they have it!Friendly staff, nice clean place.
4	Great service, great coffee, and usually very quick with my order!
4	Went to this location with friends on the way to the NASCAR race and the employees here were fast and very accomodating. My friends no sooner ordered and their drink were RIGHT THERE! Speedy service, nice & clean shop. The only drawback I saw is there's not any signage telling you where the place is, as the location is set back in a shopping center and if you blink, you would miss it.
5	My favorite Starbucks in the valley. The actual location is nice and big. The staff learned my name and order quickly and they always manage to work through the line in a timely manner (the way to this girl's heart at 7am on a weekday morning).
5	Hard to find, in Whole Food lot. All the great bakery items you'd expect from Starbucks. My sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich was hot, quick and tasty. Quick and friendly service.
4	I go to this location just about every Sunday while my son is at Sunday school.  While it is a smaller location, they do a great job.  Great staff and they get you your drinks out pretty quickly.
1	What a mess! I get it...its a coffee shop and not sure why they wouldnt be ready or more organized for morning rush. i walk in and order my drink. i checked and they showed that the Blonde roast was out but they could do a pour over.  no thanks...just dont show it available.  After waiting for second coffee to be made...i was wondering when i would get my regular brewed coffee and pastry.  i had to go back to the register for that becauae the window did not have anything else for me.
4	The staff here is very laid back and calm. My experience at some Starbucks is they are ran by crazy high strung people that try so hard to please you it comes off as forced or even creepy. These guys get your in get you out and no drama. I love it. I spend hours here reading and never have been bothered by the staff. There is another location just across the road.... go there if you like loud misbehaving misfits! I have no complaints here. Yes it can be busy.... but what place isn't anymore? I feel right at home here. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is they recently changed the seating inside and to me it is less comfortable. They took away the nice leather seats and added a community style table top. They are probably trying to get people like me to leave sooner.... but they have to try harder than that!
5	Being a recent convert to the green empire, I've been enjoying the variety of drink selection and quality of product. The staff is beyond friendly, very prompt, and always delivers excellent service. Because of this and the clean, new redesign of the store this has definitely become my favorite Starbucks location in Tempe.
3	It's a hit or miss here. I came here multiple times in 2 weeks. Sometimes I would get my drink out very quickly, and sometimes it would be the opposite. The food and drinks are good (of course), but the service wasn't there all the time. I'd skip this location and find another.
