4	A great resource to have if you're looking to see a show in Vegas. Employees know their stuff when you ask them about what's available and can save you money. You buy a voucher, and then go to the hotel/theater to exchange the voucher for the actual show tickets. Good stuff!
3	I caution folks about buying tickets from here. Frequently you can get better deals from other outlets or contacting the theaters directly. Do your research before coming to Vegas Occasionally, they will have good deals but you really have to be lucky. If it wasn't for the occasional deal, I would rate this place two stars
4	Good place for cheaper same day tickets.  Some peopel thought the prices were not that good of a deal but I found that it was.  Perhaps not for all shows but for the ones we got tickets, they were the cheapest ones around.  Of course they don't do all shows just select ones.  For example, can't get Jubilee tickets here which is definitely one of the better Vegas shows.
4	Tix4Tonight is a great resource for those looking to save some money while visiting Lost Wages.they don't have tickets to every single show in this town, but a lot of the big names are here (Cirque, Blue Man Group). we scored tickets to Penn & Teller for $64 a person.if you go in the morning and head right away to your venue to exchange the vouchers for tickets, you may luck out like we did and get bumped up from Mezzanine to Orchestra! make sure to do your research ahead of time for ticket prices - sometimes you can get better deals direct from the show/venue - but for the most part, Tix4Tonight is a great deal.they also offer discounts for meals at some restaurants.I do love saving me money. like the quote from A Christmas Story goes, "the old man loved bargaining as much as an Arab trader, and he was twice as shrewd."
4	Tix4Tonight is like our New York TKTS.  You can get well-discounted prices on shows.  You look on a digital display to see what they have to offer that day and you buy the tickets.  It's pretty easy.  They also have discounted on restaurants, including some buffets.  The sales people on the street are very aggressive.  I felt like I was in New York!  Ah, just like home  ;)
1	This was the most horrible waste of time I've ever experienced, and one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever encountered. I thought I would give them another chance since my first experience was a little rough, but not a complete fail. We purchased tickets over the phone, and went to pick them up at this location, only to be rudely told we had to wait in the huge line with the people who didn't even know what they wanted to see yet. What's the point of paying over the phone then?When we tried to express our dissatisfaction at having to wait when we'd already paid for them, we experienced the worst customer service ever- we were told that "we weren't the only ones who had to wait" and the rest of the time they spent trying to prove that we were told over the phone that we'd have t wait in line- which we weren't. Had they spent any effort on customer service, rather than trying to pull a power trip, we would have been annoyed, but sent on our way with our tickets. Instead they treated us like we were the scum of the earth, attempted to embarrass us, and wasted everyone's time, including theirs, only making us angrier. Extremely unprofessional and disappointing. For the record, a simple "I'm so sorry about the line, we usually try to make that clear on the phone but I'm sorry we didn't- let me get your tickets printed as soon as possible so you can enjoy your show" would have been fine.  HORRIBLE!
5	These guys are good!  I was really interested in picking up Monday night show tickets for Penn and Teller.  I considered paying full price, but I was lured in with a hotel coupon offering 30 percent off of mezzanine seats.  The catch, apparently, was that I had to make a special trip to the Rio to purchase them.  I tried that, and their ticket booth was conveniently closed, and their ticket kiosk did not have an option for inputting discount codes.  Instead of taking a second trip to the Rio, I opted to just stand in the very short line at Tix4Tonight to see what they could do for me.  Amazingly, I was able to save more than 30 percent and ended up with rather good seats.  Specifically, they gave me a voucher which I took to the Rio to claim my seats which are dealt out on a first come first served basis (up to an hour before the show).  I wound up with 9th row seats with a fantastic view of the stage, just behind the VIP boxes.  What a savings!  I really worried that I might end up with a seat with an obstructed view or all the way in the last row of seats in the balcony with such a deep discount; but no, I landed rather well as it were.  Definitely recommend for trying to get a discount, and the salespeople are pretty helpful, though they will try to up-sell you a dinner at restaurants that aren't doing very well in the city.  Worst case, you pay the same as other places without the hassle of a special trip and say no to eating at a Todd English restaurant; best case, get a great seat at a great price.  Sounds like an easy enough choice for me.
3	Great idea, weird setup. I had to wait out on the sidewalk to get invited into the line to order my tickets. After 20 minutes in the sun (110 degrees, which is hot for a SoCal guy) I was finally invited in.  They are a little pushy, which didn't help. Due to heat exhaustion, I got caught up in the moment and bought tickets to Chris Angel that I could've gotten at the Luxor where we were staying. It would've been a little cheaper at the Luxor because we got a special discount book when we checked in. (I did get lucky as the seats we were given at the ticket office for Chris Angel were way better than what I paid for at Tix 4 Less). Overall, it's a great concept, but just keep an eye open for better deals.
4	They list discount shows, buffets, restaurants, etc. which change everyday depending on what's available. This is the perfect place to save money if you are flexible about what show to see or where to eat. Their staff knows about different shows, restaurants, etc. and will give you recommendations. They have a tendency to try and upsell though so keep that in mind. Go here and you'll save money over the  full price.
4	This is an interesting spot to get discount tickets for shows. I found out about this when I saw a line up outside. They offer discounts for same day tickets though so keep that in mind.I wanted to see a couple of shows so I decided to check them out. They offer a good discount on show tickets, attractions and even restaurants!I would recommend going there early as it can get quite busy. Luckily if you have bought a ticket from them a day earlier you get to go to the VIP line and can bypass the crowds make sure you approach a rep to get this treatment. Other way to be a VIP is to sign up and pay an annual fee though I didn't go for that this time. Some shows do sell out or they don't have ticket so don't walk in expecting miracles.
3	The service people are very friendly and will offer tips on which shows to watch, what's available, times, etc. They will also try to upsell the restaurant deals- one offered was for a discount on the Rio buffet, which they claimed was a top 5 buffet... This location is at the Coke bottle. The lines are longer than the other locations (probably) such as the Hawaiian Marketplace, but it was closest to the hotel we were at. Plus, we didn't have a show preference yet, so the long line gave us enough time to decide and then check our phones for better deals. The wait was about 45 minutes around 10am. (Plus another 30 at the hotel to get seats.) We decided on Cirque's KA. Tickets were $96 (includes service fee) for the cheapest seats (category 3?). They were selling La Reve for about $115 (flat price), and Zumanity was about $75. They didn't have O and Mystere the day we went, although I hear they never have O. I think prices were fair. It's not the best deal, and if you plan ahead, you could probably get slightly better prices online. But for last minute tickets, it was good to be able to buy at not-so-outrageous prices. (My bf also just noticed that his MLife card offers some good show ticket discounts.)
1	staff are friendly only when you are waiting in line.Once at the counter they act as if you are wasting their time.the receipts do not show the price that you get the ticket at.they combine useless buffet menus saying they are free when the seem to charge a price for the same.you get a dollar amount when you pay without a cost breakup.after about 3 times with tix4tonight, i am starting to question their business model and possible unscrupulous practices.
1	Never again. A tiny bit of research and planning ahead will give you better results than this place. In a futile attempt to save money on a show that's impossible to save money on (Penn and Teller), I waited until I arrived in Vegas to purchase my tickets because I had read that you could get a good deal here. First things first: You aren't going to get a deal on P&T from this place. The "low" price they offer is only for balcony seats which you can find directly from the source for the same price. The good seats are either not available from them, or are going to be the same price, too. Secondly, one of their fantastic reps told me on a Wed that they were sold out and that I would have to come back tomorrow. I asked if P&T were performing tomorrow (Thurs) and she said yes. On Thursday morning I went directly to the Harrah's box office since there was a long line at Tix and I had recently acquired a coupon from Harrah's. Turned out, P&T are dark on Thursday! I marched right back to the Tix chick and punched her in the face!Ok, I didn't really punch her in the face. But I would have if I could. The bottom line for Vegas shows is this: Know that the very best won't be discounted in any way, and that you such just suck it up and pay before you get to Vegas ('O', for example). Those that have been around forever and are less popular (Jubille, Diva's) are easy to get into cheaply. The Vegas coupon books have many 2 for 1 tickets so peruse those first.
4	There are multiple locations on the strip and they always look SOOOO sleazy.  I always felt it was like a time share gimmick but I gotta admit, I was wrong.Ticket prices are on average 25% off of the box office prices and there are even restaurant discounts.  We went to Emeril's Fish House in MGM and for $3 we got 25% off of the bill.  One small note on the tickets for shows is you have to get there early to get your tickets.  Tix4Tonight, you will be visited again!p.s. Don't be a doofus like me and go to the one in the sun.  It's blazing hot and there is one outside of the Coca-Cola World that's nicely air conditioned!
3	My friends have gotten good deals to shows through Tixs4Tonight. You can get tickets to shows the day before and on the day of for up to 50% off. However, Cirque and Le Reve shows seem to be only up to 20% off and you can only buy their tickets on the day of. They don't sell "O" tixs. They also sell 20% off dining vouchers, but we didn't care for any of the restaurants on their list. Tixs4Tonight was a hassle as we ordered the tixs on the phone, then had to go to their ticket office (thankfully no lines at the time) to pick up vouchers, then go to Wynn 1 hour before the show to exchange them for Le Reve show tickets.Try Vegas.com, Groupon, or even Travelzoo beforehand for shows that you want to see.
1	Bunch of con artists. Tickets are not discounted they charge more than face value. They must have people posting fake reviews here because there is no way genuine clients could be pleased at being ripped off. Shame on the theater s which cooperate with this ripoff.
4	I appreciate Las Vegas shows. However, I don't appreciate the astronomical prices. Tix4Tonight greatly lowers these astronomical prices to the point that a show is reasonably priced.   This Tix4Tonight is located in the Showcase Mall between the Coke Cola Shop and M&M World. This location offers more elbow room than the majority of the other locations. It is air conditioned, which comes in handy during the summer.    It is easy to see what shows are playing. When you walk inside there are a few overhead monitors that display the discounted shows. Next to each discounted show is the discount, time, location, and availability.   If you decide that you are up to seeing a show there will be a line on the left that leads to the ticket counter. There was one employee by the line that asks you what your looking for today. That person also controls the traffic in the room.   From my experience here, they will sell the ticket itself. However after receiving the ticket, you have to go to the box office to get the seats. Its kind of a two step show purchasing process.  An issue that I came across was that some of the good shows were sold out. This included David Copperfield and Rock of Ages. The status of show availability changes faster than casino ownership. Within 10 minutes of showing up "Rock of Ages" went from being sold out to three available tickets. Tickets that we happily purchased.  I feel that Tix4Tonight saves money. The list below is a sample of some shows with Tix4Tonight savings.Australian Bee Gees..45% offBlue Man Group......35% offDancing Queen........45% offDefending the Caveman..50% offHarrahs Improv.......50% offHitsville..................50% offJersey Boys............50% offJubilee...................40% offTerry Factor...........40% off
2	I feel like this place is a gimmick. With a little research and planning, I feel like you can find tickets cheaper than these or same price, better seats. I think they just give you the illusion of giving you cheaper tickets. It's not like they get the remaining tickts and try to sell them fast, they buy a section at discount and pretty much sell them at the normal price. Also, dude at the register short changed me 1 dollar. I didn't say anything bc I didn't want to be a bitch..but if I give you change, instead of that extra dollar, I expect to get that dollar back. I even told him I'll give him change. whatever.
3	Good Idea: Tix4Tonight for cheap tickets for shows and buffets.Bad Idea: Having an outdoor Tix4Tonight booth on the strip mid summer at a record 118 Degrees weather day in Las Vegas. I enjoyed my first Tix4Tonight experience. It's way better than Groupon. That's another story I don't want to get in to, because Groupon customer service sucks. It was like trying to convince an Apple user that owns every Apple product to switch to Andriod. Like talking to a idiot and asking them to give up their baby. Not gonna happen. If you use Groupon consider your money lost and you we scammed and hope for the best. Customer Service will not help with issues. However, T4T you will get a better experience. I like the fact that multiple staff member passed out water to keep us semi-cool under umbrellas in the Vegas death heat. Also, nice that a person gives you the 411 on tickets when you enter the line, so you don't get to the front and find out your tickets are sold out. My only gripe is I feel the prices can be lower. This is Vegas there are a lot of free shows and comps everywhere! Also buy-one-get-one free is very common, just not at T4T.  This place is a business making bank off of tourist. If you are lazy, this place is fine, but if you ask around or have hook ups in Vegas this place is a waste of time and money. I do recommend you check out T4T, because I had a great experience. I saved money but I wasn't blown away by the savings. And I was offered other shows besides the one I was interested. Think of this place as a low budget travel agent, but not as pushy as a timeshare salesman. That reminds me! Don't fall for timeshares in Vegas. Buy your tickets. You'll thank me later. Written via Blackberry
1	Unless you are going to save a lot of money don't come here. You have to wait in line for 30 mins. Then they gave poor service.
4	Travelling to Vegas by myself, I had a mission.To see as many shows as I could get my hands on. Having a look online, this tix4tonite seemed to have the best deals and the most options.With several outlets posted conveniently around the main strip, I used two outlets on my 2 night trip and watched aka by Cirque Du Soleil and the Blueman show.What a treat! When you get to the booth, they will have a listing of all available shows and you can pay by card which is very handy.
4	There were a few mistakes but they were able to take care of it so I was ok with their solution thankx again
