5	great service, tons of stuff in stock and willing to special order. one of the best shops in az for sure.
5	Adventure Bicycle Company always gives above and beyond service.  The owner Bill and his staff are knowledgeable, friendly, and incredibly helpful.  You wont find a better bike shop in the East Valley.
4	I give this shop a good review based on the great inventory and selection.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the guys didn't want to come out of the shop to help me out and even seemed a little annoyed when I asked them to ring up my purchase. I haven't used their shop, so it doesn't factor into this review.
1	****Beware****These guys are not skilled mechanics and I doubt they even ride. I went in there twice and both times all they do is up sale you.Also there are young adults working on your stuff not skilled mechanics..If you don't want to be robbed stay away!!!!
1	I called to find out on a specific item which they said they have (size, color and make) but I was on a wild goose chase by driving from downtown Phoenix on my lunch break.  I will not go back.
5	Everyone here always goes above and beyond to help with any of your cycling needs!
5	Full Suspension, 29er Tires, Tubeless Tires, Disc Brakes, Light Weight, that I do not have to upgrade for a few years is what I was looking for. Brand names didn't matter too much as long as it was one of the common ones. So I just bought a Trek Fuel EX 7 29, a helmet, and gloves from A.B.C. today and it was a good experience. I did my homework online being new to bikes in 2013 but I still needed a bit of insight from an experienced rider. My previous bike was from the 90s and although it still rides, it is way out of date and seen better days.I walked in and Zach helped me out, answered all my questions and gave insight to the latest bike technology and where to ride trails in the area. I was also about to buy a $200+ bike rack before I went in to A.B.C. and Zach hooked me up by adding a $35 bike mount to a 2x6 piece of wood that easily goes in the back of my truck bed that my bike can set in for travel. I checked out a few other bike shops in the area with kind of uninterested employees who didn't seem like they even owned bikes and these guys here at A.B.C. seem to all enjoy riding bikes and each employee said they owned both mountain and road bikes. Pretty happy with my purchase even though I am getting use to 2013 prices, ouch! But you really get what you pay for. I just went for a quick ride tonight along the canal in my neighborhood and I can not wait to take this thing out on the trails! ;-)
5	Very easy going style in this shop.  You will not find any up sale.  Service is exceptional my husband has been a customer since it opened.  Don't let the bad review fool you.  They have great wrenches that work there.  Could have been a bad day.  But will all the years of service we have had we have never had a problem.  I love yelp and am an elite but some customers who are angry never give people the opportunity to make things right....before they blast someone. If you are in the biking community you find they have an outstanding reputation based just on referrals alone.
5	These guys are awesome! Very friendly,'know their stuff and great service! Highly recommend this place if you have bike needs!!!
5	Bill and his staff have been helping me w my needs for years. Best bike shop in town.
4	They carry some good mountain and BMX bikes. I don't ride road bikes so I can't tell you much about the selection of those. Last time I was in the mechanics seemed a little young but overall I have had good experiences here.
5	When the manufacturer didn't offer the right bike, options, color scheme that I wanted, these guys offered to custom build it for me! Love my cruiser!!!
5	This place was great! We needed a new wheel for someone's bike trailer. Came in, received immediate service, had questions answered very clearly by someone who was evidently knowledgeable; and had our new wheel, with old tire, fixed up for us within minutes. I would highly recommend this place so far, and if we need anything else bike related, we know we will come here first.
