4	Cheap drinks & good atmosphere, sort of far, yet if you're already in the area, it's worth checking it out.
4	Sometimes you just want to go to a BAR!  This is not the place to be seen or anything - more of a place to kick back with some reebs!Pool table, shuffle board, golden tee, and it has a seperate restaurant if you want to sit in a booth.  It is normal bar food, good hamburgers & they have the seasoned fries too (nice and crispy).  Service is usually pretty good.Happy hour....drum roll please...........$1.50 draft beers & $5.00 pitchers!!!  What?  Watched an entire laker v celtics game and it was $20 between 3 peeps!!!
4	I've passed this establishment many times. Read a few reviews here decided to give it a try. Glad we did, went on a Sunday morning..This must be a 49'er watering/cheering hole. Typical bar place with a area for  a restaurant. Menu is really quite diverse with all kinds of offerings from snaks, lunch, dinner  and breakfast. Server was very up front / helpful. She thought breakfast and lunches were the best, especially burgers.  I elected the chorizo quessidella, partner eggs/patty/hasbrnws. I was prepared to give this place a negative review simply because the wait time for a meal is a bit long...45 min. When the order arrived  I changed my mind. Portions are really large!!! Server said wait time is long simply because kitchen space is very small. With two cooks working line space is short. Order was correct, pipping hot. It was great. This is a good place to come if you just want to grab a brew, play some pool, cheer for your fav football team. Lots of flat screens abound. Your eyes arn't far from one.Doesn't matter if your at the bar or seated the restaurant. From what I overheard Happy Hour is cheap and fun...enjoy...
2	I heard from a coworker that this was a really cool place to go so me and the SO decided to check it out. When you open the door the smell of smoke is a bit overwhelming but that doesn't bother us to much so we proceeded to seat ourselves in the restaurant area. Since we had to seat ourselves we had to wait for the waitress to notice we were there. It took about 10 minutes before we were greeted. You know what? No big deal. We can look past that.Mark ordered the chicken fried steak, I decided on the hawaiian burger. It seemed to take an unusually long time for us to receive our food, but being the understanding couple we are we didn't think too much of it. The bar was far from empty. She placed our food on the table. Chicken fried steak for Mark... but a mushroom burger for me? I immediately brought the mistake to the waitress' attention. She apologized and said she remembered seeing a hawaiian burger in the kitchen and would bring it right out. 10 minutes later she brings out a red rock chicken sandwich. That sandwich is similar to the hawaiian burger I ordered (it had a pineapple slice on it) so I didn't notice that she had given me the wrong item again. I waited about 5 more minutes for her to check back and told her that she had once again screwed up my order. She apologizes, blames the mistake on the computer and says she will put a rush on a hawaiian burger.Before she left the table I asked her for another beer. She doesn't bring me that for another 15 minutes, and my burger finally arrives another 15 minutes after that. Mark had already finished his dinner so instead of sitting there longer I asked for a to-go box. She comped our second round of beers but I honestly felt that was not a good enough resolution. Instead of making a big deal about it we paid and went on our way. The unfortunate part about the whole experience is that Mark thought his food tasted good. My hawaiian burger, eaten cold at home, wasn't bad either. That by no means makes up for bad service.
1	This was my second foray to the place. Prior experience was pretty good considering. You will arrive thru a cloud of smoke, which you can wave past quickly to the restaurant area. Suggest you get a booth farthest from the bar. Server was quick with the beverages (coffee). Order taken quickly as well..........goes down hill from here......50 minutes later our order arrives. Their was a 3 top which came in after us, however they were served prior to our order, by 20 min. Partners order eggs, pancakes,bacon. Call the server back say its cold..."oh I'm sorry" Do you want me to put it in the microwave and heat it up. I was a bit taken aback. Thought she might offer to replace the order, but then thought hum if I waited 50 minutes, how long would I have to wait for a replacement order. Said no...my gripe is that I have no doubt she either turned in our order late or she just let it sit.....at any rate my tip reflected her prompt and really stupid service. If you plan to eat here...give yourself lots of time..If your pressed for time...give Denny's a try.
4	We always drove by this place and noticed it's filled with a decent amount of people. We decided to come check them out since most places were closed on Thanksgiving, but bars will be open even if the effing Rapture comes.So I was feeling a beer, but there wasn't much selection (at least for a craft person like me). Grabbed ice teas and we shared a "tall" (24oz, $5) of NewCastle. This place has some really cheap pitchers (I believe they range from $5-9 bucks during game times/happy hour)  so it's a good spot if you like whats on draft (Bud, Bud Light, Miler, Coors, Newcastle, Fat Tire, Pyramid Hefe). We got some appetizers:Fried Mushrooms ($6.99)- these were quite nice. The batter was nicely seasoned and stayed very crunchy despite it holding a watery vegetable. I really like fried mushrooms but most places don't have a batter that holds up. Artichoke&Spinach dip ($6.99)- pretty standard, but done right. Melty, creamy goodness. I appreciate that the chips were warm. Dinners:I grabbed the Red Rock chicken sandwich (grilled pineapple, teriyaki sauce and melted swiss cheese- $8.49) and got it with a side of potato salad. The sandwich was juicy and had a good crispy char. It was rather tall once the lettuce, onions, pickles and top bun come into play so it's a fork and knife kinda situation. The potato salad is the usual mustard mayo base and what I would describe best as a "family picnic style" w/ some shredded carrot, black olive, hardboiled egg, and a bit of macaroni. The BF got a turkey club ($7.99) with spicy fries. The key with a club is crispy grilled bread (both sides), crispy bacon, quality turkey slices and fresh veggies in a proper ratio and you're golden. The spicy fries are not spicy, but more "spice-y" with a good layer of seasoning. Yeah, we had a bit of room for dessert and grabbed a Xango (Deep fried banana caramel cheesecake wrapped in a pastry crust rolled in cinnamon sugar, topped with chocolate syrup and powdered sugar and whipped cream, $4.29) This was okay. Posed a bit of problem with the filling gushing out, but the flavors were decent. FYI- I posted pics and prices to help out, there is a usmenuguide for this place, but it is outdated. Originally we dropped by a few days ago and while we were perusing the menu, the GM said they can't serve food because of a grease fire occurred a few hours earlier and it'll be a while. He apologized since he blanked out on it, gave us his card and invited us back to give them a try. He was so nice so we definitely made it a point to come back in. He did give us a discount for our meal, but definitely it was some solid bar food. I'm slowly starting to appreciate American food...haven't before and it's little quiet bars that are changing my mind about it. The only place for me that it lacks on is beer selection. I go to Big Dogs down the street if I'm feeling beer, but their menu at night is stripped down. If I feel bar food variety- I will head here.
4	I have been here a few times and I must say I like it, thought I have to agree about what others have said when it comes to ordering food. Sit at the bar and you have no problems, $5 beers are awesome as is to me the atmosphere. The bartenders have always been nice and on top of things.As to the food, I have only eaten here once while sitting at the bar and I doubt I will eat there again. The experience was 50-50, the wings were good and tasted fresh, but the artichoke dip came out lukewarm so we sent it back and it came out a bit hotter but not that great, I'm thinking its nuked and it had a really bitter flavor.The bartender was very cool though she took it off the bill without me needing to ask for that and because the bartenders are cool I will still visit for the beers ;)So I'm giving 4 stars as I do like this place and the service has always been great for me and the beers cold ;P
4	If you want some inexpensive and really good food (especially for a bar), then this is a great place.  The fries are really good, always hot, and have a very tasty seasoning on them.  Some of the servers will even remember what you had even if you've only been there a couple times.  They have pool tables, some video games, slot machines, and lots of HD TV's.I used to go over there for lunch often when I worked across the street.  The food is better than just "bar food"!And when the bill comes...it's always less than I expected!
4	Great place to go if you're a 49'er fan!  Friendly staff, good food, and lots of 49'er fans during football season.  Drink prices are great:  $3.00 for big beers and $2.00 for pints.  Food is reasonable and good  too.  Will definately return again!
1	Slow service,terrible steak tacos ( or should I call them grizzle tacos) loud crappy music,uncaring waitress and bartendress. Gave the place three chances,that's all they get.No more !!!
3	Went for burger and beer, Yup I'm that kinda of girl..lol but the burger was really good, juicy, I did try "tried" their Lemon Drop..Yeah NO!..real watery and NO SUGAR around the rim?!? Just wrong.. Other then that good!
2	Went for NFL kick-off,  What was reportedly a 49ers bar has turned to whatever game is on.  Not sure why they have abandoned the 9'ers.  Ordered a burger with onion rings on the advice of the server after classifying both as "amazing."  Burger was over cooked...even tough.  Onion rings were deep fried hard with the centers rather cool telling me they sat for a bit.  My blessed other half did a 12 wing split between BBQ and teriyaki.  Wings were rather good.  Fries were ordered with them and hand to remind the server of the order.  Then she asked twice if she wanted fries.  Now why would we have ordered them?  Did a Coors Light on tap...beer was cold but far from ice cold.  Ordinary bar food, over cooked, short menu selection considering, cold but not ice cold tap beer, mediocre service.  Probably will not return.  Many other sports bar choices that are far superior.
1	Sat down after the UFC viewing party with 2 buddies and after 15 mins and not 1 person stopped at our table we left! WIll not return.
4	Love the staff, the happy hour specials. Who doesn't want free beer thrown upon them???
2	If there is a next time, maybe the food will be better if we specify for the cook that we dont want our bread/buns incinerated. My pizza was good aside from the crispy sides and crust, reminded me of freezer pizzas I cook at home... my uncle's burger was good, no complaints. Food took at least 30 minutes to get out. Probably why it was burnt and fries were cold.Great waitress though thats the only real positive thing. She offered to replace the food but we were running short on time so she took one item off. Perhaps maybe an additional price adjustment should have been made for the overall issues but oh well.Go for drinks not the food.
5	The chicken fried steak is so awesome, it's so huge and filling. Honestly I haven't tried anything else due the the great deal and the fact it's so much food. I come with a large group and it is still quick service and fresh food. I would recommend this to everyone.
5	We love eating breakfast at this place. They have a very reasonably priced menu. I always order the steak and eggs for breakfast and it is always so good. I find myself craving it the rest of the week. The atmosphere is very laid back. The wait staff is very friendly and helpful. I recommend this place to everyone I talk to. If we have friends in town we always come here for breakfast.
5	... been coming to his locals hangout here for years; they have the best inexpensive classic grilled burgers and beer pitchers in Vegas!
