3	Superior continental breakfast compared with hotels triple the rate: waffles, fresh fruit, good coffee, real whole milk were my choices among the more than adequate spread. Surprisingly comfortable lobby for a low-budget hotel.  Nice park across the street. Convenient to NODA (Charlotte arts district).
4	Clean, close and cheap!  Bonus for the awesome continental breakfast!We were making our way to Charlotte to do a 5K and the only reason we got a hotel room was so we didn't have to drive up the morning of the race.  That said, my main concerns were that the place was clean, close and cheap.Continental Inn was only a few exits away from our 5K and a few exits away from the mall (we went to The Cheesecake Factory for dinner) so it was an ideal location.  The room was $52.00 for the night including taxes.  Also included was a wonderful breakfast in the nicer than expected dining/lounge area that is in the same room as the check-in desk. It included coffee, make your own waffles, tea, a variety of milk and juice, fruit, hard boiled eggs, oatmeal, pastries, muffins and 3 kinds of cereal.  I had a waffle, coffee and a couple of eggs.  All were tasty. For what we ate for breakfast we probably would have paid $10-15 for at a restaurant so it was a good deal!The rooms were very clean and had more amenities than I anticipated.  Refrigerator (this was not cold at all when we arrived... I think they had it on the lowest/warmest setting), microwave, coffee maker, blow dryer, iron and ironing board were all provided.   Plenty of towels, toiletries and coffee were also present.I maybe would have liked 4 pillows on the bed instead of 3 but really?  For the price and location Continental Inn couldn't be beat.  We would definitely stay there again.PS - There is a Bojangles across the street and a Wendy's right next door.
1	Well, we checked in at around 10:30pm to the hotel. There was an Indian called Nilay. Gave only one key, when there were 2 of us. When we entered the room, we found roaches on the coffee plate and machine and the place was stinking with smoke ( we took a non-smoking room). We just ran out of the place to talk to Nilay and said the same and asked for a refund. He said he cant do anything because we booked from booking.com. He said we had to call the booking.com for refund. Now at 11:30 pm we were searching for another hotel. It was raining heavily outside. Then I called up booking.com and told about the situation. And after they contacted Nilay, they told that he went upstairs to check and did not find any roaches and room was stinking. I was like "Reallly !?". When I told him at the time we left/asked for refund, he did not even deny the fact about roaches and also did not come up with us to verify the situation and now he tells that there are no roaches and room was not smelling.Great ! I was just done with this.Definitely not recommended.I hope there were negative stars !
