4	I drive past this place everytime I am on my way to the 485 or coming back.  It seems crazy crowded on certain occasions. I was invited out for some pool and drinks, and I was already curious about the place so here is my review.For those who love to shoot pool and have some drinks, this is a great bar.  They have 7 full size tables (maybe more), along with a punching bag game, ping pong, darts.  The pool cues were straight (made of fiberglass I think, but felt ok).  There were TVs everywhere, so I am sure its great for games also, and the night I went they had singers getting judged.  Some better than others.The food was typical fare for any bar, and the beer selection was also typical.Service was great, with our server walking by just enough to make sure we didn't need anything.
3	Nothing really special about this place.  The bar food was probably a little subpar but I wasn't expecting much.  Thought the pool tables were pretty well maintained aside from the fact that there isn't very many pool tables to begin with. If you're looking for a typical place to hang out, this looks like it. Beer, bar food, pool, and some huge tv screens to watch games.dmo out
2	The service was friendly and the beer is cold. Have to give a thumbs down on the food though. I had the mahi mahi, chicken & rice soup, and macaroni and cheese. The fish was ok but the mac and cheese was warm on top and cold in the center. The chicken & rice soup was pretty bland. A friend of mine had a Philly cheesesteak that used GROUND BEEF. This place may be a great venue for watching sports and drinking beer, but the food needs improvement.
2	Here for Pool League game.  Most tables are well groomed, balls are shiny and nick free.  Plenty of TVs to keep up with NFL Sunday games.  Food is a bit over priced and nothing to write home about.  Service is good, wait staff is very friendly.
3	It's nice to have a place that opens late on Sundays. We had some friends in from out of town and couldn't figure out what to do aside from the usual eating. One of my friends suggested Bailey's. I've never been, but was pretty excited to play pool again. I haven't played in years!Bailey's was PACKED! I didn't expect such a big crowd, but it was pretty saturated with what looked like college students. It kinda made me feel old and out of place lol Nonetheless the environment was very relaxed with open mic for karaoke and corn hole outside. The location is very spacious so despite the crowd, the wait for a pool table was not long at all. The food was pretty decent. We ordered wings, chicken tenders and fries (typical bar food) while we played. Prices for drinks/beer were reasonable. They have daily specials so check them out!Overall, a great hangout place.. especially when everything else closes at 9.
4	Down in South Charlotte, This place is where u would want to go for a night of pool and beer. this place host regular events, like Pool tournaments, Poker nights, UFC PPVs, and even karaoke contest. the crowd that comes here are generally respectful. not the kind of drunk bar guys u will meet in Moe's bar in The Simpsons.  Pool is very reasonably cheap they have bout 7 full size table and i think 3 - 4 smaller ones, but the also got Darts,  Foosball, Corn holes and even a Punching Bag Machine (which im not a big fan personally)  they have differen't pool rate per hour according the day of the week that ur playing, ranging from $5-10 an hour,   They do have drink specials or even a meal special which is good, people always wants a deal lol.   i have to say the place has undergo some big changes in the last 5- 6 years, things on the menu,  staff, the atmosphere, i have to say now its much better than before, except the food cause they dont have my God Father Melt no more ='( PS their chicken fingers were really tender and juicy tho.... O_O
3	This place is your typical sports bar... A ton of TVs and pool tables. If you are sports fan, this is where you want to go to watch your favorite games. UFC Fights are shown with a $5 cover. If you are a fan of Fox and Hound and their food, you will live this place as they are from the same group.  We experienced very good service on my most recent trip. Does this place have something that will make me want to become a regular? No, but it's a nice spot to watch a special sports event or share a few drinks as there isn't a plethora of bar options in the Ballantyne area. I'm giving it 3 stars because I wasn't wowed or found myself clamoring to come back.
4	Take the kids in the day for free pool. The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.  The food is pricey for bar food, so we usually just get an appetizer.
4	Fun place to hangout Sunday night. Pool, beer pong tables, karaoke and nice bar.
4	Bailey's is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food.
4	Pool, beer and food. Nice combo!
2	This is a sorority ran facility. I was uncomfortable the majority of the time I was there. Lots of pool tables is nice. The clientele is all male and I'm not surprised with the staff they have. I will not go back to this Baileys/Fox and the Hound.
4	After playing the "I don't know what I want for dinner what do you want" game with my friends we decided to visit Bailey's Sports Grille. We were excited that we could get some good food and play some pool, darts or cornhole. The food was pretty good and the service was great. We spent several hours at Baileys and really had a great time. I look forward to coming back!
3	I usually hit this place on Mondays for their lunch special.  The burger and fries are some of the best I've ever had but the wait is what kills it.  I've never been in there and gotten my food in less than 45 minutes, going to lunch here usually takes about an hour fifteen.  The waitresses are also friendly but stay at the bar, a couple times I've had to go up front to get their attention so I can pay and leave.
2	I have been going to Bailey's for two years to watch the UFC pay-per-view events.  Their food is good, beer selection is good, they have good specials, and the atmosphere is good.  They have tons of TV screens, too.  So, why did I only give them two stars?  The bathroom.  The men's room is the most filthy, disgusting, poorly-designed atrocity I've ever seen.  It reminds me of the "TOILET" in Trainspotting.  There are two urinals that are six inches apart.  Two people cannot use them at the same time because they're too close together, and there is no divider.  The last time I was in there, the dividing wall around the toilet had been pulled almost completely out of the wall, too.  I will overlook a lot of things, but this is just the worst ever.
2	You would think fried chicken would be simple... Absolutely horrible.  A night visit only added insult to injury. 3 waitresses and still had to return one drink for lack of alcohol. If you want to shoot pool, go during the day, otherwise, stay clear!!!PS: I had to remind them of the "drink" to get it removed from the bill.
5	If your young and live in the Ballantyne/Pineville area this is a great spot! I reccomend Sunday Funday (a collaboration of karaoke/beer pong/pool/darts and great drink specials).  The staff is why I come back! (Jillian/Melissa/Lindsay/ Colleen and many more) The staff is friendly and personable.  It's honestly the Cheers bar of Charlotte. Super laid back and safe!
1	Absolutely the worst bar I've been to . After about 5 drinks I realized they purposely made their drinks extremely weak. I spent so much money and barely got tipsy. I told the bartender I was disappointed with my drinks and she literally screamed at me as I walked out of the door ( I still left her a good tip!) I will never ever go there again. Trashy, nasty and extremely rude staff. There was even a fight with some dude broke glass and almost hit us with it and there was no real bouncers- just a few people who worked there who barely stopped him from attacking us. Completely ruined my night-especially the rude bartenders.
4	Inconsistency is the only consistent thing about Bailey's.  I'm giving it 4 Stars because we have had far more good experiences than bad ones but you don't know quite what you're going to get when you go.  Food is generally good but it can be slow.  If you're hungry be sure to order some starters as soon as you arrive. They still might take 20+ minutes.  Wings, nachos, and other bar food is usually pretty consistent though there are exceptions.  Usually their chicken tenders are outstanding--among the best I have ever had.  However, sometimes they serve a substitute which are among the worst I have ever had.  Service is also hit and miss.  Even with a good waitress we find that they are "gone" far more than they are circulating.  They tend to congregate at the bar, particularly when things are slow.  Some are good at their job and seem to be competent and happy that they are in food service.  Others act like they despise being in food service and seem like they'd rather be doing ANYTHING other than waiting on the general public.  The place does need a really good clean-up and re-fresh.  The men's restroom is worse than any bowling alley or bus station I've ever been to.  It's the worst of any restaurant I've ever been to and has been for years.  It needs major repairs and cleaning.  Ideally it should be completely overhauled with completely new facilities, improved ventilation and some sort of deodorizer.  It seems to be undersized for the place and between that and apparent vandalism, it's always in poor shape.  I like the good experiences I have had at Baileys.  If they could fix and maintain the restroom and improve wait staff service they'd have a consistent 4 Star place on their hands.
1	Went in the other day and it was my first time hearing that they were a private bar. I've been here about 5 other times through the year. I didn't want to sign any forms for membership that night, I just wasn't in the mood. As I was leaving the staff was kind enough to insult me with saying what kind of a person was I that I couldn't afford the membership. Well with attitude like that I won't ever consider spending my money here again. If the owners let the staff get away with this level of service then I suspect everything else is being neglected. I suggest you visit another bar before considering this place. There's plenty other spots with a lot friendlier staff in Charlotte.
1	Went to Baileys about a week ago to celebrate my birthday with some friends. There were four of us and two of us got up from the table to use the restroom. When we came back my best friends iPhone was no longer on the table. In a panic, we are looking around the table and around us and looking at the people that were at the tables near us - it was no where to be found. Thanks to "Find my iPhone" - the iPhone turned up in our waitresses back pocket. The manager came out and the waitress swore up and down that she had no idea how it got there. The manager let us know that she was going to let her go that night if the story stuck. The waitress got out of that one and still has her job somehow after trying to steal a customer's phone. HATE Bailey's. I can understand that a customer is not always right - but when a customer's phone ends up in the servers back pocket - some action needs to be taken.Will not be returning.
1	Your staff is horrendous to say the least. I will be filing complaints to the BBB, health department, and whom ever will listen (or watch the videos). I have a Video of all of the following. Your bartender completely ignoring our party of two, as we are speaking directly too her, and her making us repeat ourselves 3 times and still didn't answer our question. I confronted her about her lack of attention and being disrespectful. She stated it was busy and that other people needed her attention too we weren't the only people there. There were 6 people total sitting at the bar including our party. Even then she continued to have her conversation with the manager about (Facebook, instagram ect.) One of the employees at the establishment knew my friend who I had come to pick up from there. She (the employee) left without paying her tab. The bar tender proceeded to tell us that someone needed to pay it and it wasn't going to be coming out of her money. I explained to the bartender that if she made an arrangement for her co worker to come back and pay that is not our responsibility. After about ten min of conversation and the bartender speaking to us like we were animals I asked to speak to the manager. The bartender refused to close out my friends tab until either her co worker came back or we paid for her drinks. The manager never came, the bartender continued to be excessively rude. Slamming things around ect. Finally after being stuck in your establishment against our will for 45 min with the manager no where in sight.. the employee who left her tab open arrived. On the way back from using the filthy restroom, with a hole in the wall where there used to be a urinal and the sink that looked like a crew of diesel mechanics came through, I saw the manager on my way back to the front of the restaurant. I stopped and asked her if she was the manager. She was in the process of asking the cook to make her food stating. "You know I'm a good person ill pay you back." Also at this point the employee who had left is now standing there and so is the bartender. I asked to speak with her and ask her if this was normal practice for your bartender to say to a guest who has never been to the establishment before (or even someone that knew the employee) has to pay for an employees drink who walked out on there tab. After I said that I had never visited the establishment before the bartender who is standing to the side says "YES YOU HAVE" and I again told her that I had not at which point she has thrown her arms in the air and storms away. At that same time the cook who the manager was just bribing sticks his head out of a service window and says (he also sounded intoxicated) "I've heard him being very disrespectful the entire time". Now don't get me wrong I was not very pleased that we were forced to stay there while the bartender withheld my friends credit card, but i was not disrespectful. At that point I had informed the manager that I had been recording this circus act unfolding in front of me. Her response was "awesome". As she sputtered making no sense something about the bartender and it being her friend, she proceeded to tell me "I didn't have time for this or you right now, I appreciate that so go back and watch your video". And walked away. I've tried to explain in the best of my ability what had transpired that night but the videos are unbelievable. I will never again visit a Baileys, I frequent Fox and Hound regularly with work functions and your bartenders there are less than favorable but bearable. I would appreciate a rapid response to this issue, preferably a phone call, and I never want anyone to have to deal with such barbaric people as my friend and I have. You might want to think about new staff. Especially the manager stealing food from your company. I believe her name was Lisa.
