5	Just what I need... another self serve frozen yogurt shop close to home!I noticed the sign for Zen Zen Yogurt a few weeks ago and it's finally open, and yes - I'm getting the FTR!After a filling dinner at Pita Jungle, we happened to wonder over to Zen Zen this evening for some dessert.  We were greeted immediately by Duke, one of the owners.  He told us they just recently opened and as a matter of fact, they will be celebrating their grand opening this Saturday (4/17) from 11am - 10pm.  He gave us sampling cups and we went to town... (not really, but I wanted to write that!)The store is clean and colorful... there were some other customers enjoying FroYo that were chatting with us while we checked it out.  I sampled the Red Velvet, and then filled a cup with part Peanut Butter and part Chocolate.  All of the flavors were creamy and delicious... even the chocolate which was no sugar! Jared went with a variety of tart flavors including Green Tea, Pomegranate, and Original.  We both chose from their variety of toppings including all kinds of fresh fruit, cereal, marshmallows, chocolate, mochi, and boba.  Yes, I said boba!  It was $6.42 total for both of our concoctions... 39 cents per ounce.  (Yikes - I just did the math and that means that we shared a total of 16.46 ounces - that's a lot!) Susie, Duke's cousin, rang us up.  Duke informed us that they always have at least one dairy free flavor and I noticed that most of the flavors were gluten free as well... they also offer a shaved ice machine, which Duke recommends putting in your cup and mixing with the frozen yogurt.  I will have to try that next visit!If you're looking to try the latest and greatest frozen yogurt in town, go support this family owned and operated business and get your Zen Zen on!  I'm sure I'll be back again soon.  Mmmmm!
5	We just tried this out this afternoon following lunch at Pita Jungle next door.   It's a self-service yogurt shop where you pay by the ounce once you've finished your creation.  The offerings included the standard vanilla and chocolate, but also less traditional offerings like Irish Mint and Red Velvet were also available.  They offer a taste of any of the products, and you can mix multiple types of yogurts in your container.  They also offer a variety of standard yogurt shop toppings for your creation.I had a combination of the Irish Mint and Latte yogurts, with a couple of toppings.  The yogurt itself was smooth, creamy and well flavored.We'll likely be dropping by here in the future.
5	Zen Zen has a fantastic selection of rotating flavors and an even greater selection of toppings.  I noticed that even carry a few toppings that I have never heard of or seen in other yogurt shops.  The Staff/Owners are super friendly and passionate, asking what flavors I would like to see on the menu next.  Delicious...keep up the good work!
5	Any place that lets me eat red velvet frozen yogurt is instantly tops on my list. Lots of awesome toppings (some that are not very commonly offered anywhere), great service, and very clean and spacious. They also have a great second option with their shaved ice. I would recommend this place to everyone in town.
4	Good selection of flavors, that aren't the usual in comparison to places like Mojo. The plain ol' vanilla didn't taste over sugary, and the red velvet cake is amazing. The only thing I don't like about Zen Zen is that they don't let their customers self serve themselves with the mini sample cups.
4	despite that it was almost closing time when we arrived, and i was inhaling bleach, this diy yogurt spot is good! served myself some yogurt of the red velvet, cake batter, and mango sorbet variety. any place that carries mochi is pretty neat, however, it would be nice if they offered more mochi selection. will visit again!
4	If you live or work in the  Arcadia area and you like frozen yogurt or shaved ice, you have to check this place out!  It's self serve which means you pay per ounce so you can get as much or as little as you like.  They have an excellent selection of flavors and toppings too!  Ask the owner what he suggests and he'll give you a quick lesson on how to make a perfect shaved ice (which includes frozen yogurt).   My favorite right now is the Very Berry Sorbet combined with the Orange Sorbet and topped with Fruity Pebbles cereal...truly amazing.  The owner and his cousin are AZ natives and have a good thing going here.  Check it out one of these HOT summer days....you won't be disappointed.
5	Owners are great people and they do a fantastic job of taking care of the customer. My kids and I love their yogurt. I always end up with the carob chips and chocolate. Very delicious!
5	I finally had the chance to try out one of the newest fro yo shops to hit Phoenix and it just took one bite to make me realize what I've been missing all these months! When I first walked into Zen Zen, I noticed how spacious and clean it was. They could definitely fit more chairs and seating inside but instead, they kept it very "zen-like" and open for the crowds that make Zen their sweet destination on nights and weekends. I asked for a sample cup but the girl took me to the frozen yogurt and poured it for me. I'm not sure if they do this for everyone. The attention was nice, but I wonder how it works when it's crowded? Anyway! I tried a couple different flavors. Oh creamy wonders of the world! The frozen yogurt is some of the creamiest I've tasted and trust me, I've tasted plenty of frozen yogurt.I decided to go with the ultimate chocolate combo: chocolate milkshake and Reece's peanut butter cup. The yogurt is so creamy and rich, a little satisfies even the most serious of sweet tooth cravings. The frozen yogurt is reasonably priced as long as you don't fill it to the brim which takes will power not to do because the frozen yogurt is so good. The only main issue is parking, but that's a problem for the complex and not Zen Zen. It would be ideal if they could reserve a couple of parking spaces up front so that visitors can get in and out with fro yo in hand. But, Zen Zen is so good that I will search for a spot until I find one!
5	This truly is as good as it gets for self-serve frozen yogurt shops. Clean shop, crazy-great and very personal customer service, amazing flavor selection (which I read from other reviews that it rotates, which of course means I MUST return to try other flavors!).I love frozen yogurt, and had not had a truly satisfying experience at any of the 8700 self-serve fro-yo shops that have popped up all over town over the past few years. Usually the texture is very icy (which I'd expect and accept on the sorbets and non-dairy choices, but not the yogurt choices), or the flavors are just "meh... ok." They've all been disappointing, and most definitely have not left me excited to return.But Zen Zen. Wow. SO DAMN CREAMY. And the flavors are perfect. I tried Cake Batter, Red Velvet, Vanilla, Chocolate, Pistachio, Irish Mint as well as the Mango and the Watermelon non-dairy sorbets. The only drawback I see to this shop is that it's not in my neighborhood and I have to take a little drive to get there. Still, it's worth it. SO worth it. This is the beginning o a delicious new friendship.
4	4.5 stars from me. What I like best about this place is the selection of toppings! They simply have things that no other yogurt place has! Like.... the Almond Roca topping. (I swear I go there for just that....) Or... the Nutella topping... love Nutella!I go here because it's the close FroYo to my house, and I think it's less per oz than other places. (Hey, it all adds up, right?)Staff is friendly, and it's always clean inside. :)
5	Best Gluten Free Yogurt around- can be found at Zen Zen.  If you want unique flavors and healthy choices then visit Zen Zen Yogurt in Phoenix on Indian School near Pita Jungle.  And they have the BEST Vanilla in town don't forget to sample it.
4	Not quite as good as Yogurt Land on the account that they don't have as many flavors or toppings. But the ice cream is fresh and so are the toppings. The place is super clean and for under 40 cents an ounce, I'm in.
3	I keep waiting for this place to close since both times I have gone in, we have been the only patrons.  Seem like nice people and a clean location.  I hope they make it.
4	Needed an afternoon sugar pickup and saw this place.  Pleasantly surprised with great tasting frozen yogurt at this self-serve shop.  Saw red velvet for those that crave the real thing.  Toppings are aplenty but wish they had some mochi like some of the other yogurt shops.  It's fairly new and there isn't much seating indoors but it's got a few tables outside next to the coffee shop.   Will definitely stop here again soon.
4	With frozen yogurt and ice cream novelty shops popping up on nearly every corner in the Arcadia/Biltmore area, it's hard to distinguish one place from the next. But Zen Zen has two things every other self serve joint has yet to show me - taro frozen yogurt and fresh rainbow mochi! Maybe it's just the part of me that yearns for my native Los Angeles but these are two hometown items that are hard to come by here in Arizona. The only reasons I didn't award 5 stars to Zen Zen is because the taro is not available every week, the coconut flakes are a bit dry, and someday I hope to see pineapple yogurt on the menu!
3	Don't get me wrong, I like this place okay..but I'm going to so many frozen yogurt places and they all seem to have the same flavors...I tried the York Peppermint and it was creamy and delicious, by far my favorite of the visit. My husband had mango (tasted great but a little icy) and said that he wished it were creamier. I'm waiting for them to get taro back and will update then,but Yogurtland is still THE clear winner in this category for me!
1	Am I the only one who was totally disappointed with this place? I am a HUGE frozen yogurt fan. I've been driving out to Yogurtland in Scottsdale for my fro yo, but was excited about the new place (Zen Zen) opening up down the street. Tried it out tonight. All I can say is YUCK. I guess I was spoiled with my Yogurtland. Zen Zen was clean, yes. But, the selection was nothing like what was advertised on the website. When I finally did decide on just plain chocolate and vanilla, I was even more disappointed to find the frozen yogurt runny; not a consistency I'm used. It was way overpriced, too. I usually pack my cup at Yogurtland and rarely break $5. I spent $6 tonight on just over half of a bowl. Needless to say, I'll be making the drive out to Yogurtland in the future. :(
4	Found this place on Yelp one day while I was visiting Phoenix since I was craving frozen yogurt. I definitely am a fan of being able to dish up your own yogurt and add your own toppings since it allows you to control what and how much you get. They had a ton of flavors - I didn't even know which one to pick!! They had a wide variety, overall, and the price was reasonable - $.39 an oz. Whenever I go back to Phoenix, I will be back!
5	I love it...its better then Mojo, yogurtini, yogurtland, yogutology....its great!  All the yogurt places have the same toppings, but the actual yogurt is my favorite!  I love the plain flavor and I like it with strawberries and captin crunch cereal...or I like the plain with raspberry sauce...if I could eat this for a meal I would!  I am glad they put one nearby and its right next to pita jungle so it makes it even better!  The owner is very nice and is always very sweet when I have gone there.  Not to mention the prices are great!
3	For those of you who are really into this self serve fro-yo fad, Zen Zen Yogurt is probably your place. It's as good, if not better, than most of the others I have tried.  But to me, it suffers from the same problems all the others do. Sure; it's big and clean. Sure; it has a wide variety of flavors (and what I sampled was quite good) Sure; It has all the clique toppings you could ask for. Sure; you can "control" the cost since they charge you by the ounce. Unfortunately, like other self service places... The Yogurt itself is barely frozen. It comes out so soft, that the first pump is incredibly liquidy. And on our less than 10 minute drive home (and this was at night when it was only in the mid 70's) our bowls were practically melted. We put them in the freezer for a few minutes hoping it would solidify a little more. This didn't help too much. Zen Zen may need to add a few more tables and chairs, because eating it there is the only way I could image being able to enjoy it on a hot summer night.. I also can't stand that there are only two bowl sizes at all of these places. If the yogurt were harder, and the bowls were smaller, I could maybe pump something that also looks a little nicer in the bowl. I know taste is a lot more important than presentation when it comes to self service food. But it would be nice if there wasn't just a little glop in my oversized bowl.
2	Meh.My standards for quality froyo are high since I frequent Yogurtology (Shea and Scottsdale), Yogurtland (I'm the Duke in Scottsdale), and sometimes I go to Mojo in Tempe. This place has "ok" flavors. I had the original tart, that was quite a bit tart. The toppings are ok. My friend really liked the fact that they have banana chips, but that's because we usually eat our froyo at home and we were far away from home, and she didn't have to use her personal stash. Since it made her happy, I gave this place an extra star. I'm cool like that.Hmm...let's see. They have a snow machine. Not really sure what this is for. It seems out of place. It's far from my house, and not really worth my drive. I guess if it was by my house, and I had no other options, I'd frequent this business. This is the one time, and one time only that I will say this.....Thank God, I live in Old Town Scottsdale.
2	Out of all the froyo shops opening up, this is my least favorite.  The setup was predictable, the flavors weak.  Of course we weren't allowed to get samples ourselves, and we had to ask for someone to help us out.  I felt like I ruined the girl's day by asking for more than two samples.  The toppings bar seemed dirty.  I felt like I was going to catch a virus from the fruit, which looked like it was leftover from the day before.  I had no clue which type of chocolate chips I chose--the hand-written labels were in groups of three along the back row.  Confusing.  I'm glad we didn't have to pay full price--thank you Yelp check-in offer!  One thing I did like were the chairs outside of the place.  Perfect to sit and have a good conversation with a friend.  I'm not going out of my way to come back here.
5	OK so I put 5 stars on the weight of the Sweet Taro flavor.  I really love this flavor.  Cool neighborhood yogurt place in a great plaza of restaurants.
5	Best Fro Yo in Phx. This kicks Mojo's ass.. Best  creamy yummy flavors.  Don't leave withlout trying the red velvet cake flavor. This place is very close in proximity to my home and I would indulge everyday if I could. A must try for all fro yo lovers.
5	Finally, I've found the creamy, decadent, flavorful fro yo I've been searching for! Zen Zen's yogurt is absolutely divine. I savor each and every bite! The toppings are pretty standard as far as fro yo places go, so they have it all. My absolute favorite topping is the incredibly delicious nutella. For me, it's the consistency and smooth texture of the yogurt that really makes this place stand out among the rest. The selection of yogurt flavors usually varies from visit to visit. My favorites are the chocolate milkshake, red velvet and last but not least, cinnamon buns!! Since there's still a lot of summer left, I plan on heading back here to sample as many different flavors as I can... strawberry lemonade, mint, mango, plain tart... Yum!!
2	Brought the kiddos over to Zen Zen because it was by their pediatrician as a way to go, you did it! treat. I was unimpressed with their selection of flavors and toppings compared to other yogurt places in the valley. It was ok, but nothing to write home about.
2	Seriously sub par on the soft serve yogurt craze. I have been to ALL the others, and this was seriously the worst. The yogurt is SO runny.... the flavors are mostly just "meh", nothing exciting, and the toppings do not look fresh at all. On the few occasions I have been here, the employees seem to always be put out that you ask for samples. Hey-ya know what assholes? Don't insist on doing it YOURSELF then. Leave it to the customers. But do not be surly.Yogurtology is hands down the best. No contest.
4	Long delayed review here! Clearly there is no shortage of frozen yogurt places but it's hard to find one that with the right mix in fro-yo consistency and taste. Of course, it's a personal preference, and my pick in AZ is Zen Zen since I can also get my shaved ice fix here!I'm a big fan of anything taro so I was stoked they had it available the day we went. Part of the fun of eating fro-yo is the surprise of what flavors you end up with on the day that you visit regardless of where your favorite place is. I also love fro-yo places that have seasonal favorites and Zen Zen has that covered, too. Being that I'm one of the blessed few who can't handle too much dairy, I'm grateful they carry multiple non-dairy flavors - from what I recall, I think they carry sugar-free options as well, for those of you that care. Sidenote: they keep this place clean which is always a plus!Anyways, if you're around this area, stop by, try it out and you'll be greeted by quality service. It's always great to see staff taking pride in what they love and what they do. Would love a Zen Zen Yogurt in California!
3	This yogurt show is just ok.  In a pinch when you are craving yogurt and this is the only place near by, it will do.  I found the yogurt runny and not really full of flavor.  The condiments were just ok as well.  The people working here were kind of pre-occupied with doing homework and reading their books.
4	Perfect location for a yogurt shop, for sure!Whether you just finished a spicy meal at Pei Wei, dance class down the way, or are keepin is healthy at Subway...... yogurt is the perfect way to finish off he night. As a yogurt place this one is just like the rest, but on the good end of the scale. Clean inside, great flavors they are always rotating out, and plenty of toppings to satisfy anyone (all kinda of chocolate, fruity pebbles, capt crunch, berries, and lots of chocolate, camels and beyond for sauces).Check 'em out!
1	Do yourself a favor and keep driving when you see this place.  There are virtually no flavor options as half the machines are usually out of order.  The toppings bar is weak at best and the toppings they do have are stale.ZoYo neighborhood yogurt is the standard for frozen yogurt and ZenZen comes up WAY short.
5	I think this is a very good yogurt shop, and maybe I'm just easy to please in this department?I came in late one night as they were closing, and sheepishly asked if I could sneak in for a fix- the lady was very nice and said "Of course!"
5	We live in the neighborhood and finally went to this establishment. I think we delayed trying this place when it first opened because it seemed to have some less than favorable reviews but I'm happy to report that our experience was great! It seems to me that it might have been the owners working so maybe that made a difference but the yogurt was excellent, as were the toppings! Everything was fresh and they offer lychee fruit as a topping, you don't find this often...very impressed. I was also pleased that the prices were reasonable. Some of these other yogurt places are so greedy. Keep up the good work Zen Zen, you have some new fans!
4	This place is good not amazing. Tthere's a "something" missing to the ambience, there's too few flavors, and it bugs me when they don't let you pour your own samples - I dislike having to wait around for the guy to pour it - all of which would merit it 3 stars, but the yogurt IS creamy & THEY HAVE WHIPPED TOPPING, which few yogurt stores have, & NUTELLA, which would merit 5 stars - so all together a 4 star day.
4	I really like Zen Zen Yogurt. It seems to be staffed by mostly teenagers but they're all very friendly and helpful. They rotate a few of the flavors and then keep the tried and true. There aren't as many options as some of other places but I don't mind--I always go for the Original Tart anyway. They're always playing Food Network on the TVs so it's fun to watch Chopped and Cupcake Wars while you eat your fro-yo. My one criticism is that they won't let customers have access to the sample cups. A staff member has to come out and individually serve each sample. When it's busy or there's a line, it doesn't even seem worth it to sample (and that's half the fun of a fro-yo shop for me!). I understand that it's probably to cut down on excessive sampling but I still find it a little strange.
5	I crave Zen-Zen Yogurt, especially a spicy meal at Pei Wei. I'm glad they always have AT LEAST one sugar free option. They also offer several fresh berries, when in season, on the toppings as well as several nut toppings, e.g. walnuts, almonds, peanuts, etc..The place is always very clean and the staff is very friendly. There is plenty of seating. Great place to get take out as well.
5	YUM! I love me some good Fro-Yo! They also have shaved iced here and boba tea.
5	This was even better than we expected. I brought my stepdaughter here two days ago to try it out. I had worked at a soft serve place in high school and man, this is waaaay better. The young lady working was very helpful and enthusiastic, the flavors are great (try the salted caramel, you won't be disappointed) and we each tried two flavors in our cups. They always keep a sugar free option or two and some of the fruit sorbet flavors which was nice to know. I only filled halfway in each of our cups, because they are big and with toppings we paid $8.50 so this was exactly the price range we thought it would be. I saw someone getting theirs to go, so that would be a fun way to take it home and share.We loved it and we can't wait to go back for more!
5	As far as fro-yo places go, you can't get any better than this!  They have a lot of gluten free flavors, which can be hard to find.  Also they offer a lot of options for toppings, which is great.  We actually came here a couple of times during our visit...it was that good!  The staff working here are friendly and helpful.  Oh, and both times we visited it was very CLEAN.  That's a huge plus!
4	Great local yogurt shop!  Get the Chocolate Milkshake flavor when they have it.  If they would only add my favorite topping-peanut butter chips-I would move this up to five stars.
4	My mom and nephew loved it!  Hit the spot after having dinner next door!
3	Decided to stop here after going for sushi nearby and saw the coupon available for first-timers through Yelp.It's a small place with a few tables, nice decor. I felt there were not that many flavors and some of the ones they had were not appealing to myself. I love any type of cake batter froyo and they had none. The toppings were fine, again not as much variety as I've seen at other places. The one thing that kind of bugged me is that the employees kids were all hanging around behind the counter. Does not seem very professional. Without a coupon I'm not sure that I will return here.
5	Love Zen Zen! Great customer service & great yogurt!
3	35 weeks pregnant and I was having a craving for shaved ice. This was the only place still open at 9pm on a Saturday night within driving distance to Scottsdale. Their shaved ice was really good... I had coconut and pomegranate on mine. The downside is that you have to shave your own ice and pour your own syrup. Plus $6 for a medium size shaved ice is a bit expensive in my opinion. Other than that this place is OK.
