5	OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH YEAH! Love me some Roose! Pronounced "Ruse" but it's just off of Roosevelt. Pretty cute huh? AJ is the stylist. LeAnne takes care of your skin and non-top of the head hair. AJ, who's been cutting my hair for a couple years, is incredible. Each year one stylist from OUR WHOLE WONDERFUL COUNTRY is chosen to represent THE UNITED STATES of AMERICA in an huge hair show in France. A couple years ago, AJ was that person. She's really quite talented. Like Edward Scissor hands, but female and not sporting severe social anxiety disorder. And her skin is radiant and not ghostly white. And her hair is not jet black. Ohh, and her hands are not knives! But other than that, she's exactly like Edward Scissor hands, sculpting works of art out of shapeless masses. I have not had the pleasure of LeAnne's services yet but she's uber professional. I'm quite satisfied to believe that when she waxes the hair eloquently away from your skin it will hurt less than when others do it. Go here. Live it. Love it. It's the real dealio...
5	What can you say about the Roose that hasn't been said about sliced bread...it's pretty much the best.  This place is exactly what Phoenix needs!  LeAnne and AJ own and operate The Roose in the heart of city, Roosevelt and 6th street, hence the name, The Roose.AJ is an amazing stylist.  She's very funny, friendly and professional...and has awesome taste in music!  She's one of the best stylist in the country and can turn your hair into a work of art!  It's always such a good time in the chair!LeAnne is a spark!  She is an expert in skin and relaxation.  She always gives great advice and is super friendly.  I love the atmosphere that those two have created.  And hey, you can always go get a haircut then grab a beer at the lost leaf next door!
5	I followed A.J. the owner and master haircutter from her prior establishment (now closed).  A.J. is just an excellent stylist and a master with color.  She handles the hair of my entire family (wife and 2 daughters, 6 and 11) and does it all with great skill and a sense of fun.A.J. and LeAnne are just great people.  If you go, you will leave there wishing you had been able to spend more time there.
5	Ok.  I'll preface this up front.  I have long hair and to say I'm a bit picky as to who I'll let cut it is a severe understatement.  I would rather not get it cut than to get a bad haircut.  I have really fine hair and if I get layers cut in it looks like Jim Carey's doo from Dumb and Dumber(hot i know!) and if I get a person who doesn't quite know how to cut long hair, I end up rocking a Joe Dirt type mullet.  Since I live in AZ and not Arkansas or West Virginia, neither one of these backwoods styles work for me.  I'm also committed to not going short and spiky like the Jersey Shore cast because I'm still working on perfecting my fist pump.  I'll admit I'm close but not quite there. I"m Caucasian so this is as far as I can go...believe me, my dancing is far to white man overbite.  But I digress.  Back to my awesome new hair experience.First, let me tell you that they are prompt at returning your call and very polite, friendly and organized.  They are just South of Roosevelt on the West side of 9th Street with plenty of street parking and located in a cool little house that they did nice renovation work to.  Straight forward and simple and tastefully done.  LeAnne greeted me and let AJ know I was there for my appointment.  This is a small salon and AJ is the only stylist so you need not worry about a busy environment or chaos going on around you.  I introduce myself and feel immediately at ease as AJ is extremely nice and friendly.  She washed my hair and sits me down in the chair.  I tell her my relevant hair info and history and she start cutting.  While cutting my hair, she and I have a great conversation regarding local restaurants and places we enjoy.  This girl knows her food which I completely appreciate.  She's vegan but it's all good as I'm not always one who needs to eat flesh.  I didn't share my theory with her though but it basically goes, "If God didn't want us animals, he wouldn't have made them out of tasty meat.".  Anyway, AJ and LeAnne will make a good Yelpers as they know their local restaurant scene and appreciate great food, service, and ambiance.  Back to my hair.  I wasn't even paying attention as AJ was cutting my hair because we were having such a great conversation.  Well, 20 minutes or so pass and she's finished.  Excellent haircut.  Honestly, the best haircut I've had in 20 years.  F off, I know I just dated myself with that statement.  This girl can cut hair and knows what looks good, is current with what's current in hair styles, but is honest enough to tell you if it won't look great on you prior to working on you.  Yes, she has an opinion and there's something to be said for that.  Everything previously reviewers mentioned(which is why I called and how I found this place-thanks Yelp!) are completely true.  She's a master with hair.  Better yet, AJ and LeAnne are both extremely nice people and have a great salon.  Go there.  You'll be glad you did.Ps  I forgot to mention:  they take AMEX and Visa/MC.  Not too many places take AMEX so for me it's good they do.  And their credit card machine is wireless.  Nerdy observation but cool and convenient as you can sign for your bill while your in the salon chair or wherever.  I dig it.
5	Our family, too, has been following AJ around for years, to get the best haircut in town and gentle, non-toxic hair products, and inspired color. Best wishes for The Roose. Very cute little house-- and we appreciate how well decorated and comfortable it is. I drive from N. Central Phoenix, and it's worth it! Correction, it is NOT on 9th Street, but about 1 block south of Roosevelt, on 6th Street. Easy to find parking, and very close to downtown, too.Bon Chance!
5	I've been seeing AJ since she was at the Spot in Central Phoenix. She does a phenomenal job IMO. It's at the point where I don't really need to explain what needs to be done - she just knows how I like my hair cut and takes care of it. Can't really ask for a lot more. The Roose is in a great up and coming area of downtown Phoenix. After you stop by to get your hair cut/styled, swing by Tammie Coe for a pastry or to the Roosevelt for a beer. They're both just down the street from the Roose.
5	Time to time you will find great people and great service, I can speak for my dew and tell you that AJ is one of the most talented stylest in the country.  She has worked overseas and brings a great concept in her work.  The Roose carry great products that you can't find at to many places in town, I have followed AJ for many years.  Now that she has her own place I hope she stays here forever!Accepts AMEX
5	There are very few places I would even consider rating 5 stars. The Roose is definitely one of them. AJ and Leanne are great. Every time I leave the Roose I think, "this is the best haircut I've ever had."
5	The Roose is a tremendous adaptive reuse success story! This charming former home has been re-purposed as a lovely little salon and spa, and it is really, really well done.The owner, and head stylist (not sure if that is a pun, but I just giggled like Beavis) is A.J., a smart, talented young woman who knows more about hair than ten stylists at boutique salons combined. A.J. spent years working at high end salons, learning the best techniques and working hard to make a great name for herself. As others have mentioned, A.J. has won international awards for her consistent outstanding work, and attention to detail.Like many guys, it took me a while to realize that 'big boy' haircuts do NOT include $9, 15 minutes, and an electric clippers. Luckily, A.J. knows this, and your hair won't even see a clippers until she cleans up your neck line. During my first visit, A.J. spent some time asking me what I wanted, and then matched that with some realistic options (sadly, she could not make me look like Brad Pitt. Technically, that is not her fault- as only Brad Pitt looks like Brad Pitt)After deciding on what to do, A.J. does a great job of making you comfortable in her cozy establishment, and the whole experience is very relaxing. Watching A.J. cut hair, is similar to watching an amazing chef use her knife- A.J. is fast, efficient, and thorough- each cut being thought out and executed. The Roose features some cool styling products from Italy, I can't remember the name, but it smells good and has lasted a long time, so I have that going for me- which is nice.I cannot recommend The Roose highly enough. The location is great, the charming building is welcoming, cozy, and warm. A.J. is a tremendous talent, and an all around good person. It is really nice when good things happen to good people, and that is what you get at the Roose, along with a great haircut. As I left The Roose, I got many compliments on my hair, and I look forward to my next appointment at The Roose.
5	I had waited for a year to cut my hair after leaving Roy, my fav in tucson. i tried AJ because she did great things with a friend of mine with similarly textured hair. I also really like Dally's hair and didn't know until after my first visit that she was responsible for that too. My first cut was fine. i just got it trimmed to get the damaged ends off. also a highlight. the salon itself is very private - only one client at a time. so, i got to know Aj a little. She's sweet and down to earth with the talent of a dramatic and unavailable stylist sans the ego. The second time i went in for a cut. I said something to her about Maria's haircut in The Sound of Music. She offered donate lengths. I didn't quite have enough. She took off eight inches from the bottom and more from the top. I'm accustomed to letting the stylist decide what to do with my hair. so, when AJ asked me shag or bob style? i wasn't prepared. I said, "I dont' want a soccer mom do." So she opted for playful shag in the back. It was so liberating to just take all that hair off just when the summer is getting cooking. When i got home, my husband, who scares easily said,"I love it. Get in my bed."Third haircut got it down pat. Turns out i am much more of a bob girl than a shag girl. I should know that. the guy at bookman's used to refer to me as a "junior league" type. which i'm not. but i'm also not one to flip my hair up in back like a past Oprah hairdo. I'm not "fun" like that. I'm messy, though, and this hairdo is perfect for me. I have gotten so so many compliments on it. Thanks, AJ. and all the girls at The Roose. See you soon.
5	Breaking news! The Roose Parlour and Spa has just been recognized by Elle Magazine as one of the top 100 Salons in the country! That's right, Only two salons in our entire state were recognized, and The Roose is the only Phoenix salon recognized with this honor.The Roose is the Pizza Bianco of hair, minus the long wait. Do your hair a favor, and get in to see A.J!
5	I went to a few neighborhood salons before finally choosing The Roose.  Now, I've only been here twice - but I have been very, very pleased on both occasions.  AJ, in addition to being a very talented stylist, is just plain easy to work with.  I've got a feeling this is going to be a hair-lationship. The only thing bad about leaving a review here is that as the word gets out - it's going to be impossible to get an appointment!  I guess that's a small price to pay to get the word out about a really great stylist.
5	If you have the good fortune to find yourself in this wonderful salon, pat yourself on the back. They are listed as Allure's 100 Best Salons in the US for a reason. AJ is fantastic and takes the time to listen to what you want. The Salon is well decorated and is very relaxed. I don't like uber trendy salons that make up for their lack of taste/quality with the volume of music. AJ and The Roose are the real deal. No need for gimmicks! Make an appointment and spread the love.
5	I want to give Lisa a shout out on here too! Most of the reviews on here seem to be for AJ which I believe is Lisa's daughter. But Lisa was my stylist and I had a great experience :)I saw the reviews on yelp and decided to try this place out yesterday. I called in and they were able to get me in same day. The salon is located in an adorable, charming house. I loved that it was unique and inviting! I'm sick of trendy places that focus more on the look of the place rather than the quality of the service. At The Roose, quality is most important!I originally only wanted a bang trim because I am trying to grow my hair out after a couple very short cuts (and because I'm broke but don't want to look like a slob!). Lisa took a look at my hair and decided that a full trim was in order. I agreed because I definitely didn't want to look like a crazy person! Lisa was very nice, listened to what I wanted, and is very talented! I highly recommend her! I also want to thank her for being so kind with the "special" she gave me. That is TRUE human kindness. She most definitely has wonderful karma coming to her. :)
5	Judging from the other reviews on here touting the magnificence of The Roose's hair & nail services, it seems a little selfish of them to go out and get the best massage therapist that I've ever had the pleasure of falling asleep to.  But they did.In the very recent past I was agnostic about who my massage therapist was, so I would get massages whenever I stumbled across discounts from any nearby place.  Sawana (LMT) started at The Roose about two months ago, and I stumbled onto her table via the introductory offer she had at the time, as was my MO.  But she converted me: now I actually return for regular massages instead of just lurking the interwebs indiscriminately for sales from any ol' place.Then I treat myself across the street to Tammie Coe :-)
5	I made an appointment to have my hair styled and for a makeup application. They did a wonderful job! Very fair prices and they didn't push me to buy any of their products, which I appreciated. I'd definitely go back!
2	I usually wait a while to write a negative review, since I know the weight they may carry, plus I hate to do this since the stylist that cut my hair was very nice.  She obviously was the most mature person there as well experienced, but unfortunately, both my haircut and experience were less than ideal.  Far as the haircut, it wasn't anything great.  It wasn't particularly bad either, but I can tell that my bangs (sp?) were uneven and generally that the cut wasn't even over all.  Thus, I knew I'd had to grow it out a little to have it fixed.  The experience at the salon wasn't much better.  Since it seemed like a slow afternoon, the other girls in the salon were gossiping, but I'm sorry, please take the gossip outside.  Now, while it is funny to hear, talking about comparing breast size and other foolish things isn't really what a new customer needs to hear.  Again, the stylist that was cutting my hair was nice, but overall, the tone/atmosphere was overall "childish."
5	LeAnne's amazing. Best bikini wax of my life. She doesn't rush, the pain was minimal, and she walks you through the whole process. And they gave me a 10% discount for my first visit! Totally great.
5	After arriving to the Hyatt in downtown Phoenix, I googled a nearby nail salon and up came "The Roose Parlour and Salon."  I read some yelp reviews, called and got an appt for a mani and pedi that afternoon!  I must say, it is urban chic and very cozy!  COURTNEY gave me a fabulous mani and pedi!  My toes enjoyed the sensory experience of warm stones and a very intense foot massage!  COURTNEY is AJ's little sister and she is equally amazing at her craft!   I would recommend "The Roost" to both men/women seeking a great mani/pedi.  It's an unpretentious but chic salon with a talented crew.
5	Love the way Lisa cuts my hair!  The Roose is a fantastic Salon where you can be sure get great service & good stories that are sure to make you laugh.
1	I hate to write this review but I'm still so appalled by my experience there. To begin, this was my second time at the salon. Went a couple months prior for a haircut after I read such positive reviews. Got an appointment with Lisa, as AJ was all booked up. Went in for just a trim and she did just a fine job. Nothing to write home about but certainly got most of the split ends out.So it was time for another trim. This time I was going in with a mission, my wedding is coming up so I knew it was crucial time to get my hair as healthy as it ever could be. My hair is naturally wavy and I usually straighten it, so I went in to see Lisa and said as soon as I sat down, "Need to trim and get all the split ends off and I really need to wear my hair wavy so I can lay off the hair iron up until the wedding. Please style my hair wavy and show me what I can do with it because I don't know what to do with it" After she looked at my hair and started cutting, she quickly without thinking about what she was saying or how she was saying it, told me that my hair was thinning and that it was in horrible shape. She told me that I have a huge bald spot in the back of my hair and that she will try her best to cut my hair so you can't really see but she can't promise me anything. She told me to throw away all of the shampoo and conditioner that I was using and try something more expensive. She didn't give me any recommendations of course, just told me that everything i was doing i was doing wrong. So there I am, going into a complete panic attack because I had just been told that I'm loosing my hair and it's so fragile that even wind would break it and I'm about to get married......Did anyone every teach you bedside manner???? Instead of helping me figure out the best plan of action for how to get my hair back to the way it should, how to rescue it, no, she just cut my hair and then while I'm completely dazed, she blow dries my hair straight! I look up and see that my hair is straight and say "Hey! I wanted you to show me how to do my hair natural!" and she said "Oh but it will look best this way".......Are you kidding me?? You tell me that my hair is horrible and then you use heat on it???? Where am I?Needless to say, I've now moved on to another more professional hair salon and my hair is completely back to normal. My hair is thick and strong. The real kicker is that the other hair dresser I immediately saw after said it wasn't bad at all and there was no bald patch. Why would you do that to somebody?I'm sure AJ is a great hairstylist as all the reviews indicate, unfortunately the same cannot be said about Lisa. Just because she's family doesn't mean you need to hire them. Don't get me wrong, Lisa is a very nice lady, but she should not be cutting hair at that level. That was the worst experience I've ever had at a hair salon.
2	Tried to go here on Saturday during what were posted as normal business hours. I called a few times and kept getting the answering machine and then decided to go over. The doors were locked and there were sorry we missed you notices from the post office on the door. I walked around the back and a guy was there who had the building next door and said that they just weren't open today he guessed. I thought Saturdays would be the most busy time for a hair salon? It was odd and I ended up taking my business elsewhere.
4	Thanks for the reply, I just had no idea because you guys did not change the voicemail message or anything so I was confused. Maybe I will try here next time I get a haircut.
4	Ever since my stylist left the business I've been a lost soul with a bad haircut. After two failed attempts elsewhere I discovered The Roose in Elle magazine. I'm not into expensive haircuts, I'm even a home-color girl, but you still want to leave there feeling good that your cut was done well. The Roose is a converted house downtown with plenty of street parking. It's small and cozy and I guess they offer an array of spa services as well. My only negative was that, as a first impression, it was fairly dirty. Not just hair on the floor from the day but back around behind the mirrors and baseboards, like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. I wasn't sure where to put my purse as there was hair everywhere.My appt was with Lisa and I told her from the start how my last haircut left me scraggly. She began her game plan much different from recent cuts I've had, so I patiently waited for the magic. Then she explained to me why she was cutting the way she was, and how the previous stylist must have approached it. She was right! It's funny how in the shop the cut seems to look good, but it's when you get home and play with it a little that you find the mistakes. Not this time! Great haircut and they even offer 10% off for first time clients!
5	I received a gift card here for my birthday and decided to get a pedicure. It was wonderful! This is a great small local business in downtown Phoenix. It is located in an old house at 6th St and Roosevelt and it has great character. It feels so comfortable inside and very relaxing. The staff were all extremely friendly and I had a great time. Courtney did a great job on my pedicure, it turned out beautifully! I think I will definitely try getting my hair done there next time as well.
5	I go maybe twice a year to get pedicures and i wanted to find something a little nicer .  This place was great and i can believe it right here downtown.  The service was excellent from  the time i arrived till I left very freindly.
5	Moved down to phoenix and I didn't have a new waxer yet so I decided to try Roose since I live nearby and I couldn't be happier with my decision, LeAnne was awesome! It can be awkward getting a new bikini waxer, but she was so professional and made the process as comfortable as possible with good convo and telling me about the products and what not. I definitely recommend!
5	Love this parlour!  great location, awesome service, and my hair has never looked better!
5	Lisa gave me the haircut I have been asking for the last 6 months. Everyone was friendly and relaxed. Can't wait to go back!
