1	I am the first!  Where do I begin?  I've been wanting to get this off my chest.  I never let just anyone cut my coif of madness.  I usually do it myself or go to my friends who are awesome pros.  I was getting ready to leave for a business trip and didn't have time to get a trim...gotta look good.  I heard about Sport Clips on a variety of commercials.  They profess like a peacock on crack that they offer an MVP treatment.  Attractive girls in tight referee shirts cutting my hair...THEN giving me a massage?  There's only one thing missing!  An awesome sangdweech!  Oh I forgot, they provide an aromatic hot towel as well.So, I specifically told the girl short on the sides and a little less than 1/4" off the top. I was trying to grow my hair out.  I may be wrong in my lingo, but that sounded pretty straight forward.  So she did the sides which were fine, then she started going at the top...and started at the middle.  So it was too late for me to even stop her.  SHe took off quite a bit.  Her stories were filled with her desire to get out of work early and drinking during the weekend.I told her the problem after she asked me if she made it the proper length.  I said...hmm...negatory.  She apologized and said, let's go wash your hair (after the cut?!)  She sat me down on this massage chair which just friggin vibrated, wtf...wait let me reiterate.  WTF!  Then she put the towel on my face, which was the best part of the experience.  It smelled amazing!  She stated "Don't you just want to fall asleep?"  I thhought to myself, "the vibrations are annoying and my hair is back to square one"  She then brought me back to the first room and proceeded to blow dry and style my hair.  Wait, she also gave me a "shoulder rub"  with a little device that looked like a character from the Snorks.  She applied minimal pressure, I barely felt anything, and she said "doesn't that feel good?"  Omb.  When she styled my hair she tried desperately to make it longer and gave me little curls in the front.  I was disgusted.   I wanted my delicious sangdweech and beer, then realized that was only in my head.  In the end, she gave me a discount on the next cut and was sweet about it.  "Methinks not" is right yelp...Me Thinks NOT.
1	Chrissy gave me the most horrible haircut I have ever had. I was literally unable to speak due to a mixture of frustration and shock. I wanted to pay and leave as fast as possible. I did. Even left a $3 tip despite the terrible cut. I would post a pic of this "haircut", but I have to go buy a hat to wear for a week until my hair has enough length to fix it. I would recommend for anyone considering this place to please go somewhere else. I was the only client in The store and the cut was so rushed. Please don't do this to yourself.
5	I am very discerning about my haircuts, and they consistently do a nice job. On a separate note, it's unfortunate that another reviewer is such a coward that he called out a stylist by name in a negative review, yet still tipped and probably didn't even provide ay feedback at the time of the haircut or allow them to try to fix it.
