4	Pea in the pod has a great selection of maternity clothing. They are well stocked with both their own brand and famous designer brand names. The sales assistants are always very kind and knowledgeable about their entire selection of clothing. They always offer you a glass of water and the use of their restroom if you need it. These are two things that are very important to a pregnant woman. That extra TLC is very nice.My only complaint is that a lot of their clothing is very pricy. Although, if you are lucky enough to be in need of maternity clothes during their sale, you can get some reall good deals.
3	Located on the upper level of the Fashion Show Mall, across from the Bath & Body Works store. The upper echelon of Motherhood Maternity and Mimi Maternity (the same company owns all three companies), there is a lot of trendier clothing in many rich vibrant colors, but you're gonna have to pay way more for it-  it's very expensive $$$. Even some of the markdowns, which were an additional 30% off, were very high, like $79.99 or even over $100 a piece. I was considering buying a dress until I pulled it out off the rack and saw that it was one sleeved and the other was a string/strap (something my husband referred to as Kim Cattrall's character would wear on the Sex & The City series- perfect description, haha); in other words, not my style. I also looked at a cropped sweater but my husband didn't like it.  The regular priced stuff is up front while the four racks of markdowns are in the back, right side, next to the nursing bras on the back wall (average price is $45). Lots of selection, lots of variety of styles, much trendier, but considerably higher than the Motherhood Maternity line. The store is small, but set up well, and surprisingly doesn't feel like there is too much in stock (and everything was in perfect order too). There are three dressing rooms to the left while the register is on the opposite side. There is a chair for the waiting husbands nearby.I'm learning more and more that ladies who are not expecting (well past the fruitful age) also shop the maternity stores- saw that again yesterday. There were two ladies working here, deep in conversation. They were helpful, once they broke away from whatever they were talking about- I was trying to look at everything on the sales racks, so I was tuning them out.
2	Not talking about this store in particular but about the clothes from this company.  The clothes are really expensive but cheap made.  I spent a lot of money on clothes from here and buttons on shirts that I haven't even worn yet came off, and the string that holds a belt tore and only wore that shirt once.  I was hoping to get my moneys worth out of these clothes especially since its so pricey.  Very disappointed. The only material of clothing I liked from this company are the pants!
