3	I am going to have to give them a second go, like in a month....  (They did just open on the 4th).They have a LOT of kinks to work out still!  Maybe their system needs to be revised... You stand in line, order, take a #, seat yourself.  Simple system...?  Well, yes, but no.  The line goes through the middle of the restaurant and so servers have to walk through to pick up drinks, not so okay when busy.  Then the poor servers are running around the entire restaurant lost trying to find your number.  I think this restaurant may be a little too big for such a system?  I recommend you sit right at the table in front of the kitchen doors, at least you'll get warm food ;-)Burgers range $8, $10, $12 (turkey $9)...  Sides are additional $3, $4, $5  Cheese is $1 Bacon or Avocado $2.  They do have shakes/floats, which I was going to get one until I saw beer on tap, so I got a blue moon.  If I remember correctly they had about five beers on tap...?  And, I believe they offer wine & champagne (I never saw a menu with alcohol).What we got: lush burger infusion (pepperjack cheese green chilies chipotle aioli), grilled chicken sandwich(corn&sweet pepper relish), truffle fries and 2 blue moons ($41 before tip - kind of an expensive lunch).  Everything was, eh.......'okay'.  I really liked the fries!  Like I said, I will give them another try after they've been open for a little longer :-)The decor is pretty cool AND the bathroom decor!!!  (The men's and women's decor is different, check out both).
5	We went for dinner! You have to try the tuna burger!  IT is AMAZING!! The service was fabulous! The staff was fabulous and they were always checking on us to see if we needed more water or another drink!We will be back!
5	Okay, we finally got it. A family friendly, upscale restaurant in DC Ranch that we can walk to! Lush Burger is a fast, casual, yet very upscale new burger concept in DC Ranch. We tried it tonight- went early since they are slammed (shows the demand for affordable, family dining.). You walk into a LUSH (yes, lush, very plush) red and stainless restaurant that is whimsical and very comfortable at the same time. You walk up, order your food and they deliver it to your table. With an extensive menu at affordable price points, we were intrigued. Hubby and I selected lushburger classics with various accoutrements. I had mine "skinny style" with no bun and butter lettuce instead. Our 12 year old ordered the kids 2 baby lushburgers and he loved the veggie option instead of fries. Big Daddy had to try both the truffle fries (divine) and onion rings (crispy and delicious, NO GREASE!) The wine and beer offerings were affordable and fun. You can reorder at your table and don't have to get back in line (which gets fairly long). Our son's chocolate shake was frozen heaven and he licked it all out! The Harris Ranch burgers were moist and cooked perfectly. They were nice sized (important to hubby) and juicy. Next time, he will go for the wings. There is a nice variety of salads, ahi tuna burgers and turkey burgers but we wanted to start with the basics for the first visit. People were having fun and the outside patio was a happening hot spot for sure. Children were more than welcome and the owners were present and meeting guests. They were looking for feedback (important on only a few days open) and were creating a fun vibe. We will definitely be back. Lots of fun and we walked off dinner on the 20 minute walk home! Laurie, Rodney and Maximillian Malone
3	Please keep in mind that they had only been open for 5 days at the time of this review. We went on a Sunday night about 7pm. When we first arrived we were struck by the beautiful interior design. They definitely didn't hold back on the finishes. The restaurant has a very small interior space but they still have a handful of booths and a nice looking burger bar. The patio however was HUGE and done very nicely. It was setup as a comfortable lounge with a lot of different conversation areas, huge umbrellas and live music which was a nice surprise for a Sunday night. The restaurant definitely gets an A+ for ambience.The rest of the experience however left something to be desired. When you first walk in there is a counter to order from. The menu is pretty basic with burgers (kobe, ahi, turkey), shakes, floats, salads and some side dishes. We ordered the Money Burger (kobe beef) with two iced teas and fries. We wanted the sweet potato fries but they were out so we had to settle for the regular fries. All together it was $37 for two burgers, two orders of fries and two iced teas. A little pricey but hey, it's Scottsdale.They gave us a number and told us to sit wherever we like. We sat outside on the patio near the musician which was excellent. Our fries arrived immediately and were okay, but nothing special. It seemed a little odd that they fries arrived before the food but at least we had something to snack on while we waited. The iced teas took much longer to arrive.When the burger finally arrived we were expecting something great. It was not. The Money Burger had a cold bun, a decent tasting Kobe patty, lettuce, tomato and onion. We wanted refills on the drinks but no one came by the table until we were ready to leave. I'm not sure if you are supposed to go back to the counter for refills. It seemed a little confusing. At one point we counted 15 people on staff that we could see however none of them seemed to be checking on tables. In general, the atmosphere is great and I could see enjoying a cocktail on the patio with the live music however it looks like they only have beer and wine. The burger was just okay and at almost $40 for two burgers and iced tea it's hard to justify the price. Also with such an upscale atmosphere I really expected table service. It felt like an upscale In-N-Out Burger only the food wasn't as good.I still have high hopes for this place as I think it has a lot of potential. My fear is that the outside space will be unusable in the coming weeks (which is half the charm of this place) and that the indoor space is too limiting. Try it for yourself, it's at least worth a shot.
3	Tried Lush Burger last night. They have a nice ambiance with a great outdoor patio. You place your order inside, then a bevy of servers bring you your drinks, orders, etc. We ordered and shared the regular burger with Vermont white cheddar cheese and the Lush Burger Infusion (pepperjack, green chilies, chipotle aioli). Both burgers came with a thousand island type dressing on the side. For sides we ordered the truffle fries (came with ketchup on the side) and sweet potato fries (some type of dipping sauce, possibly their chipotle aioli?). Verdict: Food- The fries were good! The burgers were just okay to me. I felt like they were somewhat lacking in flavor. My boyfriend commented that he really liked the ice (that's right, the ice). It was pretty good ice though. It was that small, crunchy ice (not quite crushed) which reminded me of childhood Pizza Hut visits. Locale- The outdoor patio is big and has huge umbrellas - it has a loungy feel to it. Wide variety of customers, but it definitely attracted a lot of the "Scottsdale" crowd. One quiet group we saw had 4 out of the 6 people in the group texting. Service- Good service, A LOT of very attentive servers. Felt well taken care of. My first visit didn't blow me away, but I'll probably go back for another try.
5	I walked into Lush for lunch the other day to  the amazing decor and a very friendly guy taking our order. I had learned that you have to order at the counter then you get a number and your food is brought out to you. I was going back and forth between one of the good looking salads or the veggie burger. Our drinks were brought out right away by another friendly staffer who was willing to help me with the high chair I was trying to set up for my baby.  Our food came out shortly after. I have to say if you are searching for a fresh homemade veggie burger than this is the place for you.  Most of the burger joints around have the frozen kind of veggie burger.  I had the in and out veggie burger which used to veggie patties instead of a bun with some arugula, avocado, and red peppers inside and I added Swiss cheese.  I love that there are choices for everyone..if you want healthy they have healthy...if you want a burger and fries they have that too.  As we were eating, our drinks were constantly being refilled and refreshed.  I can't wait to go back and try the Kobe burger and fries!  If I am really tempted the desserts and shakes look great.  As of now, they have their beer and wine license, but the full liqueur license is coming soon...
4	I liked it!  Didn't expect to as much as I did - it's a bit of an upscale burger place - but, it was very good!  They had only been open a week, but things seemed to be running pretty smoothly!My son and I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich, they were quite good. Planning to try a burger when in the mood for some red meat - and the Ahi Tuna sandwich sounds great.  Best of all they have some very good beers on tap! My buddy and I enjoyed the Moose Drool (yep! that's really the name!) while waiting for the food.Sat out on the patio - with good weather, the patio is great.  I didn't see misters, those may come later, but the patio is on the East side of the building avoiding much of the late afternoon sun.  May go tonight as they are going to have some live music that I'm a fan of!
1	Went there with great anticipation.  Wow what a let down. Great concept, great decor and atmosphere.  After waiting 30 minutes in line to order like a busy McDonalds we sat down and waited 45 minutes for our food. The flavor was OK. I had the Infusion Burger my wife had the Ahi Tuna Burger. Both left a lot to be desired. All bun very little Burger. Food was cold toasted buns weren't toasted. Her medium rare tuna was cold and well done. My rare Infusion Burger was cold and well done.  Took our kids their kids Burger minis look about the same. Bottom line 46 bucks for cold over cooked burgers and crappy truffle fry's. Skip it.. I wont be back. Its too bad but it is a great concept in a great location.  Like a wanna be cowboy its "all hat and no horse".
3	I'm reminded of the old aphorism "a rising tide lifts all boats".  Lush Burger is one of many valley joints that is capitalizing on the gourmet burger trend.  It's good but not memorable.  A decent neighborhood spot but not a "destination" restaurant.The prices are a tad cheaper than the others in its category, but that is mainly due to the smaller portion sizes.  The burger field is just too crowded these days, I'm not sure that this stands out enough to become a fixture.
4	Lushburger is so named because 'lush' is British slang for attractive. And that's the perfect name for this place. Not only are the customers extremely beautiful but, amazingly, the burgers are even more so.To read my complete review, go to:http://www.examiner.com/x-4463-Transplants-To-Phoenix-Examiner~y2010m5d15-Lushburger-in-Scottsdale-is-latest-spot-to-eat-and-be-seen
2	Can't say as I was impressed.  They are going to have to improve the ordering system if they plan to survive.  I can get table service an comparable places for the same, or lower price.  We waited in line for 20 minutes (we were only third in line) just to give our order, and only then did they open up a second register well after the line had snaked out the door.  Even then, the cashier (for lack of a better term for her) was robotic, and constantly interrupting us mid-order.Once ordered, we waited a normal amount of time for how busy the place was.  The chocolate shake was bitter, the fries arrived cold, and my wife's Infusion burger was less than spicy.  My classic was supposed to be medium (the "chef's recommendation") but it was more raw than anything else.I would try it again, but this place is on a short leash, as not many people will make a second trip out there unless the service and quality takes a huge step forward soon.  If you like a drive and a burger, your better off going to Greasewood Flats.
2	It is decorated very nicely. Everyone is very nice. The food is good, but needs some work. .. They need to work out the kinks in the system. Both the order system which requires standing in a line like at Mc Donalds only there is a number system. The servers have to cut through the line to serve people and have to find your number. Maybe work it like Kashmans? They have to change where the line stands at least.The kitchen had trouble getting our order out together and at once. The server was very sorry about our order mix up. However never saw a manager and were charged fulll price when we didnt ge tth ecorrect food. The server asked if the manager took the wrong food off our bill. Advised her Manager didnt. so we paid 71.oo for lunch that two of us got the wrong food. It was cute and nice outside, dont know if ill spen 71.00 again. Might go back but dont know. They need to get it organized.it.      GREAT SERVERS VERY NICE AND POLITE! Have done a great job on that end.
1	Kind of a cool retro vibe inside with digital screens for menus.  I was excited until the lush experience began....Don't bother asking the cashier questions about the food.  She acted like they were slammed....1 party of 4 behind me.We waited over 30 minutes for our food (fast-casual??).  This includes sodas!  We were told we were supposed to get the drinks after ordering.......well the cashier was in such a hurry to get rid of us and she never gave us drinks or told us to wait for them.......very weird and confused set up.  They were not busy.  My burger was dry and not even close to medium.  No one at my table said anything positive.  How hard is it to cook burgers?The fries were greasy and soft....not sure if this is what they're going for?  Not for me.Burgers are $8 - $12 dollars.  An extra $4 gets you (or is supposed to get you) a drink and greasy fries.....put a salad, shake, or dessert on top of that and you're looking at $20 per person!!!  Ridiculously overpriced.  Low quality.  No flavor.  I will NOT be back nor will my fellow diners.
5	LushBurger is the bomb! The Ahi Tuna burger is amazing, AND the Buffalo Chicken sandwich, which I have basically every single time now. It is amazing and flavorful. The fries are really great too. There are a LOT of delicious shakes, even red velvet cupcake! My vegan friend had the Inside Out Veggie Burger and LOVED it.. and she can hardly ever eat at restaurants! My friends and I will definitely be back to sit outside, the patio is awesome.
1	never imagined eating a bad burger in Scottsdale. But life is full of surprises and today for lunch, in the company of my lovely wife, Lush Burger was a total disappointment.I ordered the Lush burger classic and my wife ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich. We included a side of sweet potato fries.From the beginning, things did not go well. My burger arrived cold and dry so it was sent back .Meanwhile, we treated ourselves to the buffalo sandwich. The taste was good, a little sweet for my taste, but the one thing my wife and I did not like, was the bread.( The sweet potato fries were greasy but had good taste.She thought it was a sweet potato roll, cold, and overly filling. After a close examination of the menu, we found it was not a potato roll but a French brioche bun. Either way, we did not approve of it.When my burger finally came back, I noticed the brioche was cold and hurried to try my burger before it turned cold again. The patty was dry and had no flavor. The  combination  of meat and sweet cold brioche did not sit well with my taste buds A nicely decorated place, great ambiance, beautiful mountain views, good service..... all of it in great abundance. What was lacking ; content.Fast, casual perfection?  Not in a lush time.
4	Had lunch here the other day with my husband. He absolutely loved his infused burger.....said it would definitely be one of the best burgers he has ever had! I tried the sliders.....they were ok.....but to be fair due to being pregnant I have to order everything well done.....and I am sure they would have tasted better if they were done to my usual liking of medium. The truffle fries however were devine! My husband also tried an unusual drink called a Milk Stout Float.... I think that is what it was called. He seemed to know what he was ordering.....very confident......when it arrived I was surprised to find out it was ice cream in beer......I asked him how often he has had these... he said never! lol ...... He really enjoyed it though....so it ended well. The staff are great....friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is very nice....retro modern. The patio area also looks great (when it cools down!).
2	The place is decorated nicely, the hibiscus iced tea is wonderful and the wait staff are attentive and friendly.Unfortunately, the food is overpriced, the buns are really dry, and basically it felt like a pretentious version of Blu Burger Grille.
4	Newish place, interesting concept: Fast(ish) food without the yuck factor, and considerably more hip.Similar to a Pei-Wei or Chipotle style setup, patrons queue up in front of the register, and big bright menu screens overhead help you decide what tasty treat to order. A number on your table steers servers in the right direction when your order is up. Service was friendly, if somewhat slow, but it was one of the first weeks the place was open.My man sent me to secure a patio table on a busy weekend night while he stood in line to order, and I told him to "surprise me" with his dinner choices. He returned with a grin, and told me that he ordered us a Cinnamon shake, which was really quite impressive, and disappeared quickly between our two straws. I ate a sort of inside-out veggie burger, where the veggie burger patties (pretty flavorful I might add) surrounded a spinach salad. The veggie burgers were good, but the salad was far overdressed, and the mustard-flavored dressing started out great, but quickly overwhelmed the rest of the dish. I can't remember what my fiance ate, maybe because it disappeared so quickly. The sweet potato fries were zesty and warm, and we ate them with gusto.Overall, I haven't had the chance to go back, but I think that a couple slight preparation tweaks will improve the status of the menu from Lush Burger to Lust Burger. Best of luck to this new establishment!
4	My picks:Moose DroolSweet 'n Salty Mix FriesBaby Lush Burger TrioDelushious Cookie PieTrendy, and little expensive .... but good.  The service was great and the manager created some special sliders for me loaded with toppings (pepper jack cheese, green chilies, avocados and mushrooms).  Yum!
2	Paid $18.52 for a Kobe burger, sweet potato fries and iced tea.  Burger came out well done versus my medium temperature order.  I ate it anyway and it was mediocre.Right next door, you can get a larger Kobe burger with much better flavor at AJ's for $9.  Save time and money and go there.
2	I have been back a couple of time and really need to downgrade my original review.  The service has been sketchy at best, and the last visit my son's chicken sandwich was basically inedible (I often think he is a bit too picky about how the food should be - but in this case, I completely agreed - it was over-breaded and over-cooked with scrawny chicken pieces - he went home and made something else to eat).
5	I was blown away by this place on opening weekend.  I haven't been back, but the Kobe burger my guest and I had was amazing.  Both of us couldn't believe how flavorful it was or how great the patio was.  Cool concept - outdoor seating that huge and has many different areas and tables to sit at, along with tvs.  Pei Wei concept of ordering food and having it delivered to your table.  The manager personally came over and asked us how our food was and given how busy it was, I couldn't believe he took the time to do that.  We had a great experience here with the patio and the food, I will definitely recommend to friends and go again.
3	I am totally straddling the fence right now about LB. Here is the breakdown:I like:      the decor- cool, clean and inviting.               the food we had- I was a big fan of the veggie "burger" 2 veg patties with basically a salad in between. I smushed it up and ate it as a salad (and I added ketchup, but that is an issue of mine). It was really good!                the onion rings! nummers!!!!!Pretty good- the sweet potato fries. I really liked them because they were kinda crisp but kinda soft- the best combo in my opin.Not so great- The service?!?!?!!??!!??!!!                          Ordering at the front makes you :                          A. feel like a retard if someone is waiting ahead of you,                           B. feel unwelcome and awkward                           C. feel on the spot to order                          D. What happens if you want to order another drink/dessert/whatever???????????????                          E. What about refills on drinks??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? It took 2.6 minutes for the counter guy to run through all that were offered but no amount of blatant sucking noises got us a second refill.I think they should forgo the counter and hire a wait staff. For the prices you pay, you deserve a little bit more love.
1	Overpriced and not worth it!!!  I could have gone to in and out and had a better burger for 1/3 of the price. The guy who came around to the table to ask how everything was in flip flops, so unappetizing. The only thing good was the girls up at the front who took my order, they were friendly and knowledgable.
3	Nothing special.  Had their basic burger w fries/sweet potato fries.  It wasn't bad, but nothing makes me really want to go back. If you're in Scottsdale, try Indulge Burger instead.
4	We purchased a gift certificate on Localdines.com.  My bf knows Josh one of the owners and Matt Carter one of the consultants.   Josh told us the 50 certificates that were offered on Localdines.com sold out in about an hour.  So I guess we were one  of the lucky ones.We had the Lush Classic, Lush Infusion and Truffle fries.  I love the root beer on draft.  It is made by a brewery I used to work for called Sonoran Brewing Co.   Ben had a Coke.   My burger was simple with cheddar cheese.  The menu said white cheddar but it was yellow.   My burger was very messy yet cooked a perfect medium rare.  I love the brioche rolls.  Messy meaning grease was running down my arm which was a turn off.   Everything was sliding all over the place.   Ben enjoyed his Infusion with Harris Ranch premium, all natural angus beef infused with roasted green chiles & infused with pepper jack cheese served with a chipotle spread on a grilled brioche bun.  The truffle fries were intoxicating.  I am a major sucker for truffles.  I would definitely make it back.  I am dying to try the shakes & malts.  The smores - chocolate ice cream shake with graham cracker crumbs finished with toasted marshmallow.  Lately, I am craving toasted marshmallows.  Can't wait!
3	If I was strictly writing about the Lushburger Infusion then the rating would be 4 or 5 stars, but when I take into account everything else it drops Lush Burger's score big time. Like I said before I loved the infusion burger, the green chiles were a great compliment as well as the pepper jack cheese. I wish that was the only thing I tried...Even though the chicken sandwich says lightly breaded, it's more like deep fried. It was basically a sloppy chicken parm sandwich. I also really didn't like the set up they have and I thought the waiter/bus boy was rude to the point where it is worth bringing up in this review. Overall I was disappointed because I know Matt Carter is tied to this restaurant and I love Zinc Bistro and The Mission.
3	it is just OK.  Lush is expensive and has a differnt ordering platform, I am not sure if I like that.  The sweet potato fries are good, and the Burgers are good.  I guess I was just hoping a little bit more from this ultra modern burger joint.
2	Here is my critique of this place....I live right down the street so when I moved in I had to try this place out. I have heard a few good reviews saying how wonderful this place is and how good the burgers are. So I went there with my family....- Decor is quite nice and modern.... very cool motif going on and something different than the rest of the burger joints, very comfortable feeling-Price is a joke.... $15 for a basic burger, soda and fries (guess they have to pay high overhead to be located in DC Ranch and pay loans) so for 3 people that had a burger, fries and a soda the bill was about $50....-Food...it was a burger, nothing special in fact there is a burger place down in Tucson that had the same kind of concept as this place called "Zen Burger" that had better burgers..... It wasn't bad, wasn't anything spectacular either...-Service... seemed to be ran by young kids around high school age or perhaps early college? Regardless it was bad.... I sat waiting for refills while the waitress was talking to a boy sitting at the bar asking him what he was doing that night... don't think she gets paid to hit on boys.... -Overall... I get the concept of trying to open up a "high end" burger joint with a different theme in an exclusive area like DC Ranch but you have to have a niche that isn't seen or experienced anywhere else and unfortunately this place isn't it. The food was ok nothing special and the service was terrible. In fact when you walk in, you order like the same way at a fast food restaurant where you place your order and pay then sit down. When your food is ready they bring it to you... wait Carl's jr does that.... They will get refills for you on your soda just as long as it doesn't take them away from flirting with a boy sitting at the bar.... Sorry Lush Burger but just because you are in DC Ranc doesn't mean the people that live here buy it... we can see a fraud a long way out!
4	We always order the Clint Eastwood burger, which is like a souped up, and much better tasting western bacon cheeseburger, onion ring and all.  Definitely get the truffle fries-tasty! Comes in a mini deep fryer basket too.  I've gotten the truffle fries mixed with the sweet potato fries and that is pretty good if you like sweet and savory combo.  They seem to have a pretty good happy hour with some specials on food, even though we haven't made it to one there yet.  They do hal price bottles of wine 2 night /week as well.   The dessert here is just alright.  We've had the 1/2 baked cookie, and if you've ever had a 'pazookie' from Oregano's (the only thing edible there) LB's dessert just does not compare.  I think they need to tweak their cookie dough recipe-it's a bit on the sweeeeet side.  The shakes are a bit better-it's huge and very shareable....or a meal in itself-Ha!I like this place overall...Are they the most AMAZING burgers Ive ever experienced? No, But I will continue patronizing Lush because it's very close to where we live, the staff is SUPER nice, GREAT service, (they bring everything to the table even though you order at the counter) cute decor, nice patio for when it's not 100+ degrees out, and the food pretty good!
5	This place has an AWESOME happy hour! 4 - 7 $3.00 beers. In tall, chilled, 16 oz glasses! Not like those other places that announce happy hour and actually charge $2.00 for 8 oz beer glass! They also serve $.50 wings and $1.50 sliders during happy hour! What else could you ask for, for a quick "me" time after work?
5	Our family(3kids) loves Lush Burger. Sweet potato fries are perfect. Tuna burger is personal fav. Delicious shakes. Love the hibiscus tea. Whatever earlier complaints previous reviews brought up seem to have been addressed. Always had attentive service. Burgers always cooked to perfection. Great ambiance and seating options. Fun specials. Worth fanning on FB!
5	The Burgers an fries are great  My bro try's something new each time an We give Lush burger a hi 5  The cooks even came out to see how  are food was They also have some very good desserts too  Its a very nice place would have to say its the nicest an cleanest restaurant in north Scottsdale an everyone is very friendly
3	Very trendy place. Had the lush burger abd the truffle fries. Wasn't too happy with the truffle fries. The parmesan cheese wasn't blended in with the fries like i thought. Overall the burger was good and the atmosphere.
3	I have now eaten here a few times.  This place happens to be close to the office and a decent place to do a little people watching of the uppity Scottsdale folks.   My first visit I got a really good meatloaf sandwich that was on special.  there was a generous portion and it tasted real good.  I got the sweet potato fries to complement it and was satisfied.My friend I was dining with got the Kobe burger.  His burger was not cooked correctly and tasted lackluster.  Needless to say he was disappointed with the close to $20 bucks spent for a mediocre burger.I had no plans of returning but.... I tend to give second and third chances.After seeing a lunch special coupon for $10 I felt I would give it a try. I got the special (the special is a burger fries and drink)  it was cooked just right med rare nice and bloody and was a great meal and value in my opinion.   I returned for a third meal and was equally impressed with the burger and experience.   I wasn't that impressed with the truffle fries.  i will stick with sweet potato next time I dine here.
1	Gave them another shot and went in with an open mind.  Unfortunately, the only improvement has been with the service, which is very friendly.  We arrived before the lunch rush and I ordered their lunch special which was a burger, fries and soda.  I ordered a medium burger with cheddar cheese and no onions.  Twenty minutes later, I got a well done burger with onions and swiss cheese.  My fries were soggy but the iced tea I ordered was nice a cold!Sorry, just can't deal with something that is so simple to do.  I mean, millions of us can do burgers and fries in the backyard perfectly...
2	I've been hearing rumblings of a new burger joint called LUSH in North Scottsdale and had two of the most important ingredients yesterday to warrant a visit; Hunger and time!  My trusty pal "Mikey" (she'll eat anything), and I jumped into the car and drove on over to Lush Burger located in DC Ranch Crossing (southeast corner of pima & legacy boulevard) 18251 north pima road, for what we call "a Derty feed").The first thing I noticed on parking in front was that the patio set-up looked like any number of Scottsdale clubs with long, low couches and bright colors.  I wondered if this was a burger joint of just another place to "be seen."  Walking inside you immediately come upon a fast-food style counter with LED TV style menu boards that are becoming the "must have" item for hip new eateries and a bubbly teen welcoming us to Lush.After the above mentioned teen gave us the rundown on how things work at Lush (order with her, find a table and then everything becomes full service), we had a look at the menu. There were several burger offerings with "chic" names including the 'Money" (Kobe beef of course, and should have been "$$$" instead of "money" at $12), and the "infusion" (a 100% Angus beef patty infused with green chile's and pepper jack cheese $10), and of course the obligatory potato offerings including 50/50 fries (half sweet potato and half regular) and their signature Truffle fries (chives, white truffle and parmesan).I ordered the truffle fries, the Infusion burger (the "chef" suggests medium), and a Sonoran Draft root beer.  We found seats along the counter that were covered in black and white cowhide and waited for our food.  After a while, another bubbly staff member arrived with baskets of fries smelling vaguely of truffle, followed by tasty looking burgers.The fries were hot, skinny and crisp which I love, but didn't really have the truffle flavor that I was looking for (okay, it was there but very faint and none of the staff seemed able to tell me what they used though I suspect truffle salt), a "B" then.  On to the object of this review, the Infusion.. . I applied a bit of the chipotle aioli, grabbed up my burger, took a bite and promptly got drenched with all of the juice running out of it, down my arms and splashing off of the plate.. While this definitely indicated that it wasn't a dry overcooked burger and I love a little mess with my meals, I thought this a tad much.Let's talk taste.  The burger was juicy as I've said, and it had good taste and texture but I wasn't getting the flavor of the green chiles and the pepper jack that it was infused with was only vaguely present.  I would have to say it was about a 7 on a scale of 1-10.The service was great with cute girls doting over us and eagerly supplying us with whatever we might need and the place is definitely worth a second visit (they are working out the kinks since they've only been open 24 days or so), but I would say this isn't my favorite burger joint (it's actually almost too nice to be referred to as a "joint").One notable piece of the puzzle was the Sonoran Root beer on tap served in a properly chilled glass.  With just the rite amount of vanilla combined with smooth, creamy root beer goodness, this root beer (at $4/glass), was worth the trip by itself.  Check them out on twitter.Over-all, I give Lush Burger a 6 out of 10.  If your looking for a place to be seen, have a decent meal and chill, it's not a bad option but if your looking for a GREAT burger, you'll have to keep looking. (I happen to know where to find one).
1	I walked into the upscale burger joint and was impressed at the large layout, burger choices, televisions, and draught beer selection. However, the first burger I got was so undercooked, it was red on the outside. So, I showed the waiter and his eyes opened wide and said, 'wow, that is very rare, let's redo that.' The next burger I got was burnt on the outside and red on the inside. I didn't make a big stink about it, I just paid the bill and walked out with no plan to ever return.
5	Lush Burger here I come again! Talk about a delicious hunk of meat! Not only is the burger a big size but the fries----- OH MY GOODNESS! We opted for the Truffle Oil Fries, and our friends did the 50/50 ( regular fries, sweet potatoe)We ordered a Clint Eastwood burger, and a Lush Classic(although I was eyeing the Kobe beef burger the ENTIRE time). Menu is easy to read, and a flash screen helps you see what your burger will look like when made! The beverage cups are HUGE, and the choices fantastic! Beverage lists include, wine, beer, and champagne- Yes! you heard right.Price is perfect for the portion sizes, and if you live in the area look for your coupon card. The decor is amazing! I felt super comfy in their booth, and even more comfy outside while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. They were extremely accomodating for our friends that have children with SEVERE food allergies-- a TRUE RECOMMENDATION for anyone with food allergies looking for an accomodating place without the severe looks of disdain.LOVED IT! And definitely plan to go back
3	12/1/2010: UPDATE: I received a very nice message from the GM of Lush as a result of my yelp. He had let me know that he is working with his staff to improve upon experiences like mine. The truth is, the food was pretty good, and the price is even better. Like most newer businesses, it is obvious that there were and are some kinks to get out, but Lush does deserve a chance. I appreciate the GM's concern for my experience, and will make it a point to visit again. These guys do deserve a second chance.*************************************************************************************11/30/2010: Ok, so from the parking lot, this place looks great! There are these fashionable white tables, sofas, candles, ect. all over the patio. Once you step inside, still a cool look, but here is how my most recent visit went:When we arrived, it was a Friday night. You have to order your food at the front counter, and then proceed to a table (think Pei Wei or Sauce). Well, we got to the counter and asked if their happy hour deals were still in effect. The girl taking our orders did not know, so she had to ask someone else. Turns out, they were --- score 1 point for us! Well, I looked at the drink options on their menu and selected a glass of wine. The girl apologized and told me that they don't carry that variety anymore. Ok. I order another variety. Then, my husband ordered a beer and GUESS WHAT! They don't carry that one anymore, either. Hmmmm.... Well, after ordering our second choice drinks, we noted that all the tables inside were full, so we proceeded to the patio. It was the end of November, so the weather was a little cooler. We noticed that there were heaters outside, so we asked the server if she could light one up for us. She informed us that they forgot to order propane, so we were out of luck. For food, we ordered some sliders. We had ordered cheese on the sliders, but I guess the kitchen forgot. They were pretty slammed by now, so we bit our lip and ate the sliders without. They were pretty good, so that was refreshing. We then ordered a veggie plate which was rather small for the price, and was missing the dip. It took our server 15 minutes or so, and one reminder, to get the dip. Thankfully, we were in good company, so I never noticed the time.I just kind of feel like they do not know what they are doing here. They need to get their staff all on the same page if they want to survive Scottsdale. The food was good, but the experience could have been better. I might try them again ---- maybe.
4	Nice casual setting, booths  outside, good burgers and salads, and now full (and friendly) service, what's not to like?  Western burger with cheddar, bacon and lettuce and tomato top notch, though promised onion ring seemed to have missed my plate.  Combo of regular and sweet potato fries well worth $3.  Salads generous and flavorful.  Root Beer is of note.
2	UPDATE!!!!!! 02/13/11Ok so my last review was 8/10 and after a very disappointing visit, I did receive an email from a woman that claimed to be the new manager and asked to give them another chance. (Let me preface this with usually you will get some kind of offer to bring you back but I received nothing.) So my son asked about Lush and we were hungry for burgers so I decided to give them another try. Went in and not busy at all so I figured probably a good time to come in. (It was about 2pm today). Greeted immediately and we sat down at a booth near the bar area. Unlike last time we were given menus instead of placing an order at the front first. We were told that _____ was going to serve us. But like last time the service was lack luster.... waited and waited for anyone to say anything to us. No way they could be busy because counting us there were only 4 other groups of people there. Finally ______ did come and he looked a little confused and muttered something like I will be right back. After a few minutes he did come back and asked what we wanted to drink, I told him we were actually ready to order if he had the time.... he said sure... so we started to order but then had to repeat the first order because he didn't write it down so after waiting for him to get his pen and paper out he took our order. We ordered the kids small burgers and a plain regular burger, fries and drinks. I asked if they had sweet tea and they don't so I ordered the passion tea. I think it would be obvious to bring some sugar but nope no sugar so after waiting for him to come back, I walked up to the bar area and grabbed my own sugar. Food did come but it did seem to take a little bit but the burgers were good and the fries being a little over cooked and crispy were perfect... (That's the way I like my fries).... The burger seemed small especially for the cost. It was good but really nothing spectacular and nothing to go crazy over. Now comes the bill, so for 2 regular burgers, kids small burger, 3 fries, water, iced tea, and sprite the bill came out to about $50...... I guess I really don't get the high prices for the burgers... I could go to another place and get a burger just as good that come with fries for the cost of just the burger here and there you get free refills on fries.... So not really sold on why I paid that much for Lush burger when really it wasn't worth it. So needless to say I probably won't go again and hey if you want to overspend on burgers and fries then go for it. But if you want to get more for your money and probably better service then there are other places that you can go. Sorry but I just don't buy it.....
4	Yum! This is one of my favorite "gourmet burgers" in the valley. This is right by work so I like to go here for lunch a couples times a month. The interior of the place is super hip and retro. You used to order at the counter but they changed it sit down with a waitress. I honestly prefer this better since I feel like the servers actually make some money now. There are plenty of booths and an awesome patio to choose from and the lunch time crowd is not too large so you will get a seat right away. They have a lunch time special which comes out to be around 11 bucks. All of the burgers are tasty and you get your cheese selection. White cheddar is noms but I also like American cheese. When I recently went, I tried the Philly Burger. Provolone cheese and giardiniera (which was nice an oily and good spice) I think the burger needs some sort of sauce. YOU HAVE TO GET THE ONION RINGS! Get there chipotle, infusion sauce. OMG! Some of the best onion rings I have had. To go: I would not recommend getting anything to go. The burgers get to soggy.
2	Personally, I am never going back to Lush Burger. Rather than try to convince you to follow my lead, allow me to simply recount my recent lunch experience and you can decide for yourself. I was reading the "Scottsdale Airpark News" the other day and noticed a coupon for a $10 lunch combo special. This special is also published on Lush Burger's profile page in the iPhone yelp app . The special included a classic "Lush Burger", a side of fries, and a fountain drink. I decided to sit at the bar. The bartender asked if I wanted a menu, and I told him that it wasn't necessary as I have already decided to get the $10 lunch special. He asked me what type of fries I would like and proceeded to list them, "regular, sweet potato or truffle fries"? I asked for the truffle fries. The food was very good. The truffle fries not quite as good as Zinc Bistro's but still fairly tasty. The Burger was fantastic, cooked perfectly (medium) with a nice mild sauce and fresh, crisp vegetables.  Then the bill came.... $13.44. As usual at restaurants, there were three slips in the bill so I looked at the itemized version... Lunch Combo Special - $12.00 Tax - $1.44 Total - $13.44  Now the moment of truth, do I ask about this at risk of feeling cheap or do I just pay it and leave considering the hamburger was so good. On principal, I asked the bartender about the $2 difference. Rather than apologize, he began to explain that their computer sometimes does that, and then he asked "you had the truffle fries right?" I said "yes, that was one of the options you gave me after I told you I wanted the special". He thought about it for a moment and explained how he was going to try and work it out on the computer. He came back, dropped off a single (non-itemized) slip for $11.44 and hastily made his way all the way over to the other side of the bar and began slicing lemons. Another moment of truth... Should I ask about it, or just leave? I decided to ask. Rather than walk over to me he just nodded from across the way to see what I wanted. "What's the $1.44 for?" I asked loud enough so he could hear me over there... "Tax" he curtly replied. At this point I decided just to pay and leave.  What really bothers me is now I am the one who is going to feel guilty all afternoon for getting so worked up over a measly two dollars and change. How silly of me to think that lunch on a beautiful Friday afternoon should be a pleasant experience. In case you were wondering, according to the "internet", sales tax in AZ is around 7% and Scottsdale adds another 1.65% on top of that. So I don't really know where that other 6% "tax" came from (on that extra $1.44). He probably just subtracted $2 from my original bill, or maybe restaurants have some other tax obligations that I am missing but I smell something fishy in this burger joint.
3	Ok. Think we're going to give this place a try tonite. It's down the road from our house and we have been wondering if it's any good. Fingers crossed as it sound really YUMMY!!
3	I want to really like this place.  I loved the location, the setting, decor - all of it was awesome.  The couches are armchairs looked so darn inviting, albeit terribly unutilitarian.  Such is Scottsdale...I had a classic burger.  It was rather tasteless.  Now, I am someone who has a major aversion to overly salted food, so for me to say it was bland, it was tasteless.  It was listed as coming with a special sauce, which also was tasteless.HOWEVER, my date had the ahi burger, and I had a bite of it, and boy, it was YUMMY.  Had a teriyaki/honey glaze and was perfectly cooked as well.I want to go back and have the ahi burger and try the truffle fries.  Like I said - I really want to like this place, and I'm going to try it again.
2	I just have to start this review with a two-word sum-up... Not Impressed...We were out and about & decided to try Lush due to finding a coupon/flier on our car window. Walked in & immediately overwhelmed by corniness of the decor. We requested to sit outside since it was just a lovely afternoon & it looked like they NEVER clean the seats (they were the cloth ones like by the pool or at a lounge bar). We ordered the veggie sticks w/ ranch dipping sauce, the emulsion burger (him), and the veggie "inside out" burger (me). This place was over priced and plain... The menu is also not very descriptive. When I ordered the veggie sticks I assumed they would somehow be special. When they set down a plate of sliced jimaca , carrots, & celery I was a little disappointed. Then I thought "oh! Maybe the ranch dipping sauce is what's special"... Not in the slightest... It just tasted like plain old Kraft ranch. "Ranch Dipping Sauce" my butt...Then the burgers came out. He said the emulsion burger was not special at all and, in fact, very bland. If they intended you to actually be able to pick up the inside out veggie burger, they were kidding themselves... It came wrapped in paper to help it hold together, but the quinoa-squash patties crumbled immediately. It was a mess to eat, I just wound up using my fork and knife for the whole thing... And it was also very bland. It tasted like the veggies in the burger were doused in italian vinaigrette. I think if they made one thick patty and put it in a bun w/ an actual good sauce instead of Kraft italian dressing, it would be gold. Like I said. Not impressed... DEFINITELY not good enough to charge what they charge. We had the above plus I had wine (very good Chardonnay, btw) and he had a Heifewisen and it still came out to $40 bucks...Thank God we had a buy one, get one free coupon... I doubt we'll go back.
4	I thought I would update my reviews of Lush Burger ... I recently had an opportunity to have dinner there again, and it certainly seems to be evolving for the better.  They have converted to a full service model with waiters/waitresses coming to your table (nicer than the previous order at the register approach) which seems more appropriate for a higher end burger restaurant.  Their patio is fantastic in nice weather - an easy, comfortable place to enjoy an April evening!  Food seems to have improved as well - we had a Classic Burger, and an Infusion Burger - the green chilis on the infusion burger were excellent! - along with some sweet potato fries.  A couple of nice craft beers on draft as well for the beer fans!  Overall, I enjoyed and looking forward to returning.
3	Upscale burger place in north Scottsdale. Very nice looking place with a great patio. The sweet potato fries are quite good. Nothing special about the burgers.  I have also had their buffalo chicken sandwich and thought it was again average.
5	Definition of LUSCIOUS1 : having a delicious taste or smell : sweet2 : sexually attractive : seductive, sexy3 : richly luxurious or appealing to the sensesWhen I googled the definition of luscious, I felt as if Webster finally found the words to describe the way I see/taste lush burger.  Here is my first tip - If you are going, wear pants that are either a)loose or b)sweatpants that can expand.My personal favorite is the western burger. Picture HUGE burger topped with sweet BBQ, a golden onion ring and crisp bacon. It is to DIE for. If you are ok with the extra 2,000 calories, wash it down with a thick chocolate shake and sit in pure bliss! Not feeling the shake? Try their lushpuppies with fresh frosting. WOW. I will have pictures to follow and trust me, you will stop reading reviews and sprint to Lush. The decor is incredible - it reminds me of a suite I stayed in Vegas(I mean this in the best way possible). There is not a single detail that was missed! There are dozens of different textures that make it a high-class, luxurious burger joint. Honestly, I am not kidding, you will want to go home and redecorate. Better yet, their patio is my personal favorite out of ANY patio that I have found in the Valley! YES, IN THE ENTIRE VALLEY! There is always plenty of seating, it is always clean and the furniture is comfortable. It is perfect for a afternoon meeting with clients or a casual lunch with the girls!They offer a $10 lunch special that includes a burger, fries and drink. Honestly it doesn't get any better!Last, but not least the manager Theron is always attentive to guests needs and makes sure we have everything we need.Don't listen to the other reviews on Yelp. Go check it out for yourself and I promise you don't be disappointed!
5	**BREAKING NEWS!**Lush has new owners! I went for my weekly patio lunch date (My server was Brent, whom is ALWAYS a doll...request him!) and I found out that DC's gem is undergoing changes! I met Kevin, one of the new owners - even though he was SWAMPED, he still look time to come  by my table and speak with me!I am very excited to see what changes Lush will be making; all of which I am sure will be amazing!
4	The burger was fantastic and the sweet potato overload fries as well as the truffle fries were a glutton's dream..... but the sevice was decent at best. I think the girl might have been new though so I'll cut them some slack! Reasonably priced, good tasting food will win me over almost anytime.
2	For a place that specializes in burgers, they need not have a lot of choices in the burger department.  I opted for the classic and added cheddar cheese and bacon and my fiancee ordered the infusion.  The menu states that all burgers are served "medium" but our entire table and the folks next to us received them well done.  We were all very hungry so decided just to eat it but the table next to us were less than thrilled.  The infusion burger was actually pretty decent but my classic was on the bland side.  The best part of the burger were the brioche buns but I was still expecting the overall burger to be better.  We also ordered the sweet potato and truffle fries which were the highlight of the meal.  Maybe it was an off night, who knows but if you want a good burger go to Zin Burger or Indulge Burger (this is merely a copy cat that comes up way short).  On the upside, the service was attentive and very friendly.  With so many better burger restaurants, I would not choose to go back.
2	Expensive - burger is bland, no flavor.  Decor and patio are nice and fit for the area.  Service was good.  Food is not worth the price.
2	Let's see where to begin, the menu states that all burgers are cooked to medium and had ordered it that way but it came out well over done! Also the chicken sandwich which is way over priced($9) for just two fried chicken strips on sandwich, come on you can get way better chicken sandwich at chick fil a for half that price! Plus to add on to it the chef/ kitchen staff doesnt know how to run a kitchen and an owner that doesnt know how to run a restaurant.... Over all will never return!!!
4	I had a great meal here this weekend after having been here several times now. They have really good food, I ordered the Frank's Red Hot Chicken Sandwich, it was delicious. My only gripe was the the Sandwich itself was really tough to eat and kept falling apart because it was several pieces of chicken and the bun got flimsy really quickly... Their sweet potato fries are next level also, be sure you or someone your party orders them, too good...Reasons I gave it fours stars:-Multiple Good Experiences-Great Food-Excellent Service-Kept very cleanHere are the reasons it isn't five star:-Really expensive for what it is... (still worth it tho)-Decor is a bit cheesy-Layout of restaurant is a bit funky in my opinion, awkward seating...
4	Great value, very friendly. Easy to order with a great Happy hour menu.
2	I went there with my wife and the place has a nice vibe.  We were greeted immediately when we walked in and seated.  The staff is very cordial.  We ordered the fries with truffle oil, and they were amazing.  Their burgers are ok. My wife thought the meat was dry and was missing seasoning or salt.  I ordered my burger medium.  I had the wings, and he wasn't too impressed.  For the same price, I think indulge burger is a better spot.
3	I came to Lush Burger because it was an outdoor patio with TV's (2) with NFL sunday ticket. I called ahead to make sure they would have the Chargers game on outside, and the people I talked to on the phone were really nice. The outdoor patio is comfortable and nicer looking. I was rather annoyed that my game wasn't put on for 15 minutes because the manager/owner was under the mistaken impression that cable networks & the NFL delays the start of afternoon games when a morning game runs over (false and they were one different networks anyways). After getting over missing half of the first quarter, the rest of our time there progressed nicely. They have all day happy hour on Sunday with $4 beers and appetizer specials (though there is no app section on their menu, so....?).  I had the veggie burger which was okay. It didn't come with a bun or cheese (bummer) and was served kinda cold, but the flavors were good. The patty is made with quinoa & squash, so is a little nutty and sweet tasting. I got a side salad which was served in a ridiculous tilted bowl that made the salad come flying out whenever I tried to put a fork in it. I appreciate the fancy dishware but when it's causes me to lose my food to the ground, well, no thanks. My boyfriend had the western burger which was giant and looked kinda hard to eat, but he really liked it. The lush fries were good, a little on the dry side, but I had no problem finishing the basket. I thought it was a little on the pricey side ($15 for a burger & fries & no beverage) but since my football team isn't on local networks I don't really have a choice.
2	Went for lunch today! Took over 30 minutes to receive our burgers! Ordered the Philly Burger with Cheez Whiz, still looking for the Whiz! No where to be found. Can only have the burgers medium which of course came medium welll! Asked for no onions, lo and behold onions on the burgers. Did refill our drinks without us asking! Probably to appease us for the very long wait. Extras for $1.00 mushrooms, ordered came with a portabella which was not stated. Did not take the $1.00 off the check. This was reflected in the tip we left. Not going back here EVER.
4	My family and I have been coming to Lush Burger often over the past few months. Our experience overall has been great. The servers are friendly, the atmosphere is relaxed, and the food is consistent.The lunch special is 2 dollars plus the price of the burger you order. I usually get the Lushburger classic (normally $8) with sweet potato fries and an iced tea. I like my hamburgers medium to medium well, and Lushburger delivers. The sweet potato fries are fantastic, and you can get the iced tea in a giant to-go cup to take with you after you leave. So for $10 I get a great meal. Sometimes my mom and I even split it.Yes, the burger is pricey. But in North Scottsdale, it's pretty hard to get a lunch under $10 that isn't Subway or In N Out. And you can only eat at AJ's and Wildflower so many times. I tried the new BluBurger location at the Summit (North Scottsdale and Lone Mountain) but was not impressed. Around the same price but the atmosphere and quality was lacking.
4	Higher end burger joints seem quite the rage lately (well probably more obvious to me as I love a good burger). Tried out Lush Burger with my family and overall everyone was pleased. Many of us are turning into burger snobs so quite critical when it comes to giving a burger place high reviews. The kids really liked their fries so definitely try out the sweet potato fries when visiting Lush Burger. The atmosphere / decor was pretty cool and if nice outside definitely sit on the patio. They have really comfy outdoor couches (not ideal for eating a burger on) but great for hanging out with some friends. The burgers were good (maybe a little pricey for what we got) but something I have gone back for a few times. Good meat flavor and seasoned well.
4	Burger was good, service was good. The only thing I would recommend is better lighting outside in order to read the menu. LOL! I'm getting old.
4	I was totally diggin' this place!  Now, the best part of dining is the company you keep, and I am certain that had everything to do with it, as I was with two of my best besties!  :-)Went on a Sunday, after hiking Pinnacle Peak.  It seems fancy schmancy on the outside, but it's not.  Service was casual but awesome.  LOVED the half-and-half fries, and LOVED my little sliders.  In fact, I could only eat two of the three.  I actually thought this place was a pretty good value on a Sunday afternoon.Note: GREAT place for kids on Sundays!
4	Update!I did finally go back last week, and BIG improvement.I ordered the sliders, and they were so huge, that if they're sliding down anyone's throat, you have a new calling as a porn star.  I ordered them medium rare, expecting them to be overcooked, and they were not.  They were cooked exactly to temperature.  Came with a plate of homemade chips )thick, waffle kind), which was lovely, as I remember last time, you had to order fries separately, and there were no comp chips.  Back to the burger - it was juicy, thick, hand-formed, tasty, well-seasoned and hot.  When I bit into it (alas, I can't slide it), juice ran down my arm into the waiting plate.  That's burger bliss, people.My only complaint is that we paid using our AAA discount card, which was supposed to be for 20%, and we were only given a 15% discount.  OK, not a huge impact in the grand scheme of life, but I like things to be fair.Overall, just happy to see they learned how to season the burgers, and serve them properly.  Yipee!
2	This place is meh. Came here cause everyone was raving about the veggie burger. We stood in the doorway with a bunch of ppl for 10mins without as much "hey things really suck right just a sec" or anything. The veggie burger is just thiese mushy patties with salad in the middle. It fell apart when you tried to pick it up and to be honest for 10 bucks wasnt all that filling. I wish it was on a bun. I had to leave because customers were practically climbing in my lap for my seat. Probably won't be back.
2	Good chicken sandwich and burgers.......but I will never wait an hour for lunch again. I would understand if the place was packed, but four tables were seated when we arrived. Again, good food but expect a long wait.
4	Loved the burgers. Had the turkey Cobb and it was amazing. The wine selection was decent. We shared a bottle of Cabernet and it went down easy. The sweet potato fries were a treat. Ambiance was also great.
2	Oh lush burger, I really wanted to like you. You had great happy hour specials, really awesome and friendly/ helpful servers, and tasty drinks (going off my friends on that one bc i just had a soda). The restaurant itself was also set up really nicely with really cool booths outside. I really enjoyed the ambience.But your food was bad. Really bad. We tried burgers, wings, fries (aka the happy hour menu), and my stomach was literally churning by the end of the meal. I felt sick for the remaining hours of the evening until I went to bed. #hire new chefsI predict this place won't last.
2	It's always nice when you look at a restaurants reviews on here and see the owners/managers ACTUALLY responding.  Seems Lush Burger doesn't care - I don't see anything in the way of management response.  That should have been my 2nd clue (the first being the overwhelming number of UNDERwhelming reviews.  Oh well....The place has a groovy, contemporary appeal to it and after reading the menu online, I felt it was worth a try.  They are VERY close to our office so "the girls" and I decided to bop down there in my mommymobile and burger down.  First of all - ANY place open for lunch had darned well better know their business lunch crowd: here's a hint, Lush Burger.... if people walk in wearing ID badges, THEY'RE BUSINESS LUNCHERS.  While most of us aren't on a "1 hour only for lunch" type of schedule, most of us have OBLIGATIONS such as meetings or conference calls.  On the other hand, if a couple of svelte senior women in their tennis gear walk in, chances are, they're in no rush.  We sat and waited several minutes before our menus were even delivered.  That should have been a hint for us to bolt and go to AJ's for a sandwich.  FINALLY menus were delivered and our drink orders were taken.  As far as the iced tea is concerned - skip it - it's a horrible mix.  Blech.  When we FINALLY got our burgers which were touted as "cooked medium", I was saddened to see that mine was a very, very well done.  I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for a (fricken) burger, so I just ate it.  The bun was wonderful, the butter lettuce, fantastic.  I couldn't taste the "special sauce" - I think it was sucked into the dryness of my burger.  The meat had no flavor - not even that good "beefy" flavor that Smashburger is soo good at.  It was flat out WAY too overcooked.  The chips were decent and a nice change from what you normally get at a burger place.  I usually pass on french fries @ burger places because they take up too much room in my stomach, which means less room for burger.  The home-made chips were enough of a potato flavor to highlight the meal, but not too much so as to render you completely full about halfway through your meal.Won't be back.  Sorry Lush - I wanted to like you - you're so close to my office.  But yuk.
4	It's worth stopping in Lush Burger just to see the stylish decor -- cowhide bar stools, chrome chandeliers, red and black booths, textured steel,etc. The patio is huge and hip. It's a great place to hangout with friends, have a drink and share sweet potato fries. Lush Burger is just a short distance from the intersection of Hwy 101 and Pima. (Go North on Pima.) It's in the AJ's shopping center so parking is not a problem.
4	I just bought a place in the area and found a coupon for Lush Burger in my mailbox. So I decided to give them a try. I am very glad I did.I walked in and was quickly greeted by a waitress not working at the bar. I told her I just wanted to place a to go order and she pointed to the bar. I walked up to the bar and was promptly greeted. I had to take a minute to look at the menu to decide what I wanted. I decided to go with the Infusion Burger and an order of sweet potato fries. "WOW" is all I can say about that burger. Perfectly cooked. It was super juicy and was full of flavor. I enjoyed all the toppings on it. It gave it a great taste without over-powering the flavor of the beef. The sweet potato fries were good. The only negative that I could say is that the bartender seemed either extremely stressed out or a bit on the cold side. But nonetheless, I don't judge on little things like that on a first visit. We all have bad days.I HIGHLY recommend people to check this place out. Since it is literally walking distance from my house, I think I will be dropping in time to time for happy hour.
2	Appearance:  4 stars.  Upscale burger joint, very nicely appointed.  Full bar, great outdoor seating though inadequate lighting made it hard to read menu.Service:  2.5 stars.  No hostess stand or sign that says to seat yourself.  Took about 10 minutes for first contact With server.  No silverware when appetizer delivered. Food:  2 stars.  Beer was not cold, and glass was warm.  Shrimp appetizer appeared to be shrimp served in beef bouillon-type broth.  The infusion burger was good, with green chiles and pepper jack cheese inside the burger.  Homemade chips were good.Overall:  2 stars.  We were seduced by the appearance but the food and beer did not live up to our expectations.
3	I loved the location and the setup of this place. Very cute. Everyone I was with really liked their food. My burger just wasn't as good as Indulge. I would go here again to try something else though!
3	Stopped in for lunch today, place was busy. Staff were attentive, fast and friendly. Had a hummus and ahi salad, guest had a chicken sand. Service prompt, food tasty,great job on refillsDecor nice- will visit again
3	Been here twice now.  The burger and fries were pretty good.  Plenty of TVs in the bar area.  Service can be a little lacking at times.
2	Decidedly average..  I had a green chile cheese burger that supposedly had some "zing"- but it had none.  The daughter had Mac and cheese that was obviously right out of the Kraft box.  Some people like that .  Other than some decent sweet potato fries, nothing to differentiate this place from any other burger joint.
3	We've had takeout twice from Lush Burger and thought it was pretty decent.  Both times I had the lush burger classic with gorgonzola and truffle fries.  Husband tried the lush burger classic with cheddar and the western burger.My burgers were cooked as ordered, on a nice brioche bun with butter lettuce, red onion, tomato and their sauce.  I wish they had something sharper in a blue than the gorgonzola (a maytag blue maybe), it's too delicate and the flavor is lost.  I loved the truffle fries, they had some grated parmesan on them but were still crisp (but why do so many restaurants in AZ sell coated french fries?????).My husband loved his western burger.Very pleased with this place, I wouldn't get a burger here every time but it's a great close spot with plenty of options.
2	You'd think that a place with single burger meals starting at $8 for plain burgers would have great-tasting food, impeccable service and to-die-for decor. Not so at Lush Burger.To be fair, the decor isn't that bad at the north Scottsdale restaurant and is probably the best thing about it, in fact. It's a funny thing to stand out, but I really like their all-white bathrooms and pretty hanging lights throughout the restaurant.The cow print seats in the bar arear are a turn-off (I don't like to be reminded cows had to die for all those burgers), but I like the red-focused color scheme and the overall classiness of the hamburger joint. There's also a big patio with really nice flat-screen TV's.The thing that has disappointed me the most about Lush Burger is the service. All three times I've been there, it has taken at least 20 minutes for my parties to get our food-even when the restaurant wasn't busy.The first time I went, I requested a veggie patty on the Lushburger Classic ($8). I've never experienced any type of problem when making a request like this anywhere else that offered a veggie burger-if you have a veggie burger on the menu, you should be able to substitute that veggie patty on any other burger. The waitress at Lush, however, didn't understand this concept at all and said the only option available was to get a portobello mushroom burger, which wasn't listed on the menu but was vegan. It didn't come with the stuff I had wanted from the classic, like pickles, but it was fine. Still, having to add cheese for $1 and fries for $3 (none of the burgers come with fries) that resulted in an average-tasting lunch was disappointing.I had a Farmers Market Salad ($8) next time I went. It came with lettuce, corn, artichoke, avocado, edamame, cucumber, carrots, tomato and jicama with a champagne vinaigrette. The salad parts were OK, but the dressing was bland and the meal was almost freezing cold.The third time I went, I got the veggie burger I wanted the first time-funny how I should have been able to get that all along.The quinoa and grilled squash patty did taste great, but it should be made with something that helps it stick together better, because the burger kept falling apart. The veggie burger usually comes bun-free because of this, and I really wish Lush had a better veggie patty option for people who want some of their other burger options without the dead cow.While I can't comment on the meat burgers, I think it's pretty annoying Lush charges for fries. And since all my experiences there, both service- and food-wise, have been mediocre, I'm not rushing to go back any time soon.
2	I was really craving a good veggie burger and Lush is close to work, so I decided to give it a try. We were surprised by the tacky interior when we first got to Lush Burger. Cow hide seats with red embellishments? Yikes...  The place was EMPTY on Friday at noon -- really strange for being in the North Scottsdale business neighborhood.My boyfriend got the classic Lush burger. He said it was very mediocre. He probably wouldn't come again as he wasn't impressed.  I got the 'inside out veggie burger' - (it's important to emphasize that it was not exactly a veggie burger.. it was more like super thin pan-fried quinoa sheets (2 of them) -- in place of the bun to hold in all the balsamic arugula... very strange). The balsamic reduction completely overpowered the taste. It said it had zucchini and squash in the 'burger' but I saw no such thing -- only the crispy quinoa sheets. There was a tiny slice of avocado and some red peppers in the midst of the arugula...  I wish they had an option to NOT get chips, and opt for a salad instead -- as I am obviously opting for their 'healthier' lunch option. If you are looking for a new vegetarian option, this is not it. I expected a robust veggie burger patty with quinoa and vegetables ... not what I got at all. As everyone has already  mentioned.. fries are $3 extra, so if you opt for fries, it'd be an $11 lunch meal -- it wasn't even worth it for $8. Disappointed.
4	We really like Lush Burger!Most of their burgers are in the $9 range and all are flavorful and delicious!  The burgers are so big sometimes that you might need to use a knife and fork.  Or, maybe it was just the size of their Pittsburgh ($12.99) which was huge.Another plus for Lush Burgers is their Happy Hour which runs until 7 pm.  They have four or five beers on tap and their wine list which is not huge, IS very good.  And, now that the cooler weather (low nineties and high eighties) is here, you have the added benefit of sitting outside.  And, even though they aren't a sports bar, they have enough flat screen TVs around the bar area, so you won't feel you are missing a game.When you order, consider the sweet potato french fries or the beer batter onion rings as sides.  Both are very good.  I can also recommend their salads, particularly the Cobb.  But ask for extra dressing.BTW, I don't know how Lush Burger does it, but the wait staff is a very happy young group, who go out of their way to get you whatever you want.  We have never seen them flustered, or annoyed and ... they're always .. . well, happy.  It's both extraordinary and very nice; and makes for a fun dining experience.  Enjoy!PS, -- From time to time the weekly mail bulletins have coupons and if you fill out their email card, you will also get some discounts via the internet.
3	Quick to be seated, then slowness started. Finally got my green tea, lukewarm, and eventually some else came up with a quizzical look asking if I've been helped yet. Nope! Ordered the infusion burger and truffle fries. Burger came with green chiles, canned it appears, and the truffle fries were luke warm.  Finished the so so burger, left the fries...you can skip this place if yore looking for your great burger fix for the month like I was.
1	We were in the neighborhood and my brother wanted a good burger so we decided to come here. I should have checked the yelp reviews first! lets start with the decor. I feel like I'm in a slaughter house with all the red and then they put cow hide on the bar chairs, just tacky. good idea to have a couple of TVs to watch games at the bar, bad idea to place them right behind the HUGE ikea lamps. Bathrooms: dirty, smelly. Gross!Service: worst Ive experienced...ever! We walk in, stand next to the "please wait to be seated sign" for about 3 minutes until the girl leaning on the bar said we can sit anywhere we want. so we sit, wait another couple minutes for menus and another couple minutes for waters. About 10 minutes of reviewing the menu and waiting for our server, who was jamming out to the song playing outside, I flag down the manager texting behind the bar and tell her we are ready to order. FINALLY our server comes over, takes our order with the most careless attitude and looks at my empty water glass and asked me if I needed more water! WTF! Just fill it!!! Ok, so we wait another 20 minutes for food... soo annoyed at this point!The burgers were all cooked to sh**, they were dry and unpleasant. They sauce that was on my burger was just soaked up in the huge bun that looks like it was purchased at Fry's bakery. The kids sliders, just bread and more burnt pieces of meat. no ketchup, no cheese. All the ranch, and BBQ is from a bottle, nothing is made here as it states it is on the menu.
2	Yesterday was the second time we tried Lush Burger. The service was, again, slow. The wait staff took a while to come to the table with menus and to take our drink orders. My husband and I ordered sliders with sweet potato fries. Lets be honest here. The menu is not that big. The quality of the sliders left a lot to be desired. There were only about 4 other people dining when we were seated. It took quite a while for our order - my husband even commented about it. We order sliders because they are smaller and faster to cook - but not here evidently. And the fries and the burgers were exceptionally greasy. And there were black burned bits on my plate along with grease puddles under the burgers. The fries were like limp sweet potato noodles. Yuck. You have a great location and could have an outstanding product. What is so hard about making good food? You have lost us as customers. You should be visited by Restaurant Stakeout. And having "Cooky" with his dirty clothes out in the restaurant chatting up the customers at the bar - eeeuuuuuuuwwwwwww! Bye bye Lush Burger. It should be a gold mine but I guess management doesn't really care.
4	This place is near work so decided to give it a try even though some reviews mentioned they were slow and had bad service. They must have taken the criticism to heart because the service on my visit was simply awesome - couldn't have been better.  Food came out hot and quick. Hope that Cheeseburgers and Beer hear that this place has stepped up their game.Burger ran about $10 and includes house made thick cut chips.Pretty on par pricing with the big sit down chains like Red Robin but much better burgers and atmosphere.Likes:Service was awesome!The meat on the burger tasted good.The chips were good.Plenty of burger topping options.Dislikes:Even gas stations brew tea, get rid of those gross instant tea dispensers.$3 to substitute fries is out of line.Bun was dried out - try toasting your bread if you are going to let it dry out.Gigantic light fixtures block TVs above the bar - bad design choice.
4	Man... this place is great!  I did the Infusion Burger... Atmosphere is upscale without making you feel like dressing up!
3	The great, good, bad, and ugly:     Let me clarify my review: I view  3 stars as a "C" rating. I fully intend to try Lush again, but I was aware of very mixed reviews, and I hope the owners are reading the same reviews. The great: the wait staff is awesome. They were friendly, fast, knowledgeable. Lush gets huge points for their patio - large with lounge furniture, tables, lights in the trees, great ambiance - and one of the reasons i will try it again. The good: great location, size, and design. Menu is good, but they could expand it a bit. My Philly burger was good - not great. They cooked the meat perfectly as ordered, but there just needed to be more flavor.....perhaps my fault for not ordering the one with green chili and pepper jack. The large portion of Angus beef validates the price on the burger, but needed some seasoning of some kind while on the grill. The bad: our drinks were not good. If they say they have a "top shelf" margarita, they need to get rid of the too-sweet/lime punch mix they use. There are too many tequila and margarita aficionados in this area to not do that well. My lemon drop martini needed some fresh lemon juice, as well. It depended strictly on lemon vodka and came off harsh and lacking actual lemon flavor. The ugly: the women's bathroom was filthy. Whomever decided an all-white bathroom was a good idea should personally have to retile the floor. I don't have a problem with dirty footprints on a white floor. I DO have a problem with the weeks of "scrunge" built up on the edges of the floor and in corners, around the toilet - which a wet mop didn't even attempt to clean. However, the mop did manage to leave dirt and filth on the white walls. Lovely. It also smelled less than fresh. Every restaurant manager knows to re-clean and check the restrooms before their busiest dinner shift of the week. By improving just the basics, this could be a great place. It just isn't "there" yet.2nd visit: great burger, extremely slow service, had to asked for flatware after receiving food, no refills on tea and dinner took 1 1/2 hrs.
1	AWEFUL!!!Food: burgers come on a bun that 3times too big and dry, a bun can really make the burger. Inside the burger is what you mom used to make as a kid, big old plump dry patty that 2 inches wide and 2 inches thick.Fries, thin soggy and cold as the must have just been sitting there for an hour rather than making fresh hot ones as a customer would expect.Price $10 for the burger but if you want fries...guess what that's $3 more.Also ordered farmers salad which was supposed to be a garden salad with lots of veggies. The issue is the top with canned corn and frozen vegetables. Are you kidding me? Dressing was store bought low end, the kind that you would see as a grocery store brand. Unetible!Service: it's run by kids and they could really care less about how you are doing and pay much attention to you. Waitress asked "are you done?" which we replied yes and she just threw the bill down and walked away.Decor: it's nice and should say swanky but that cannot make up for what a complete joke this restaurant is who could care less about quality or service. Also, note that this place is filthy, the floors have grease all over it and you will notice that when u sit down under your table.For essentially $20 for a burger fries and soda, run away run far far away. This place wont last. Don't waste your time or money here.I honestly know that in and out is far better and that's fast food.
1	Absolute worst service ever. Been here for 1 1/2 hours and still no food. Manager ignored 3 requests to talk to us and when he finally came to our table he had an attitude. Waitress was non existent. Don't come here if you want to eat anytime soon.
4	good food. servers nice, friendly & quick!  would go again!
2	Lush is not what I would describe their burgers or service. This place has mediocre food and terrible service.My husband and I stopped here for a lunch date and noticed they had a lunch special for the lushburger classic with fries and a drink. Both of us ordered our burgers medium rare. The actual burger patty was less than half an inch thick and came out well done -like a drive-thru burger from McDonald's or similar. The bun was flavorless and the fries were meh. Overall, the meal was not impressive and very bland. I told myself I didn't want to come back but somehow my husband talked me into going here again. The second time we stopped in for lunch and the place looked over half empty and really slow. Standing by the hostess stand area was another patron waiting to be seated, so we stood behind her waiting for the hostess or a waitress to seat us or even acknowledge us. So, we waited. And we waited. We waited for 15 or so minutes. There was absolutely no eye contact from any of the staff and there was plenty of staff wandering around. No verbal "be with you in a few", no eye contact, and no one even came anywhere near us. We were avoided like the plague. Unable to even flag someone down, we left and haven't been back.
3	We all know that the valley is saturated with burger joints. This restaurant looks a little bit more posh than others with their expensive furniture and an oversized patio near Pima road. While I occasionally crave a good burger, I hate paying more than $ 10 for it no matter how good it is. Sorry a burger is just that: a burger unless of course there is foie gras (goose liver for the unfamiliar) on it, then there is a warrant to pay extra otherwise NOT!On my last visit, I sat the bar and I thought the service and my burger were very good .What drives me up the wall is paying extra for cheese and fries.These days I want value for my buck and lush does not exactly deliver that. I do wish them success considering there is plenty of competition in the upscale burger market in the valley:The GrindBlu BurgerLocal BistroTavern AmericanaI almost ordered a milkshake to wash the burger down but changed my mind after I noticed they used Hershey syrup. Sorry, I don't like Hershey syrup no matter how popular it is. I expect a higher quality syrup if I am going to pay $ 6 for a milkshake, and not all the artificial ingredients that Hershey syrup contains like high fructose corn syrup!Will it be worth my return visit: sorry No - as there is nothing lush about the place except of course the expensive, cow skin laden furniture (seats)....
2	With the name Lush Burger I expected just that a lush burger. We arrived on a Monday @ 5:30 pm and there were only 2 other tables of people there eating. First let me say the 2 stars are for the outside patio and kids eating free on Mondays. I had the turkey cob burger 'skinny style' (supposed to be wrapped in lettuce). The burger arrived with a gigantic lettuce leaf on top and bottom stuck in with a toothpick. The lettuce was not even close to being wrapped on the burger so I could pick it up and eat it. The turkey was overcooked and dry. The sweet potato fries where good but just the standard frozen ones that you get everywhere. My husband said his med rare burger was also overcooked. Overall our service wasn't good, we barely saw our server and had to ask another server to get our server so we could order more drinks. We knew going in this was a pricey place and we don't mind that if the food is exceptional... We won't be back as there are far too many other gourmet burger places in the area.
3	Yummy truffle fries!
1	Awful!!! Service incredibly poor. The waiter didn't bother to inform me the goat cheese for my burger was unavailable until the food came out, and no opportunity to adjust my order. My husband's soda never arrived...and after the goat cheese incident he never bothered to stop by the table to check on us, except to drop off the check (which had the charge for the soda on it). My husband had to go up to the bar to correct the bill and pay, because the waiter didn't come back to the table. The burgers were mediocre at best. Brioche bun, um no...way to dense. They even used the "brioche" bun to make my sons grilled cheese...let's just say it was all bread. Also, my wine was hot, not even room temp, hot! Just a really awful experience.
1	It's a Sunday afternoon around 2 pm, so the fam decides to grab a burger and relax on the patio. Well, we relaxed alright...for 45 minutes waiting for our food to come (which never did). Apparently the computers went down and our order was lost. The waiter apologized, but we waited and waited while tables that came AFTER us were served. Our kids were hungry (and so were we), so we left with empty stomachs and a bad taste in our mouth.My advice...don't bother.
2	I was really not impressed with the service or the food.  First of all, our party of 4 was the only party in the restaurant at lunch, and yet they screwed up our order. Two of us ordered the same burger, one well done, one medium.  It turned out, they got the burgers mixed up and gave me the well done one...YUCK! It was dry and burnt (I ordered the medium).  When I told them about it, after I had already bitten into it, the kid just said, "OH", and didn't do anything about it....how can they screw that order up when we were the only people there?  Very mediocre food...wouldn't go there again for a pricey, meh burger.
3	I really like that Lush Burger took the time to make a pretty amazing burger for Vegetarians. It really is not your typical veggie burger! With two toasted,"bun-free" quinoa, grilled zucchini & squash patties surrounding roasted peppers, avocado, arugula and served with a balsamic reduction it is a mouth sensation. The sweet potato fries are a great side for a very nice lunch. Well done Lush.
2	A buddy brought me here to say thanks for helping him move.  We were the only two there around 9:30 on a Saturday night.  He recommended the turkey burger so that is what I went with.  I found that it lacked flavor.  Sure, it was huge but it was bland.
4	Second time in---- yum to the veggie Quinoa burger. Wow!
3	I came here for lunch on a business meeting and I enjoyed my experience. I agree with some of the reviews that these guys are on the "gourmet burger bandwagon" and while my burger was not the greatest I've ever had on my forty years on this planet, I enjoyed it.The service was friendly, if a little slow, and the atmosphere nice so even though I don't think I'd make the journey from Central Phoenix up here for a burger, I think everyone could do far worse.
2	OK at best.  A couple of bites of mystery meat!
3	Service was slow and never saw anyone after our food was delivered til way after we were finished and sitting there with empty plates and glasses. The server's cell phone kept ringing while we were ordering. I did, however, enjoy the food....burger was very good and my son had their pizza which was not bad for Arizona pizza (it was no Jersey or NY pizza). Service left a LOT to be desired though...
4	Lush Burger is close to my work so I go there from time to time.  When I go I get the Ahi Tuna Burger and fries.  They Have Lush fries, Sweet Potato and Truffle fries which all very good.  That and a tea or beer and I and set!!
2	The food was alright. For some reason, they were out of pizza? How. The server was very kind. The chips that come with the burger were very hard and unflavorful. I might not be coming back. Also, $2 for fries?
3	Meh I've had better.. Sliders were dry, salad was dry, chicken sandwich was good. Happy hour lasts until 7 which is nice!
5	Favorite place for a burger! Their fries that come with certain meals are very good but could use a little salt / pepper added to them. The lush fries are also very good for people who like plain french fries. I get the same thing every time and it just gets better every time I eat it. It does get very old in here so I recommend either sitting outside (When the weather is nice) or either bringing a little shrug / sweater to wear while inside the restaurant. Service is very fast, they are always nice and do frequent checks to see if everything is good or if you need anything else.
4	Yummy! Nice variety. Good quality. If you're jonesing for a burger and your friends want salads or something, yup - they got 'em. Doing the gourmet burger schtick but that's ok if you got the goods. They do. Great sides. Nice bar. Terrific service.  Would go again in a heartbeat.
2	The concept is good, the execution is lacking. This is a nice 'upscale' burger place with nice atmosphere. The problem is they are serving basic burger quality at fancy burger prices. Regardless of the burger you order, the huge bun overpowers the limited volume of internal ingredients. Making a burger look big by using a huge bun doesn't overcome the disappointment of quantity and it negatively impacts the quality. The same can be said for the chicken burger which is a tiny breast of chick inside a mammoth bun and little else. Paying $14 for a burger with potato chips (fries extra) has quality and quantity expectations that Lush Burger falls well short on.
3	First time at Lush Burger with my grandson - I was expecting more from the establishment after reading excellent reviews in the local papers. We were very impressed with the decor and local atmosphere - the owners clearly invested in the design of their establishment and we felt comfortable and cozy! But the burgers were really disappointing. My grandson had to return his sliders because they had hard gristle in them. The buns were COLD - whether this was an accident or whether the chef took the decision not to heat the buns - either way, it takes away from the experience. I will definitely go back and try the burgers again - and this time ask for the buns to be heated!
1	Two classic hamburgers, (least expensive on the menu) two milkshakes, and one order of sweet potato fries came to forty-two bucks with tip.Wife's burger was totally uncooked and raw throughout. Mine was ok, but the potato chips had the crunch factor of peanut brittle. Some may like that, I don't.My wife got the shits around midnight. My shits came slightly sooner than hers...like when I saw the bill was thirty seven bucks.I'm only going back when my dickhead in-laws come to town.
4	I really like this place. I don't get burgers so can't comment on them, but they have some great salads and the turkey burgers are really good too. I love their sweet potato fries. I have always had really good service. It's nice to be able to sit outside with a glass of wine. I don't think you can go wrong here for a nice casual dinner.
5	Great hip spot to throw back some cold local beers with the boys. With the weather getting better, take advantage of the cool patio. I normally get the turkey burger and love it.Sweet potato fries are crispy hot succulent and overall bomb.com! I'm not married but if I was this would be a great local spot to get away from the wife and watch the game
4	Ok, so I went to Lush when they first opened and was completely unimpressed!  Tonight was my first time back.  I wasn't expecting much but didn't want to drive farther than my own neighborhood.  I ordered the Ahi Salad & was pleasantly surprised.  The kids had the giant burgers and almost finished them.  The atmosphere was really great on the patio & the weather was perfect!  Service was perfect!  Very cool that they turned this place around.  Jack, the awesome bus boy, said the menu just changed, and apparently for the (much) better!  The burgers are a little pricey at $12, but we were told there are usually coupons in the mail or offers through the mailing list for $6 burgers!  Give it a try & let's keep this much needed neighborhood place alive!
4	It was pretty empty when we got there at 5. Ordered the hamburgers with chips snd one with fries ($2 extra). Nice brioche bun and tasty flavor with abundant and fresh condiments, lettuce, onions, and tomatoes. Happy hour menu limited and the pizza was not available. The best thing about LB was Gary! He was a great server and his smile made us feel very welcome indeed!
3	The food here is good and fun since it's a little over the top for burgers. They have a full bar and outdoor lounge seating also. The kids serving were all upbeat and eager to please. The only problem, I think, is the management. When you order messy wings and yummy gooey burgers you should not have to ask for napkins and silverware after the food has come. Train these kids! For the good of us, them, you and the burger world!
5	The infusion burger is all you need to know. The signature dish! Great staff, they really pay attention to your dining experience. Awesome happy hour, Sunday football is perfect. Sound for the game you're watching if you need it.
3	First time here, food was decent service was decent. I don't think for $12 this is a great value and quite frankly I think that either a burger made it home or even a chain burger shop like in and out is actually better in taste. For those that love the gourmet style burger maybe this is a good spot but for me save your money and cook it at home.
4	Came for lunch. We work right down the street on Princess. It was great. Burger was cooked just as I asked and was out to our table in about 15 minutes. I remember telling my wife, the patty is still hot. That is how freshly cooked it came to out table. The house made potato chips were great too, thick cut and fried crispy. Messy burger but very enjoyable.
4	Excellent service. Very good mushroom Kobe burger & truffle fries. Drink not as strong as I would like but acceptable.  Tables were clean & chairs very comfortable. Have eaten at this location before & have never been disappointed.
2	Decided to go here with my girlfriend for a quick meal on 12/30/13. We had an appointment later on that afternoon so we told our waiter we were in a hurry.  The ambiance is pretty nice, but the main problem was the cold attitude of the staff. We had to find our own menus behind the bar and were left unattended to for about 5 minutes after we sat down. All of the staff was attending to a mixed up food order of another gentleman sitting at the bar. We should have taken this as an omen. Anyway, we ordered two normal burgers, but veggie burger style instead. We also had carbonated waters. After about 20 minutes, and still no burgers, I had to ask for the check because we were in a hurry and I didn't want to have to deal with it later. We saw an errant $8.00 charge on the bill, and when we asked what it was for, the waiter said that we were getting a normal burger, with a veggie patty on top of the beef patty. I was dumbfounded- when you ask for one style of burger "with a veggie burger instead" I'd expect only a veggie party, not a veggie patty on top of a beef patty. Amazing. Anyway, he proceeded to fill our half empty carbonated water with normal still water as we were finishing up. Surprisingly, the food was actually really good once they fixed the order. Nice quinoa veggie patty, a soft brioche bun, and fresh ingredients. And great fries! Fix the service and it's a great lunch spot. Until then, avoid.
4	Awesome burgers. Shakes, top Shelf Liquor and Flat Screen TV's. Indoor/Outdoor seating. This place is great.
1	Mid afternoon...more staff than customers and still lousy service.  After 10 minutes I asked for a menu.  The girl with her arm in a sling(for management) stood 2 ft from my table and threw the menu across the spilled thousand island dressing.Right this minute all the staff are laughing, hooting, running back and forth from the back booth...as the 3 customers sit here unattended.Took 25 minutes for the burger to come out. It was fine.The problem here is the staff. They are terrible.  A bunch of kids talking about each other, swearing and talking about the customers.Management...fix this and maybe you can survive.
1	Heard great things about this place. Went there for lunch and not only did we have to wait 45 minutes for our burgers, they were cold when we got them. We let the staff know in a nice way of our displeasure, and they just acted indifferent. The burgers weren't very good either, but that may have been a result of them being cold.
4	Great atmosphere and a pretty mean burger!
2	Been twice. Bad service and very very average food....bummer as it's in my neighborhood.
3	The waiter was good but the food was just ok. I could have made the same burger at home for half the cost. The chips were good but a bit greasy.
2	I got sick from this place today. The burger was good but the 'chips' that came on the side were odd tasting. Nothing exciting.
5	Great Burger, perfectly cooked!! Great atmosphere and service was curious. Thanks Lush I'll be back!
1	Bad service,hostess who cares more about herself, and inattentive staff make this a must avoid! Bar cannot make a standard manhattan. Hamburgers were ok and the fries were only lukewarm....
2	Lousy service. Staff ignores customers and socializes among themselves. Food is slow and meh. No sign of a manager anywhere onsite. Better burgers elsewhere. Main problem here is lack of leadership and no management.
4	Saw Lush Burger on Check Please Arizona then looked them up on Yelp.  The ratings for service were abysmal.  Complaints that staff were not attentive, had devil-may-care attitudes.  A few moments later I received the Clipper Magazine and as I perused, I saw coupons for Lush Burger.  I decided it was fate and gave them a try.  The patio was full yet inviting but what scared me away was a table full of kids, loud like kids can often  be.  I don't have problems with kids.  I have problems with parents who don't supervise kids when they get out of control.  So I decided to have a peaceful dinner and went inside.  I was seated almost immediately at about 7PM--check.  DJ our server gave us menus and brought us water--check,check!  We ordered the classic with cheese and a plain classic with raw onions--medium rare.  They came out perfectly cooked as were the regular fries and sweet potato fries that we ordered. (Triple check!)  We asked for a spicy sauce and we got the "House" hot sauce---absolutely delicious.  DJ came by to see how everything was.  Very attentive lad.  Used the coupons without a problem which helped out with the check (a little bit because our burgers were not the expensive ones to begin with).  I found everything to be on point during this visit and did not experience what others have in terms of bad service.  I will definitely be back.
2	Man, it seems I have been giving a lot of two stars lately.  I was in the mood for a burger and in the Scottsdale area with my nephew.  We decided to give Lush Burger a try.  We sat outside (first off - BAD IDEA - there are FLIES everywhere trying to take a nibble off your gobble).  First, we ordered the chicken wings - completely MEDIOCRE at best (I am a wing junkie and this is one I would never order again, respectfully).From there, ordered the burger, fries (both regular and truffle) and we each got a burger (I went with the "Western" which is basically like a carls Jr. "western bacon cheeseburger."  Burger was pretty good (Gigantic, even a big mouth like me had trouble taking a bite if you like those kinds of burgers) but not amaze balls or anything like that.Finally, being a foodie connoisseur, tried their deserts.  Lush was pretty good in this area.  Had their peanut butter shake - DELISH, and their cinnamon donuts (Lushpuppies I think they call them), also very good although seemed like they were not fully deep fried in the middle, but all in all the deserts were the best part of the meal.Attorney Steve Tip: When I ate here, (while chewing) the thought kept occurring to me "I wish I was at Bobby Q's" off the 17th.  That is the best burger around, and their cinnamon donuts (FREE AT THE END OF YOUR MEAL) are better than Lush.  I know this is completely digressing and on the other side of town, but if it were me, I would take my nephew to Bobby Q's next time.  IN fact, I told my nephew that.  You might want to do yourself the favor and head their in the first place if you are looking for the KILLER BURGER.  I wrote a review on them so check that out for more specific information.  Anyway, when I start daydreaming about other restaurants, that is when I pull out the two star.  Sorry guys, your place seemed real nice and all (waitress and staff were exceptional, let me not forget to give a shout out for that) but I don't think I will be stopping in again.Peace outFind your Sizzle!Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyerhttp://www.vondranlaw.com
1	Stay away. You would think that a place that specializes in burgers would know how to cook them to order. The only thing they know how to do is well done. You could literally write on the sidewalk with the pieces of charcoal they served. One burger went back twice, trying to get medium rare, but three times and it was still well done. The service poor too but I'm not going into that.
3	Out of the three burgers & sandwiches ordered at our table, I'd be least likely to recommend the "classic". The brioche buns these burgers are served on are WAY too sweet. The buns overpower the burger, and if you get the classic, there's nothing added to the meat to give it any extra flavor. The patties were too small compared to the brioche bun - there was a good half inch of bread sticking over all sides of the burger. There weren't any complaints about the "infusion" or the grilled chicken wing sandwich from the two that ordered them, so maybe try these out if you visit. Don't pay the $8 for the classic though. Total waste of money.
5	I have eaten at Lush Burger five times.  Always had a burger and have never had a bad meal.  Love the Bella Angus Burger. Great flavor and fun atmosphere!
5	I visit this Lush Burger location often as I have a business in the same plaza.  The lunch is always excellent and you get plenty of it.  (Try the home-made potato chips!)Happy hour is an excellent deal!  The wine is good and the pepperoni pizza is one of my favorites (I'm Sicilian).  Plus, the outside seating is a great atmosphere.  This is a good place to socialize after work!
2	A friend suggested Lush Burger after seeing it mentioned on "Check Please" and although there were many unfavorable reviews we headed out to see for ourselves.  Got there around 11:30 and walked in with no one there to greet customers.  I did notice the sign that says "please wait to be seated" was turned around and the podium was also pushed in a corner.  Someone behind the bar did finally acknowledge us and told us to sit wherever we wanted.  Daryn was our server and she was very friendly.  Drinks were served immediately.  We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and it did take a bit before we got it but it was very tasty and the two dipping sauces were excellent. All three of us ordered burgers.  Two were the Philly and one the Bella Angus and we all requested medium well.  Two of us ordered the fries ($2 extra) and the other stayed with the standard chips.  The burgers arrived within a reasonable time just as we were finishing the calamari which was perfect.  One of the burgers was still very pink in the middle and unfortunately my friend that got that one hates pink or red meat but opted NOT to send it back but did tell Daryn afterwards that the meat was not cooked to order.  She said she would pass it on to the cook.  My other friends burger was cooked perfectly.  Mine was a mixture of some pink and some well done.  The chips were very good and crisp.  One portion of fries were very nice.  My portion were the bits and pieces of what could be the leftovers at the bottom of the bag as most were only one to less than one inch long.  Some were crisp and some limp.  We all agreed the meat itself had no flavor even with the cheese, onions, mushrooms and all the other condiments that came with them.  We also noted that the bottom of the burger bun was cold only to find out all three of our plates were actually cold!  What restaurant serves hot food on cold plates?The staff seemed to be efficient but they were REALLY young and looking into the kitchen when the doors would swing open so were the cooks which is obviously the reason for the food flaws as there is no professional chef on board.  We will definitely not return to this restaurant as there are many other burger places out there that serve a tastier burger.
5	5 Stars hands down.  Service, food and attention to detail from our waiter made me a happy customer.  This place is a gem in north Scottsdale and if you find yourself in the area craving a burger do not think twice to consider stopping here.  The fire chips were amazing as an appetizer and the burger was well made.  Cooked to my liking and prepared in time for my taste buds.  The blue moon I ordered on tap was a bit flat, but that wasn't a problem for our waiter to quickly switch out the kegs and bring me a new pint from the tap.  I know I'll be coming back for more of the menu.  I ended the dinner with a peanut butter shake and it didn't disappoint at all.  Great place, great atmosphere and great food.
4	Finally got to try this place! My work out studio is in the same shopping center, so I smell the deliciousness every time I get out of a workout (unfair, right?). So the hubs, stepson, and I ventured over last Friday evening. They have a nice outdoor patio area with misters..we almost decided to sit out there, but there was one table left inside so we decided on that instead. I'd love to come back here in the cooler months to sit outside and have a couple of cocktail and a burger.First off, we ordered the Hell Fire Potato Chips - house made chips drizzled with hot sauce and crumbled bleu cheese. O. M. G. They were crazy good! We wanted MORE hot sauce on them because it was so addicting! We ended up ordering a side of it later on for our fries LOL.My husband and I split the Lushburger Infusion - beef infused with green chilies & pepper jack cheese w/ a chipotle spread. If you've read my other reviews, you know we like our food spicy, so I had high hopes for this one. It wasn't AS spicy as I would've like it. I couldn't really taste much spice at all, unfortunately. However, the burger was cooked well and the bun was on par, so I was happy. My stepson ordered the Western Burger w/ bacon and BBQ sauce and he seemed to devour it, so I'm gonna assume it was good. There were a couple of mistakes made with our orders, but our server was more than accommodating. Great service overall. The 80's music they were playing was a bit much. By the end of the meal, I was over it. A little variety might be good, guys...just sayin.My guys also ordered milkshakes; I was too full to order my own, but I did taste theirs. The Mr. Lushbar (peanut butter and chocolate) tasted like straight peanut butter. I like peanut butter, but not to that extent. The Chocolate Thin Mint was good. It tasted like it had peppermint extract instead of that weird mint flavor I normally taste in, like, mint chocolate chip ice cream. I signed up for their Lush Club and got a free burger! Have to redeem by Sunday, so I better get there quick!
5	Love the burgers, the wings, the happy hour and the staff. Erin and her crew are great,  always nice, good atmosphere.  plus they love to support my animal rescue! !!
5	Wow,  we have a new favorite restaurant. First time here and surely won't be the last. Love the comfortable outdoor patio.  Sitting outside at 4 PM and absolutely no sun hitting us with the large umbrellas and mesquite trees. Love the variety of seating.  FOOD WAS GREAT. Awesome Cobb salad.  The presentation of all the ingredients in different rows was fantastic. Good portion size too. Price was just right. Perfect.
5	By far one of the best restaurants we have been to in Scottsdale! My boyfriend and I are routine diners in where we always go to the same places we love and this is a definite on our list! If you can make if for happy hour they have the best! 4-7 (which is later than most in the area). The beef sliders on a pretzel bun are heaven in your mouth! $2 on happy hour! So bomb. We've also had the pretzels and cheese which is phenomenal. (We like pretzels.) They have so many gourmet burgers to choose from and they even serve pizza! We've been eyeing the shakes too which we'll probably get before we leave. :) :) yum! Over all, this place is the bomb and it's definitely worth coming! You will be hooked!
5	amazing!!! and the chef chuck is not only amazingly good looking but the best chef in town
4	I love the burgers.  Go here for lunch once a week on average.  Good service, great burgers and great atmosphere.  The only complaint is the guy who goes to lunch there every time I have been there that sits at the bar and puts away drink after drink and tries to start a conversation with anyone who will tolerate his drunk butt.  Cut the guy off.
4	Stopped in tonight as there's no food at the house and it's right on my way home. I have mixed feelings about this joint as they claim their burgers are "Lush" burgers ...... Not so much but, I tried the seared ahi tuna tonight and was shocked!  It was as good as any shushi place in town.  No I'm not kidding. The service was friendly and prompt and my only serious complaint is that the restaurant was way to hot!  Turn on that AC. Give them a try .....  BTW, her royal highness left me and I'm suffering from a broken heart
4	Great local burger place! We have tried numerous ones and have never been disappointed. Love the frozen margaritas, so get here for happy hour. The large patio is super...live music would be awesome?
5	Another 5 star outing at Lush Burger.   Again, sat out on the patio, and what a beautiful Arizona night it was.  Something about the DC Ranch area just makes everything right.  Salad and a burger as usual.  And once again, phenomenal!  Our Server was top notch too.  Ask for John!  We will be back 4 sure.....Next time, I think I will go there just for desert.  Those Mr. Lushbar shakes look to die for, but can never squeeze one in after such a great meal.
5	Just amazing in town again. Had 13$ tuna dish amazing cooked perfectly melted like butter. Side of teriyaki dipping sauce Moe ploy and garlic dipping sauce all amazing think vegas like in Scottsdale. Rents had crab cake trio for the portion they could of done with 2. And burger side onion rings where crispy. Nick was a great server. Also they allow small pets on outside patio with leash
4	I love this burger place, great servers, nice atmosphere, TV, decent cocktails, prices are in line with other places in N. Scottsdale. Only complaint I have had is the inability to cook my Angus burger medium well, it always comes out med or med rare ! last 3 times it was under cooked, they will correct it if you ask though. My next burger will be sent back if it's not right.
4	This is a great place to meet with my family on the weekend. The atmosphere is posh, yet kid friendly.  The food is served hot and fresh by the chef. My only complaint is that most of the waitresses are a little lacking in customer service skills and what are appropriate remarks or comments at the table. On our last visit the waitress  brought the check to the table when the meal was first  delivered and informed me she would pick it up when I was ready. We had not even started our lunch yet,  and planned to order a desert. After we were finished with our lunch I was looking over the bill in order to calculate the tip, and the waitress came over and told me she saw me staring at the bill and wanted me to  know she added the cost of a  desert after this bill was given to me.   I can overlook this, but think my tip should be shared with the chef since he is the one making the best impression, in fact, I regret leaving any tip.  It might be a good idea to re-train the waitresses on customer service skills.
3	I used to really like this place but have been disappointed the last several times there. The service is the main problem. Their people scurry around everywhere, but we waited 15 minutes to get a drink last night. That's just way too long.The food is good - their infused burgers are their namesake and the menu is ample. My wife & I love the Ahi Tuna Salad. There's lots of TVs to watch the game(s), a great patio, a hosted gametruck for the kids on Sundays and a liberal happy hour... lots of good stuff. I really WANT to love this place, but the service has been poor on our last 4-5 stops here.
4	Gal Pal & I went for happy hour on Wednesday night and sat on the patio.  Our server was Sasha and she was VERY good and was over the top nice in taking care of all my special request... ie. extra ketchup, 3 more pickles please).  We ordered off the happy hour menu and both got the house cab to drink (it was surprisingly delish) and the sliders.  It should be noted that this is "ONE" slider (aka baby burger for $2) so you will really want to consider getting at least two. Our Turkey patty was not a patty but 1/4 cut of a regular size burger which I thought was a wee bit odd but it tasted good.  The sliders don't come with any "extra's" ... just the meat and the bun so we asked for lettuce, tomato & pickle.  We also ordered a little basket of fries too (1/2 regular & 1/2 sweet potato) which were good.    Overall we liked the food and loved the ambiance & our server.  Truly they don't come better than Sasha so hopefully the restaurant will hang on to her.   We will be back!
5	I usually sit at the bar here and the service and attentiveness is absolutely stellar. One of the best happy hours in the area. They also invest in the local community and that goes a long way with me!
2	My friend heard about this place on that local show, Check Please. The food was alright. I ordered the crab cake sliders and a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were fine but the crab cakes were just eh. Not sure if they were overcooked or formerly frozen but just thin, dark patties.  It was a very cute restaurant but the server was equivalent to that you would receive at a fast food place or Denny's, I imagine, since it's been years since I went somewhere like that. She came up and said, "Are you ready to order?". No introduction, nothing, and came back twice more with the same question interrupting our conversation. I don't blame her since she looked like she was barely 18 years old and I didn't see a single true adult working there... it could be the lack of training. When service is bad and food is mediocre I never plan to return. Too bad since I was excited to try this place and the location is great.
5	I have been here several times and the service, food, and atmosphere are perfect.  The patio is peaceful and perfect during the winter months of AZ and the food is delicious.  You will not find better quality burgers for the price in Scottsdale!!!!
5	Popped in after a fitness class to hang out with a friend to catch up and just girl chat.  First off the service was amazing!  I own a consulting firm that specializes in educating businesses (in the cosmetic medical field) in customer service, so I preach it day in and day out.  Jon H was our server (I think he was also the bartender) and he certainly had the customer service down!  Food was GREAT, and we didn't go 3 seconds with an empty glass.  I am not much of a burger girl, but there are so many other offerings (including the most addicting homemade kettle chips!)...  We will certainly be back!
