5	Visited this ice cream nirvana on the day they opened this spring. So many flavours, so many toppings! Ever since then, have tried all sorts of excuses to head for Waterloo on the weekend.  I am thoroughly addicted : D
3	Yay that it's Canadian owned. Yay that it's not loaded full of students or drunk people when I went, which happens rather often at Menchie's. It's within the campus area, so yes, it is to be expected. I did go during the afternoon, and I don't remember how late it closes, so perhaps this is supposed to be an alternative to Menchie's. It's very clean, and certainly much cleaner than Menchie's, with impeccable machines. The technology on these machines also seem better than all the froyo places I've been to across Waterloo, Toronto and Florida. The froyo is firm, cold and the machine is fast. Not sure if I'm a fan of having an employee do samples for me. Makes me feel embarrassed/guilty to ask for multiple samples, and also feels like they're watching my every move. They explained that it's because they don't want the sampling to go messy and overboard like it can at other places, but considering they're the only place that does this sampling method, it's a little off putting when I'm used to completely serving myself. If they're going to do that, the customer service delivery is going to have to be a lot better to sell it. I was really excited about the home made cookie dough at first, but it actually tasted like...nothing. So that was extremely disappointing, considering it's my one indulgent topping and I felt like I stuck a bunch of fat and sugar inside myself with no gratification. Enter cell phone to get $1 off coupons for future froyos. $1 is a pretty decent coupon for every visit, and will certainly tempt me to come back, since I still build "points" every visit. They also seem really nice about letting customers stick around to study or hang out (say many students studying, even napping). All in all, a reasonable contender to Yogurty's and Menchie's. Decent variety, don't know how often they rotate. Might need to rehash their sample controlling to a degree...it's only just around the corner from Menchie's, so I'm curious to see how this direct competition works out.
3	Compared to menchies some of there flavours are better such as there strawberry but overall menchies has better tasting flavours. I liked how they have a smoothie option and the combination I made with the red velvet turned out real good!
