5	I was walking around the area a while back and happened to see this furniture store.  I went inside just to check it out, not really expecting to buy anything, but I had been casually looking for a new couch so I thought it wouldn't hurt to just check it out.  Definitely a great find!Their selection is primarily contemporary and they have some very cool furniture pieces here.....and the prices are very good.  Comparing to some of the other larger, more well known stores focusing on contemporary/modern furniture in Chicago, this place definitely has some of the best prices I've seen.  I ended up finding a great little couch that is very similar to some I have seen at Room and Board and CB2, but for about a third of the price.The service was really nice as well and the new couch was available within 10 days.  Only downside: $100 delivery fee....luckily I was able to borrow a friend's truck.  If you are in the market for contemporary furniture, I highly recommend checking this place out.
3	I'm a fan of chic, modern furniture, but not of Rubin's. From time to time the window display is interesting, but the bulk of the furniture inside seems silly. I can't imagine most of it in an actual home. The prices seems ok, but I think they go a bit overboard trying to have the newest, funkiest stuff.
4	I recently purchased a gorgeous leather chaise lounge in a rich shade of chocolate-brown at Rubin's and had a great experience.I had first entertained the idea of purchasing said chair a few months ago and went in to see their selection. Prior to going in, I had found a 10% off coupon in the Reader, so the incentive to purchase from Rubin's rose proportionately.They had a vast selection of modern contemporary furniture on 2 levels. I had a hard time deciding exactly what to select, but after perusing the inventory, I made up my mind.The salespeople were very friendly and helpful, and not at all pushy. The particular chaise I ordered wasn't in stock and had to be ordered from their warehouse in Madison, WI and would take approximately 8 weeks. I was disappointed to have to wait so long, but good things come to those who wait.I got my chair about 3 weeks ago and I absolutely love it. It's comfortable as well as stylish.Can a piece of furniture be sexy? Absolutely. And I just ordered a second chair.
5	I bought 2 tables and a bed at Rubin's last week.  This place has a lot of hard-to-find items, and I really enjoyed shopping here.  For delivery, it is best that you meet the 3rd-party carrier at the store, and then proceed to your residence.  Also - it is critical that you give them your cell phone (we gave 2 numbers by mistake, and they never called the cell phone).
