4	I've come to discover that there is no such thing as a great car wash, but there is such a thing as the best car wash, and Silver Touch is the best I've found in the Valley. Sure, they occasionally forget to wipe down certain areas of the interior or leave a couple streaks on the exterior, but what car wash doesn't? The difference with Silver Touch is their customer service - they seem to truly care for your car and want you to be completely satisfied. If you have a problem, there's almost always a manager outside to speak to. Another plus is that it's not usually very crowded. The only negative is that their waiting area is a little shabby and could use a TV or some magazines, and maybe some more snack selection, but you don't go to a car wash for the waiting experience. This place gets the job done and does it well and, if for some reason they don't, they'll make every effort to make it right.
5	Whenever I get my car cleaned, this is the place that I'll always go to.  They're nice, efficient, and they do a great job.  My car is still shining a week later!The wait is very minimal.  The staff works together fantastically, and you can watch them clean your car so you don't have to worry about anything getting stolen.  Yeah it's a little small, and a bit shabby, but like the first reviewer said, you don't go there for the waiting experience!Definitely worth the money!
4	I have been coming to Silver Touch since I have been driving. It used to be a Weiss Guys, but was bought out by another member of the family. Everytime I have brought a vehicle here they have done a great job. They offer many services and options for your individual needs. The prices are reasonable and they offer a discount if you come back in a week. With the monsoon season upon us this could come in handy. I drive the 15 minutes to get my car washed here. It's what I know. Maybe I'm afraid of change?
5	Great wash fair price. Best part? They have never once stolen money out of my change cup. I count it and if a car wash employee steals it that's their tip. If fact they often find more loose change and the cup has more when they finish than when they start. They always get a good tip from me. Now whats with the guys standing around pointing at this spot or that one, or grabbing a rag and walking around after they are done wiping at nonexistent spots? And then giving them little to nothing as a tip. For christsakes go home and wash it yourself. They are working hard in the sun, and are honest. You know who you are, hang your head in shame or maybe walk in their shoes for a day.
1	Exceedingly slow, even though they didn't seem that busy. Very poor quality wash. They actually smeared dirt on previously spotless areas on the interior.
5	I have been going to Silver Touch for the past seven years (it used to be Weiss Guys Car Wash). Over the past seven years I have never found anything to complain about. The washes are reasonably priced (about $10 for a vacuum and wash or $6 for a wash while you wait in your car), and my car always looks great afterward.I absolutely HAVE to mention my last visit here, because I received amazing service. I scraped my car on a pole and had a significant amount of yellow paint transfer on my silver car. I took it in to Silver Touch, and they took the paint off IMMEDIATELY upon my arrival and charged me nothing. Of course I tipped the guy a $20 for his work in the hot sun, but you really can't beat that! (I should also mention that my dad received the same treatment when he took my sister's car in about a year prior to my  visit).As far as the standard car wash goes, I have no complaints. The detail work they do at the end is always done exceptionally well. I have had a couple instances when some of the dirt or grease on my car hasn't come off during the car wash cycle, but they happily remove it when asked. For the most part, these people are soooo busy getting cars in and out as quickly as possible, that that they may miss a small area on the car every once in a while. They're only human and it happens... Here's a tip - instead of complaining about the car wash after leaving, tell them politely that they missed a spot! They are more than happy to help you, trust me!I absolutely love this place and will continue to get my car washed, detailed, and shampooed here for many years to come!
1	Bad news for any regulars here.Silvertouch is no longer. They've sold and are operating under Arizona Car Wash.Bobby is also no longer there.  Props to the Weiss brothers and Bobby for many years of cleaning my rides, and the great personal touch. As for the new company? Rude order taker.Bad vacuum.Half-assed cleaned.Inside not cleaned.I wouldn't give these guys the air out of my ass to cool their soup, let alone another dollar. Time to find a new car wash.
