4	I don't make it to Grand all that often, so when I see the Paisley Violin it's usually on a First Friday when it's packed like a sardine can with cafe-goers mixing, mingling and watching a live band perform on stage.Imagine my surprise on a recent Friday (not a First Friday) night for a show when there were only 5 or so people there.  Once the show wrapped up, it was back to kick ass deep 80s cuts (think Thompson Twins song from Sixteen Candles and Joe Jackson) from RadioNigel.com playing in the background.The ambiance is a truly metro cafe - something many local coffeehouses are lacking. The feel inside is very bohemian chic with its moody lighting and eclectic look.  Random bric-a-brac abounds here - everything from fish tanks to a bird cage, for sale I think. It's more of a European caf / art gallery / live music venue than a coffeehouse.  Bathrooms are kind of rough around the edges - if you can hold it, you're better off.They serve a variety of coffees and tea and light fare like sandwiches, salads - lots of veggie options, btw.I had the mandarin spiced ice tea with a Venice Violin panini with dried Italian salami, provolone, veggies, pepperocini, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and Dijon mustard on a sourdough baguette. Nothing to write home about, but the food was pretty good.  I really dug the vibe at Paisley Violin, I'll be back for sure - just not on a First Friday.
4	Good.....Bands playing on Frirst Friday...Great Eclectic Decore....Looks like a old car shop...rumur it was a pet doctor place.......litte homes in back are really cool and going to be converted into shops....fREE WI FI!!! open late on the friday I was there....photos on the walls are a nice touch too....BAD: had a blended drink with way too much Ice....and just not that good....so over all great little late night place great in every way but the drink.....
5	Quirky and comfortable, the Paisley Violin is like a non-conformist's hideaway. An unassuming building in a slightly questionable but slowly emerging art district encloses a cafe/gallery/artists-haven that serves unique sandwiches with daily specials, a full-service coffee bar, free wifi and live music. The space is quite small, especially on nights when there are musicians performing, but that just adds to the intimate and welcoming atmosphere.  The staff is extremely nice, friendly and very accommodating, and the clientele are the same.  On my first visit there I had the olive bowl (watch out for the olive pits!), the paprika turkey sandwich and their unique daily soup special-- chipotle salmon chowder.  The turkey sandwich was delicious and the soup was a bit spicy (duh, it had chipotle in it!) but very interesting, with flavors I've never experienced.  I ended the meal with a cafe mocha, and I must say what a way to end a meal.  This was the BEST mocha I've ever had (that is why I am giving this place 5 stars!!!) Overall, a delicious meal and a wonderful time enjoying some great indie and local musicians.  I'll definitely be going back again real soon!
4	I have been going to the Paisley Violin for years, since it was on Roosevelt. It has always been a neighborhood favorite.Everything is fresh, homemade and delicious. From the daily soups to the sandwiches, the coffee and espresso, you can't go wrong.The service is always great, everyone is warm and wonderful.Don't be shy about the area, despite what you may think or hear, it is a nice neighborhood (I live blocks away) and things are changing fast. And it is always great to patronize a wonderful, independent neighborhood business.
5	Big scary Grand Avenue has the best kept secret ever- the Paisley Violin. I've been visiting the Paisley since it's days on Roosevelt street, and it's easily one of my favorite spots in the city. Everything about the place is just good- the people, the atmosphere, the food. The International Eggwiches- egg sandwiches on a bagel- are great for breakfast; any of them will hit the spot nicely. Lunch is always a tougher choice because there are just too many good things on the menu. I am particularly fond of the Hummus plate and the Paprika turkey sandwich, but most everything else has been amazing as well. (I'd stay away from the Champs d'Elysses sandwich though, it's much too heavy on the brie) The daily iced tea is always unusual but usually good, and the soup of the day is never subpar. The last time I was there, the not-so-traditional potato soup was heavenly. The coffee and espresso are great, although I can't say too much about the frou frou drinks because I don't drink them. I imagine they'd be great too, with as good as the coffee is. Go...eat...you won't regret it...and on your way out, pay a visit to the Paisley pigs in the back. That's right, there are two little pigs residing at the Paisley, and they're pretty cute- for pigs.
4	Paisley......love paisley prints.! Can't tell u how many neck ties I have with a kool ass paisely print.  This also happens to be a kool ass coffee shop with a kool ass name....in a world of corporate coffee beans and corporate starbucks coffee joints on every other corner....this kool ass PAISELY VIOLIN coffee shop is a great place to kick back, listen to music, grab a sandwich , and YES, sip a latte.
5	I'll write more later... at this moment, I just want to add that Paisley Violin also has FREE WIFI in addition to all the other wonderful things that other reviewers have said.
5	My heart goes out to Grand Avenue. Come alive. Please, please come alive. There are such great little spots sprinkled throughout and I think Paisley Violin is my favorite. I've been there a couple times. Once at night while there was a band there, which was cool. I felt kinda bummed that time cause I had no idea they didn't serve alcohol, but I did find out that they were byob. The band was cool. Food is good. Tea is good.I went during the day recently and had a really good lunch and was able to have a really chill lunch meeting. Our waitor for lunch was super friendly, helpful, and had a good pulse on when to check in and when not to. The best part was afterwards we walked out back and the woman I was meeting with asked if I knew about the small houses/cottages out back. Apparently, they are cottages from the Japanese Internment Camps in California. And they were some of the larger ones for families. The man who had invested in the project (I guess the owner of Paisley came up with the idea and pitched it to this guy) led us around and told us about the space and how they were going to be renting them to artists. Kind of cool, I thought...cause in some ways incredibly dark and reminiscent of something horrible...but at the same time...a way to kind of capture and convert that energy and remind people of the atrocities that have been committed when motivated solely by fear rather than logic and reason.
5	Shame on me for not acquiescing to the frequent requests by my gf to hit up one of the most alluring valley cafes.  The Paisley Violin is gills full of progressive and retro designs and a charmingly simplistic menu of favorites, including eggwiches, croissants, sandwiches, salads, and plates containing VERY fresh ingredients like organic vegetables, cheeses, cured meats, hummus, and a variety of sauces to name just a very minimal amount.  The prices are lower than what would be considered 'reasonable' and the service is quick and attentive but not overbearing.However, the REAL reason to visit The Paisley Violin is for the incredible ambiance, whether you sit inside in its darkened labyrinth of art, books, and counter snacks, or outside on its expansive, heavily shaded patio, complete with an artistic fountain and 6 tiny and freshly brightened bungalow houses in a pseudo shopping district right there in their back yard.  According to our server one house will contain a flower shop; one, a bookstore; and the another, a tobacco shop.  The other three are TBD.  It is a brilliant concept, which makes their back patio seem infused with organic commerce and street life, but without being invasive or 'busy'.  I absolutely cannot wait for these places to open, sipping a chai latte with a shot of espresso (my gf's signature drink called a 'dirty chai latte') and gazing at these magnificent store fronts, each painted in a wide palate.  One other note: The Paisley Violin is no longer BYOB, as they are awaiting the lead-legs of the city to approve, get this, their LIQUOR LICENSE!  Fans of The Paisley Violin will appreciate that spirits will now be available -- although bringing your own vino to the back patio seemed like one hell of a bargain to rent their space for the evening.  I am eagerly awaiting when alcohol will be allowed back on the premises because this place will be the gem of downtown.
4	I went here for lunch yesterday with a few friends/coworkers and thought it was the cutest place I have been in a long time.  I have to admit, the area seemed a little weird to me, but maybe its just because I'm not familiar with the area.  We entered, and were immediately greeted and told that there is a hearing for the liquor license on the 28th...so that should definitely be a plus for this place.  There was a gentleman playing guitar which was very nice, but just a wee bit too loud for ambiance - we had a hard time hearing each other.Two of my meal mates shared the hummus to start, I tried it and it was awesome as were the dolmas served on the side.  It all looked fresh and was presented very nicely.  I ordered the Champs de Elysee' sandwich which was TO DIE FOR...if you like brie, I highly recommend it.  The soup of the day was crab bisque.  When I asked our server if it was a red or white bisque he told me "neither" and then let me know that most of their items were nontraditional.  He wasn't lying.  I don't think there was a piece of crab in my bisque.  It was more of a broth, with large potato chunks and pieces of grape/vine leaves.  It wasn't bad, I just don't think I would get it again.Everyone else enjoyed their food.  The two downers that prevent me from being able to give it 5 stars are the lack of parking - some stupid macho man twit in his white Dodge Ram was blocking most of the driveway then almost runs me over trying to get a spot in the parking lot when he could have just as easily parked where he was sitting on the side of the road (which is where I ended up parking btw) and the soup.  It just wasn't a crab bisque
3	An odd looking place with an even odder name serves up some good dishes of mixed cuisine but at a price that's higher than comparable places.Paisley Violin is architecturally interesting from its cabanas that surround the entrance to its bar/restaurant/music venue feel on the inside. I was there when the place broke out a mango flavored iced tea which was outstanding, but served in children's sized glasses. Shortly after our server walked away I was ready for another refill. Food was quite good, but as I've mentioned, I can get very similar cuisine in the East Valley for far less money. I'd like to think I'm paying for the unique atmosphere and ambiance, but I've never been there for live music. I could see it being a pretty good date place at night. That might bump it up to four stars for me, but judging it strictly for lunch the price vs portion and quality sticks Paisley at a three.
5	Just a quick update to let people know that they now serve alcohol! Woohoo! They got their liquor license six weeks ago -- after a tedious process, they said -- and now have a full menu of wines and other libations (Beer and Sake that I know of).  So, next time you want to cruise downtown to listen to some great live music, have some fantastic grub and enjoy the cool atmosphere, you can do so with some wine and beer too!
4	Paisley Violin has been on my list of places to try for lunch for awhile and finally I made it there last week with some co-workers. Like many places in Phoenix, it is small with limited parking. However, there is ample street parking and from the looks of it, tables and chairs on a patio which my group would have been fine with had it not been a yucky day out. As soon as we walked in, I knew I was going to love Paisley Violin. The exposed brick walls, the random pieces for sale, a small bar, and posters for live music and movie nights all give Paisley Violin a cute atmosphere and vibe.We had the pesto brie as an appetizer and I was shocked to learn that one of my dining companions had never had such a combination before! The bread had seasoning on it which gave the cheese and pesto a nice kick when all three combined in your mouth. The portion size was perfect for the four of us to share and left us plenty of room for our lunch. As my main meal, I had the Mediterranean eggwich which was tasty; however the only disappointing factor was that I had asked for no red onions and when my sandwich came out, it had red onions on it. Two of my other dining companions both had the BLT with a side of potato salad and they both were raving over the sandwich and potato salad when we left. As one of my coworkers said, the chipotle mayo took what would have been an ordinary BLT to another level. Drinks are served in plastic cups and remind me of the glasses my parents would have bought when we were kids. It was quirky and an interesting touch. If you order a soda, it comes out in an old fashioned bottle, so there are no free refills. That is fine with me because it actually limits how much I drink!Our bill was approximately $10-12 per person (before tip) which is pretty much on par with most places we frequent for lunch. Future trips to Paisley Violin are definitely in store!
4	Been to the Paisley a couple times now and really enjoy the atmosphere and food. They have a large beer and wine selection, and their food items are all unique. If you're a vegetarian, a good portion of the menu is devoted to delivering compatible foods. Some nights they have live music or DJs. Both times I have gone I dined inside, but there appears to be a large outdoor patio that looks perfect to chill on some spring or fall afternoon.It is always encouraging to see businesses like the Paisley operate in the downtown Phoenix area. I will continue to support the Paisley and highly recommend it to others looking for some uniqueness in Phoenix.
2	Atmosphere good.  Food...not so much.  I recently ate here for the first time and, unfortunately, I can't say anything good about the food.  I ordered a chicken shwarma sandwich and expected a hot middle eastern sandwich filled with flavorful chicken sauteed with onions and spices and accompanied with crisp fresh veggies.  What I got was FAR from what I expected.  The pita bread was your typical crappy faux Wendy's style doughy flat bread 'pita', not a regular pita pocket.  Inside was some flavorless, cold, unseasoned chicken (and when I say flavorless I mean indistinguisable from a mouthful of cardboard).  They didn't even bother to put basic salt and pepper on this sorry meat.  The remainder of the sandwich consisted of raw zuchinni (WTF?!), chopped tomatoes, 3 leaves of romaine lettuce, and some bits of red onion.  None of the veggies had been dressed or seasoned.  Oh, there was also some hummus/tahini 'sauce' mixed in there (presumably for flavor), but I have never tasted anything so flavorless.  I imagine that wall spackle has more flavor and pizazz than this 'sauce'.  Come on Paisley, does your cook even TASTE what comes out of the kitchen?  Add some flavor to your food.  You could start with salt, fresh lemon juice, garlic, pepper, and high quality olive oil.  It's really not that hard.
2	I know a lot of my friends really like this place, but I just can't get over the bad service and the food really isn't that great. It's really close to my house, so I go a lot to hang out and listen to the music that they have come through. Seriously though, I have stopped eating there because I realized after the 4th time that I have had "digestive issues" EVERY time I eat there. No joke. When I did eat there, the food really wasn't that great. Usually a bite or two is good, then it just gets really gross. I've tried about every side item that they offer with there entree's and they are all pretty gross to me as well. The potato salad was the only thing that I actually thought was okay. And one time I went there and she listed off my choices for sides, I said "chips" her: "oh, we're actually out of chips" me: "soup" her: "we're out of that too now" me: "so really, what are my actual choices?" her: "salad". Sorry to all my friends who like it, but it's really not that great. I think people come in and are charmed by the homey, inner-city art dive feel it has.
4	I've only been here a few times to sit and grab a beer. I really enjoy the atmosphere of the place and the outside area is great when the weather is nice.Each time I've been here it was a Friday night and the place is pretty much dead, which is too bad because this is a great spot to sit and hang with friends. I can't comment on the food as I haven't eaten here. The alcohol selection is a bit sparse, but the bottled beer they have is good. I'm not big on crowds and I like to be comfortable when I go out, so for me the Paisly Violin is a perfect place to meet up with friends and grab some drinks.
3	Mediocre food the night we went, but it was busy and late so I didn't mind terribly.  Wine was tasty and reasonably priced, and the place had a fun atmosphere rolling.  There was a fire pit and band out back, and house-y tunes inside after the band shut down.  Cute atmosphere--a comfy little shack on Grand with moderately high ceilings and a neat looking bar.The staff was great and posssibly psychic--they comped one of my glasses of wine in apology for the so-so food that night.  Near closing time, everyone got out on the dance floor and shook it a lil... a fun crowd and a few tunes I'd never heard before.  Probably a ton of fun there if/when they have a good DJ.
3	I've always had mixed feelings about the Paisley Violin--I really want to like it more.  There is a lot to like here:  decent beer selection, local art hosted all around, outside eating areas. I went last week for a friend's birthday shindig.  I had the chicken schwarma, which was ok.  And perhaps that is what is missing for me at Paisley, the food was just "meh" and the service was not outstanding either.  It's on my list for trying out more often and perhaps I will be more impressed.
4	Yummy, creative sandwiches!  Good prices.  Highly recommended.Service is generally a bit of an issue, so if you are one of the prissy eaters who doesn't understand that serving can be tough, you'll probably get your panties in a wad.
4	If you ever overhear someone saying Grand Ave is dirty (as I have, probably from developers waiting in line with a bulldozer and starbucks contract) , this place is one of many to prove them wrong.The food is good, great selection....lots of vegetarian options.  Good drinks, possibly best chai I have ever had.  the side potato salad is very tasty.  Not a huge fan of the egg-whiches.  the croissant is a little too hard.Atmosphere:   Nice patio;  little garden and a bunch of colorful artist bungalows.  sweeps in the zen like relaxation for a lazy sunday or friday lunch.
4	Admittedly, I did not eat here.  I did come for two nights during the Phx Fringe and loved every minute of it.  This is like a hybrid dive bar and artsy hangout, being from Detroit, I felt right at home.The eclecticness of the crowd matches the atmosphere, I mean, it's called the Paisley Violin, it's going to have some pretension.  The best part about this place is the rear patio, which is like a step into another world, old brick patio with art all around you.  We were made comfortable by a very appreciative staff and drank for pretty cheap, Schlitz was only $2. The P.V. seems to be an attempt to give all the artists on Grand a place to go, we took the light rail here and rode our bikes.
4	WOW! I LOVE this place and I can't believe it took me this long to check it out.The interior is incredibly original and equally funky and cool. The menu is mostly sandwiches of which are not may favorite ... but they have a great beer selection and it's a super cool place to hang out.Big ups!
4	A Phoenix original if ever there was one!  Total gem in the lower Grand Avenue area.I love the unique atmosphere here.  Post-industrial meets shabby-chic meets post-modern meets trading post.  Or something like that.I wanted something different and ordered the Panini Cubano.  I thoroughly enjoyed the shaved prosciutto, black beans, melted swiss, pickles and chipotle mayo.  I also sampled the sandwiches of my wife and daughter and they were very tasty as well.  They had the pesto chicken and the lamb gyro, respectively.The Paisley Violin is now firmly  entrenched on my list of cool, reasonable and unique places to grab lunch and to take visitors from out of town.
4	What a night. The first time I tried Paisley was the night of the first Grand Ave Festival. The place was hoppin. My date and I seated ourselves and it took awhile for us to be helped. This is just one thing out of a myriad of other reasons I should only give Paisley 1 star. They get 4 stars because the one girl who was helping us was trying to handle the entire restaurant. And we were informed the one girl cooking all the food had been doing it 12 hours straight. With this in mind, we were quite impressed by the level of service. Another winning point was the ambiance of the place. My date remarked a number of times about how cute it is. She's right. This is a great date place. Low light, lots of art and decorations to look at, great live music to listen to, and not so loud that we couldn't carry a conversation. We had a great time. Thank you Paisley Violin. We'll be back.
2	We had just played a show down the road at PHiX for the 1st annual Grand Avenue Festival.  This is a festival organized by the businesses on Grand Avenue.  The paisley Violin is one of those businesses.That said, we came in and struggled to find a seat for the six of us.  Several 2 or 3 people groups at 6 people tables.  So we all squeeze onto one round table meant for 4 at the most.  Strike one - wait staff should shepherd small groups to small tables.Our waitress finds us after a 5 minute wait and takes our beer order.  Many of us order the same beer.  One person orders a very common mixed drink comprised of Cola and Whiskey. The waitress has no clue what it is - replying with "What's that?".   Funny, but a bit of a clue about how our epic 2.5 hour dinner will go.  A larger table freed up, so we took it.  I guess wait staff hate cleaning tables that have people on them, cause she left a big pile of crumbs laying for us to snack on.The next round of drinks, they were out of our new favorite beer because they must have a small fridge, so some of us walk outside to look at the beer list, since the waitress doesn't know them.  Those who walked outside got their drinks ordered.  10-15min later, a new waitress asks us if she can get us something.  Yes!The music was nice, and the musicians were very courteous and concerned with the volume - our band could take notes on that.I ordered the gyro.  I've had about 20 different Gyro's in my life.  This was more like a salad burying a couple very thin slices of meat.  I'm not a meat maniac, but they sure did skimp for some reason.  This new concept of saladwich was good, but not really what I ordered.  Also got the seafood chipotle soup which was interesting and tasty.They must have been out of beer, because they didn't come by for any more drink orders.  Hopefully the owners of this place will learn to stock up on wait staff and beer for special events.  Another review said that the waitress had been on for 12 hours.  She was somewhat incompetent, but I fault the owner/manager for lack of preparedness.
4	So the past week I've been ordering lunch here nearly everyday. I just love the food.Everytime I've gone here the food is spot on. A few of my fave sandwiches are The Royal, which is a roast beef sandwich with melted mozzarella, celery, lettuce with aioli sauce served on a yummy baguette.The Champs d'Elysee is also yummy. The sandwich has red peppers, artichokes and spinach. It's a bit creamy with the cream brie and aioli sauce, but tasty. They usually have a different home made soup everyday and most of the soups I have tried are always very good.I'm a fan of the Paisley and I hope more people discover this place. Anytime I'm in there, the place is sparse on people and I don't understand why.
5	Just had an awesome "eggwich". Great service and a really cool vibe. Can't wait to come back to check out the patio in the evening for a drink.
4	After numerous attempts to find a place to go to open at 11 for lunch (Lalibela, Bacchanal, etc), we headed to Downtown for Paisley Violin.  This place is not located in a cookie cutter neighborhood, but this place is worth a visit!We service was a little slow, even though we were the only ones in here, but the food most definitely made up for it.  We had the Mediterranean platter and the cheese plate.  Take note My Florist Cafe, this is how you do a cheese plate...The Mediterranean platter was overflowing with hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, olives, dolmas, etc.  I love, love, love dolmas!  And these were amazingly fresh and I was pissed that my guy all the sudden decided to like them.  The hummus was spicy and had some chickpeas that weren't completely blended, which added a nice consistency.  Everything else of that cutting board was delicious, and I love their little panini pressed pitas!The cheese plate was also delicious, serving a cranberry stilton, brie, feta, and a semi-hard cheese I couldn't identify.  We wanted to stay and have a sandwich, but we were already full from the two appetizers.  So my guy opted for a Kiltlifter while I had their pumpkin cake.  I wish it wouldn't have come straight out of the fridge, but it was delicious.  The cream cheese frosting and the dense pumpkin cake was a sweet way to end our lunch.I wish I wasn't leaving AZ in a month, because I would make myself a regular here.
3	I ate here a few times when I was working on the phoenix fringe festival earlier this year, and it was always delicious, but I went in one day for lunch, asked if I could place a to-go order, and the response I got was: "sure, but my cook isn't here, I'll have to call her. it'll be about 20-30 minutes."um, what?
5	My food hasn't come yet but this place already gets five stars cuz I know it's gonna be delish. My mouth watering as I type and enjoy the live and quiet guitar playing really incredible classical stuff in the corner. This place is uber cute and gets beaucoups des points for personality. Tons of eye candy in this little euro cafe lookalike, I feel like I'm back in San Francisco. I sat at the copper bar and was waited on by a hipster type.  Really nice and laid back service, but not record speeds.  They serve loose tea in little mesh bags that hang over your cup with a bamboo stick....more points.  My turkey brie and cranberry chutney sandwich was out of this world and the brie and pesto app I tasted was also pretty tasty.  It's coined as a meditteranean place but I'd probably call it fusion food.  Too many gourmet flavors to be strictly med.  The best thing about this place is everything.  Ambience....my favorite type...food is inventive and flavorful.  Nuff said....I'm still craving that sandwich and my only regret about this place is not asking that guitarist what he was playing.
4	Thank you Laurel L. for turning me on to the Paisley! This place is definitely not a place that you would find just by walking or driving by. It looks like it's closed when you see it from the street. Once you're inside, everything changes. The decor is great and the food is even better. I had the lamb gyro and green salad. The gyro was as good or better than I've had anywhere else and the salad was very good. I read some other reviews about the service being slow, but I did not experience that at all.The inside portion of the Paisley is hard to describe. I guess ecclectic is the most fitting description. Brick wall, varying art, rot iron chairs, a very small stage (seemingly for someone playing a guitar) etc.Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
4	I've been a fan and lover of the Paisley Violin for almost 4 years. Love this charming little place nestled on Grand Ave. It's out of the way but yet it has a downtown feel. Gina, owner and cook, makes the best hummus in town. I had one of the best Hummus pizza specials ever prepared by Gina. Since then, every time I return to PV, Gina always makes a special pizza filled with the ingredients that I love. Best cafe mochas in town! If ever I do take in First Friday, this is usually our last stop of that night. It's perfect for gatherings with friends. Check out their websites for daily specials.
3	The Paisley Violin is very close to the State Capitol where I work and I only just discovered it. Considering you have to drive into downtown Phoenix to get any sort of decent food if you work in the Capitol complex, I'd call this quite a find. It's a little hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for, and though there is a small parking lot, you're better off trying to snag a spot on the street if you see one. We went on a Friday for lunch, and though many of the tables filled up, the restaurant was still quiet, providing a great atmosphere for conversation. The service was a little slow and inattentive, but the bartender was also our waiter. The description of the sandwich I ordered said it came on a croissant, but it came out on bread instead. My friend had to send her entree back because they left off the tofu she'd requested be added to her salad. However, all the food tasted delicious. I'll definitely go here again, especially when I need something closer than downtown, but can't stand another enchilada from La Canasta Capitolio.
4	Really good. The staff is always friendly. I love the greek salad and any of their iced teas. They also have a beer & wine license, so it's a good place to go for 1st Friday.
4	I can walk here.Seat your damn self.  Wait for no one.Hummus is different and good.  Service tries their damndest but they are perpetually understaffed.  Drinks often go empty and approaching the bar is necessary.  I wouldn't dream of expecting good service or a quick bite during First Friday.The shining star up in here is Hi Lo Trio.  They play their unique brand of sonic weirdness on Thursdays and are definitely worth a listen -- live sampling/sequencing/looping of toys, found sounds, answering machine tapes and radio stuff combined with stringy electric cello and a badass jazzy guitarist.  I had never heard them, stopped in on a Thursday without even expecting live music, and stayed way past dinner to zone out to their dreamy creations.  I should have known we were in for something special when I saw that a pink toy Barbie guitar was part of their load-in.For fans of Boards of Canada, Limbik Frequencies on your iTunes radio, waking dreams...I love seeing the bartender march with purpose toward the tiny stage as she puts a starter-fiver in their tip jar.
4	This place is pretty cool. It's a real chill atmosphere and there aren't an overwhelming amount of people there (which I like!).I showed up to meet some friends on a Friday night. The inside is great, there is a big horse, a small stage, and a bar maned by a fun staff. The decor isn't fancy, but it has character. A band was setting up getting ready to play. I would have loved to hear them, but my friends were outside so I headed there.Outside there is a big patio. It was a little chilly, so there was a fire goin' in the firepit. There was also a musician outside, so I wasn't missing out on entertainment. She was playing calm, folk acoustic, making the mood of the night even better.The group of 7 that I was with were able to sit comfortably, there was plenty of room. We enjoyed good conversation over the music and weren't bothered by wanna-be types trying to be cool. All of the customers and staff there seemed very down to earth.Great atmosphere, decent prices, and cool people.
2	I'm not sure what everybody raves about. The place, in itself, is very cool. You park around back and they have little artist's huts and the inside it cozy and would be a great place to maybe hangout and have a few drinks. I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap and maybe I ordered something on their best that wasn't their "best" dish, but unfortunately I won't be going back to find out. I took it to go, which may have been my first problem. I paid just under $9 for the wrap (asked for without onions) and opted this time for chips. When I got back to the office and opened it up the wrap was in paper and you could see mainly pits and not much stuff inside, but I figure maybe all the good stuff is piled right out of site. After ripping off almost a 1/3 of the pita, I finally get to the good stuff....and my first bite. Ick! onions!!! I had asked for no onions and now my first bite I was chomping on them. Put the pita down, scraped out the onions that weren't hidden, and tried again. The tahini sauce poured of of the back on the wrapped paper and as it hit my plate I then noticed how oily it was....the sauce actually separated in front of my eyes. Ick #2!! When all is said and done, yes, I'm full. The chicken was ok, a little dry, but edible. Was it good? Yea ok, it was good....was it $9 good? Definitely not. And sadly to say I won't be returning for lunch to try anything else on their menu that may have peaked my interest before.
2	The giant horse scared me! I thought it was a real stuffed horse at first glance.On a nice summer night, we weren't able to get a seat outside because there was a graduation party going on. Instead we sat inside and listened to the Michael Buble-ish croonster and his homeless sidekick. I'm not sure if he was homeless but he was rocking on the bass guitar and would add in his "oh yeahs" and "uh huhs" during an intense jam session. It was creepy and cute.My friend bought the table a round of marachino cherries that are laced with vodka and cinnamon rum. It was interesting but way too strong for my tastes.I started with an Oak Creek Hefe which was warm so the server brought me frosty mug but that didn't help either. I ordered the Spicy Cajun Sausage appetizer and it was nothing more than a bowl of sliced sausage links floating in a cold hot sauce. It was disgusting. I had to ask the server if the appetizer was meant to be cold. I'm just not a fan of cold sausage. The best part of my meal was the sourdough bread- and it was damn good because I was starving!Oh yeah- the bathroom was pretty scary. I liked the mops and brooms in there too, really made me feel like I was peeing inside a janitor's closet. Oh wait-- maybe it was!
5	Love the Paisley - it's awesome for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or for graduation parties.  Although I think that may have impacted Tuyen's experience at Paisley.  :) The grad party was awesome -thanks Paisley!
4	I think the ambiance is nice enough.  The background live music is nice.I LOVED the Champs De Elysee sandwich.  I can't stop thinking about it.  I found the potato salad with the ginger just okay but I am not a huge ginger fan.A friend ordered the turkey sandwich that has cranberries in it and liked it.  Another friend ordered the cheese platter and it looked just okay.  I think the one at House of Tricks is much better.
4	Let me tell you about a sandwich. Mostly.I was there yesterday afternoon to drop off a cruiser bike I sold to a new friend. She lives in the neighborhood and as it was an easy ride back to her place I met her there.I NEVER liked the old location on Roosevelt, and the new location is slowly growing on me. My preference will never be chairs with wire backs(I'm a booth man, personally)but it is clean and funky at the same time.Back to food: the Garlic Pepper Sirloin Steak sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I think I've ever eaten. Yes, lots of onions and garlic, not the date night meal, but wow...good bread, huge size...really good meat and sauce.Why not 5 stars? Well, the good news is it's a full bar, and yes you can buy a PBR or Schlitz...but on Saturday afternoon no juices for mixing, and yesterday was very very hot. I think the wine and beer menu are varied, but it just seems the liquor menu is all top-shelf. I think Smirnoff vodka is just fine, same with Dewars scotch,etc. Take a tip from Carlys, Palette etc. and find a way to keep a varied price-point. Two drinks plus a sandwich was $22. plus and I tip 20%. I think I would have made this a five-star day if it had been a $16.00 to $17.00 meal and drinks. By the way, the drink we finally created was a "John Daly", an alcoholic version of the lemonade/ice  tea classic Arnold Palmer. Due to a lack of materials, it was improvised by with some sweetened tea and sweet tea/lemonade vodka. Tasty, but pricey for Grand Ave on a sweltering day in the PHX.Yes, I'll be back, but I'll ask the drink prices first.
2	My experience was on a random Saturday afternoon, and I think that might skew my opinion a bit.During my visit we were the only guests dining.  There was one guy at the bar that was friends with the employees.  The atmosphere is mellow.  And I can imagine it being a pretty happening place on weekend evenings.The prices were a bit high for what we ate.  I had a pita sandwich and it was just under $10.  The lunch prices are a bit steep.The food was okay, but nothing I'd go back time and time again for.
4	now that i live within walking distance of the paisley, it's become an addiction.  i would describe them as a catch all place for beer, wine, coffee, and food.  quite random inside actually, with all of the bikes and flags and the muddy fish tank (bleh, really guys?)...lots of good wines and the beer selection is random and changes often...what i really come here for though is the food..lots of vegetarian options..my favorite would have to be the veggie burger...served panini style and made of brown rice and delicious veggies you seriously can't go wrong...their el greco sandwich is killer as well, if you're a meat eater, and it's served on this delicious toasted sourdough bagette.  their pasta salad is spot on too, i always get that as my side.staff is friendly, your typical grand ave crowd can be seen here..randomness at it's finest...nice outdoor patio area, can't wait for the weather to cool down and enjoy some delicious brew and a tasty sandwich.
4	This is an outer arts district staple in the Valley. The neighborhood is spooky if you don't know the area, but it is worth the possibility of having your car vandalized to stop in. Great live performances, mellow guitar, etc. and fantastic food. Hummus plate, Mm. Greek salad, yum. Cheesecake, yes please. The service is European style so expect to wait and wait some more. Seat yourself inside or out on the lovely patio.Across from a fun locally-owned boutique you can stop by if you're there earlier in the day. I stocked up on the 70% off gift certificates for this little gem of a place at: http://www.citydeals.com/deals-merchant-Paisley-Violin-Cafe-Phoenix-AZ-LOC41462852.html?id=2852You can thank me later. I'll probably be at the table next to you.
4	This place has a great atmosphere. The patio is awesome and they place live music. The food was delicious and they had tons of healthy options. So why not 5 stars? The service was pretty bad. I ordered wine and asked for water with it. Then I asked again, and again. But it never came. I also ordered my meal with no tomatoes and they put them on. My friend ordered her sandwich with no mayo and they put it on too. So just plan to be there a while and don't be too picky and you'll love it!
1	I went to the Paisley Violin sometime last week. Walking in we were greeted by terrible music. I mean there are tons of great Jazz musicians in AZ and some how they have found the worst. The server was an older gentleman who was nice. We ordered the sampler app that they have to start 2 min later the server tells us that they are out of pita bread. For entrees I ordered the Lamb which comes on a pita but i opted to get it on a croissant which he suggested they had. 2 min later he says they are out of that to. My friend ordered the Lox 2 min later he says they are out of that as well. So she takes his suggestion in ordering a cuban sandwich which you wont belive 2 min later he comes out and says they dont have all the ingredients for that either. This happened about two more times until we ordered what had seemed to be the only 2 things on the menu. Its called an 86 board, servers write down what you don't have or in your case what u do have, which is less. The server must have been embarrassed I would have been. Once we got our food, it was mediocre at best, cold and not fresh looking. I will never go here again, which is disappointing such a great space and no potential when it comes to the food.
3	I came here for lunch yesterday with my mama. This place is tiny but it definitely has character. There were 2 people sitting outside & 3 people inside, so they weren't exactly busy. We sat close to the bar & listened to a couple guys playing guitars & a woman sang a couple songs. My mom put $5 in their tip jar & one of the guys came over to give us a flyer & chat, he was so sweet. For our meals: mama ordered the panini italiano & I ordered the pesto chicken sandwich, for sides she chose the house salad & I chose the potato salad. Mom enjoyed her meal, as did I, but I had to salt the potato salad & even that didn't help-it was pretty blah. I took half of mine & half of my mama's sandwich home for hubby, he liked both but said mom's was better. Total for both meals including drinks was $22. One thing that was a lil annoying was how slow the service was. Our server was very nice but it took 30 minutes just to get our food, which seemed way too long for a place that only had 7 customers total. It was pretty good food though, so I'd probably return.
5	We freaking love Paisley Violin. Now, my five stars does not mean it is perfect, it has flaws that I will mention, but I do not believe your Phoenix experience is complete without a Friday or Saturday night visit to this lovely establishment. The first time we walked in it felt like Cheers, everyone said hello, the musicians, the bartenders, the bar patrons, as if we were old friends returning from a long trip. Now look, it isn't pretty inside, it's divey, a weird fish tank and ventriloquist doll are kind of strangely displayed, but look past that and see this place for what it is, a local joint with real honest to goodness people serving you. Good drink, great food, great music, great atmosphere, great service.The toasted pesto brie was delicious, the brie was not overpowering, and it complimented the pesto just right. Their vegetable stew was very good with huge chunks of vegetables and a hearty sauce, the peppered raspberry turkey is magic in your mouth, the royal is a wonderful sandwich with roast beef, mozzarella and garlic pepper and the venice violin, with soppressata, pepperoncini, balsamic vinegar and dijon mustard on a baguette is practically inspired. The desserts are good too, but not all house made, we destroyed the baklava, it's highly recommended.Now the bad, aside from the place being divey, which isn't bad to me but I know it is to some, is that the parking is kind of a nightmare. Last I went I had to park in front of a very ghetto looking house with a guy cleaning his shotgun on the porch. Paisley Violin is not in a "nice" part of town, and with only a couple actual parking spots, you will be parking in a strange neighborhood in front of a stranger's house... sorry. But it's worth it, check with the Paisley Violin website and go on a night they have entertainment. Check this place out with a good friend and an open mind, we love it.
4	Visited again today (6/4/11) after several months of not eating at Paisley's . I had the pleasure of trying out their Hummus Platter (I usually order the Hummus Sand-which, but it's such a large portion I can never finish it!) and I was instantly in love with Paisley's again! Their hummus was so delicious, full of flavor but not overwhelming, that I had to thank our server for her wonderful service and the amazing food. My only complaint would be that they do not offer wheat pitas (though they can substitute for multi grain bread, focaccia, or sour-dough).My sister always enjoys ordering their Tuna Slam Sand-which (excellent mix of albacore tuna, mayo and greens without the overly intense mayo flavor), and my husband tried their Panini Cubano. Both enjoyed their orders, and my husband raved about his panini. I love Paisley's atmosphere, choice of music and unique decor. The service can be a bit slow, but you can't rush delicious food. The food is well priced and their meal portions are adequate. The best part of their menu is definitely the abundant number of vegetarian meal options!We can't wait to go back!
4	On our 100 things to do in downtown Phoenix, Paisley Violin made our restaurant short list. We love this place for so many reasons. It epitomizes urban culture, downtown life and a willingness to be part of the community.They do all that and offer a great meal. We've brought some of our most critical friends and they walked away loving the place too. I would have given them 5 stars if the service was a bit more consistent. That said, the staff is lovely and down to earth.
4	Came by here for the first time on a Friday night to drink some wine and listen to some live music. I fell in love with the place right away, it is just perfect, nice and cozy, but not cramped. We drank a couple of bottles of wine and enjoyed being right in front for some great music. We had already eaten not much earlier so I decided to get an appetizer to give their food a try. I was craving some hummus, but a few moments later I was advised they were out and the server suggested trying the baba ganoush. This was actually my first time trying this dish, ever, and it was superb !! I have also heard great things about their peppered turkey sandwich from a fellow patron, so I will try next time.Also...while enjoying my Friday night, it got even better when the owner/manager came over and thanked us for coming in and gave us 2 complimentary meals!!! So, I will be back for sure to try some more food, you should really check this place out.
2	Came back here on a Wednesday afternoon to redeem my complimentary meals with my daughter. When we arrived there was only one table occupied, yet it took about 10 minutes before someone came to our table, as we were waiting I noticed a fly flying around inside the sugar dispenser..yuck!!! The server/bartender was very friendly throughout our stay, but as the only one working as tables started to fill up, service lagged a bit. I ordered the turkey/raspberry sandwich served with fresh mozzarella, lettuce, cucumber, raspberry jam, and mayo. This is a cold sandwich but the turkey was like room temperature and not very enjoyable. Also, the croissant was very flimsy and did not hold up very well to the ingredients. I  opted for the soup which was Mediterranean Chicken...waaaay too much pepper and not enough salt or chicken. My daughter had a similar sandwich (minus the jam) and chips. She said the sandwich was average, but the small broken chips that were on the plate looked like they came from the bottom of the bag...no bueno.Another issue that I had was that the server/bartender went outside at one point, not sure what he did, but he DID NOT wash his hands when he returned and started making drinks & serving food. A few minutes later when he came to our table he reeked of cigarette smoke....this is not acceptable in any way. Despite the issues that I had on this visit I do still like the place for drinks and music...also the employees have been very friendly. I would return for these reasons and I hope that they make some improvements on the areas that I mentioned.
1	The BF and I met up with a friend for dinner on a Friday night around 7 PM.  It was when First Fridays were going on, so it was busy when we arrived (but not too crowded).  The ambiance makes the place feel like a local dive bar, which we didn't mind.  It seems like the kind of place that you can drop into for a cocktail on a nice Saturday afternoon.  But...The menu looks like it was written by a kid in the first grade.  Some people would find that charming, but we found it a bit trying.  Also, it was written on one piece of white paper.  There were NO descriptions of any of the food.  So we had to ask the wait staff about the items we were interested in, which would have been fine, but...The wait staff.  Hmph. A bit slow.  And totally unknowledgable.  They didn't know what was in the items.  We asked, and then items showed up with things on it that we were not expecting (and didn't like).The food was NOT GOOD.  I ordered the shawarma.  It was TERRIBLE.  No flavor at all.  The chicken was boiled and had no seasoning.  The tahini sauce had no flavor at all.  I asked for some taztiki sauce to see if it would help.  It did not.  It was the WORST shawarma I have ever had.  However, the potato salad was tasty.The BF had the lamb gyro which he said was nothing special (very average).  And my friend ordered the italian sandwich, which he liked.  For the price of the food, everything should have tasted better.Drinks were expensive.  A rum and coke in a place that looks and feels like a dive bar was $7.  SERIOUSLY?  Wow.  Unless you go during happy hour, the prices don't seem worth it.  They did have a good beer selection, and all of those (besides the super cheap ones) were $5 each.  That seemed reasonable.Finally, the music.  Ugh.  They had this guy with a guitar get up and sing/play.  He was terrible.  And it was SO LOUD we could barely hear each other.  Plus the table behind of us of older hippies were doing shots and whistling at the end of each song.  Getting rowdier and rowdier.  Great for them that they were having a good time.  Sadly, it just wore us out.I doubt I will return to this place.  And if I do, it will be for one drink, during happy hour, on a day when I can sit outside.
1	Paisley moved locations (by about 100 yards), and on the new location was a mural beloved by the neighborhood and painted by an internationally-renowned Phoenician artist called El Mac who creates amazing and sometimes massive murals all over the world.They painted over it.
