5	Buying a new bike can be a big decision.  Buying a gimmicky electric bike could be a bad decision.  Buying electronics from a produce market could be questionable decision. And lastly buying anything over $500 from a place that is located south of downtown, cash only, and offers no warranties/returns... seems to put the nail in the coffin for logical decisions.  But some how myself and dozens of other logical people have had a excellent to OK experience when doing all of the above.Phoenix Produce is selling Fujiton E-Bikes straight off the boat from China.  And we're not talking "Made in China" hidden in some innocuous spot; this is legitimately Chinese...from the oddly sized tires (which makes it a little difficult to find tubes for) to the Mandarin/Cantonese (not actually sure which) that fills the instrument panel and indicator lights.Phoenix Produce carries two models 36v and 48v both have max speed of 20 MPH.  While they differ in range 22 miles and 30 miles, respectively, on a single charge.  The motor definitely has good torque for a little electric motor...I've heard the 48v is even better than my 36v.  Both plug directly into a 110V (normal) outlet.  The 36v costs a little more than 3 CENTS per charge. These are bikes, so you can ride them on sidewalks or other bike designated paths.  No license/registration/insurance/helmet required (legally per ARS 28-2516)...though the helmet is recommended.As for the no warranties and returns part...I can only say what I've experienced.  Sam, the owner of Phoenix Produce, has been very good to me in all my dealings.  I had some initial problems with the battery and charger of the bike, making the first week of ownership less than stellar.  Fortunately, I talked to Sam about those issues and he corrected the problems no charge...sure seemed like a warranty; but Jenny, one of his employees, said "He is just really fair."  And I have to agree.  For the price you cannot beat them approximately $500 a little higher or lower depending on the model of your choice.
4	We visited Phoenix Produce Company as part of the "First Ever" Explore SoDo Tour.  The owners were very friendly and gracious.  They gave us a brief history of the building and provided an interesting assortment of refreshments.  We enjoyed a pomegranate-grapefruit juice, spongecake, fig newtons, grapes and some sort of fruit with a tough outer coating and a clear inner fruit that was vaguely sweet.  I have no idea what the hell it was.Phoenix Produce also sells E-Bikes.  They are apparently the only importer of these in the Phoenix area.  We got a walk-through of one of the E-bikes, showing us where the drive was (in the rear hub), the batteries (3, 36v), how it operates, maximum speed (20-22mph), maximum range (27 miles), price (about $475 before tax), etc.  Then we all got to take one out for a test drive.  Awesome!  I was impressed and would seriously consider one of these for urban living.My 12 & 15 year old daughters thoroughly enjoyed the test rides as well and would have done nearly anything to leave Phoenix Produce on one of these bikes.
5	They have the best Ebike prices in town. They are local and can fix and repair any problem. I bought 2 from them and they were very good.
5	Came here to drop few items from my location to this company.  This location is easy to find and plenty of parking right by Chase Field.
