5	I am a New Yorker and everytime I go to Montreal I hit up Mezcla atleast twice during my stay... I am a vegetarian and they always surprise me with something insanely delicious that is made specially for me. They have a wonderful staff that is extremely professional. The best thing I find about this restaurant is that you can not get their food anywhere else, the flavors are completely exclusive to the team of chefs that work the kitchen. The desserts are to die for as well! Definitely one of the best restaurants Ive ever been to... Its also in a great location and has a very cool ambiance!
5	If you are a foodie, you are going to love this place. The meal I had here was amazing. The presentation and service is excellent in addition to the unique and tasty menu.
4	As a first note, the food here deserves five stars. I'd give such a review save for one thing. Our table was seated near the half-open kitchen and I overheard one of the cooks/chefs saying something incredibly inappropriate to a server while bitching her out. So if you're sitting near the kitchen, beware of whoever this foul-mouthed dude is. That said, everything at the table (from the sticky bun entrees to the magret with the bison ribs in between) was absolutely glorious. The wine list is affordable and the service is generally wonderful, save for some water filling-related hovering. That said, the open kitchen is slightly annoying, writ-large, as the chef has to leave the kitchen to finish some of the dishes, and they don't really have their expediting system down. Endame, you must try the pouding chomeur!
3	Located on a quiet residential street at the Eastern edge of the Village, facing a playground, everything about Mezcla's situation and exterior screams "neighborhood restaurant" (hold your breath).As advertised, the menu features a selection of Latin dishes boasting local ingredients.  However, what really shocks you here is the pricing.  With a few starters and mains breaking the $20 and $40 mark, respectively, the restaurant's "neighborhood" label is out the window!Our first time at Mezcla had its shares of ups and downs.  We may justify paying upwards of $100 per person before tip (no wine) for a ritzy setting or a world-class chef, and although the food tonight did show ambition and creativity, we did not feel the overall experience was worth the price tag.
5	This was hands down one of the best meals we have ever had! We were in Montreal for vacation and went to Mezcla on recommendation of our awesome brew pub tour guide. The staff and servers were top notch-very attentive, friendly and they made awesome recommendations. We ate the veal for two and braised bison short ribs, which were outstanding. The meat was so tender and bursting with flavor. The chef came out to say hi and make sure everything was ok. Overall a fabulous experience- you have to come here when you visit Montreal!
4	Loved the vibe and had wonderful (as long as you don't mind familiar) service. The amuse and apps were definitely the highlight of this meal, far outshining the main courses.The amuse was a perfectly cooked bite of duck, really a great start. For apps, we shared the venison with foie (really good), the smoked duck (fantastic, non-kitschy smoke-releasing presentation and a flavor heavy on anise, which I as a licorice hater somehow found room to adore), and a raw fish and yucca plate (not totally memorable, but definitely fresh and not disappointing). I think we were all hoping for killer next courses, but I think we all were a little nonplussed. Two of us went for the seafood mix, which had its highs and lows (not too rich broth strangely labeled as a bisque with some great bits of fish and some lackluster mussels), and another for the pork (definitely not the best iteration any of us had tried). Still, I think the tone of the meal and the good start made this an overall positive and I'd go back to find some better dishes to try. It is a relatively pricey meal, and the wine list reflects that.
3	Nominated for people's choice award in Air Canada Enroute magazine, we could not pass on the opportunity to dine here during our recent weekend visit to Montreal. This intent almost came to nought on Sat night when we could not find reservations for dinner. I called up the restaurant and spoke to the reservationist to check if there were any tables or cancelations for the evening. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that they could make arrangements for our party. I was then kept on hold for a while only to later be informed that they cannot accommodate us. I was bummed with the service since it was getting pretty late in the night and we almost started driving towards the restaurant. Anyways, upon checking opentable for sunday reservations there was no problem getting a table at our desired time. The restaurant is on a quiet street and was not too busy when we arrived. The service was as expected given that only a few tables were occupied. I was disappointed to learn that they don't have any pisco sours or a cocktail menu but they offered a full service bar and limited wine menu. We mostly stuck to the small plates and ordered a bunch. The amuse bouche was mind blowing (it was a duck heart dipped in huancaina sauce). This only set the bar higher for what was to follow. Unfortunately there were a few misses with the rest of the dinner. Octopus was too sweet since it was glazed with maple. The first few bites were interesting but the sweetness was overpowering with every subsequent biteThe crispy shrimp was creative but overrated. The sauce again erred on the side of sweetness but you cannot eat w/o it since it's dry. I quite enjoyed the thinly shaved phyllo crust on the shrimp though - very light although it was deep friedTiradito of Red deer with foie gras did not pack the flavor punch we were expecting. It was a good dish but not a great one.The lucuma dessert was probably one of the biggest disappointments. For those who've never had lucuma will most likely like it but for those who've tried it before you will definitely notice the difference. The ice cream itself was not sweet but the dulce de leche added the sweet component to the dish. I liked the fact that they added some cocoa nibs to balance the overall sweetness in the dessert.Our favorite was the asian style crispy duck arepitas with foie gras torchon. It was juicy and the fresh chinese buns were the perfect fluffy pillow to absorb the jus. We craved for more and ended up ordering it again.There was definitely creativity on display but none of the dishes except the crispy duck would make me order it again.
5	This restaurant definitely delivers! Food : The food is not only amazing in taste, it's also very creative. I highly recommend to try things that you normally don't like because the preparation is very different here (ex.: i absolutely despise blood pudding, but would have it again in a heartbeat at this place).Service : The staff is very knowledgeable and checks on you regularly. A+Decor : urban rustic. Very quaint setting. If you are not with a large group, request a small table.Call to reserve as they are quite busy -with reason
5	Great service and wonderful food and ambience. It was our first meal in Montreal and it did not disappoint. The server was kind, patient and attentive. We had a medley of dishes (all super delicious) including pescado del dia (salmon) with salad and puree, ceviche mezcla, empanadas, and causa de mezcla featuring their catch of the day (halibut). Topped with Spanish white wine, it was easily the best dinner I've had in a long while.
4	This restaurant right above the Village was a perfect start to our evening. The open modern interior was airy and comfortable from the moment you enter. The host and servers were very nice. My table mate was fussing over wine like he was a sommelier couldn't decide so the server brought over all of the wine selection for him to try.The 5 course chef selection was the option decided. I would give us a good mix to try from the kitchen. While I thought it would vary between tables it seems it was all the same as the couple next to us decided upon the same thing so they always looked over at us to see what came next. Each course was beautifully plated and each meal was just enough to satisfy and timed perfectly between. It was a lovely meal and just right as we didn't want a heavy meal to begin our night in the Village. Mezcla was probably one of the favorite meals we had in Montreal so excellent start to the trip!
5	Loved this place! Great service, ambiance and modern decor. We decided on the 5 course tasting menu and all of the dishes were delicious and creative (except the chicken hearts for me because I don't like eating organs). My favourite was Causa Mezcla: thin yam fries, nori, coriander, avocado on a bed of creamy, mashed yellow potatoes. Every bite was like heaven! Will definitely visit again the next time I'm in Montreal!
5	Absolutely wonderful in all respects! The food was delicious, the servers extremely polite and attentive. Would highly recommend to anyone visiting Montreal
