4	Dr. Checroun is a great medical eye doctor. I started seeing him last year, to help with severe dry eyes. He has made a huge difference and the staff is equally helpful / friendly.  He is very thorough and definitely cares for his patients. I'd recommend him to all. Also, if you are looking for a great selection of eyewear - they have it. A bit pricy compared to other options, but if you have HSA, why not?
2	The Doctor and most of his staff were very nice and thorough I believe. I had a bit of a tiff with one of the staff ladies when my bank card was charged twice and she got snippy with me that "she didn't do that" (although my bank verified that it charged twice). Coming in with a background of being in "customer service" it was in very bad taste on her part. I don't know if I would recommend the office as my friends, family, and I only like to work with medical offices that have the best of service.
1	The staff was incredibly friendly and the doctor was nice enough and did a thorough exam dealing with the issue I was having.  However, he walked up to the front desk afterwards and demanded payment immediately.  So incredibly unprofessional, rude, and inappropriate.  I somewhat understand collecting payment upfront, but only if you have warned of that service in advance, and then let the front desk lady who is dealing with me already do her job by asking me. Dr. Checroun did not walk away or say "bye" or "nice to meet you" or "hope you are feeling better" ..he just stood there until I handed over payment...as though he really doubted I would ever pay!  Is he that bad of a doctor that he can't possibly trust someone to pay the 100.00 for the appointment or is such a bad doctor that he needs this one bill paid now because he has no patients who would ever return after their experience with him?  They have my SS, my address, my ID, my insurance card (which they take my insurance)...SEND me a bill after it goes through my insurance and wait for me to mail in my payment like every other medical office.  At the very least, thank me and say bye as you leave and don't come across desperate for money - let your front office billing staff demand the upfront payment.  But honestly, no where on your forms does it say upfront payment is demanded...every other medical office I go to in Scottsdale and Phoenix for the last 10 years has sent me a a bill after running insurance.  There is no wonder now why you were the ONLY ophthalmologist in scottsdale to have an opening that morning!
