5	Oh Shiki how do I love thee....This is the best (non-hibachi show) Japanese Restaurant I've found in Charlotte. The dining room is large and clean. The staff is super friendly and the service is super fast. Anytime I call in an order for pick-up the wait is always five minutes. I've heard people say they didn't like the ginger dressing for the salads, but my mom liked hers. I had ranch because I am a wuss and can't handle any degree of spice. The teriyaki chicken meal is awesome! I can't remember the exact price, but I am pretty sure it's around 7 bucks. You get a decent amount of chicken with a huge mound of rice with veggies (onions, zucchini, mushrooms, carrots, and peas) and a side of sweet carrots.. oh and of course the most delish shrimp sauce in town. Shiki also seems less salty than other fast cuisine Japanese restaurants I've tried. I've also had the crab wontons, which are great.. but I only treat myself to them about every 6 months.My mom always requests that we eat here when she visits from out of town. It really is worth all 5 stars to me!
4	Stopped into Shiki one night after visiting the Wal-Mart, and we weren't disappointed.  It reminds me of a combination between a couple of places.There used to be this fast-food Japanese steakhouse down on Arrowood Road.  I think it was called "Tokyo Express" or something like that.  If you get one of the express meals, then you're getting just about the same thing that Tokyo Express would serve (except the portions here are a bit smaller, and perhaps a bit more expensive).  You get meat, rice, choice of vegetable and a vat of shrimp sauce.  Cost is about $7.  These meals are generally prepared from pre-cooked meats, but they taste pretty decent.On the other side you can get a full-blown hibachi-style meal like you'll get at Kabuto or Ichiban, you just don't get it cooked table-side.  Think Hibachi Grill on Independence if you've been there, because it's pretty similar in style.  You even get soup and salad, and you can watch them cook through a massive glass window set in the back of the restaurant.You'll also be able to choose from a variety of appetizers - we tried the vegetable tempura, which was made with large chunks of veggies, and it was tasty if a bit on the greasy side.The restaurant itself is nicely appointed.  The only downside is that if you sit in the center at night you might find the tables are a bit dark.  The tables along the walls have small, bright lights that hang right overhead, so it's very easy to see.  If you don't want the lights, sit in the center.  If you want the lights, sit alongside - so it's easy to fix.  Just keep it in mind.Service is quick and friendly, and they keep the glasses filled throughout.  All-in-all a nice experience.
2	My daughter and I decided to try Shiki one night since we recently moved to the other side of town and couldn't seem to find a Japanese Steakhouse close to where we live. The place was small, dark and not what I expected it to be. The food was just okay, not all that great and service was kind of slow. I see there's a lot of good reviews on this place but I've been to many Japanese steakhouses and this one just didn't cut it for me.
4	Great for quick, inexpensive takeout. I really like their hibachi scallop dish.
4	Shiki is a solid, affordable place to get a Japanese steakhouse style meal.  The decor is ... interesting: once you notice that there's no pattern to the colored lamps on the ceiling, their random placement will never cease to annoy you on some primal, subconscious level. However, the servings are ample and tasty.  The last time we went, I order Hibachi tuna.  It was slightly overdone, but not bad for eight bucks.
5	Let's talk about the hidden gem that is Shiki. Ok, maybe not hidden for some but for a girl who lives on the outskirts of Uptown-this is definitely hidden! I would have never known about this place if it weren't for Living Social and their kick a** deal of $25 worth of sushi and other food. I went with another Yelper tonight and taken aback by this place. You would never expect a nice place like this in the Wal-Mart shopping center. High ceilings with lots of booths on the side and tables in the middle. This place had quite a crowd for a Friday night. Right when we sat, our server greeted us and got our drink orders. Lets talk drinks. Beers for $2.25 and $3 and glasses of wine for $3.95. And they are verrrrrry generous with the wine pours. Get I get a hallelujah??!! I figured with the hooch being cheap they would mark up the price of their sushi but oh no, this is cheap sushi haven! None of the rolls are over $10 and a majority of them are $5 or $6 with a generous portion.They also have traditional Japanese hibachi dishes but I really didn't even look too much into that since when there is sushi, I'm a girl on a mission. Let's talk sushi. We got the Volcano Roll, California Crunchy, Spicy Tuna and another roll -the name escapes me and hello beautiful, bountiful sushi! Everything was fresh and bursting with flavor and again, generous with the portions. I was definitely not expecting that!! Four rolls came out to about $26-not too shabby at all! I originally thought it would take a half hour to get to Shiki since I'm so used to my neighborhood and love the convenience of it. But it took less than 10 minutes to get to so if you're in Uptown, it's definitely a short trip! Also, they have awesome mints-just strong enough to wipe out the taste of wasabi. I would much rather go to Shiki and pay for sushi than go somewhere that's overpriced where you're paying more for the atmosphere than the sush.
3	Cheap wine cheap rolls!!!  YUM!  The ingredients in the rolls are fresh if simple.  One of my biggest pet-peeves about sushi is a wiggly roll - not here!  Everything was clean, cheap and tight my friends!!Where else can you get a spicy tuna roll for $4.50?  I would NEVER have come here unless my girlfriend had a groupon but now I will definitely be back.  The interior is definitely not sexy.  This place is like the Corolla everyone owns at least once in their lifetime - you dont really want people to see you in it but it is so practical.The service was super fast and the waiter kept coming back to check on us.  I will be back my little Shiki!!!  :-D
2	For me, Shiki alone will not be worth another trip down Independence. Late lunch timing made me one of two tables in the restaurant, which is a nice sized room - somewhat oddly decorated and filled with the sounds of my old dentist's office jazz covers of pop songs. I am seated, given a menu and my water, and I browse briefly. "Any lunch specials?" "Yeah, they're listed on the board" (pointing in the direction of the white board I remember seeing next to the door, but it is obscured by anyone actually sitting in the restaurant by a small wall)"Okay.. any sushi specials?""Yes.""Could you tell me about them?""1 cucumber, 1 oskar, miso soup - $5.95"(browse menu's small corner sushi section looking for "oskar" ingredients - no dice.)"What's in the oskar?""It says it right here" (pointing vaguely at corner of menu I just looked at)"I'm sorry, I don't see it""Here." (points to Alaska roll.) My house salad comes out with a diced ginger & carrot dressing (and shredded cheese on top?) Edible, but probably the worst I've had in town. My spicy tuna roll (which you can order spicy or not) was actually six pieces of a regular tuna roll with a nickel size squirt of spicy mayo and a pin drop of sriracha on the side. A teaspoon of wasabi and a few pieces of ginger rounded out the plate. (small boat dish, actually) No soy sauce on the table, and no server in sight. All advances to get someones attention from my seat were met by stares from the kitchen staff with nothing to do and no inclination to help. So I made do with some mixed wasabi mayoness, Thankfully, the fish itself was really fresh and didn't need much masking. My server never came back to the table (dropped the check with the rolls) and my water was never refilled. I guess if errands bring me in area again and I'm starving I'll give it another go since the fish was fresh - but there's probably a better joint in the area. (and my salad and roll came to $7.95 - there are definitely better sushi lunch prices in town!)
2	Our first dinner in Charlotte this time.The architecture with the ridiculously high ceilings lends this restaurant the atmosphere of Grand Central Station, only less cozy (j/K)The glass of cheap wanna be Chardonnay was some sweet concoction that didn't taste or smell like like wine, period. It was the only time in her life that my companion actually sent wine back. The waiter apologized and said quite a few people had complained about it. It wasn't disgusting, but it wasn't wine!The miso soup tasted like the typical miso w/sea weed and tofu but it also had something else in it that made it taste like no other Miso I've ever had. I had the Hibashi shrimp, scallops and veggies. The scallops and the broccoli tasted very good, but the shrimp was the tiny cheap kind and the carrots were BOILED. wtf??The white tuna nigiri were delish (i skipped on the rice) but the rolls were so generic that even looking at the menu we can't remember what they were. The server was great, but that seems to be the rule in this town,Cheap restaurant but the cheap ambiance and a major lack of flavor means it's no bargain.
2	Mediocre. Can't understand some of the reviews that say how great it is. Tempura shrimp and vegetables were greasy/heavy with batter. Onion soup was barely lukewarm and was like water that had an onion waved through. The salad was ok. Shrimp and chicken combo was acceptable but not memorable. Admittedly did not try the sushi so maybe that's better. Service was pleasant.
3	Strip mall sushi!! I don't care...still good :)  I had heard great things about this place and finally got to try it out last Thursday. Don't let the fact this place is a little low budget fool you, it's not always about the atmosphere if the food and service can compensate.  Little did I know that Tuesday and Thursday are 1/2 price sushi days....WIN!  The sushi came out quickly and service was great.  Those two things equate to a repeat visit for this guy.  I find myself traveling pretty much right by this place every other week so I feel like this might be a new staple to my Thursday night dining adventures.
3	Overall it was an ok visit. I would go back. the place is nice enough for where we are. Another reviewer remarked on the height of the ceilings which, I admit, are ridiculously high and makes it feel  like you're eating in the middle of a train station terminal. The acoustics are odd and it feels like you can hear everyone's conversation.The food was decent. Nothing wowed me and nothing was bad. We had some nigiri and some rolls, nothing remarkable. I also had a hibachi beef which, again, was ok. The only comment is that it was all under-seasoned. I had to douse my hibachi plate in that sauce they give you to give it flavor.The service was nice and prompt and it's very close to my job. We went for lunch during our break and was definitely pleased. It was also very reasonably priced I thought.Unfortunately for them, New Zealand is right across the street and, although NZ has significantly slower service, they have much better food. I'd still be going back though I'm sure.
2	Went back a second time, I found the the steak and scallop hibashi awful, plus again with the boiled frozen carrots only this time it was a bowlful on top of the rice. Just terrible. The Japanese onion soup that came with the measl was the only good thing about it. The waiter really tried to please but there's nothing he can do -other than finding another restaurant to work at.
5	When we pulled into the parking lot, I told my boyfriend that this place looked pretty snazzy inside and I didn't know if we should go in. I pretty much looked like I'd just crawled out of a box on the street because I'd just got done working a full 7 day week, and it showed. He was persistent though, and I watched person after person stroll out in a tie, or dress or suit jacket etc. I almost wanted to close my eyes as he encouraged me through those doors. Well, I was pleasantly surprised to say the least. We walked in to a welcoming place with soaring ceilings and nice decor. We were seated as soon as we arrived, and the server was fantastic. I wasn't really hungry so I just opted for the edemame and the won tons. My boyfriend got some sort of a shrimp roll, and all of it was amazing. I love New Zealand around the corner from here and I have to say, this place gave them a run for their money. It will be a toss up when I'm craving some sushi. This place is so good, it was seriously like a slow mo moment from a movie. Both my boyfriend and I had that expression of pure bliss, after only one bite. I put that won ton in my face and both the smell and texture caused me to close my eyes in anticipation of that amazing taste parade that would soon be on my tongue. Mind you, I was never a won ton fan until I moved to Charlotte, so this has been a very pleasant surprise for me!My God, that thing was the perfect amount of crispy golden amazingness, and the cream cheese just finished it off. I told him that I'd go back there just to have won tons for dinner!! The prices were just as fantastic and I had to scold myself for my initial judgment of that too cool for you status I'd initially given them when we drove up. We will definitely be back, like maybe tonight...or right now. Wait.. I'm at work, I probably should stay here.. Dang.
2	If your looking for sushi, go somewhere else...Sorry Shiki, but my boyfriend and I were looking for some sushi! We had drove by the place we normally have sushi and there was a line out the door, so I suggested we go have something at Shiki. They staff was welcoming but when we looked at the menu we were disappointed. The sushi selection was very lacking. Specialty rolls are pretty much non existent. All in all we did not stay for dinner.
4	I really like this place! It almost looks closed most of the time because when you're walking right past it, it's dark and hard to see in unless you get really close.The last time we've been was Valentine's Day 2011. I'm sure we'll be going back really soon, but it just hasn't crossed our minds. It's a nice place for a date that's for sure. Their soup is also really good.
4	Our go to place for take out Japanese so far since we've moved here.  We typically take it to go and the food is always good.  Ate in once and it was pretty empty but lots of people came in and out for take out.  Weird location because you basically park in the Walmart parking lot and walk across but other then that no complaints.
2	Looking on the bright side, the positives were the service was friendly and fast and the restaurant was clean and comfortable. Okay, now the negatives. The food we were given was Chinese food with a Chinese presentation.  The liberal dosing of teriyaki sauce on indifferent ingredients does not make a meal Japanese. We were so disappointed.
3	Not amazing but pretty good for quick & cheap sushi. Nice open dining room with laid back atmosphere (nice decor, music not to loud) Staff was very friendly! Hint: tues&thurs they advertise bogo sushi rolls.
1	I am not sure if it was a bad day or if they saw me and didn't care about giving me a better quality of food. This place was terrible. I ordered sushi including egg rolls and the egg rolls was the only thing that looked freshly made. The shrimp tempura seemed like it had been sitting around all day. It was tough like rubber. The kani which was two pieces were two separate colors so this was a clear indication that it wasnt fresh at all. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE FOOD!
4	After my bad service at NZ, I decided to give this place a try. Interior was excellent along with very attentive staff. Right away I already was happier than with the staff at NZ Cafe. Got 2 rolls get one free deal. Sushi was good, but the rolls where rather on the small side. Ingredients seemed very fresh and tasty. I also noticed what others people had ordered and their portions also seemed small when comparing to NZ. Still it looked very good and would recommend this place as a more upscale location for a date or special occasion
1	Food was enjoyable until i found 3 HUGE cock roaches. One on the wall one on my table right next to my food and one crawling between my seats. it was so disgusting i literally lost my appetite and left the manager didnt even care to offer a discount . smh
1	Really mediocre sushi and the worst I've had in Charlotte! No sushi bar and no effort to prepare good sushi.
2	I will never go back.  The sushi portions were small and expensive.  The food was mediocre at best . We spent almost $40 on an early dinner and felt like we were ripped off.  This was one of the worst sushi restaurants I have been to quality-wise.
5	Will never go to another Japanese restaurant again, Shiki has a customer for life.  Awesome staff and great food and service.
5	Excellent for us! Very clean! Great service! Delicious food! Quiet and calm atmosphere! Plentiful servings. Moderately priced. We select the Hibachi combination dinners. I had flounder and really enjoyed it! Love their sauce and vegetables as well. We will always go back!
5	AMAZING I would live here and eat their teriyaki chicken with fried rice and mixed vegetables every day. Love this place!!!Great prices too!!!!
2	I planned my visit to coincide with the 2 for 1 sushi special on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Two tables were occupied when I entered; 5 were occupied when I left.  I ordered 4 rolls - Shrimp Tempura, Crunchy California, Tiger Roll, and I forget the last one.  It doesn't matter.  I was not impressed with any of it. I will say the shrimp tempura (my daughter's favorite) was the most pleasing of all the rolls because it was served hot. That made it edible.  Perhaps they don't go all out when you order the 2 for 1 special.  If that was the case, they don't want me back.   I am giving them two stars as I hope the dishes on the menu are better than the sushi.
