5	This laundromat is very clean and the attendant was very helpful. I had all my laundry done in 1 hour.
5	I really love this place, I have my own washer & dryer at home but come here to clean my blankets and sheets etc. It really does a great job and it's very high tech with their card system. I was a little worried about the location of this place at first but after being there two times I no longer worry about it. I always see the attendant lady cleaning all the machines picking up trash keeps the bathrooms clean etc. Also if you check in on Yelp while you are there you get free dry with your wash!I love the extra big machines
4	Friendly attentive service. $2 for a small wash load that take about 23 mins. Small load dries in about 30 mins for $4. Why have I never thought about taking my comforters to a laundromat instead of dry cleaning or sticking in my machine at home with tennis balls bouncing in the dryer? I can't believe I was in and out in less then 45 mins after washing and drying a small load.
4	Five stars if it was in a better area. The place is clean the staff was helpful. Plus they have free wifi which was good for my kids tablets. Made the trip a bit easier.
1	Worst laundromat ever, I walk in, put all clothes into the machines and turn all my bills into quarters, only to find out to use the machines you have to put money on a prepaid card that only takes bills! Oh thanks a lot for the ten dollars worth of quarters in my pocket. And to make matters worse the money on the card stays on and cause it doesn't allow coins it's impossible to pay exact for what you want always leaving money on the card, and to make things worse there's no machine that turns larger bills into ones, forcing me to put 5 dollars on the card that I'm not going to get back for a 40cent wash, maybe if there prices where good the extra work would be worth it, but the machines cost the same but wash less clothes and there dryers are almost 50 cent for ten min. I'm considering taking my wet clothes and leaving. I find this a huge inconvenience and with the prepaid cards it's like they try to trap you by making you come back, unless you have 20 dollars worth of ones your walking out of there with at least 5 dollars on your card. F#%^% it they can keep it never going back. Oh!!! Almost forgot to add, once your card is in it automatically starts, so there's no way of knowing that the machine works until you put your card in, and if your the lucky one to put your card in a machine that doesn't work now you have to take all your clothes out and find another... Wow
