1	I had my car sent here mainly because of the name and it was anything but rapid. It took 2 weeks longer than the time he quoted me because someone forgot to order a part that was originally needed. Then when I finally get my car back I see that they completely cleaned out my car and threw all my stuff away.
1	Bottom Line - Rapid Collision Center 1.) Performed work to vehicle without prior approval 2.) Lied about receiving approval from my insurance company for the additional work 3.) Failed to communicate needed information to me in a timely manner 4.) Failed to communicate with adjuster about additional repairs in a timely manner 5.) Poor work doneI brought my vehicle to Rapid Collision Center for repairs from a front-end collision.  They properly had an adjuster from my insurance company come out and approve certain repairs to my vehicle.  While they were preforming the work, they discovered additional repairs would be needed and decided to preform the additional repairs WITHOUT having prior approval from the adjuster.  I hadn't heard from them by the date they originally told me my vehicle would be ready, so I called to find out how things were going.  This is when they told me that they needed to complete more work and would need additional time.  A few more days pass with no communication from them.  I again call them to find out what is taking so long and I am informed that my vehicle has been completely repaired, but they are waiting for the additional work that they had already done to be approved by the insurance company.  I called my adjuster at this point to see how long it would take to get approval.  My adjuster informed me that he hadn't even heard from Rapid Collision Center about any additional needed repairs!!  I called Rapid Collision Center back immediately and they said that they were about to contact him.  A few more days pass and I call again to find out if the repairs have been approved yet, at which point Nate tells me that yes, the insurance company has approved the repairs.  He suggested that I come in and pay for the additional repairs and have my insurance company pay me back instead of them since the repairs had been approved.  This was a LIE!  My insurance company had only approved part of the additional cost, not the total.  I called as soon as I found this out, and they apologized and told me that they would be glad to refund me the difference if my insurance company didn't reimburse me after they submit it to them again.  Well, they submitted it again and again, and they were denied again and again.  I sent a letter requesting the promised refund - no response.  It doesn't rain very often in Arizona, but when the next large rain storm came through water leaked in and completely soaked the passenger side of the vehicle.  At this point there was no way I would go back to Rapid Collision Center to address their poor workmanship.  I found a different repair shop down the street and explained my dilemma to them.  The man took a look at my vehicle, told me what he thought the problem was, and fixed it for me.  He charged me for parts only!  Please, please, please, do not use Rapid Collision Center!  When I was speaking to my adjuster he even told me that this company was one of the worst he has ever had to deal with!
5	Great service!!! I was visiting for a week and was involved in a fender bender. My insurance company referred Rapid and my car was repaired in no time. The hertz rental car on site was great. Thanks Jeff and to the staff at rapid collision.
5	Was recently involved in a fender bender accident that unfortunately resulted in some damage to the front end of my car (it was my fault)  :( ...having never been in an accident before, I felt a little lost on what to do and where to go, and my insurance was very little help. I was referred to Rapid Collision Center by a friend, and although it is quite the trek from my house, I am absolutely thrilled I went. From the second my car was dropped off, Jeff was very accommodating and was also very honest, something you don't always see from an auto shop. I immediately felt at ease. He helped get me into a rental car at a very competitive price and kept me up to date with the repairs and insurance interaction. Through the claims process my insurance company was very difficult, Jeff made sure to keep in contact with them and move the process along quickly and efficiently. Even with a minor hiccup in a replacement part, Jeff delivered within the time frame quoted, and I swear that car has never looked better. I am extremely happy with both the service I received and the completed repairs on my car! I have already inquired about additional services, not related to the accident, because the quality of my experience was so good! Highly recommend!
