4	A nice assortment of cheeses including some locally made cheeses from Wisconsin in downtown Madison. Nice store, nice people.
5	I have to say, this place rocks!I love how far Madison has come since my days of high school.We wandered around the square to see what had developed since the days of yore, and found the hotel that is the site of a famous mothers day blow out (sorry ma, we gotta go back home, no time to stop by, oh, btw, happy mothers day...) and then saw....what is this?Heaven on earth.Sure 19 bucks for 3 oz of toffee is a bit much, but they had it out to sample, so I ate maybe 4 bucks worth.Then we got their grab and go section of pre made sandwiches.  Olive paste, some cheese and salami on a baguette!  With chips and gherkin and mustard and a bit of chocolate to compliment my meal.And a Capital Brew.  Gawd darn I could use one of these experts w/in walkin distance of my abode! (lunch for 2 was only 13 bucks).
4	If you're looking for cheese curds, they don't have any here so you'll have to scavenge some at the farmer's market across the street. But if you're looking for some specialty cheeses and happen to be in the area, come come! It's a cute cozy cheese shop with an assortment from all over the state as well as many European varieties. I hadn't intended on buying any cheese since we had a few hours before heading back to Chicago but once the friendly lady behind the counter enticed us with a few samples (they had us at gruyere), it was over from there. They had this really stinky brie but the gruyere was good. They even gave us an ice pack to preserve it. This ice pack is not joke. I thought it'd be some ice cubes in a plastic ziplock but it was this fancy commercial reusable pack that probably cost more than the orphans (see below). I thought that was nice touch.Anyhow go inside for a gander. Sample some cheeses. Try some crostini, check out some accompaniments like crackers and mustards, fig jams, etc. It's not cheap but this isn't Kraft's cheese either. At the register they have a ton of mini cheese pieces that are called "orphans" so you can buy a bunch to take home and try without digging deep into your pockets. I was particularly happy with the 2 yr aged parmesan and gruyere!
4	Everything in the store looks so pretty and precious. I popped in here to find birthday gifts for my foodie friend. Besides cheese, Fromagination also carries gourmet preserves, some wines, mustard, tea etc. It could be little overwhelming at first glance, especially the place looking so posh unlike most of Madison. But the staff are friendly, and willing to answer questions and help you select products.After picking presents for my friend, I decided to pick few more stuff for myself. I knew I had to grab the handcrafted marshmallow when I saw it. The staff also recommended me a chamambert cheese called Fromager des Clarines  - which was so phenomenal. The creamiest delicious cheese ever. Now I'm hooked.
5	Great selection of cheeses, but what really gives this place 5 stars is the customer service.  The staff are extremely attentive, friendly, resourceful, and generous on the samples!  They also do some great assortments or gift baskets for someone looking to buy a gift or bring a beautiful platter to a party.  In addition to cheese, they also have some great chocolates (i do love Gail Ambrosius chocolates which are sold here) and other packaged items.  If you're feeling lazy and don't feel like making your own, buy their crostinis---soooo good!
2	This review is a little late...Five stars for ambience... One star for customer service.This summer my wife and I stopped by Fromagination looking for a cheese to go with a heirloom tomato salad.  I told the woman behind the counter I was looking for something besides mozzarella - it felt so overdone at the time.  I wanted to try something new - I was in the mood to spend some money.  I also told her I was willing to trust her judgement - I assumed she would have many interesting suggestions.  Frankly, she could have sold me just about any cheese in the store that wasn't mozzarella.  Given all of that, her only suggestion was mozzarella.  I gave her multiple opportunities to suggest something different.  Nope - just mozzarella.  She even asked a co-worker... His suggestion... Mozzarella.  So instead of buying from a locally owned business, I was forced to go to Whole Foods.  It was a completely different shopping experience.  The woman at Whole Foods had many ideas.  She insisted we try each suggested cheese before we made our decision.  We ended up buying a wonderful cheese (blend of sheep and cow's milk) that was produced on the Spanish side of the Pyrenees mountains.
4	It's not cheap - tough to get out of here without losing $12 for a sammich, drink, and bag 'o chips - but I've been back time after time due to the quality, the view, the bonus samples, and the great service.  DELICIOUS cheese shop making its own French style cheeses in the back - and selling a wide variety of treats in the deli cases.
5	I'm a bit biased, but this is one of my favorite shopping and culinary spots in Madison. It's not the typical Wisconsin cheese store (cheddar, cheddar, cheddar), it's much, much more than that. They take extreme care in picking cheeses that are handcrafted, delicious, and local--and the way it's presented (through showcasing the cheese, sampling, and customer service), just reinforces that. I've tasted some amazing cheeses here, and the ambiance is great. I feel as though I've stepped into a small European store when I walk in. A cheese class is a definite must--I've taken classes that range from Cheese 101 to Mixed Milk and Fruity Beers to Stinky Cheese and Funky Beer--and they were all great fun and really informative. I love that they don't just focus on cheese...they make it a whole experience with the right accoutrement. Love, love, love Fromagination. This place is a definite must if you're a foodie of any sort.
3	I've ordered some great gifts online from them, and when I was recently in Madison I had to stop by. They have an amazing selection of cheeses, but I wasn't as blown away as I had hoped. Maybe it was because they were a bit busy, but no one said hello or offered any help until we had been in the store for at least 15 minutes. I guess that just turned me off a little bit.However, if I lived nearby I can imagine that I would be in here a lot. They have some good looking cheeses in those cabinets, and I would eagerly try every one at least once.
5	When I die, may I be reincarnated as a cheesemongerer and work/eat/live at Fromagination? Literally, the best cheese I have ever consumed. I got to eat three cheeses and drink a glass of wine while sitting outside and looking at the capital building. I will order gifts for the rents from here and will indulge prob once more before my return to SF. If I am ever back in Madison- I will return mos def!
5	We love cheese, so we decided to give Fromagination another try... I am so glad we did!  Our experience this time was completely different than our first one.  The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant - in spite of that fact that the place was packed.  They have a great selection of cheeses from outside of WI.
4	Love the little orphans. Great way to taste various cheese for cheap!
3	I have mixed feelings about Fromagination. Last time I was there I went with my mom to get a cheese baguette for lunch. My mom asked if she could have a baguette with Gruyere cheese on it and a little dijon mustard rather than buying one of the premade baguette sandwiches they keep in their fridge. The employee helping us was very friendly and told her that wouldn't be a problem. However, when he asked his boss about creating a cheese baguette for my mom he was visibly upset. We were pretty surprised about that. My mom's sandwich would cost more money than one of the premade sandwiches and he was upset about a customer willing to pay more? Seeing the manager be so unfriendly about a simple request made me think differently about this place.I did order a premade sandwich for myselft, it was good but cold from the fridge.I like the cornichons they give you to accompany the baguettes.
4	We were visiting from AZ last week and went to the concert on the capitol square.  My girlfriend stopped in here to get something to bring back to our spot on the lawn and they really took care of us.The turkey, cranberry and Camembert sandwich was awesome.  Top quality ingredients that really went well together.A nice bottle of red wine that they opened for us and a couple of plastic glasses and we were all set for the concert picnic!
5	Serious cheese shop with the most knowledgable people who are so proud of their cheeses. I went there every day during my 4 night stay in Madison  - they made up this amazing cheese plate for me with hand picked cheeses, olives, crostini, nuts, berries - this store is so well merchandised with amazing gift items (more for me) and locally sourced gifts. I was actually giddy when I walked in the first time -and they are generous with samples. I am still in awe of this place. I believe this is the best cheese shop I have ever visited - and they made this great vegetarian sandwich for me, even though they offer many varieties of meats too. I feel like I should send them a thank you note for letting me experience such a place...really. Can't miss this place if you go to Madison. We were visiting for the Ironman WI race (husband raced, I ate cheese) and we have a really good cheese shop in Del Ray VA called Cheesetique but this one...wow...really amazing ownership.
5	The first time I visited Fromagination, I was overwhelmed...so many, many, many wonderful cheeses! I could have spent a day's wages in a few minutes. The fellow behind the counter saved me from bankruptcy and put together a sweet sampler with half a dozen Wisconsin cheeses, about 2 oz. each. Not a huge investment, and they were excellent, every single one. We've been back several times since. Fromagination has the potential to be intimidating, but the staff keeps it real...they know their cheeses, and genuinely want you to leave with something you'll love.
4	A great place to take people from out of town. Excellent selection of artisan cheeses. A bit pricey, but worth it. Giselle always has excellent wine recommendations.
5	Wonderful little cheese shop with a variety of cheeses you've never heard of or heard of but never tasted. You can buy small pieces - orphans, they call them - so that you can taste without spending a bundle. There are gifts for foodies, too: jams, confits, crackers, etc. Really friendly staff and great sandwiches. Wish this had been around during my days at UW-Madison.
5	I can't imagine giving Fromagination any less than 5 stars because this is how a business should be run and operated in Madison and anywhere else.Fromagination is amazing for a lot of reasons, but to put it succinctly and bluntly: the only deficit this place has is a lack of seating for customers. That's it. No, really! (OK, it's a little pricey--but you pay for what you get here.)The business has incredibly knowledgeable, helpful, friendly and mild-mannered staff that are willing and able to help you out without being pushy or ostensibly arrogant about it. Their cheeses are fantastic, but the sandwiches.Oh. My. God. I went to Jamba Juice shortly after to get something to drink and I just had to try it there. I left because I was getting stared at for making so many noises about how damn good my chicken sandwich was!--if you had one, you'd be making them too! Fresh French artisan bread with good chicken and fresh lettuce? With what I believe is a fontina cheese? SOLD!I also want to give them special props to selling other local Madison businesses like Gail Ambrosius; I was so tempted to get something else, but I'll just have to make that my excuse for coming in again!
5	A house of cheesy wonders.  Well-located and not afraid to offer samples.  We raided the basket of lonely cheese chunks - odds and ends for sale.  The staff arranged them in a cute little box.  It made a great gift for our petsitter.
5	This is probably the best cheese shop I've ever been to.Phil guided me through the process today, and I stuck around awhile just to hear how excited he got about his offerings. As a visitor from out of town just looking to try some authentic Wisconsin dairy, he recommended a spread from the smaller cuts of cheese near the register, and then guided me through the accompanying beer as well. I took home an extraordinary spread - including the Evalon Saxon Creamery, Bellavitano, and Smoked Farmstead Gouda to name a few faves, plus a fresh baguette and a New Glarus Wisconsin Belgian Red. It was the perfect French-style picnic to bring back to the hotel room, and I'll happily return anytime I'm in the area.
4	6:02 pm.. . tugging on the door handle only to realize that they close at 6pm! Lesson learned and I came back extra early the next day.My co-worker suggested that I come here for some goodies to bring home since this will probably be a rare occasion that I am in Wisconsin.Everyone says this is THE place to go for good Wisconsin cheese and cheeses that you can't find back at home.I ended up buying $20 of cheese that spoiled before I got home.  This was all my fault though. Nick (cutie at the counter) warned me that I should refrigerate the cheese.  Being the Asian that I am .. I figured that that it's like milk...you can keep it 3 days after the "suggested" date.  .  . .Pro:Drunken Goat CheeseA million varieties of cheeseGourmet top rated sandwichesWalking distance from the Capitol and DowntownCons:Still pretty pricey for cheese Cheese curds are not as great as ppl make them sound.
3	As with most artisanal cheese shops I've been to, Fromagination is like a happy rustic wonderland. Major points for the rotating (random) assortment of "small pieces," ("orphans," as another reviewer pointed out) which are basically just the broken-off chunks from larger slices, priced at around a few bucks each. The selection from local dairies is great (especially for tourists like me!) but despite the basically friendly service, I did feel a hint of annoyance from the cheesemongers when I asked my fifth or sixth question. Fromagination is clearly a popular destination for out-of-towners looking for the "local experience," but the high volume foot-traffic seems to take its toll on the service. I have high expectations for artisanal shops -- Isn't personalized service a rudimentary characteristic of such places? --  but it's possible I expect too much. Or it's possible I just visited on an "off" day. Regardless, I felt like I received a nice introduction to some of Wisconsin's prized cheeses, and loved the additional selection of carby accompaniments. Please, Lord, have Whole Foods carry Potter's Crackers at some point in the near future?
4	It's quite pricey (hence the bump down to 4 stars) but they really have an amazing selection of cheese including artisanal producers from Wisconsin as opposed to the mass produced, vacuum sealed, somewhat generic stuff you see at most cheese shops across the state.  In addition to cheese, they have a lot of really good accompaniments as well as a sandwich selection that is a great option for lunch - just order your sandwich and then eat outside at their tables overlooking the square.  Great place, worth stopping if you're in or near Madison.
3	Yes, I'm a foodie. Yes, I was reared in the pastoral Driftless Zone, home to some of the best dairy in Dairyland. Yes, I am quite fond of Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream (which, in Madison, is carried here and only here).  However, the customer service here runs the gamut from distracted to disinterested to downright rude. I stop in maybe twice a month.  Fromagination carries a plethora of hard-to-find artisanal and gourmet food items.  The charcuterie offerings are spare, which was a bit of a letdown, but they do boast a decent variety of beautifully displayed and properly packaged cheese (though it's not as extensive as I'd expect--despite Fromagination's artful arranging I'd venture a guess that Whole Foods' selection is nearly equivalent and less pricey). I just can't handle the counter staff.  I think it mainly stems from a time this winter where a gentleman was asking to taste a few cheeses-- he was putting together a cheese platter, he said, and wasn't quite sure where to start.  After he asked to taste a few cheeses, and was peering into the case, the woman behind the counter sighed loudly, put a hand on her hip, and said "Are you actually going to buy some cheese, or are you just trying to get free samples?" The man was flabbergasted (as were all of us in the store) and stammered, "Ma'am, I'm having a dinner party for some of my professors, and I really wanted to impress them with a nice cheese plate.  But I guess I'll take my business elsewhere." Clearly embarrassed, he turned and walked out.  That's the most extreme example I've witnessed (though on separate occasions I've heard people say "I have money to spend here..." as they stood, stymied by the lack of attention) but it exemplifies the general vibe pretty well.  With the marked exception of one kind older man who is patient and helpful when I'm there, the cheesemongers at Fromagination seem aloof and haughty.  I often dread going in even if I need something that I can only get there, because I feel very pressured to purchase lest they think I'm merely sampling the wares.  Also, I generally have a good idea of what I want to buy-- but sometimes they'll steer me away from it! "This is a very hard cheese.  Are you sure that's what you want?" Yes. I know that Vintage Van Gogh cheese basically crumbles to the touch.  I also know that its nutty, caramel flavor is exactly what I want.  Thanks!  I will keep going to Fromagination, especially because the shop takes great pains to promote local/regional cheese makers, but I hope they consider the constructive criticism and perhaps start having fun with the idea of selling cheese.
2	Good cheese?  Yes.Various paraphernalia?  Yes.Good attitude?  No.We stopped here yesterday, and were surprised by the cold attitude of the staff.  We bought some of the cheese, but they made no effort to offer samples.  There were some samples that had been pre-cut and left out, probably for hours, though.We came back today with a Grupon, and the staff member was quite put out that we hadn't called in advance to get a reservation.  Nowhere on the Grupon did it suggest that it was needed.  We were served, but with rudeness and coldness.In addition, I bought a sandwich from them.  Due to the fact that there was an Art Walk going on and there were many people coming into the shop, they had pre-made many sandwiches.  The roast beef sandwich I bought was unpleasant.For cheese, yes.  Otherwise, eh.
5	Cheese. More cheese. Wisconsin cheese, and not just cheddar. Gruyere, spanish style cheese, goat and sheep varieties. And if you want cheddar, you can get 5 yr/10 yr/12 yr versions. Besides Wisonsin cheese, they have a great assortment of cheeses for any purpose you might need. In addition to cheese, they have all sorts of other food products that go with cheese - crackers, jams, serving items, etc. For those with a sweet tooth, they carry a few different Wisconsin made candies and also Dean and Deluca products.Pro tips: get their signature sandwich - smoked turkey with brie and a raisin/cranberry chutney on multi-grain bread. It's so good, you'll be sad when you're done eating it. Also, if you don't want to commit to a large amount of cheese, they have small "orphans" near the counter. You can make an excellent sampling just using those.
5	The 10 year Hooks cheddar is amazing!
5	LOVE Fromagination, but it's one of those "dangerous" places for me -- I have to be careful how often I go, because it can be a hit on the wallet. It's kind of like a mini-Zingerman's experience here in Madison. Obviously, this is a great place to go if you're looking for cheese, and it's nice that you can sample anything (and they mean anything) in the cheese case and have as many samples as you deem necessary to make your purchase decisions. We've also gotten wine, beer, crackers, relish and some chocolate from here from time to time, but mostly cheese. One of my husband's and my favorite things to do is to buy a baguette and a little sopressata or salami, and then pick up a handful of the cheese "orphans" they keep up by the cash register. Instant dinner, and you get to try out some new cheeses. This shop is a little downtown Madison treasure.
2	Stopped in to this cheese shop while visiting from out of town. We wanted to do a tasting of various cheeses and figured this would be the place to go. When I asked about doing a tasting the guy acted confused and was very unfriendly. It's a cheese shop so I figured they would have an option where you could pick several cheeses to taste for a price. After giving up on the tasting idea we thought we'd still grab a sandwich since we read that they make sandwiches. All the sandwiches were pre-made and sitting in a cooler. Not too appetizing so we left without purchasing anything...I still give it two stars because they had a nice assortment of cheeses and the shop was cute. Customer service here is awful. The lady at the counter was rude too. Our time in Madison was short so it wasn't worth us wasting time in a place like this.
5	Had a jarringly friendly counter-woman, which may be standard for Wisconsin.  On a road trip through we only had time for a quick lunch, and I think we made the perfect choice.The store is littered with samples. We each ordered sandwiches which came with cornichons (I could take or leave) and a chocolate square (perfect ending). Surprisingly affordable sandwich deal for such a place, but otherwise pretty pricey. As I approached the counter I kept finding things I had to buy, cheese squeaks (were great on the road), "orphans" (little cut ends of cheese for $2-4), beer (self explanatory). We headed out to the patio with sandwiches and haul in tow, but kept eyeing the grassy patch across the street for a picnic. We weren't sure what the rules were about drinking beer outside of designated restaurant areas, and inquired within. Not only did she say it was fine, the perfect picnic blanket appeared from her hands and we proceeded to have a genuinely great meal in the sun, on the grass, by city hall, watching the protesters and chipmunks scurry around us.Anyway, this counter woman facilitated a great meal, the bread is universally delicious and sandwich appropriate, though I was partial to the sunflower seed thing used for the PBJ. The cranberry relish on their turkey and the jelly used on PBJ were both similar, chunky, sweet and tasty. Smoked chicken was creamy and the cheese was mild, but could have used a more bitter green on it. I wish I had tried the Salami. Across the board, my only complaint is that I wish the cheeses had been more prominent on the sandwiches, and that I wish they had some kind of grilled cheese/pure cheese sandwich on offer.I had a local Wisconsin red ale (Quisconsin I think?), a friend had a cider. Both went well.
5	amazing products.  They have the best cheese I've ever tasted.  The staff is super friendly.  They have bite size pieces to full wheels of cheese you could buy.  Also, they have wine connoisseurs, which helped for our cheese & wine party.
5	Ok I have been reading some of the comments here regarding rude service.  It seems to me that issue must have been addressed at some point because my wife and I recently visited this shoppe and were treated with nothing but cheer and respect.  We sampled at least 6 or more cheeses, some we liked and a couple not so much.  Top Notch experience. We even got a little thank you note that we didn't notice she had prepared for us when we got to the bottom of our package.  Like or Love cheese? VISIT THIS PLACE. . if you are curious about cheese? Visit this place as well.
5	My mother is well acquainted with my passion for sandwiches, so on my last visit to Madison she took me to Fromagination. We shared 2 sandwiches: the roast beef and maple turkey. WOW. They were SO GOOD. The roast beef was very hearty and flavorful on a rustic bread. The turkey sandwich was a delicate dessert of a sandwich, with slices of apple and . . . MAPLE MAYONNAISE.
5	oh fromagination... aka cheese heaven. i love you so.this is definitely one of those places where it's easy to drop a lot of money, so proceed with caution. you will try delicious cheeses, spreads and crackers from wisconsin and abroad. you will ogle elegant and useful kitchen gadgets. and you will probably leave with a bag full of all these things.i really love the cheese orphan basket near the register. it's a great way to try a new cheese without spending a lot. the staff is always very friendly and helpful. it can get crowded due to the prime location on the square, so it's best to avoid during farmer's markets, etc.
5	This is hands down the best cheese shop I have EVER been to! The staff is super knowledgable and friendly but it's their products that are insanely good!
5	Best sandwiches on the square. Plus:Hits: hard to find gourmet items (oils, vinegars, spices); unique wines; customized gift baskets and tasty ice cream.Misses: ghirardelli chocolates in sandwich packs -- although made up for by tasty cornichons. Hints: have them cater your office lunch. it is tastier than average sandwich places and supports a local owner who is an avid supporter of downtown.
3	Good selection of local and not-so-local cheeses, wickedly expensive, though. I bought a few cheeses for a party recently, just enough to serve about 6 people, could not believe how much it cost. Although I enjoyed the cheeses themselves, many of them are available at Metcalfe's for considerably less.
4	I love the Hook's Chedder, aged 5yrs+. It's definitely not something our happy cows in California seem to be able to produce. Their Potter's Crackers selection is kind of sparse and quite a bit pricier than Metcalfe's ($5.25 compared to $4.45), but hey, if you're dropping $30-40 on some cheese, 80cents is chump change. AND WAIT! Before you leave, take a few cheese orphans home with you! They look so cute and lonely in the baskets near the register...why not give them a warm home in your belly? :) Plus, it really is a wonderful way to try a variety of cheeses without having to break the bank.
5	Best place in Madison to buy cheese. They have a very large selection to choose from so no matter what you are looking for I'm sure you will find it here. Another nice thing is the bit size pieces to try. Or if there is something not already cut up just ask and they will give you a sample. Lot's of gourmet oils, vinegars and spices as well and the potter's crackers are wonderful!! It is pricey but well worth it!!
3	I LOVE the food at Fromagination.  This store has bailed me out of more than one dinner party.  There is an exceptional variety of everything.  And, even better, the staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable about pairings and has solid suggestions for any occasion.  It is also the perfect stop after a Farmers Market trip on Saturday to round of the purchases with good cheese.The store has a crazy-funky cheese smell, but it is clean, attractive, and well-lit.  Like the Old Fashioned, it is a great stop when hosting out of towners.That being said, your personal experience will vary WIDELY with each visit.  The staff has a rather schizophrenic approach to customer service.   Some are extraordinarily helpful and approach the shop like a welcoming culinary experience.  However, some of the staff approach the shop like it is the cheese version of Louis Vuitton.  Cold, condescending, and borderline rude.  Before I walk in I always have the brief internal debate about whether it is worth the gamble that day.  Suggested tip: Never ever try to use a Groupon here.  Just pay full price.  You'll be so much happier with your experience.
5	When we walked in my boyfriend said, "It smells like a rat cage in here." Although I'm sure he meant that in the sense that rats like cheese...there is definitely a funk. The scent of a good cheese, am I right? This store is pretty much a cheese snob's dream come try. Tons of local cheese and other cheese-related paraphernalia, vinegars, oils, etc. A great place to get a gift for anyone, because who doesn't love cheese?
5	When you enter the store, the smell of cheese hits you like the potpourri at Victoria's Secret. Heavenly! We wandered around sampling, ohhhing, and ahhhing over all the delectable's. Then settled on a bottle of Prosecco and a cheese platter at the tables out front overlooking the Capital.  Seriously, does it get any better than this?  Make sure you talk to Priscilla while you are there. She is a wealth of knowledge and really fun too!
5	Great cheeses and snack items.  Staff were wonderful!This is a must for anyone visiting as well as locals looking for quality foods.
5	Wow. This has to be the best cheese store in Madison... and maybe even the country. The cheese selection is just ridiculous and there is always a huge variety of samples out around the store. I dare anyone to walk out without buying something - the cheeses are just TOO good. I also once came here to buy some gifts to send to family and friends back home - they have great locally made peanut butter, jams, and honey that shouldn't be overlooked. The staff are incredibly knowledgeable and kind, so if you're overwhelmed by the selection don't hesitate to ask for recommendations - they are very helpful!
4	This is my go-to place for foodie gifts and gourmet cheeses for party plates. It's a bit pricey, but they're not exactly peddling Kraft Singles. Browsing is fun, they have a great selection of sauces and mustards and oils. Sometimes when I go in they're conducting a tour or presentation, which sucks if you're shopping because the store is small and you have to push through slack-jawed tourists. It really puts a sour note on the experience when you have to maneuver your way through a crowd of fatties grabbing at free cheese. The staff is knowledgeable, but it's hit or miss whether you'll be treated well. Some staff are all smiles and free samples and some look at you like you ate a pound of broccoli and came to their store just to fart. The sandwiches are great, you can just grab one and eat on the capitol lawn. All in all, a great store!
4	This cheese store was delightful!  Conveniently located right next to my hotel, it was a great place to wander around at the epicurean delights.  I wanted to take everything home with me, and after careful consideration, adopted several of the 'cheese orphans' that hang out in front of the cash register as the small pieces leftover from the larger blocks of cheese.  They've got them sorted into 'Wisconsin' and 'non-Wisconsin' so that you can decide if you want to stick to locals or not.  It was a great choice for a little cheese tasting party of my very own, many, many miles away.They've also got some mad-delicious looking sandwiches.
5	This place is so great.  Just know, they close at 5 on Saturday so if you're going to stop in, stop in before that!!  I found this place from a food tour described on Trip Adviser.  We decided to add it to the tour we were making up on our visit to Madison.  We really weren't quite sure what to expect (and I'll admit, predicted it would only be a 5 minute stop where we would try to get some free samples) and were pleasantly surprised.  We walked around aimlessly and then easily got into conversation with the staff.  They were extremely friendly in explaining the cheeses to us.  We were starting to feel bad that we couldn't purchase anything because weren't sure what to do with any cheeses we purchased since we had no plans on going home anytime soon.  Imagine our delight when we found out we could buy cheese, crackers, and wine and enjoy them all right there at the tables outside the store!!  They even provided us with wine glasses and opened up the wine for us.  After consuming a large pack of crackers, one bottle of wine, and almost a pound of cheese between 3 people we were extremely full and very happy.  Plus, as a Madison tourist, I loved hanging out right on the square.  I don't necessarily recommend consuming as much cheese as we did but I do recommend the experience of stopping in at Fromagination!
5	Lovely staff, welcomed us into the store offering wine or water along with a myriad of cheese samples. We savored the underground saucisson salami, a rich and rustic aged meat tube made locally. 2 cheeses called our names, the roelli/laclare jack blue, a meritage born of two separate cheese makers, and the bellavitano merlot washed cheese. We enjoyed all three outside on the capital square. The selection at fromagination was a fine collection of the outstanding local and international cheeses, meats, chocolates, oils and so much more. Great place to find a hostess or other gift, or lunch like we did. Cheeses were well cared for and rivalled any of our san francisco cheese haunts. Lucky madison locals, no wonder you're called cheese heads!
4	If, like me, your goal is to eat your weight in cheese, then Fromagination is your kinda place. Any cheese your heart dreams of can likely be found here, and proudly made with Wisconsin love.In addition to many, many cheeses, they carry all kinds of crackers, jellies, mustards, barbecue sauces from Chicago's own Lillie's Q, Dean & Deluca products, spices, WI beers and wines, utensils and other accoutrements for maximum cheese eating pleasure, and also make sandwiches to go. We bought a ton of cheese and sat and ate our bounty on the lovely steps of the Capitol, which is close by.Fromagination is a cheese lover's paradise!
4	Before I even walked in, I knew I was in heaven. Cheese glorious cheese!Fromagination has a great selection of cheeses that you won't find anywhere else (like the limited supply of cave-aged goat cheese with ash brought in that day from a local cheesemaker!). They'll let you taste any cheese before you buy and there are plenty of samples around the store. They have a nice selection of jams and crackers as well (they sell Potter's crackers, which are amazing).Expect to spend a little more than you would on cheese from a grocery store, but it's totally worth it!
5	I have an abnormal obsession with cheese, so I am pretty much in heaven all the time living in Madison.BUT Fromagination is extra magical since they showcase the best of the best and the freshest of the fresh in their store all. the. time.  They do ship the cheeses.  Do something special for your family, and ship them some of this cheese goodness for the holidays.Feed the fam.  Give them a gift they'll actually enjoy, and support your local dairy farmers this season.
5	Very helpful and knowledgeable staff and very friendly! I purchased cheese gifts for my office staff while on vacation.
5	Fromagination is a magical place.  Sure, you could buy your cheeses at the grocery store, but grocery stores don't smell nearly as fantastic.  And no grocery store ever has as many samples, or as large an orphan selection.I try to take out of town guests to Fromagination early in the visit to stock up on snacking cheeses.  Guests frequently insist on return visits, on which I am more than happy to oblige & accompany!  I find it hard to not buy at least one of the cheeses available for sampling (so good marketing, guys), as well as a few old standards (Oh, Hooks 12 year, I love you).  The orphan basket near the register is also awesome-- tiny cuttings of cheese to increase variety on your cheeseboard without leftovers!Service is obviously a little more focused if you hit the shop when it isn't packed.  I haven't figured out a reliable pattern for this yet, but if you're patient when they are busy, the cheesemongers will eventually help you find a cheese or twelve you'll enjoy. If they're not busy, samples are encouraged, as well as a drink while browsing.Fromagination also stocks a wide variety of "cheese companions", ranging from local crackers, meats and truffles, fancy jams & honeys, to Wisconsin craft beers.  I also tend to lust over the cheese serving accoutrements when I'm there, although my current strategy of cheese on cutting board with index card labels will satisfy my serving needs for now.
5	Wisconsin is the America's Dairyland.  In my view, no place showcases WI cheeses better than Fromagination.  This place is truly heaven when it comes to cheese from the state.  Here you'll find pretty much every offering from the usual suspects, such as Carr Valley, Hook's, and Upland, as well from other local smaller creameries.  If you pay them a visit right around now, you may even be lucky enough to get Hook's 15-year aged cheddar and/or Upland's Pleasant Ridge Extra Aged cheeses!  They also offer all the accompaniments, such as crackers, marmalades, and Gail Ambrosius chocolates!Also, you can't leave this place without trying one of their sandwiches, particularly my favorite - the salami!  From what I remember, sandwiches run for around $7 or $8 a piece.  Overall, don't expect to penny pinch here.  Everything's on the higher end, thus the prices reflect it; however, if you're a big fan of great cheeses, you'll find the premium paid worth your while.
3	Five star products. But horrible service on both occasions.They got everything to make an excellent cheese broad. Wide ranges of cheeses, salami, preserves, chocolates, crackers, plates, boards cookbooks and knives and other cookware. They also have other local products too. Beer, honey, syrups, and lot more i'm forgetting probably.Now to the service.First occasion came in at about 10 min before they were closing on a Saturday. First thing a girl said when walking in is that they were closing soon. Ok just getting a feel of what they all carry anyway since I saw when walking in the time of closing on the door. Then she proceed to say well then take a quick walk through. Now 10 minutes is enough time to just see what they all carry. Then I hear  "5 Minutes till closing" then "Were closed" felt like she was pushing me out the door. Then locked the door right when the door closed. Would of been great to talk to just one of the employees working that night about the place while looking around. But nope.Second time not to good. Went on a Sunday after brunch. Got a hello when I enter and there was about 5 other people in the shop while I was their. They was 4-5 employees working one was at the register and one was helping picking out cheese for a customer and 2-3 doing whatever. One was the girl from last time. I was there for about 20 minutes and not once did anybody ask if I need any help. On one insistent I was reading the back on a product I hear someone say "Excuse me". Which was an employee moving products around. I was looking at the items he needed to move. Never asked if I had any questions. Just wanted to get his "project" done.I was happy to see Quince & Apple and Tera Whey products which I LOVE. But I can get those by other means. Did end up buying a Goat Cheese Kit. It has all you need to make the cheese but the goat milk. My cheese loving/home cook brother will love this. But I also can get this online.One strike, two strike. A third strike your out?
3	I really wasn't very happy about my experience at Fromagination today.As many others have mentioned, this is a very nice store with a great selection of wonderful cheeses.  And, as others have mentioned, these cheeses are quite expensive.  I don't have a problem with paying a premium for shopping at a speciality store, but I expect service that is commensurate with the price that is being charged.  That didn't happen.I went in today (Sunday) at around three in the afternoon, an hour before closing.  There were several other customers in the store, but it wasn't crowded by any means.  Of the six or so employees, at least four were standing at the counter with their backs turned to me preparing holiday shipments.  I stood there for about five or six minutes without being acknowledged.  When someone finally noticed I was there, he asked another employee to help me out.  That employee took about two more minutes to finish the package he had been working on before actually helping me with my purchase.  I was deciding between two cheeses and it really would have been nice to have been offered a taste.  As it stood, I didn't feel comfortable asking for one.I would expect a store like this to be run by friendly people with a passion for what they do, people who want to spread that passion and convince others that it's worthwhile to be spending such ridiculous amounts on cheese.  In any case, you can stay for an hour or two after closing to prepare packages.  It's rude to stand with your back to customers.
4	While living in Madison I've always had excellent service when shopping or simply perusing the cases at Formagination. It can often be busy, but the staff tends to be attentive as they can be even during a Farmers Market rush. However, I'm not writing today to review the in-store service. I recently wanted to send a shipment of Wisconsin cheese home to Connecticut. I made the order online on December 17 - one day before the cut off day guarantee for a Christmas delivery. Christmas came and went and my family in Connecticut hadn't received the shipment. New Year's came and went and the box still hadn't arrived.I called the store on January 3 and explained to Ken the situation. As soon as out the problem he told me he'd get back to me in half an hour. 10 minutes later he'd called me back apologizing profusely about the mix-up and promptly sent the original shipment out plus additional items from the store. I understand mistakes happen and not every single order can be perfect. I greatly appreciate it when a store goes above and beyond to make up for an error.
4	We've been staying at a hotel on the Square for a few days and I've already been to Fromagination twice and will probably go back to buy gifts again before I leave tomorrow. It's comparable to Murray's cheese shop in NYC. There's a wide variety of cheese as well as preserves, chocolates, wine/beer, ice cream, and cheese related kitchen gadgets (knives, blocks, books, etc.). They serve sandwiches, soups, and salads as well. They always have samples too and the service is very friendly and knowledgeable.One star lost because they don't make a GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH! How can you be a cheese shop and not do grilled cheese?!? I also didn't appreciate the 'tude when I asked if they had a grilled cheese sandwich...I can read the menu thank you, I was just wondering how a cheese shop that sells sandwiches can't just get a sandwich press and serve the MOST delicious cheese sandwich there is. That's all.
5	OH. MY. GOD. CHEESEGASM.Caps lock absolutely necessary, fyi. I had the great fortune of being invited to an event held by the Wisconsin Milk Marketing Association...it was held at Fromagination. The event, you ask? Well, that would be a grand celebration of Grilled Cheese Month!Yes, it exists, and yes, it is AWESOME.There was good beer (several varieties of New Glarus), an awesome spread of cheeses, and of course--GRILLED CHEESE. The chef at Fromagination is the guy who came up with the recipes--whether it was the stuffed french toast topped with marscapone and bourbon maple syrup, the bandaged aged cheddar with peppercorn and green apple, or the gouda and blue cheese melt (there were a bunch more), everything was top notch!If you like cheese, go here. Like meat? Go here! Most of their meat is from Underground Meat, and it was all spectacular. The breads were from Batch!My friend (my +1) wanted me to make a point--one I agree with--about the service/employees: they were absolutely awesome in every way imaginable. Highly informed, answered all questions we may have had (like what Whiskey was in the ice cream?), and seemed pretty intent on ensuring we had some sort of beverage in our hands at all times (the other hand had noms in it). Just...outstanding.Oh, how I love you Fromagination. And oh yes, I will most certainly be returning for your cheeses...just thinking about the smoked cheddar is making me drool!
4	This is such a cute little shop that has so much more than cheese.  In fact, I have probably bought more non-cheese product here than actual cheese.  The shop is pretty small and tightly packed, but it has a lot to offer for cheese and otherwise.  Aside from the amazing selection of cheese they also stock many different varieties of fruit preserves, honey, oils, chocolates, and more.  It is a great spot to pick up locally produced food gifts.On my most recent trip I discovered the cheese "orphans" which are small chunks of cheese that are left over.  I've seen this at other places and am glad to see it here, too!  This is a great way to try new (pricey) cheeses without having to pay a premium.
4	8 oozing reasons you should get your hiny to Fromagination:-cheese samples-located adorably on the square-friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff-cheese case with labels that describe the queso in Layman's Terms-accoutrements like raw honey, fig jam and truffle vinaigrette are loaded on the shelves (great spot to make a gift basket)-gorgeous atmosphere with French cheese signs and a long wooden table-grilled cheese of the month-and my favorite part: the left over bin with small hunks of great cheese for attractive prices
5	Stellar cheese store in Madison. All kinds of local artisan cow, goat, and sheep cheeses, plus a bewildering variety of exotic cheeses from across the pond. Also local artisan chocolates and sausages. Friendly staff, liberal with samples and advice. Well worth a visit. It is expensive, but what good things aren't? I note that several other reviewers have complained about service. All I can say is, each time I've been in the store, the service has been great. This is Madison, not NY or LA - life is at a different pace here, you have to go in there with the frame of mind that you are ready to take some time to browse, think, sample, chat, then everything will go well.
5	Dear America's Dairyland, I've been in Madison for nine months now harboring a secret I'm finally ready to spill.Brace yourself. I'm lactose intolerant. And even if I weren't and could eat all the cheese in the land, I wouldn't, because the texture, the flavor, the color... I find it mildly unappetizing and when I say mildly I mean mildly in the way that I mildly like to get punched in the stomach. Which is what it feels like when i eat cheese, so you understand my aversion, right? Now aversion aside, I have to tell ya I find Fromagination absolutely delightful! And why? Because even when you ignore the cheese, the foundation of the business, it's still a stellar place! There's meat. There's jam. There's chocolate. And they're delicious! (There's more, but I feel like that should be enough to get you in the door.) Add to this an amazing and knowledgeable staff and you have the makings for an incredible specialty store. They put on some really neat events throughout the month and are an all around awesome place to lunch. I love... LOVE the interior; rustic, warm, and carefully curated. So in conclusion Wisconsin, I'm sorry you had to find out this way, but dairy I say, I've still found wheys to make it work for me even choosing to leave out the lactose at Fromagination. (That means you can too.)  Yours, CD
5	Rating my cheese knowledge/snobbery on a scale of  1 to 10, I'm about a 4, yet the staff at Fromagination set me at ease. Krista and Priscilla were working when we set foot inside the small shop, overflowing with cheese (and honey), overwhelmed by the abundance of cheeses. Krista quickly took us on a fromage journey in our attempt to assemble a delightful gift basket for our parents. All the cheese can be tasted, and we did our best to try them all. The shop also has crackers, syrups, jams, dried fruits, wines, and old-styled maps. It was a great way to spend an hour or two, although if you love cheese, be prepared to spend a bit - as you can imagine, many of the cheeses are a pretty penny and then some.
5	LOVE this place!  Great assortments of so many delicious things, not just cheese--- and the staff is fantastic.  I want to stay here!
3	Place is really expensive. Guess that's the first I want to say especially considering there are a ton of cheese shops everywhere in WI. It's small and really chic, almost hipster-ist. There are some samples and I understand you can try any of the cheeses but I didn't. Just tried some of the samples and liked what I had. Again, the prices are pretty high which I didn't receive all too well but the cheeses are really good.
4	I popped into Fromagination today to grab a jar of Yumbutter's newest concoction (WI cranberries + coconut = http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76RrdwElnTU in my mouth). Walking into Fromagination is like walking into the cave in the Goonies (anybody? anybody?) - you're surrounded by so many treasures your eyes dart around not knowing on what to settle first. The walls are packed with local treasures like Potter's crackers, Hawkwind mustards and relishes, Gail Ambrosius chocolates, and fridges full of Wisconsin-native beers. Nevermind the honey samples of which I shameless took about 8. I don't even eat cheese and this place is heavenly. My friend says sandwiches are to die for... I may need to work up to that.
4	Try the toffee. It's to die for.
2	Came to this place on my way back from a walk to the hotel. I love cheese, so I came in (thought the name was super cute). Guess what they had? FREE SAMPLES! I'm a sucker for free samples, man. I tried almost everything. Fell in love with one particular:  Black Pepper BellaVitano from Sartori Cheese. GET THIS!Finally I decided to order a sandwich. I ordered the fig and cheese sandwich. It was $7. OK, I don't mind paying more for good cheese. The manager, I think, rang me up. He swiped my card once, paper came out, he said he did it wrong. He swiped it again. Had me sign. I left.A few months later, I balanced my checkbook (what? Like you're ontime with it?). They charged me twice.I took the issue to Twitter and they responded! They said just to email ken@fromagination.com and let him know. Yeah, I did. It's three months later. No response. I have taken it back to Twitter with...yep! No response. I'm not a happy customer. $14 for a freakin' sandwich. Ugh! Bitter much? Yes.So, they get two stars. I should give one, but the cheese was free and good. I can't deny that. I want to, but that wouldn't be fair. Well, it wasn't all that free I guess. It cost me an extra $7. Bastards.
5	Back again, two years later...two times in 2 days...was fortunate to be up in Madison for the weekend and will be back again in early September. Luckily, will be within skipping distance to this incredible store. They prepared cheese plates for me each day, each with distinct flavors and textures.. Figs, nuts, crostini, oh my. And vino, of course...In vino veritas.Bought numerous gifts (yet to be given) but opened the cheese curds already (not a very good gift giver).This place is merchandised so well that it just begs customers to purchase everything in sight. Was able to sample cheeses that I haven't had before - special to WI. Wine BTG: $7.50?! The average price by the glass here in DC/VA is around $10 so that was a bargain.
5	Amazing, fantastic cheese fantasy. I would go back to Madison just for this place.
4	Disclaimer: I have two friends who work here, though I have done as much as possible not to let this affect my review. I have been going to Fromagination every holiday season for years to send the parents of my (then-)boyfriend a holiday cheese box as a Christmas gift. I appreciate that the options can be viewed online, and Fromagination has boxes for many price points. They have always seemed a tiny bit overpriced, but knowing the high quality contained within, I've found it fairly reasonable. (The parents mentioned above are now devotees of Potter's Crackers and a particular type of caramels they used to include (though not the La-Di-Da caramels they currently have.)Fromagination has helped me find presents for fellow expats who believe that, even though they live in California, the happiest cows come from Wisconsin. This may or may not have led to an infamous event in which I took Limburger (the only dairy that can produce it in the US is in WI) on a plane to San Francisco with a box of fennel crackers. The recipient was very grateful for a taste of home, no matter how smelly it might be.The employees have an encyclopedic knowledge of all things cheese, and will enthusiastically share their expertise with you, helping you to find whatever it is you need for any occasion, as well as whatever accouterments that might go well with your cheese, such as salamis, cornichons, and dried (or fresh) fruit. They also carry a number of non-cheese specialty items. Local distributors and creators are the primary focus, but products considered exceptional from around the world are present. I can testify to the enthusiasm of the staff; a friend who works there loves visiting family farms for tours and tasting, always learning more. This is a store where the employees love to pass on their passion for cheese to the customers, which is always a good thing to see. Though it is often bustling, lines move quickly and everyone is courteous. Every cheese in the store is up for sampling, which is encouraged. If you are vegetarian, they know which cheeses use synthetic rennet. Recently, they began to offer sandwiches, which are expensive but delicious and freshly-made with quality ingredients by an employee when you order them. They also have a selection of drinks (alcoholic and non-), which is great for a weekday lunch downtown or a trip to Concerts on the Square. They often have community education classes, too, which I appreciate. If it weren't for the often-hefty price tag, I'd be in here a lot more often. I look forward to my next visit!
4	In town for a conference needing a quick lunch. Instead I stopped by this place- a wonderful slow browse through a wonderland of cheese and sandwiches and such. Plenty of samples and an option to sample cheese with a paired wine for very little money while I was browsing. Left with a great turkey sandwich, chips and lemonade. Only able to eat half the sandwich as it was well stuffed. Prices are higher than the Subway up the street but $11.00 gets you great and healthy food with amazing cheese, a drink, chips, and a bit of dark chocolate. I will return later in the conference.
1	Was really looking forward to visiting this shop on our trip up from Chicago.  Came in at 4:20 on a Thursday and was pretty much told to go away when asked if I could order a cheese tray to eat there.  I left and went to Graze to order a cheese tray.  So much for a good cheese shop.  I was planning on picking up a few cheeses tomorrow on my way out of town but will try a different market.  Such a disappointment.
1	Meh. I walked in here before going on a run, so I probably looked like a bummed out college kid, but they COMPLETELY ignored me... WTF!? Forget this place. I hate being treated like I don't deserve service just because I don't look a certain way.
3	Fromag-i-whaaat? My sister, a Madison local, was telling me about one of her favorite shops along the square. I listened to her praise their service, selection, and overall cheesiness.  I was unaware such a place existed. But, I should have known better. After all, this IS Wisconsin we're talking about! Beer and cheese flow through the veins of most Wisconsites. And how can you blame them? Cheese is a wonderful thing. It takes careful crafting, loads of patience, and sometimes an artistic and creative vision. She took me through this small, yet jam packed store on a weekday afternoon. The samples were plentiful, but the service was not. Understandably so, since it was during the summer and there were several concert-on-the-square folks milling about. You could tell the people behind the counter were well versed in their fromage. And for the lucky few that received help, it was apparent that their knowledge was extensive.Fromagination is a wonderful store that I could easily overspend in...if I ever got service....
1	I really just do not like this place.  I know it is the cool thing to love it.  However, I find it completely overwhelming.  As a person with no knowledge of cheese, getting service to ask a question is nearly impossible.  They do not cater to those people new to cheese.  And when you get poor service it makes the smell a bit much to handle.  I wanted to buy cheese, even though it was pricey, but they do not seem to have enough staff to address their customers.  I found it annoying that some of them were chatting behind their counter.  I wish I could review your cheese but I can not get past your service.
5	A Rare Gem!I spent many lovey evenings in Madison with a cheese, cracker, and chutney platter accompanied by a glass of wine - all purchased at this lovely shop.Stayed at the hotel next door for a few weeks, and rarely missed a day here.Yes, the cheese selection is to die for, and the folks behind the counter are knowledgeable, and ever-willing to offer a suggestion or a sample. The heavily-truffled cheddar, paired with a cranberry chutney and served with a lightly-sweet white wine was just too delicious for words. The ready-to-go sandwiches are great for a quick lunch. The wine selection is not large, but is nicely curated to offer reasonable selections appropriate to the many cheese types on hand. Don't miss the chocolates or other available treats.I'm jealous, Madison. Quite jealous.
5	The place has a wonderful selection of cheeses as well as things to go with them- bread, crackers, ect. The best thing is the wonderful staff. Everyone is so helpful and knowledgeable about everything in the store.
5	Excellent cheese selection! Sample any cheese you want to or if you don't know what you want, ask the friendly, knowledgable staff for help. After getting that kid in the candy store feeling upon walking in, my wife and I could not decide which cheese to buy. We wanted them all, but being from out of town we thought it best to just get one to have with a tasty New Glarus brew before bed. We asked for help and they did not disappoint. We were asked what flavors we liked and the staff found us just the right cheese.They also sell excellent meats that are made locally, and lots of tasty options for pairing. From beer to wine to chocolate to fruit to crackers to jams, they have a great selection of quality foods.
5	Fromagination has a plethora of cheese, fancy spreads, upscale grocery items, and really good sandwiches. Though this connection may have been planted by their line of Dean and Deluca in the store, that is very much what this reminded me of, but heavy on cheese (as is appropriate in Wisconsin). The store would be an ideal place to create a gift basket, sample local specialties, or take home a souvenir, which is exactly what took me to Fromagination. In town for a conference and with very little chance to get out during our stay, this was a last stop to pick up some orphan cheese (odd sized bits from more traditional cuts I assume), a gift or two, and a sandwich for the plane. I had the swiss, apple, turkey, with a maple mayonnaise. I generally dislike mayonnaise, but this was a great addition to this sandwich. Prices are reasonable for the selection, brand, and quality of goods sold. I'd be back if I were in town, for sure.
5	Excuse me but I think I may have just stumbled upon heaven. Why/how have I not been here yet. It's a cheese lovers paradise! And jams and chocolates and honey and crackers and etc etc etc. So many different types of cheeses you could get lost in your taste buds.Service was also excellent.. We had someone helping us the entire time we were there, and he even introduced us to our new favorite cheese, the Mobay. He was very knowledgeable about all of the different types of cheeses and where they had come from. It was truly impressive. I will probably never get cheese anywhere else (goodbye bank account!)
4	OMG CHEESE!My friend took me here on my first visit to Madison. After coming back from several months in France and feeling quite cheese deprived as of late, it was awesome to go in here. Staff was extremely friendly and happy to give suggestions.Check out the basket of cheese orphans near the register - you can get tiny odd-shaped slices of high-end cheese to take home if you don't set aside money for a cheese budget. I tried a cheese I've never seen before - Mobay, sheep and goat milk cheese separated by a layer of ash. So good!Plus they've got tons of cool spreads and honeys and gifty items :)
1	Although they have a good selection of cheeses, the store and their employees are definitely NOT kid friendly.   A very bad experience 3 yrs ago with one of the owners was so bad that it caused us not to set foot in the store again.If you have kids, save your aggravation and don't bother going into the store. Fragile & glass items are set very low on the shelves and easily accessible from a stroller.   The store is so tight that you will have a hard time keeping your stroller or kids away from the items. If there are other people in the store, you will have no choice but to move closer to the shelves which becomes too temping for kids no to want to touch something....  And if your kids do touch something, you may get a scolding from an owner by reminding you that  items on the shelves are fragile and can break. Seriously, anyone telling me that a glass bottle or jar can break is just being rude... we get it... duh,  glass can break!  Maybe if glass items were not 2 ft off the floor, it wouldn't be such a big deal.  Unfortunately our experience is not isolated. We have friends who experienced the same thing at Formagination.   So take this review into consideration - if you are with young children and are coming from the toy store just a few doors down, think again about walking into this store with them. You may just walk right back out and thinking to yourself, is this store really worth the hassle?  You may just find yourself going back to a local grocery store, co-op or cheese factory store for your cheese needs.
1	I was wondering how Fromagination managed to keep their cheese from spoiling while maintaining the store at such a warm temperature - well, they don't.I bought $10 worth of Hook's 12-year-aged cheddar on Monday and took it out of the fridge today (Tuesday, ONE DAY LATER) to enjoy with my friends. The first thing I noticed was the odd smell and then I saw the green&white splotches on the cheese. I tossed the block of cheese out immediately, and hesitantly opened the rest of my purchases to make sure they were okay. Luckily they were. Otherwise I would have just tossed $60 worth of cheese in the trash.I'm glad that I decided last minute not to gift these cheeses to other friends and family. Imagine their horror if they'd unwrapped a block of cheese only to find that it was already spoiled, or even worse, if they'd consumed the cheese and gotten sick from it.No thanks. I will be taking my business elsewhere. (I've definitely seen Hook's cheddar at Woodman's, and it is shrink-wrapped in plastic there.)Fromagination, if you are going to charge the prices that you do, I would hope that you'd at least do a quality check once in a while to make sure your cheese are not spoiling on display.EDIT: I'm sorry I had to downgrade to one star. I really did not want to go there, but I just noticed that another block of cheese was spoiled (which I had not noticed before), and that is just not acceptable. I've sent Fromagination an email about this, and I'm hoping that they respond with how they intend to address the situation.
3	Mmmm, cheese!They have a pretty good variety of cheeses, but, I've seen a lot of the same cheeses at Woodman's, and for WAY less.  However, it is pretty cool to be able to sample the cheese before you buy it.They sell a lot of Dean & DeLuca stuff there, so that kinda gives you an idea of the prices.The employees are very helpful, and friendly.
3	I'm updating my review again based on the quick response and handling of the spoiled cheese situation by Ken (the owner) and his staff. I sent them an email yesterday morning to bring the spoiled cheeses to their attention (simply to inform them that they had some spoiled cheeses on display and that they might want to double check the items they were selling) and received a response that afternoon. This morning I received a call from Ken who offered to either refund or replace the cheese that I had ordered, even though I had not requested either of these in my email to them.This is great customer service, and eases any qualms I may have had about returning to the business!
4	although yes, their cheese is more expensive than what you would get elsewhere. but nonetheless, they have so much selection and they are good.YOU MUST TRY THEIR SANDWICHES
5	Are you looking for a place to get some locally made gifts for friends and family? Are you looking to get cheeses, beers, cured meats, chocolates, gourmet condiments and sauces? Look no further, Fromagination is here to rescue!Friendly and knowledgeable store tenders stand behind the cheese display "fridges". Don't be intimidated. The cheese "sommeliers" are really friendly and always ready to slice you a little piece of whatever cheese you're interested in. I also really LOVE the classes they have at Fromagination. The valentine's day "Chocholate and cheese" class was so educational! Such an awesome dessert choice. If you're interested, just ask the cheese "sommeliers" for recommendations of which cheeses and chocolates go together ;) Also, the dessert fridge area is AMAZING. I LOVE the macaroons they have from new orleans. Keep in the freezer for months and they taste SO GOOD. Also, the gelato is really good too.Fromagination also are really nice at supporting local businesses. For example, they have been supporters of Quince & Apple since they began! I love the mini jars they carry. Great for bringing as carry-on gifts on the plane! Also, the wisconsin natural acres honey is amazing. And potter's crackers. OH SO GOOD. You can get individual Gail Ambrosius truffles!!!! amazing.Cheese. I'm so grateful they carry amazing selections like Bleu Mont's bandaged cheese YAYY, Dunbarton's blue (blue cheese/cheddar mix) etc etc.Also, if you're shy, they have various cheeses already sliced around the cheese "fridges". And other samples. LOVE Fromagination's generosity!Thank you Ken and the gang, you're always the trust worthy place to go to when I need to get gifts for friends and family!
5	After exploring the farmers market last weekend, I decided to hop into Fromagination as I have seen it featured on Wisconsin Foodie, and whom doesn't love cheese and local made products?The cheese that was sitting out to try was very good and I even bought a package of it along with a stick of salami. The store has a very good selection of cheeses and the workers I encountered were friendly and knowledgeable. This will be my go to cheese shop.
5	Really good cheese knowledge by owner.  My wife and I and another couple really enjoyed a plate of cheese and wine, while sitting outside at their cafe tables and enjoying the square!!  We'll do it again for sure.
4	If they ever decided to rename this place my vote would be Cheese Paradise.  The vintage deli cases are filled to the absolute brim with fantastic wedges of some of the best cheese from Wisconsin and the world.  Round wheels of delight are stacked in every inch of space in this storefront on the Capitol Square.And somewhere they happen to find space for gourmet oils and salts, chocolates and crackers and a small selection of higher end wines and spirits.There are also samples, and lots of them.  Satori Cheese is one of my favorite WI makers and I was happy to taste their Pastorale Blend Sheep and Cow's milk cheese.  It was sweet , then cool and finished a bit smoky, largely because it's hand dusted with a robust Hungarian Paprika.After snapping out of about 15 minutes of vacillating between sensory overload and pure cheese bliss, my senses were tempted by a large upcycled whiskey barrel full of cheese orphans.If you're new to the concept an orphan is the little block of cheese that's left after most of the wheel has been sold.  It's too small to accurately depict the visual beauty of a wedge or a wheel.   So it's wrapped tightly in cheese paper, and marked as an orphan, or as they are known in my world - the perfect opportunity to create a small (or sometimes singular) tasting party!  And Fromagination has more orphans in more varieties than most stores.On this particular visit I found a home for:Pecarino Romano - Made in Tuscany,  Italy from 100% sheep"s milk, it's a very hard cheese that crumbles or shreds with a deep nutty flavor.Red Rock Cheddar Blue Blend from Roelli Cheese Haus in Roelli, WI - It's a natural rind, sharp cheddar with a blue vein that's cave aged for 60 days and made with cow's milk for a creamy, mild cheddar flavor laced with a pop of blue.Hook's Five Year Aged Cheddar -  This Mineral Point, WI cheese factory has been crafting some fantastic pure and blended cheeses for over 30 years,.   And if you haven't had their aged cheddars, you haven't lived.  The longer a cheddar is cave aged, the deeper and more complex the flavors.  A well aged 20 year cheddar can sell for over $50 per pound.  So this Five Year is a nice compromise with and extra sharp full flavor.Beenleigh Sheep Milk Blue - I've always been a fan of sheep's milk cheese.  They tend to be creamier and hold deeper flavors than cow's or even goat's cheese.  This particular blue is from the Devon Region of England and melts on your palate to reveal a strong blue with subtle spicy undertones.If you have a cheese list this is the place to go.  If you want to try new cheeses this is the place to go.  And if you've never had great cheese, this is the place to go.Basically, if you like cheese, this is the place to go, and enjoy!
3	Parking is difficult downtown, but after circling a few times we got a spot in front.  We sampled some cheese and picked out several we loved.  I asked if they had any Italian cheese, and apparently Wisconsin takes their cheese very seriously, as I was told "we only sell Wisconsin cheese".  California cheese shops sell everything, even Wisconsin, so I didn't realize there was a difference.  Then we had them make up a gift basket which was very nice.  Although they have many options, I doubt I will visit again, primarily because we love all cheese and we don't want the limitation.
5	Seriously, what's not to like? A beautful boutique cheese store in the heart of the dairy capital of the universe! The owner, Ken, has a real ability to draw you in. Personable and incredibly knowledgeable, he has very well trained staff who can reel off information about any of the cheeses in their gorgeously decorated deli cases. Not being raised here, I had a limited repertoire of cheese likes (one of which was Laughing Cow... no judging please!) but Fromagination has turned me from the evil ways of mass produced cream cheese, and showed me the joy of a well churned slice of cheesy glory. Well, I still have a little Laughing Cow triangle every now and again!For me, the best part is being able to try-before-you-buy, with someone guiding your selections every step of the way, by asking you questions about your tastes and preferences. I've found several cheeses this way that I would never have purchased otherwise.I've taken them up on their offer of a little area of outside seating, and sampled several of their amply portioned sandwiches (not all in one sitting of course!) and highly recommend any of them! Top tip? Head in just before Concerts on the Square to fill your picnic basket -- everything is so fresh and delicious, it really enhances the experience! Enjoy!
4	I know that this is a cheese shop, but I seriously had the best potato chip here. Look for the chips in the brown paper bags...they are mind-blowing.Other than amazing potato chips, they make tasty sandwiches ready to go. I had a turkey one with Brie and a unique jam, but it was the bread that really stood out. They also have a great selection of candies, including Dean & Deluca products, and cute gifts for any foodie. Friendly staff, yummy samples and nice outdoor seating. If only they had fresh baguettes to go!
5	This place is almost amazing all around. At the moment, it's a great cheese shop in a great location. Then again, that is enough. They have a great cheese selection, local and international. The sell sandwiches, beer and trinkets. If you like cheese, this is a place to go.
5	Cheese heaven! I visit Fromagination whenever I come to Madison. A fabulous and varied selection of cheese with a focus on Wisconsin cheese. The owner and her staff are very knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. Also an eclectic selection of housewares and condiments. Get a glass of wine and enjoy the store. Or order wine and cheese plate and sip on the patio. This shop is a must for anyone who enjoys food!
5	Great artisan cheese shop with great sandwiches. My favorite sandwich is the turkey and cranberry, it is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Also the sandwiches are moderately priced at 7.50 which isn't too much more than a chain sub.
5	I really love this shop !There are a lot of great cheese and chocolate,and many good brands like Dean and Deluca, Jenis Icecream !I'm surely, I'll come back again
5	Unbelievable cheese and gourmet food store on the capital square next to Inn on the Park hotel.  The staff is very helpful in this place and really knows their cheese.  They often have little samples available to taste or ask them to taste any of the cheeses in their cases.  They also sell lots of other stuff like jams, honey, crackers, nuts and more.  You can also buy cheese related gifts, knives, plates and other cute little items. While not the biggest store, Fromagination is someplace special and definitely worth a visit.
4	Stopped by and got a few cheeses and sandwiches.Picked up a black truffle brie (a friend who adores french cheeses from his time there absolutely devoured it), some l'exquis d'rgental (a double cream french cheese) that was similar to a salty creamy butter with a cheesy overtone - completely spreadable on my crunchy rolls (delicious), and a mapley/nutty fenugreek gouda from wisconsin (went very well with slices of apple and cured meats and bread).The cheese selection is quite good and I only could try a small morsel of what they offer.As well I ordered a signature turkey sandwich with cranberry relish and the roasted chicken with its flavorful smoky chipotle spread. The knock on these were that they are served cold and the chicken wasn't that great (overcooked). Half of the sandwich was saved for home and heated in the oven producing a gooey chicken/cheese sandwich that was much better. If Fromagination would serve these sandwiches warm I could see topping by for another sometime but I wouldn't eat them cold again.I'll be back come summer time to sit outside and have a cheese sampler.
2	Fromagination is an adorable boutique type shop that's straight out of my cheesiest dreams. The selection of cheese and cheese related items here is fantasmic. So. Much. Cheese. It doesn't just stop there though, they also have a nice selection of cured meats, cheese servingware, candies, dry snacks, jams, beer... and the list goes on. The store is tiny, but there are so many unique and cool things to oggle that you don't want to miss. That being said, it sucks that such a great, unique store lacks so much when it comes to customer service. The workers here give off a pretentious vibe and are very curt. I had a few questions and was looking for something in particular but it was impossible to get the attention of any of the staff. I guess having your back turned to the counter and unwrapping stuff is more important that focusing on customers in the store.I did end up choosing my own cheese and buying it, but the worker who rang me up wasn't very friendly and at that point I didn't feel comfortable trying to ask about anything else. Sorry for giving you my business? You'd think that a store that is so specialized with so much to offer would be more forthcoming with trying to educate customers so that they can really enjoy their products. Guess not. Good selection, but the experience is almost equivalent to going to the grocery store deli and picking out your own cheese. The customer service just doesn't exist here. Heck, the deli guy at the grocer's would probably be more friendly and I'd bet that it's probably cheaper there too.
5	Nice boutique cheese shop. Christie was extremely helpful and we sampled plenty as we added to our order. A must visit every time we come to Madison!
5	I have a deep love for cheese and this shop couldn't make me happier. Second visit to Madison and second visit to the shop. This time I made it my last visit of the trip so that I could bring home even more yummy cheeses. We also picked up some sandwiches and ate those on the road which I highly recommend.
4	Fromagination. is. awesome.  I've only been two or three times in my visits to Madison, and believe me - it was more than enough time to fall heads over heels for this cheese shop.  The inside is completely covered in magnificent dark wood and glass, and is chock-full of cheese as far as the eye can see.  They have specials each month, offer free samples of really high quality cheese, and in general seem to offer local and foreign cheese options that have easily been the best cheeses I've ever tasted to date.I don't know what more to say then to make a stop here if you get the chance!  It's in the heart of downtown and the quality of the cheeses sold is off the charts.  From 1-year aged cheese to 15-year aged cheese, they have it all!  And best of yet, they KNOW the cheeses really well.  In other words, not only do they sell it, but they're connoisseurs of it all at the same time.   If you don't know what to get, just ask and they'll help!If I were to knock it for anything, maybe sometimes the staff is aloof, and some of the prices of the accompaniments are definitely overpriced (like the chocolates and crackers), but really if you're there for the cheese you won't be disappointed!  Even if you don't want to buy a huge chunk of some specific cheese, grab some of the inexpensive cheese orphans at the front counter, take a bite, and be sent to cheese heaven.
4	Don't be fooled, it isn't just cheese! When I think about a store dedicated to cheese, I think about only going in a place like that for holiday gifts, not every day shopping.  BUT! This store has so much more than just cheese (although their cheese selection is amazing).  They have wine, and chocolates, and they also serve food.  They have wonderful sandwiches and salads that you must try.  Most importantly, they sell macaroons.  MACAROONS. I am always in search of delicious, sweet, colorful macaroons and I am left empty handed most times.  Fromagination has filled this void in my life by selling boxes of these treats in various flavors.  They are near the back of the store, in the cooler next to the sales counter.  I know I sound so silly raving about sweets in a primarily savory shop, but I am not ashamed of my sweet tooth!
4	Great selection and friendly staff Sometimes picking cheese can be overwhelming. You might know a few kinds you want while searching for something different can lead you to too many options to choose from. The cheese had handy labels with descriptions detailing the type of milk and how it tastes so you had a better idea of what things were before asking for help. One employee was nice enough to give us a sample plate to help us and another assisted in recommending toast that didn't take away from the cheese we wanted to present.Bonus points for the alcohol selection, though I didn't check the prices
