5	If there was another star I would definitely give it to Dr. Khorsandi and his staff! I had a little bit of fillers done a few years ago and it was soooo painful!! Pretty much scared me off ever getting them done again. But after talking with Dr. Khorsandi and I explained my fears he was very understanding and reassured me that there would not be any pain!Sure enough was no pain at ALL!! Plus the results looked very natural and I looked like I just had gotten some extra rest. Since then I have had Botox and my lips done. ALL very very natural. Dr. Khorsandi will never have you look "unnatural" or "done" he works with your natural beauty!GREAT Doctor and great service. Would recommend over and over again!
5	I had my breast done with Dr. Khorsandi 6 months ago, and I couldn't be happier he exceeded my expectations I love the size the feel and how natural they look ! I get so many compliments on my breast all of my friends love how they turned out.  From my first visit to my surgery day he was amazing answered all of my questions took his time with everything and watched over my recovery , couldn't have asked for a better doctor. I deff recommend him and will keep on going to him for any other procedures I might want.
5	I had a breast augmentation done with Dr. Khorsandi. Its been 9 months and my breast look and feel amazing! My results are so natural, just like I wanted. My pre op & post op experience was top of the line! They really do give every one of their costumers VIP experience. Dr. K was very helpful through out it all, he answered every question I had and explained everything throughly. I'm constantly referring people to him because in all honesty, he really IS the BEST OF LAS VEGAS. I work in an industry where Plastic Surgery is very common, and all I can say is results speak for themselves.
5	Dr. Khorsandi is a one of a kind doctor. I feel so fortunate to have found him because it was very difficult to find information on revision Rhinoplasty surgeons in my area. I was drawn to him because he has extensive knowledge on revisions and that is the most difficult plastic surgery to perform so you want someone who knows what they are doing. During my consultation my husband and I liked Dr. Khorsandi immediately. He was able to articulate exactly what it was that I didn't like about my old nose, he was very specific on how he planned to change it and he has a 3-D vector system that shows you what your nose should look like with the suggested changes. I felt a sense of confidence with him that I had not had with my previous surgeon or with anyone else I had consulted with in the past. In addition, he is the nicest and most down to Earth doctor I have ever encountered. His Practice Consultant Catherine is also fabulous.  I was able to get a surgery date for the next week and before I knew it, it was over.  I am thrilled with the results! My nose looked deformed after my original surgery. It was twisted, there was a dent on the side, I had a hump that wasn't there prior to my original revision and I had a deviated septum. In other words this was a very challenging surgery. My nose now looks like I was born with it(but of course much better than the original) and I can finally breathe properly! Both Dr. Khorsandi and Catherine were always available when we had questions(my husband and I called them a lot!) and they were always very pleasant and informative. Dr. Khorsandi was very thorough and went over any questions I had right before surgery and made me feel relaxed with his great sense of humor. I also really liked how gentle Dr. Khorsandi was when he removed my stitches and stents and cleaned everything out. He made it painless because he takes the time to make it that way. It was uncomfortable after my original surgery so I do have something to compare it to. The last time my eyes watered and I wanted to scream. Dr. Khorsandi is the best. I am so thankful I that found him and I would recommend him to anyone.
5	I had juvederm injected in my lips by Dr. Khorsandi and couldn't be happier.  His office manager and staff are so welcoming. I highly recommend doctor to anyone. He is a great surgeon and I cannot wait to have my breast surgery done with him next.
5	Dr. Khorsandi is an amazing doctor! I had rhinoplasty and chin liposuction done by him about 2 months ago. I had went to many consultations and left unhappy. After having my consult with Dr Khorsandi my unhappy feeling changed. He is so knowledgeable, listens to what you want, and makes you feel so comfortable. I am so glad I chose him, my chin and nose look so natural and amazing. ( I am very picky and hard to please)  I wish I could give him more stars!!! Thank you for everything Dr. Khorsandi!!!! -shawndra
5	Finding Dr. K was one if the best things that could've happened to me. Going from close to no lips to now was definately life changing and a boost to my self esteem. He is the BEST!  If I should need or want future procedures he's the only one I'd trust! I reside in LA but would travel to Vegas Just to see him!
5	Im definitely happy with the experience I had with Dr.Khorsandi. He gave me what I always wanted, my Breast Augmentation. He is the BEST, professional, attentive, and he knew exactly what I wanted. He is the only plastic surgeon that I trust. I definitely recommend him if you are looking for great results.
5	I recently tried the skincare line Zo by Obagi from them and couldn't be happier. This line is amazing! You have to try it. I love the scrub, daily power defense and eye cream. Of course sunscreen is a must! Best purchases I've gotten in a long time.
5	It was the best 9k spent. I had 3 other consultations and I picked Dr. Khorsandi because I was very comfortable with him and his staff.  I couldn't be happier with the results. I'm 3 months out and I am so pleased. His manager Catherine answered all my texts and questions anytime I had concerns.  I highly  recommend this doctor to everyone.
5	Dr.Khorsandi is the best plastic surgeon in Vegas!  I decided to travel to Vegas from LA just to have my procedure handled by him, since he came highly recommended for his knowledge, professionalism, and aesthetic touch.  I was not disappointed at all, and very happy with my results.  Thank you, Doctor K!!!
5	I was extremely fortunate to have been referred to Dr Khorsandi for medical treatment.  He and his staff have shown me unparalleled care and compassion throughout my time as a patient.  From examination and diagnosis to resolution of my condition, Dr Khorsandi spent countless office hours tending to my needs and was  accessible by phone to answer all of my questions.  Dr Khorsandi sets the standard in Las Vegas for how patients should be cared for!  I highly recommend him and the wonderful staff at VIP Plastic Surgery.
5	I had a breast augmentation done by Khorsandi and he is very passionate about his work. He's caring and looks after his patients best interests. I walked in not knowing anything sizing or anything about implants and Khorsandi was very informative and by the end of the consultation I was confident about my sizing, procedure, and type. It's been almost 5 months after the procedure and my breast look and feel soooo natural! I'm constantly asked if their my natural breast and am always told that I had an amazing surgeon. I couldn't agree more!!!!!!!
5	I am so glad I decided to choose Dr. Khorsandi for my breast  augmentation. I am so happy with the results already and I am only a month out of surgery. Definitely a recommendation from me! I never felt uncomfortable or pressured to do anything I didn't want to. The whole staff is very helpful!
