5	Right by my house ... And there's a drive thru!!!I'm probably going to be frequently stopping in here before classes, work, or meetings. I LOVE Jamba Juice. I've been going to the Tropical smoothie on Jones because there's not one on this side of town til now. WoooI should probably make my own smoothies at home but seriously...Ain't nobody got time for that!!Buying the fruit, washing the fruit, cutting the fruit, coming up with a combination...I'm on the go most of the time...which makes me appreciate the convenience of this drive-thru even more.So real quick ...Food: The greatestService: QuickPrices: Get the 16oz ^*^ Better value.This JJ seems to have a nice staff, very friendly and helpful. There wasn't a long line when I came since they just opened. I am so happy that this has opened. I will cut it short here, go get yourself a smoothie...they are just Fan-frickin-tastic!
4	I won some free Jamba Juice drink vouchers at work during a contest we did - GO ME! I've been waiting to use them because Jamba Juice is so inconvenient to get to for me. I don't wanna go to a mall or totally out of my way just to get a free smoothie! The demise of one of my favorite frozen yogurt places, Cherry on Top brought about... waaaaaaaaaaait for it! A Jamba Juice in the SW area right near my house! YES!! Sorry Cherry on Top, you will be missed... but at least something GOOD replaced it! They just recently opened so I decided to try my luck today and use one of my vouchers. They have a sweet drive thru. Yay. I opted for the Peach Mango smoothie - DELISH!! I actually NEVER go to Jamba Juice so I'm not really familiar with their menu/smoothies but this one is GREAT! Nom nom nom! The girls who were working were super friendly and nice too!
4	Health drive thru, luv it!! Smoothies are real good specially the peanut butter one... the staff is very nice!
5	Man I looooove me some JAMBA JUICE!!!! I've been waiting for them to open one in the southwest.... The rest of them are so spread out across the valley in malls and the university PLUS the cluster of them on the east side and in Henderson, about time the southwest got some love!!! This one is RIGHT by my house too.... So convenient =]I finished a fast right on time for their grand opening and the season debut of the PUMPKIN SMASH!!!!! What I wait patiently for each year! I get the small and make it light, only 260 calories. And very much worth it! Haha best dessert ever! I've already visited the new location 3 times in the past week. This is going to be bad! Wish they did punch cards haha. I did get a receipt to do a survey and get buy one, get one next time! And I'm on it!!!!PS I need your # Jamba!! Gotta call in orders when I'm on the fly! Oh yeah, first Jamba with a drive thru-- BONUS!!!!!
4	4 stars! Pros:It's super clean which is a plus. Quick to order Free wifiBomb smoothiesCons:Cecilia, at the front, lighten up sweetheart! You make smoothies for a living. There's no need for that little attitude of yours! Trying to get her to ring up my $2 smoothie was a nightmare. It took 4 employees to ring up the discounted price of a small 16oz. I tried one of those fruit and veggie ones. It's like a green apple color drink. Very filling! My boyfriend ordered mega mango. He's tellin me it tastes a little bland. Not good. We will be back. Hopefully Cecilia gets to make smoothies next time instead of struggling with the register! ;)
5	Thank God this location opened so I don't have to go to Tropical Smoothie anymore on Blue Diamond! Jamba Juice always has great service, is super fast, and their smoothies just taste better! I love the Orange Appeal and I sub mango for the yogurt. I've been to every Jamba Juice in the valley and am SO glad this one has a drive through also!! Thank you for opening up in my neighborhood!!!
5	Being from California I love my Jamba.  Even in CA we aren't lucky enough to get a drive-thru location!Great location in busy Arroyo shopping center but parking can get crazy so it's worth parking a bit away and walking if not using drive thru. Order a Citrus Squeeze with Immunity!  My fav and perfect for beating the Winter cold!
5	Stoked to have a JJ near my house!  And it has a drive thru which is a huge plus.The staff is very quick and consistent.  Every time I came here, the smoothies are on point.My favorite one to get is the Berry Work Out with whey protein.
2	I'm not sure I understand the appeal of this place... I purchased the $5 for $10 of smoothies Groupon and we came in today to redeem them. We ordered 2 kids smoothies, one whole food smoothie, and one regular medium. Total for the 4 was $16 something. Ummm... Ouch. I ordered the kale-ribbean breeze which had kale, mango, yogurt, and chia. 360 calories and 10 grams of protein. I admit, it tasted yummy, but $5.00 for something that couldn't have been more than 14oz, it hurt. I make a very similar smoothie at home nearly everyday for less than $1 a serving. My daughter wanted a smoothie with strawberries and mango. Perfect, we see one that has those plus beet juice. Since I am a stickler for my children eating veggies, I opt for that one while my son plays it safe with the peach mango. The lady tells me the kids smoothies are ready so I bring them back and my husband thinks there must have been some mistake. That a smoothie smaller than a sippee cup cost $3.50. My daughter gets her smoothie and wtf. I feed my kids some crazy green stuff that I'm sure most children won't even touch, but what in the world is this beet smoothie? It tasted like 75% beet juice and 25% strawberry mango mix. What child would like this aside from Dwight Schrute's? And this js coming from the lady drinking a kale smoothie... My husband had to throw it out and pour his Caribbean breeze in there for her. Luckily, the cup was so small, that he still had about 2/3rd of his medium left. Perhaps I'm just not a person that likes to waste money on drinks that I can make at home for dirt cheap, but I don't think we'll be back.
4	Hooray! I'm so happy to have a Jamba Juice in the Southwest area!! This one is  perfectly located  next to 215/Rainbow or the Arroyo Market Square shopping center (and dangerously close to my work).  The best part is their drive thru!!  You can zip in and get out lickety-split! My favorite items at JJ include their fresh carrot and orange juice, wheatgrass shots, and their oatmeal. Today, I noticed they've updated their menu with a few new items. I decided to try their Apple n Kale bowl from their new 'whole Food' - Wellness Bowls (see pic). If you're into green smoothies (which I am) you'll like it (think green smoothie in a bowl with slivered almonds, honey, and chopped up bananas). Service is fast and their employees are friendly and happy. I will be a regular for sure!
4	Drink taste good
4	Jamba Juice is a great place to start my mornings. I recommend getting the Caribbean passion smoothie. It has all the vitamins and essentials you need to start your day. I usually juice at home before I go to work but when I want something new I always go to Jamba Juice. It's a whole lot better now that they have a drive through. Makes things a lot easier and quicker.
5	my bestie is in love with this place. we've been going since high school but only get to go once in a while since there's only a few in town in place far far waaaaaay! When we first started going we had a friend that use to work at the location on Craig. she knew all the secret menu items and also would make up super amazing thing for us to try. my friend favorite is the white gummy. it supposed to taste like a white gummy bear, hence the name, and she get it every time. i think it's pretty good but my favorite is the pink star, it tastes like a pink starburst. I've also tried some other secret menu items like the sour patch kid, super delicious!!as for the service everyone is really nice, they are usually busy when we go but when they aren't we always get to chit chatting with the employees and asking them a bunch of ridiculous. :)
4	I so love Jamba Juice.  My oldest daughter and I used to go to the one in Pasadena every other day after the gym.  My favorite Jamba is Mach green tea love it.  They don't have it on the menu anymore but if you ask they will make it for you. Try it I think you guy's might like it .  Happy yelping your yelpie Terri xoxoxoxo
4	its delicious, refreshing and absolutely hits the spot, however..... Im not the biggest fan of the costumer service... jk it's great! I love the way you put tips in the jar and they all yell out "tip tip Hoorayyyyyyyyyy." its the best and I recommend the orange dreamsicle it is amazing! I do miss the macha green tea tho. if you mix macha green tea with the orange dreamsicle it taste just like a flinstones push pop. please bring that back. ty.
5	I had to make a yelp account just to write a review for this place :) the girls here are always so friendly and quick everytime that I come by, whether its through the drive through or inside. I had never been to a jamba juice before I moved to Vegas, and they definetly got my hooked on the first try. I work nearby and love to get the blackberry blueberry steel cut oatmeal before I start my day. Just recently they gave out samples of their apple kale smoothie, and oh my goodness was it delicious!!!  Way to go jamba juice!
4	Love the Jamba Juice on Rainbow,, the team there is so sweet and friendly.  Apple n Greens all the way!
4	Ive always liked Jamba Juice, its refreshing and tasty and one of the best liquid meal alternatives around. not to mention healthy! The thing I like about this location in particular is the convenience.  They have a drive through which is super fast and easy. if you need a good drink that is healthy and nutritious, but don't necessarily have all the time in the day then I would recommend this location.  The Orange Dream Machine with a couple blast of Macha Green Tea taste exactly like a Flinstones Push Pop. Give it a shot.
4	Good smoothie. Good service. Parking situation is a little irritating and you should be careful when you pull in from the side. It's a drive through, so it would put you going the wrong direction if there are no cars there to indicate otherwise.  I got the kale-ribbean breeze and it was so good. I mean, I didn't expect it because I'm not really a greens in my smoothie kinda gal, but it was light and not too sweet and has the perfect weight to feel like I was having a light meal.
3	Hawaii people need to read this.. their acai bowls are NOT the same as the one back home. Not worth the $5.
4	Great morning shift staff, there is one lady here who actually memorized my name after a couple visits. And after not going for a while I showed back up and she still remembered me. Great people to talk to and easy service. Juice is a tad watery
4	Right by Best Buy off of the Rainbow exit on the 215. Very convenient if you are in the area to shop or simply passing through. The drive thru is usually not a long wait, plus there are handy designated parking spaces for those waiting to pick up the drive thru orders in the rare (just past where the drive thru traffic exits. Of course!)This location is kept extremely clean (at least from where the customers can see), even by the typical cleanliness standard of the average Jamba Juice.The staff are friendly. The ones making the juices, smoothies bust their butts to get the orders out as quickly as humanly possible and accurately. Most do it with a smile even when they are getting slammed on their "Free Fresh Squeezed Juice" promo morning. They recognize and acknowledge frequent customers too (nice touch).This location is not the biggest and took over from a now defunct Froyo business, so the design is a long narrow rectangle, with not much indoor seating area (for escaping the hot Vegas summer), but additional patio seatings are available.There are many Jamba Juice locations in Las Vegas. This one is not even the closest to me, but it is now my favorite. Looking forward to redeeming the rest of my Jamba Juice Groupons here.Easy 4 stars. Maybe even very close to 4.5 stars.
3	Just as good as all the rest as far as product but it is insanely slow here.  They even have a drive thru but it is always backed up and always slow slow slow.  Appear to be under staffed.  If they fix the speed of service I'd upgrade this for sure
2	My juice was delicious,  Customer service here was crummy. Lady was not friendly or welcoming.
5	Just stopped in to get a juice before I tackle Walmart. I have a miserable cold/upper respiratory infection and sound half dead. Lol. I ordered the citrus kick and the girl who helped me suggested i add the c and zinc to help me feel better. She was so sweet I had to post a complimemt.
