4	The 24 Hour Fitness Active club is a smaller facility than their "Sport" clubs - but a great place for a solid workout.  The location is very convenient for me which I think is one of the keys to a steady workout.Lots of cardio equipment, I'm always able to get on the type of machine I'm wanting (even on Monday nights which tend to be the busiest).  The weight machines tend to be underused I think, with little waiting - the free weights tend to be busier, but again very few traffic jams there either.The staff is friendly, and look like they're helpful (I've not utilized their training services nor needed support - except for changing channels on TVs!!).  Oh yea, lot's of TVs viewable from all the cardio equipment - great to get a good sweat going while watching a good game!!
4	I am a 24 hour fitness member and this is the location closest to my house - it is a bit smaller than the larger locations(duh), but is newer so is "prettier". I am a huge, huge fan of the group exercise classes, especially 24SET (Laura is the best!). They are amazing workouts, actually they are the only real way I've ever been able to work out regularly. Also, the monthly fees are very reasonable. The staff members at this location are SUPER friendly (more so than the Scottsdale road location) and I feel very comfortable coming here.  I think this gym could work on a couple things: - This may just be the clean freak in me, but the group x classes could use more regular cleanings. Particularly the mats. - More classes! I had to expand my membership to another location further away because this location doesn't offer the volume and variety of classes. I understand it is a smaller location, but I would be over the moon if they added some more weekend and weeknight classes (24 SET wink wink).
4	This is a smaller sized gym but it never feels packed to me. Its a great location for me since I live 5 min away. I always come during the evening rush between 5-7 and I never had to wait for any machines or felt like I didnt have enough space to do my workout. I've been to bigger 24 hour gyms in the valley and this one is cleaner and newer looking than some others. The staff is young, but very friendly.
5	I love this location. I actually was regularly going to the locale on Scottsdale Rd but not only is this location 5 min from my house, but it's just overall cleaner, the staff is super nice and very helpful. I work out at the crack of dawn and I've gotta give the a.m. staff credit they are perky just as much then as they are when I come back and work out in the afternoon. The place is fairly clean at all times, and I've never really had to 'weight' on any machines. *See what I did there? lol Yea I'm a gym nerd. :) I would say it would be nice to see some more classes offered here but other than that I really can't complain. They have some newer equipment here that I can't get from the larger location(s). I'm moving in a week so I'm hoping my next 24 location is just as good if not better.
5	My fave location, which is strange because it's a smaller "active" gym. But I love it because:1.  It's clean. And so are the people that come here. No one stinks or makes weird noises when they are working out next to you. 2.  Good location 3. Very friendly and knowledgable staff that seems to actually be happy to be there.4. The number of groupX classes are more limited that other "sport" gyms, but they are great quality classes. like they say... quality over quantity! Tip; try the bootcamp class. I was sore for days!
5	There are some things I really miss about Orange County and 24 hour fitness is definitely one of them. I was spoiled by having three locations within 5 miles of my house. Now this location is "closest" to me, a 25 minute drive from my house. But the cleanliness and layout of the gym, along with the friendly staff, make up for the drive.I've been a member of 24 hour fitness for a long time (with a brief hiatus in college- free gym!). I love the ability to workout at other locations, the group classes, and the reasonable prices. I also love the approach to fitness. I don't want to have to dress to be seen. I also don't need any "fluff." Give me a treadmill, some weights, and a locker room and I'm good. That's what's so great about the 24 hour fitness business model. There's no pressure for a fancy workout with expensive personal trainers. Yet the personal training services are always an option if you want to utilize them.The layout at this location is great, with easy access to the weight circuit and the cardio machines. The staff always greets you and is more than happy to help with TV channel changing, etc. Parking is plentiful, and the new fingerprint and number entry system is awesome (I used to always leave my pass at home when they were old school). I haven't tried any of the classes yet, but I will udpate my review when I do.
4	In an attempt to change my daily routine, I decided to visit this 24 Hour Fitness location. It's an "Active" facility as opposed to "Sport", which is what I'm normally use to. It also means it's a smaller facility; however, not at all disappointing. It has most of the offerings of a Sport location; namely, free weights, weight machines, cardio machines such as stationary bicycles and treadmills, a room for classes which can also be utilized for all patrons when class is not in session, a small area to warm up with additional specialized exercise tools like the bosu ball and jump ropes, and if I recall correctly there is also a kid's club. Of course being a smaller facility means you won't find the following offerings found at the Sport facility: less equipment, no swimming pool, no extra room for classes, less office space (which doesn't really matter), no room for stationary bike classes, and I think no massage area. I just thought I would point that out, but I don't think that necessarily takes away from the quality of this 24 Hour Fitness.I am impressed with the number of cardio machines and weight machines they have. The free weights are a good number as well, but I'm not sure how accessible everything is throughout the week as I've only visited once so far and it was on a Saturday afternoon, which is normally a slow time for any gym. In addition, I found this gym to very clean. The equipment also looked pretty modern and well-cared for. The location is good because it is right next to a large residential area. Overall, I wouldn't give up visiting the 24 Hour Fitness Sport location; especially, since there is one just 6 miles away, but this one at 100th St is definitely worth going to.
4	Best gym in North Scottsdale.  Much more personal, friendly, and the staff is wonderful.  They are required to know your name when you enter and leave and always offer a greeting.  The equipment is sufficient for everyone's needs and the training staff is the best on the planet.  I have been training with Adam since May, 2011, and honestly this is some of the best money I've ever spent.  I am in better physical condition now than I was when I was half my age.  It pays to be consistent, persistent, and determined to look and feel fantastic, and I am determined.  I used to be a member at a much larger gym nearby but was only a bar code to them and the staff was never happy about anything.  They couldn't be bothered to welcome me to the club because they were too busy folding towels.  If you want to feel like a member of the family and want a great place to work out, 24 Hour Fitness on North 100th Street in Scottsdale is it.  I'm not going anywhere.
4	I love this gym. I signed up a month ago to get back to working out and to lose the last 8lbs of baby weight that will not go away. I have been a member of almost every gym in the greater Phoenix Metro area as I've lived everywhere.  If I had to compare this gym to another one, it would be similar to Independence Gym on Hayden & Thomas.  This is because the gym:1. Has regulars.  I go M-F around the same time every morning.  It is literally the same people working out every morning.  2. Everyone there is there to workout...and there are rarely any women there wearing next to nothing or guys grunting and throwing weights around.  The people who are members of this gym seem to be 30+ and are respectful, quiet and are there to just get their daily workout in. 3. The staff is very nice.  The people always greet you and tell you to have a great workout and say bye when you leave.  It's nice because I think they honestly mean it.  they all just seem to be nice people. 4. The prices are so reasonable.  Sure, this isn't Lifetime Fitness or Village (I've been a member of both) but their locker room will hold your stuff when working out and you never have to wait for equipment.  They also have a pretty huge kids club there.  My son is in daycare across the street but when he gets a little older I will have no issue leaving him there for an hour while my husband and I workout.  It looks like fun!I think the only places for improvement are (if mgmt is reading) is: temp in the gym--it's a little warm for my taste in the group fitness room and also fans on the treadmills (see prior comment), and perhaps add a few more later classes for us working moms? :)
3	Smaller facility but has everything I need - EXCEPT no early morning group fitness.  Please please please add a couple early AM classes - 5:30/6:00am start time would be wonderful.  Not sure who is able to attend a 9am class but most of us working people are being left out of the schedule.  Other than the lack of class scheduling, I have no complaints.
4	I have to admit, this gym has some bad ass music playing.  From ACDC to Aerosmith to Lynard Skynard to Marcy Playground.  To whoever made the playlist, I commend you!
5	I love this gym! It has become one of my favorite places to workout and de-stress and has yielded great gym friendships with both the trainers/employees and other regulars there.
2	This gym is too small and the equipment is old.  Oftentimes, I get on squeaky ellipticals or treadmills....which gets very annoying if you're doing a 40 min session on each machine.The men's bathroom is always a disaster.  One of the urinals leaks often and sometimes you find a flood of water in there.The group class workout room is too small and the instructors don't police late arrivals who get in your way very well, so you're left to yourself to tell people to give your space to them.Last but not least, this gym is not 24/7/365....it closes on Friday/Saturday/Sunday evenings at  9 pm!  How in the hell can they call this "24 Hour" Fitness?!I wish I had a better option.Return Factor - 90% (only because I have to)
5	Small club, but the gym is great.  Low traffic with an amazing staff. I never have to wait for a machine.
3	I have to give this gym kudos for fixing the issue with the mens locker room issues.  Since I wrote my last review, the locker room has been kept very clean.  Also, the equipment has been fixed up and all the stuff I use now work fine.Now if we can just get them to be open 24/7/365 like a "real" 24 Hour Fitness, then I'll up it another star.Return Factor - 90%
4	Great staff, not too busy in the mornings or evenings, clean gym with plent of equipment options.  Most importantly, not too many meatheads.
2	I joined the club and wanted to enroll with a personal trainer. The manager Neemo was so uncommunicative.    When we did speak he acted like I was bothering him and very condescending.   Christine was no help either. Finally I connected with Corey and Lindsay and I am now a happy customer.  Thanks Corey and Lindsay.   Daisy.
5	I have been a member of 24 Hour Fitness for a number of years and been to a variety of their clubs.  At this 24 Hour Fitness, the staff is great.  One of their trainers, Adam, took the time to get to know me not long after I began going to the club.  He regularly checks-in with me even though I am not one of his clients.  Another trainer in the gym, Daniel, recently spent 1/2 hour working with me; again, I am not a paying client of his nor was this a part of a club promotion.  Having staff take the time to work with me and get to know me makes working out at this gym a great experience.
5	I signed up as a member of 24 Hour Fitness about a month ago. I was really missing the women-only bootcamp I was a part of in my old city and didn't have high hopes for a big-chain gym. Trainer Daniel helped me out an invited me to come to a new class: Functional Training on Saturday mornings. I am so glad I did! I've gone for the last 3 weeks and he kicks my butt! I am seriously sore for days and days after his class. I appreciate that he mixes it up every week to challenge us. He's a great trainer all around. Very motivating and encouraging. There are all ages and fitness levels in his class so he gives us modifications for every exercise, whether we need to take it down a knotch or really push ourselves. In my long and varied experience with gyms, I've found some trainers that just make you feel like crap for not starting out in excellent shape to begin with. Daniel encourages me to push myself, but makes me feel comfortable doing what I'm capable of.  The rest of the gym is cool too.
4	This gym has been open for years and still continues to be a great value for those who are looking to have all the amenities of the more expensive gyms on a budget. They have Yoga, Kick boxing, personal training, pool and hot tub all on site for free.  The only drawback is that their stretch room is very small and the matts have been used a lot (so bring your own towel and matt)!  The overall feel of the gym is okay but not updated...... but for the monthly savings I don't mind this little sacrifice.
4	Pretty good gym, it is the smallest of 24 hour fitness's levels but is certainly a clean gym with functioning equipment and friendly staff. It can get pretty crowded during the busy hours, mornings and afternoons, but since I typically go at off times it doesn't affect me to much. This place looses one star for only having one squat rack and closing at 9 on Saturday and Sunday! If you live in the neighborhood it is a great affordable gym to be a member of.
1	I cannot believe that after this long companies still do not have Wi-Fi in public places especially when their clients are spending more than five minutes at their place. I went to go try out this gym because golds gym Wi-Fi was terrible if operable at all. Checked in here, met with the manager and asked if they had Wi-Fi and they said no not yet but it's coming. Seriously? So I left.  How does one justify charging money for a membership that doesn't have wifi.
