4	You just have to love a place that features "dough" right there in their name like that.  I mean what more could you ask for than that?  It's going to be a good time.  While most other people are trying to hide their past (see KFC), Krispy Kreme is holding it out there for all to see.  If you don't have a Krispy Kreme nearby, I'm sorry that you're missing out.  These aren't just donuts.  And they aren't really doughnuts either.Sure, they do have cake-like confection concoctions that most of the world eats, but those aren't why you'll want to visit a Krispy Kreme.  No, you'll want to go for the special.  Wait until that red neon light comes on, because when it is on, you know they are making their doughnuts fresh.  That's right, they are coming off of an assembly line right there in front of you.  Those are the ones you want.  They will literally melt in your mouth.  The only problem is restraining yourself and not eating too many of them.This isn't to say that the rest of the selection is bad.  It isn't.  In fact, probably the single best doughnut that I have ever eaten is a blueberry cake beauty that came off of the line at a Krispy Kreme one afternoon.  I just happened to be in the right place at the right time, however - they didn't have the red neon on, because that only signals that their trademark doughnuts are rolling down the line.  For the other ones, you just have to catch it right (and this usually means off-hours).At rush hour and peak doughnut-eating times, you'll more than likely only see the standard-variety coming down the treadmill getting a coat of glaze, though sometimes you may see a bit of variety.  Perhaps they will be getting placed on trays for cooling, later to receive a filling of raspberry or kreme.  It's hard to say.  Regardless, you haven't had a real doughnut until you've had one of these babies.  Or maybe two.The staff here is usually fairly friendly, but you have to catch them when they aren't too busy, and that can be a daunting task.  If the line is long, they can be a bit harried.  But if there's no one there, they can't be beat.For instance, right now they have a special where you get a pack of Valentine's cars with a dozen doughnuts.  We decided this would be a great thing for our kids, so we asked if we might be able to buy some more cards (having already consumed a dozen).  Since no one was looking, we managed to score three more packs of cards, without having to buy so much as another doughnut.  Sweet!Krispy Kreme also participates in National Doughnut Day, which last year was on June 2nd.  They don't advertise heavily, but if you come in on that day, everyone in your party can get a free doughnut - only singles, though (no dozens).  Keep your eye out for this year's celebration!
5	Short and sweet:If the "Hot Donuts Now" light is on, this is the closest to Cloud 9 that you will ever get.Your pal,Walter
4	I finally went to this place after hearing all my friends rave about it. I figured ok I'm in Charlotte so let me try this place. Ok, the iced coffee taste like water! WTF? But the doughnuts were really, really, surprisingly good! The glazed doughnuts were given to me fresh off the conveyor and it was just warm and so soft. I couldn't wrap my head around how the doughnut was so soft. It literally melts in your mouth. The doughnuts definitely rival some of the best I've had in NYC.
4	Well, not that anyone can properly place doughnuts in the food pyramid, let alone work them into any meal with justification, but Krispy Kreme is a gift from the sweet tooth heavens. If you're passing by and happen to catch that beauteous glowing Hot & Now sign illuminated in your peripheral, it might has well be your birthday. I've experienced many a doughnut endeavor and never once have I been let down by this little shop of warm, melty, glazed dreams. The staff is always fast and can pull a dozen melt-in-your-mouth glazed in no time. The inside is great, too. Fun for little kids to watch the conveyor belt churning out doughnuts. This is a place of happiness. Not just breakfast or snacktime, but pure happiness. My only gripe is the accessibility. Located on Independence, it is hard to pull in and then come in through the back, pull in to the drive thru or find a spot  in the adjacent parking lot. All of Charlotte knows how 74 is the bane of motor vehicle existence, so just be prepared. Absolutely love Krispy Kreme and all they stand for. Except for maybe their odd choice of spelling, of course! Now, onward for Hot & Now doughnuts!
5	Just a little slice of Heaven in a small donut shop! I went there today and they were selling donuts faster than they could make them. You don't go to a place like this for anything but DONUTS!!! Life wouldn't be so sweet without them.
5	I am officially addicted! I even downloaded the hot light app on my phone thats how addicted I am. Love to get the original glazed when they are hot off of the conveyor belt!
4	The only bad thing I could find wrong with this place is that isn't open 24 hours everyday. They are so hospitable and amazing. Keep up the work late night workers of krispy kreme.
3	Don't get me wrong - I'm a Dunkin' Donuts gal, but ever since we moved to NC, Krispy Kreme is an acceptable substitute.  Their signature glazed doughnut has a special place in my heart; however, my favorite is the sour cream doughnut.This particular location is the closet to my parents' home.  I remember my Dad teaching me how to drive down Highway 74 and suddenly grabbing the steering wheel yelling, "The 'Hot Donuts Now' sign is on!  Let's get fresh doughnuts!"; our car subsequently crossing two lanes of traffic.  Watching the donuts on the conveyor belt pass through the glaze waterfall is just as unforgettable.I was here one week ago with my brother to grab a quick breakfast before the rush hour traffic started.  There was only one person ahead of us in line, but he had a large order.  We were able to place our orders, but waited a long time to pay because of the other customer, despite there being another register available.  After paying we decided to eat there before hitting the road again.  The floors were noticeably sticky that morning.  Halfway through our meal, one of the workers came out and started dragging the bucket around and mopping the floor - a cardinal sin in my book (never clean the floor when there are customers still eating in the area!).Overall, their glazed doughnut remains the signature item, but I'm disappointed that they never carry the sour cream doughnut at this location, and the service is inconsistent.  It's still worth crossing several lanes of traffic, albeit cautiously, when the "Hot Donuts Now" sign is on.
4	Matthews has its charms, but having a KK in its vicinity is definitely a plus!  This location is off of Independence... it's got a drive through and a "Hot Now" sign that almost always causes me to veer off of the busy road and pull in to get a box (or five) of sweet treats.Recently, I've been going here a lot since I've had a lot of "out of town visitors" and what is not better to end a breakfast meal with some warm, freshly made KK donuts.  I was a little sad to see that this location is going to be temporarily closed for about 4 months as they rebuild the location and "position the building in a better way to serve customers".  I'm not sure if that means a bigger location (score!) or if they will just position the drive-thru so that you don't' get run over while trying to get your Hot Now donuts.As far as the staff here goes, I've not had a bad experience and all the workers (however early it is in the morning) greet you warmly and make sure you have a good experience.  There is a small dining area (hopefully will be expanded in the new building) with about 5-6 tables so you can eat your donuts and grab a coffee for a little while.Last time I "dinned in" there was a water leak? or something that caused the floor to be wet, but hopefully they can fix that once they are done with the remodel/update/construction.  In the mean time, I'll have to drive to Cotswold for the time being, but I am excited to see this KK open its doors again.
5	When it comes to Krispy Kreme there are a lot of mixed reviews out there. Generally speaking, folks either hate it or love it. The haters generally prefer a different type of doughnut in their lives. Perhaps a more filling, cakier and not so sweet doughnut (see also: Dunkin' Donuts). And the lovers, well they don't let much get in between them and a dozen hot glazed ones from Krispy dream...I mean Kreme... And to those naysayers, every time they say nay, to them I say "C'mon!...C'moooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnn!!""It's Krispy friggin Kreme bro."Internationally renowned, they sell these doughnuts for a buck fifty in Tokyo, Japan to staggering zig-zagged lines of sweet toothed fanatics outside the world's busiest train station. A BUCK FIFTY! Here in the states we ought to take advantage of the fact that we can get these sweet babies for half of that.Krispy Kreme streets an array of flavors, toppings and fillings. The custards and creams and jellies all pumped into that light and fluffy yeasty pocket that nobody can disagree simply melts in your mouth. Sometimes you want the mixed dozen - still you won't pay more than a-dollar-a-donut. But most often. Even on a stomach packed full and ready to spew, I can always find room for a warm, glazed original.
3	The donuts themselves are amazing but it looks like this location is falling victim to its own popularity. They redid the interior to expand it which apparently ended up reducing the size of the parking lot. Now you have to get in the same line to park as for the drive-in which means you have to wait in line before you even get inside to wait in line. Then when you leave you have to wait again because the drive-in line prevents you from backing out and getting out of the parking lot. So as much as I love the donuts, especially the chocolate sprinked glazed,  am not eager to return.
5	There is nothing better than a hot, fresh Krispy Kreme plain glazed donut. Nothing!  And the drive-thru is fast. Great....now I'm craving Krispy Kreme.
1	Terrible service.  The lady at the drive thru very unfriendly.  Quiet couldn't even hear here. Seemed like she didn't want to be there. Screwed up our order and after they gave me my drink she said by the way we are out of ice.
