5	We called AZ Preferred Plumbing, LLC on a Sunday afternoon with a kitchen sink that was completely backed up.  They said they could be here within the hour....and they WERE!  Marat was prompt, courteous, professional, and obviously, highly skilled.  He had our kitchen sink draining properly in less than an hour.  We were so impressed with his service that we requested a quote for a water softener when he was done--and his prices were more than fair for EVERYTHING.  Everything from his timing to his estimate to his clean up was perfectly on point. The epitome of great customer service.  I will be recommending this company to all my friends and family, for sure.  In fact, this is the ONLY plumber we will trust from here on out!
5	I have dealt with many, many plumbers with my 1957 house.  No one has even come close to AZ Preferred Plumbing with respect to honesty, prices, care for what they do, etc.  I am a single Mom and struggling and they have HELPED me out of 3 jams now with the most reasonable cost around.  Highly, highly recommend this company.
5	Our water heater went out this morning. We called Az Preferred Plumbing they get us over the phone final price, there were at our House  within an hour installed our new gas water heater. I definitely recommend AZ preferred plumbing and will definitely use them again.
5	Our 12 year old water heater decided to blow at 8pm on January 1st and leak all over my garage-Happy New Year!!!  After being told i'd have to wait 4 days for the home warranty assigned plumber to come out I decided not to let my family have no hot water so I found the Yelp reviews and called AZ Preferred Plumbing.  Marat answered immediately and said he could come within a few hours!  He and Nick showed up (early-with my approval), cautiously removed the old unit, placing it in their truck and installed a drain pan w/ spiggot, new water heater with all the new supply lines.  Every bit of care was taken to ensure a proper installation.  They thoroughly cleaned the areas, stayed for a while to show off the features and to ensure a leakfree job.  Pricing was straightforward and well below some of the other small "Family Owned" businesses I got quotes from (using the same brand and model).  No upsells, only a request to keep them in mind in the future as well.  Invoice was done electronically with a photo of the installation.  I definitely will keep them in mind for any plumbing issue, regardless of having my home warranty.
5	Great Service,I called for a quote and they came by within 15 minutes to take a look at the issue and give me a quote, I then called around and found that they gave me the best deal and could fix the problem today (Sunday) so I had them come back out and they fixed the problem immediately and did a great job.
