5	I give this a 5-star review based solely on the fact that we were allowed to stand on the bridge of the Enterprise-D.The Borg experience also scared the living hell out of a female companion while the "classic" experience was out of this world -- especially with the transporter room.I'm the first to admit that much of this attraction is 100% cheese, but it's just so cool to walk around the corridors of the Enterprise.If there are any future upgrades, I hope that the actual integrate an experience that harkens back to the original series or films!
5	OK I have to confess to being a sci fi fan and sci fi fans will unsurprisingly get the most out of this exhibition. However, I believe that you can enjoy this exhibit even if you're not a hard-core trekkie.It's nice to arrive at the Hilton on the futuristic-ish monorail. The reception hall has models of the various Enterprises hanging from the ceiling with continuous loops of various Star Trek episodes playing on large TV screens. Downstairs you'll find Quark's Bar and the gift shop which can be accessed without a ticket. The food at Quark's had fun names but looked generic and I believe there are better food options.With a ticket, you gain access to a museum of Trek memorabilia and also a timeline of the future integrating all the Star Trek franchises. Absolutely fascinating for someone like me but I can see that it won't be as much fun for non sci fi buffs.However, the real core of the Star Trek Experience lies with its 2 walkthrough experiences. You can choose to do either or both with your ticket choice. Now to really enjoy these, you have suspend belief and just go with it - pretend you're in an episode. I don't understand people who go into something like this with a cynical attitude from the start.I liked the original Klingon experience - highlights being able to stand on the bridge of the Enterprise and the transporter room. It ends in a motion type simulator for a wild ride back to Earth - guess which town you end up landing in!?However, for me, I preferred the Borg experience. You have to watch carefully to see what happens to all your fellow crewmen when the Borg attack. The highlight was the feeling of being assimilated - don't want to spoil the surprise.Both rides ended back in the gift shop. I spent a good 2 hours in there. The reason I'm awarding it 5 stars is the attention to detail. There are actors wandering round the whole Experience area dressed in full klingon/Borg gear and they stay completely in character the whole time. For example, the klingons speak fluent klingon I only know a few words) and maintain a superior air in the tone of their conversation to you.So 5 stars for trekkies and 4 stars for the non-assimilated.
4	Like, Oh my god !  This place is nerdom in Vegas. Most people go to a strip club and drop $800 on a girl named Molly Mounds, I go to Star Trek and drop $300 on Geek ass shit. 2 Beer Glasses (federation seal on them), 2 T-Shirts, Captain's package ride (Ha Ha that sounds hella gay!), 2 personal photos on the sets, Dinner and a Warp Core in Quarks Bar, Gifts, and finally some Dilithium Crystal keychains for friends.....Yup Molly and her fake boobs can bounce her ass over to the Klingons dancing at Pure or Fluid or those other dumb clubs, I'm a geek for life and this was my Starship of sanity in the shit hole that is LAS VEGAS.
5	Yes, I admit it.  I'm a semi-Trekkie, of the TNG series that is.  We took the cab ride out to the LV Hilton from the main strip just to see this.  I loved it.  My favorite part?  Ending up on the bridge from TNG.  It's been a few years, so I don't know if they've updated it.  I really liked the simulation ride too.If you're a big fan, or just interested in seeing what the big deal is with Star Trek, just check it out.  A fun time to be had by all.
2	Totally forgot to Yelp about the Star Trek Experience during my recent trip to Las Vegas.  My friend and I, both Trek fans, decided to spend the day here.  We get there and made our entrance.  I do have to say that it was impressive.  You could spend hours reading everything in this cool museum filled with all these Star Trek artifacts.Me, I was snapping pictures on anything related to Star Trek: Voyager.  (The best of them all!  Na-na na-na boo-boo!)So, if everything was great, why the 2 stars?  Well!  The rides were just not Deaf-friendly.  Most shows have scripts ready for Deaf people or at least, provide interpreters.  And those that don't provide any kind of accommodations, we'd either get a discount or get our money back.  My friend and I suffered through one of the shows (the Borg show), missing out on everything.  Although, the 3-D (or rather 4-D) stimulations were interesting.After the show and a look-through the gift shop, we headed back up the front to get our money back, even if it was partial.  Oh no, they wouldn't even dare think about refunding our money.  They were dead set on the non-refundable policy, regardless of what may come.  Even the manager wouldn't even consider our request.So, that just left a bitter taste in our mouths of how these people at the Star Trek Experience were not understanding or even willing to listen to our experience.  Blah!For fun, I suggest you check out the Cirque de Soliel shows...
5	I am an uber-Trekkie and going to Star Trek the Experience was definitely a pilgrimage for me. I was so excited and I knew it was going to be the best part of going to Vegas for me. I am so happy that I was not disappointed. Since my girlfriend (who I have converted into a Trek fan as well) and I were getting cheap tickets from one of the half price ticket places anyway, we decided to go all out and get the full package with both rides (Klingon Encounter and Borg 4D) and the backstage tour. I will take my review in parts.The rides are fully immersive with characters in full costume, awesome special effects(some that you see on the screen and some that you experience yourself), and super detailed sets. You will not believe it when they "beam you up." It is one of the coolest effects that I have ever seen. If you like Star Trek, sci-fi in general, or are just a thrill ride enthusiast, you NEED to do the rides at ST: the Experience. I will say though that young children will enjoy the Klingon Encounter, but could get scared on the Borg 4D ride. Just a heads up.The backstage tour was really fascinating as you see how everything works on the rides including how they beam you up like I mentioned before. A lot goes into those rides, both from the people working there and the technology that makes it all possible, and the tour made me really appreciate the rides even more. It was also awesome since our guide was a real Trekkie as well so he knew what he was talking about. My only problem is that they told us we could take as many pictures as we wanted, except when we wanted to take a picture on the Enterprise bridge, that wasn't allowed.Lastly, the gift shop, where you are deposited after the rides, has an awesome selection of everything Star Trek. I picked up a couple great shirts and some Romulan Ale.
3	Hmm, what to call it... a show? a ride? both?I have mixed feelings about "Star Trek: The Experience". As a life long star trek fan, I enjoyed getting to see the exhibits of uniforms and props, but there was no indication on the signs about whether they were original authentic props or they were created specially for the museum. I would guess it was a mix of each, but they didn't say: the signs on them were trying to hard to be clever by being written as if they were in a museum in the distant future. Cute, but unhelpful.I went on the Klingon Encounter ride, not the Borg one, although you have to pay for both. I chose the Klingon one first because I never much cared for the Borg episodes, and then afterward I didn't have time to go on the other ride. Despite the ride itself being only about 20 minutes, you have to wait for it to start, and then if you're going back, make your way back and wait for the other ride. Unfortunately, I didn't have time for both.Klingon Encounter was fun, mostly. I won't spoil the details, but let's just say that it's as close as any of us is going to come to really visiting the world of ST:TNG. It was slightly hokey, but pretty well done overall, with some impressive live special effects. There is a motion simulator ride as part of Klingon Encounter. While it was in some ways fun, I did start to feel that I was being jerked around rather a lot, and by the end of it I did feel a tiny bit nauseous. The weak-stomached are hereby warned. (I'm normally not subject to motion sickness, if that tells you anything.) I did pay the extra fee to have my photo taken on one of the sets. Warning: This eats a lot of time. You have to wait for the time that they're doing it, which may interfere with your schedule for seeing the other of the two "rides", or may just be at an inconvenient time. (It's every half hour. If you've just missed it, you're waiting 25+ minutes.) Then it takes half an hour or so for the photos to actually be taken, and then you have to wait while they're printed and put into folios en masse before you get your print. I'm not sure they can make this a lot faster, but if you are in a rush like I was, it's a problem.Overall I'd suggest it to trekkie friends, but I do wish the whole thing was a little cheaper, and better organized not to take half the day.
4	Two rides, a museum (you wind through this on your way to the rides, it's cool for Trek afficiandos), a restaurant and bar, and the obligatory gift shop make up the Experience.One ride, Borg Invasion 4D, is cheaper than a Chinese massage - though at $40/ticket - probably not, but the gift shop items are cool, like their shotglasses, and who doesn't want a Borg teddy bear? Speaking of massages, when the Borg Queen mind-rapes you, you might get a butt-kneading or have puffs of air blown into your neck - talk about an awkwardly immersive ride! It was amusing to see a Borg drone shank a redshirt like a bitch in person. Oh, and the shuttlecraft pilot (she mysteriously vanishes during part of the show) is cute too.The other ride, Klingon Encounter, isn't as scandalous as its tongue-in-cheek name, and in fact tamer. The shuttlecraft video portion is a bit dated and low-res, but being transported to the Enterprise, walking through its halls, and standing on its bridge - you can get married here - is a hoot. We were warned not to touch the controls, which made a few of us chuckle.The Star Trek Experience is perfect for Trekkies (anyone else will be like WTF) and as a bonus, after buying a ticket, you can ride the rides ad nauseam.
3	I think you need to be really into Star Trek...or be young enough to not be so jaded about the whole experience.Sort of a mix of a show and a ride...Yeah...it's your thing...
3	My boyfriend is a closet Star Trek fan and I do enjoy an episode or too for fun.  Trekkies will love this, non trekkies will at least find the ride entertaining.The admission price is a bit steep, but I must admit the museum and the 4-D experience are well executed.  Make sure to use the coupon from the free 24-7 Las Vegas books and save some green.  The gift store and restaurant is a hoot. Have fun.
4	We went during the TREKKIE convention last weekend and saw this tent card ;"Free entrance to the Star trek Experience by participating in a Blood Drive on Monday August 18 from 10am to 5 pm in the Captains Lounge.  For info go to www.bloodhero.com Sponsor code is Star Trek or call 702-562-2166.I recommend at least checking out Quark's bar before they both close on Sept. 1st!
5	The experience will close forever on September 1 2008.  To all the actors and crew who ran the experience and made it a Star Trek Nerds dream come true, Thank you.It was worth every cent to ride the ride, go behind the scene's and also to get my picture taken in 'the chair'.You will be fondly remembered and missed.
4	Many people don't understand that once you buy a ticket you can ride the rides over and over.  Which is great, because the first time you are just wondering what the heck is going on.  Then the second time you can have the fun of the expected anticipation.  Then, if you ride it again you might end up on the ride with a child who says, "Ohhh, I've never been in space before!"  That is always cute.  My husband and I just went to say good-bye and I didn't realize that it would be so sad.  Las Vegas is a bit far for us to go every weekend, but to some people the bar in the experience is the bar that they hang out at.  And there are people from all over the world.  A lot of the actors and employees have been there since it opened.  So it was very sad.  There was a sad emotional current running through the place.  A lot of weddings will not occur in space as planned.  Sad that the studio decided to close the place.  It will be missed because it was an awesome experience.
5	Aw, I just read an article that said the Experience is closing its doors today.  Very sad.  I'm glad I was able to enjoy it once.  Still awesome that I was able to 'beam' up to the bridge.  I'm not a huge Trekkie.  I only got into it when TNG was on the air, but still - it scooped me into the world of Star Trek from that point on.It will be sad to see it go.  Hopefully our paths will cross again elsewhere.
5	When I was a teenager and still totally into comic books I would go to these comic conventions at hotels back in the late 80's.  Sometimes these comic conventions would mix with Star Trek conventions so the crowds would sorta blend in.People would dress up as Star Trek characters, Star Wars characters, there'd be all sorts of Star Trek stuff on sale - posters, glossy photos, replica phasers, uniforms, scripts....and comic books.A lot of the time, you would even get to meet your favorite Star Trek or movie character and actually get an autograph and picture with them as well.You could just lose yourself in this whole other world, it wasn't the real world and the problems that come with that!  And maybe that's what made it fun.In this place it was OK to be geeky and not super beautiful.  It was OK to actually like science fiction and comic books.  You didn't have to be popular or special.  So, it's with sadness that I read that Star Trek: The Experience is closing it's doors permanently.I visited this place back in November of 2005 and it was a blast!The tour, Quarks bar, the Borg experience, it was great.  But the one thing that totally rocks about that visit was........I sat in the Enterprise Captain's chair..........me, captain of the Enterprise................and I still have the photo!It's something that will never happen again once they close the doors tonight, but I get to keep that memory foreverrrrrrrr!Hailing Frequencies Closed.
5	closed !?!?!?!?    no !!!!!!!!you Hilton mofo's better open up a kick-ass replacement !
5	Sadly, this spot closed it's doors September 1st, 2008. According to CNN (http://www.cnn.com/2008/TRAVEL/09/01/star.trek.voyage.ending.ap/index.html), "the attraction's owner ... and the Las Vegas Hilton, its landlord, couldn't agree on a new lease". C'mon, really?Looks like my lifelong dream -- marrying a hottie Trek fan on the bridge of the Starship Enterprise (and then having the marriage immediately annulled) -- has been crushed.Who wouldn't want to get married on the Enterprise?
4	I've been a Trekkie (that's right, vintage Trekkie, NOT new ageTrekker) for 35 years.   I have every episode of every series on dvd, as well as every movie.  Also collect NIB or MOC action figures (over 325 of them).  Have never been to a Star Trek convention, and I don't wear the uniforms and pointy ears and all that nonsense.That being said, I couldn't wait for an opportunity to visit Star Trek:  The Experience.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen until March, 2007, with a return visit in July, 2008.......but now it's gone!!  What other reason could there be to visit the off-strip Hilton??  This was a Trekkie's paradise.  A bit pricey I thought, but lots of paraphernalia to examine (uniforms, props, gadgets, and aliens).  I thought both rides were pretty cool too.  I spent a long time gawking at everything on display.  Quark's bar was quite different too....but the service sucked when I was there.  Heard some rumors that the attraction was going to be re-constituted in some form at the Neonpolis downtown on Fremont St.    I sure hope so.In the meantime, RIP Star Trek:  The Experience.
5	There is a star trek exhibition in San Jose at thetech.org museum, is this pieces from the old experience???
