4	Having dined at Wildcraft (another Charcoal Group establishment), I'd intended to head over to Martini's for a late-evening road-warrior soup-and-salad-at-the-bar.  Having just driven in from 5 hours away, I was wearing jeans - and the door to Martini's scared me off with its "PROPER ATTIRE REQUIRED" sign.I'd seen a group of women standing outside of del Dente (wearing jeans) and figured I'd be safe there... even though the door was emblazoned with the same intimidating notice.  (There are three Charcoal Group restaurants in this compound - Charcoal Steakhouse, Martini's and del Dente)Billed as "casual Italian," del Dente greets diners with a warm atmosphere (for what is essentially the basement underneath the other establishments).  Dark wood, fake vines, the whole thing.  The obligatory bread is served playfully in flowerpots - I found it both crusty and refreshingly soft.  A trio of flavoured (look, Mom, I'm localised!)  butters accompanies - tonight, the mortarboard consisted of roasted red pepper, herb and garlic, and cinnamon.  The menu consisted mostly of pasta, salad, appetizers and pizza, with a single soup (apple & pumpkin?!?) and a short list of fish, poultry and meat-based entrees.  I had a small portion of the Limoncello shrimp pasta, which was served with a pesto.  The pasta is of good quality, and the shrimp was well-prepared.  I'm not sure if I got the Limoncello connection (as much as I love Limoncello!) but it's an interesting idea, anyhow.The service was friendly - maybe a bit TOO friendly.  The server was trying to convince two female business travelers to join him for his birthday party at Milton's across the street after work.  The crowd was youth-biased and Kitchener cosmopolitan.All-in-all, a fine place for a business meal on the road.  They even had Monday night football on (muted, of course, to further your enjoyment of the house music - and yes, I mean house like dancy trancy, not like house wine - that is the del Dente soundtrack) above the bar - where full dinner service is available.
4	By far, my favorite restaurant, and what an excellent place to take a date. It's hip, trendy, cool, fun, delicious, beautiful, romantic all in one package. The decor is so cool, service is polite and friendly. I have dined here nearly 15 times now, and food has only been disappointing twice. Clientele range from 20s to 40s, of course there are others but I have seen a large majority in this range. That age group also dresses very well, and I mean "modern". Men dress kind of blazer and shirt type, and girls dresses. Everyone looks hot.
4	We had a great experience!  I loved the bread in the flower pots and the different flavoured butter (especially the apple cinnamon butter).  All of the food we ordered was outstanding!  The service was fantastic!  Our server was adorable and catered to our every whim.  She even brought us four glasses of complementary champagne when we told her we were celebrating!  Personally, I thought the atmosphere was a little cheesy, but still very nice.I would highly recommend Del Dente!
4	I came here for my birthday last year with a friend.  I was actually quite excited due to the other reviews that I've seen on various websites.Firstly, the waiter that we had was friendly and was very enjoyable to talk to.  Food took a bit longer to come by, however, it was a great experience.The bread and spreads that they offered as a starter at del Dente was AMAZING.  The bread is baked in a flowerpot, so that was quite different.  They offered a few different types of spreads for your bread - including garlic, and an apple-cinammon one.  We started off with the "fish cakes" - which were Breaded crab & whitefish cakes.  It was pretty good considering that I'm not a huge fan of crab cakes.  I ordered the apple poached salmon (which I'm not sure if it's still on the menu now).  It wasn't the best salmon I've ever had, but it sufficed.  My friend had the lamb sirloin, and according to him - it was delicious.For dessert: we ordered the del Dente's cheesecake creation with orange coulis.  It was quite impressive.All-in-all, a great experience with the service and the food.  I think next time, I shall try out one of the pastas!
3	Great food and drinks, but the wait staff was horrible. Eat half my dinner with and empty glass.
3	We have been fans of Del Dente for years, but our last visit felt like they have slipped a bit in terms of the wait staff.  The pastas we ordered were very good.  Our waitress seemed like she just wanted to get done her shift - didn't seem friendly or attentive.
5	Had a dinner here with my brother. I ordered a blue crab/bacon linguine with a honey brown beer. It came with piping hot fresh bread, the beer had a hint of sweetness but not enough to distract, and the linguine was excellent. The server was also very friendly and respectful. I would go back there again if I went to Waterloo.
4	Went for their New Year's Eve set-menu dinner. Was a little disappointed that there was not a pasta option available on their set menu (I know they are situated within Charcoal Steakhouse, but I was hoping that they would have at least 1 pasta option as that is what they promote on regular nights). Service was very good. The drinks from the bar were delivered to our table very quickly, but their mixed drinks did contain too much ice and became watered down very quickly. Would absolutely go back on another night to try their regular menu.
3	2014-Mar-08It had certainly been a while since my last visit, and I'm happy to say there haven't been any major changes other than the menu.Still a warm and cozy atmosphere and professional, friendly service. It's nice to be reminded of what I like about the place. Prices reflect the quality quite nicely.All-in-all, a happy reunion with an old friend.
4	My boyfriend and I made reservations here for our anniversary, and based on the website it looked like a moderately upscale but not too frilly Italian restaurant. My impression slightly changed when I walked inside - it had more casual decor than I expected and was filled with families and kids. My first thought was "Oh no, I've walked into East Side Mario's". But my perception was once again changed by the food.To start they brought us out bread. But not just any bread. This bread was freshly baked in house and served warm with two types of butters: herb and apple cinnamon. I expected a mediocre factory made bread, so this really impressed me.For my appetizer I had the Villagio salad with mixed greens, olives, cucumber, grape tomatoes, pickled fennel, balsamic port vinaigrette, and Woolwich goat cheese. I liked that this wasn't just your average Mediterranean salad - the pickled fennel made it really unique and added a great bite to the dish. Also the use of local ingredients was nice to see!For my main I had a pizza with San Marzano tomato sauce, local prosciutto, Ontario fior de latte, and lemon truffle arugula - an ordinary pizza made extraordinary by the thick, flavourful prosciutto and soft local cheese. We finished off the meal with a complimentary dessert to celebrate our anniversary - the gesture was really appreciated! It was a house made ricotta cheesecake with orange and lemon marmalade and salted caramel brittle. I loved this twist on cheesecake - the ricotta added such a nice texture and richness.This place may seem ordinary at first glance, but it is definitely worth a visit!
4	RESTAURANTThe restaurant looks nice and clean. SERVICEThe service staff was really great! Super friendly, attentive and always cheerful! FOODI had salmon which was a bit overcooked for my taste but otherwise the whole dish was yummy and I just wish I could have eaten more. The pizza really looked delicious! Even better when you can create your own pizza! I think that was only on one day in the week though.CONCLUSIONThis is a really nice restaurant. You get some quality food and the price is not bad either. I come back for the pizza!
