1	Very bad experience with this location.  They tried to sell me other services as well as a Firestone card., and did not do a good job on the service I had them do.  I had left me car with them for an afternoon, and my car was not ready when I went to pick it up at their closing time.    They also wanted to charge me $35 for wiper blades, which I can do myself thank you.
5	I love this Firestone, first reason(s) there is a McDonald's right beside it, so I can either lug my laptop and hang out in MickyDs or schlep over to Compare Foods across the street. This alone makes me happy and maybe a little too happy to go get my car worked on. Secondly, they are honest, I tell them what I think is wrong with my car and instead of being like- cool, we'll fix it, they're like, "that's probably not it, considering the low miles on your car" Then fix my problem to the tune of $30. So I am happy to drive to Arrowood and pass many places to support their business. One more thing about this location, they are really nice about telling you about coupons or specials instead of don't ask, don't tell policy in most places.
2	My GF brings her car here for car care. Not really sure why, other than Location.Not sure why it cost 25 - 30 bucks more for an oil change than other places.  Not sure what kind of Magic Sprinkle Dust they use.They mail u coupons buttttt still the prices are still higher than Jiffy Lube, AAA etc. I guess the More money spent the better the service or quality. Ummm idk bout that.I'm still waiting for my oil change. And tire rotation.Dropped the car off at 9:50am.. its 12:20 (I'm typing this review while I'm waiting.  I've dropped the car off, walked to the train, took it to Bland St (Midnight Dinner .. see review),  ate, walked around, cought the train back... and STILL WAITINGB4 u go there. There were NO cars waiting. I just ask if they had earlier appointments .. answer simply put.. Uuhhhhmm yeah. But none this morning and they are kinda like a DR. APPOINTMENTS... WTH???
5	Excellent customer service today from Tom at this location!I had called ahead to see if I could get my 4runner in today, after having a terrible experience at the Rea Rd Firestone the night before, and spoke with Tom.  (Long story short, I went to Rea Rd, where I bought my tires less than a year ago, with the tire pressure light on and left with it on because of laziness or I don't know what - the employee was not helpful and was kind of rude).  Tom said to bring it by and ask for him and he would help me out.  When I walked in, he greeted me and said he had talked to me earlier and he would get me straightened out and on my way.Looking at the truck, he mentioned that Toyota also has a tire pressure sensor in the spare tire and that was probably the issue.  I said that since the guy at the other location didn't do a very good job checking it out, if he could please make sure there were no other nails/screws/etc. in them, I would appreciate it.Bill, the technician, quickly took my truck back and put it on the lift.  He checked all of the tires and pulled the spare off.  Turns out that the spare only had 18 pounds in it, when it needed 32.  Why the guy from the other location, upon seeing the light still on when he pulled my truck around because he was "done" last night didn't check this, I have no idea.  The entire process may have taken 15 minutes and everyone was very helpful and friendly, even though I wasn't spending big bucks there.Since this location is so close to my office (and Tonya P. gave it a great review), I will be returning here for all of my work from now on.  Tom and Bill (and I believe the other young lady working the desk was named Nicole?) were all very friendly and helpful.  And they didn't talk to me like I was an asshole like the guy at the other location did, so big points for that.
5	SUPERIOR Service and fast response ... I just walked in and didn't have time to finish my Yelp check in when they had the answer and new battery ready to load up - WOW Love these guys;) The mechanic literally remembered my car Bumblb and asked about it ... Seriously !
