5	Jimmy John's never disappoints! It's always so fresh and so delicious!
1	Went there with my family, placed an order for over $30.00. One of the girls wrote the wrong number on the sub and acted like it was my fault. Went back to the counter to buy something else and another girl at the counter acted like I was bothering her. Very bad customer service. I get treated a lot better at subway. Will never go there again.
4	For a chain sub sandwich joint it hits the spot, I was surprised with how much I really liked it. . Fresh bread that isn't too thick and 8 inch's is perfect. Better meat and more meat than subway. Good ingredients and it all tasted really fresh. They're sub choices are good but, wish they had more selection but, it's probably how they keep the prices down. Also they have what they call slim sandwiches, which is any sub without all the produce and fixings. Works out great for my kids and cheaper. You can also order any sub locarb, instead of bread it's all wrapped up in lettuce.
3	I have heard about Jimmy John's since they opened in Phoenix recently.  I finally stopped in for lunch one day.  It was kind of busy.  There were a lot of people standing around waiting for food and all the tables were taken.  There is absolutely no where to stand and wait for food without being in someone's way.  They need a better system!And then as you are standing around, you can not even understand the person who is yelling out which sandwich is ready to be picked up.  us customers kept looking at each others saying, "what'd he say?"  "Is that yours or mine?"I couldn't believe I spent $8 for just a basic sandwich, a pickle, and a bottle of water.  Seemed a bit much if you ask me.  (Although I did like that they sold big pickles!  Yum!)It was a good sandwich, but a little expensive for a basic lunch sandwich.  Hell, even $4 would have been too much in my opinion.It was good, but I'm not rushing back anytime soon to spend $10 on a sandwich for lunch.
2	Sub was pretty good, nothing special or gourmet, but still good. I had the "Giant" italian sub that seemed pretty standard to me. It was supposed to have double the meat and judging by the name  I guess i was expecting  little more than a standard 8" average - meated sub. My problem wasnt with the food, I was with the rude little punk at the register. I had never been there and was a little confused about the ordering system and he treated me like I was stupid, and a few minutes later when i asked for the sauce on the side he stated they dont do that and then proceeded to ignore me when I began to ask another question. I definitely wont be back, especially to this location.
2	I ordered a #5 "The Vito". I was impressed by the quick service however the sandwich was mediocre. The bread was kind of dry and was ripped so it fell apart a little as I was eating it. Not bad, but nothing I need to go back for anytime soon.
2	I had heard great things about this chain.  This particular loctation didn't have any waiting area .  I wasn't impressed with the staff at all.  The 2 cashiers weren't very friendly and never gave me a total or asked if I wanted a receipt.  My sandwich was good, but I feel it was over priced for what I got.  My husband asked for no tomatoes or onions and received extra of both.  I was shocked when we asked for pickles and we were told they don't do sliced pickles.  There seemed to be a lot of people working behind the counter, almost too many as they were bumping into eachother.  I would give it one more try and then decide after that if I would go back.
4	We like to get office lunches from here.  Wish they delivered to our area because we would order it more.  Staff is always friendly!
5	I order delivery a lot from here.They keep up to their freakishly fast delivery because I live so close. Sandwiches are always great.I cannot think of any orders they have messed up or forgotten anything.
4	Good size sub, good taste and super quick service so how could you go wrong
1	What a great business model: 1. Hire young kids to work the counter who have no training in customer service. 2. Overcharge for sandwiches with absolutely no spoken or obvious options. (If they exist this is news to me.) 3. Offer delivery, but confine it to a 1/4 mile square area. (Basically the area of the shopping center they're located in.)Yup, looks like this place will be another victim of a trend. I will usually visit a place multiple times if I'm told that it's something special even if the first experience is something less than ideal. This location has let me down so many times with poor customer service the likelihood of a return visit is completely null and void. Hey Jimmy, you should try and rethink and regroup on this one buddy. Trends only last for a short while and fade away with phone books and record players. You may have your time, but it won't last with this formula.
1	Went there for the first time tonight. Bunch of kids behind the counter. The cashier called out sandwich numbers out then walked away. My husband asked for a bag and she told us "bags are self serve". They are behind the counter! Another "tween" even said "we get so busy at lunch, customers just get their own bags". We were the only ones in the store. So we had to get our own bags because the cashier walked away. Food- VERY BLAND. The bread tasted like French bread you get at the grocery store. I had the California. My bread was covered in so much mayo. This is supposed to be a healthy sandwich. Thats all I tasted. Will be sticking with Jersey Mike's, at least they have great subs and their very nice and courteous of their customers.  Staff-VERY UN-COURTEOUS. "Get your own bag". Really?????? We even called the Manager and she just said "Sorry, I know who that was and I'll talk to her". Wow! We saw a commercial for them and didn't realize they were here in the Valley. When we saw a store, we were excited to eat there. Will never eat there again. The service was terrible and the food even worse. We'll be sticking with Jersey Mike's! Jersey Mike's........I wouldn't worry about this place......NO COMPETITION!
3	Not great but they are really quick! Great when you are starving or in a hurry but don't want drive-thu!
1	The employees are very friendly.  The store is small but a little dirty.  I was very disappointed that the sandwich was super thin:  3 maybe 4 thin slices of meat and 2 slices of cheese.  And it was bland.  I could have made that sandwich in my kitchen with cold cuts.  So not worth it!
1	I have given this place a few chances but won't be ordering again. The last time I ordered the girl picked up the phone and answered by saying "Yo". Then it took 45minutes to get my order and I live a half mile away and to top it off it was the wrong order. The subs are so bland it's not even funny! I called to let them know I got the wrong order and the same girl asked me if I could bring it in! Will not order from here again and I will take my business some where else.
5	OK, I was not going to write a review for Jimmy John's but reading the reviews of the "one star haters" inspired me. The service was freakishly fast and my sandwich was tasty. It is true that this establishment is run by not so normal kids. But what kid is normal? I loved their enthusiasm! I loved the classic rock music playing!All you haters have a lot of options. If you can't handle fun, unique, enthusiastic young people, go someplace else.
4	Wow, I'm surprised to read some of the bad reviews! I guess I am biased, because I ate so much JJ's in college 20 yrs ago. For me the bread is great, toppings have always been plentiful, and I really haven't had any issues to speak of. However, I could understand the "JJ's business model" might be off-putting for some. This is a college/young sub shop. If you don't know what you want you probably feel pressured and may even get run over. It does seem everyone is in a hurry here and curt. So, this is not the best place for somebody looking for a quite lunch and a chat with "Sam the sandwich maker" behind the counter.We also habitually get the Beach Club hence we are never surprised, it's always great to us. I have had most sandwiches on the menu - all are good.Also, yes you can save a buck & get a bigger sandwich at other places but, for us this is a quality stop once a month for lunch!
4	Need a whole lot of subs to bring to your client for a lunch meeting? This is your spot. Very reasonable pricing. Handled by phone. Always ready, even if you show up early. Consistent and very good.
5	#9 with hot peppers.  yummmm
5	Super impressed with the speed of delivery and quality of the food. I was super hungry at work and just yelped Delivery. Super easy to order online and got here fast. Definitly ordering from here again!
4	Sometimes, nothing beats a good old fashioned sandwich. The bread was fresh the meats and cheeses were tasty, the veggies were crisp. Cannot wait to try another one. And the service WAS surprisingly fast.
3	I have tried Jimmy John's once before and wasn't impressed by my sandwich. After ordering it along with a group of coworkers and trying something else I must say it has raised the bar for my Jimmy John's experience. Still not my favorite sub place but I definitely love the convenience of delivery when I don't have time to go for lunch. The bread is a little tougher than I prefer sometimes but their avocado spread is pretty tasty!
2	The #10 Hunters club(Roast Beef) was disappointing. The menu indicates " Medium rare roast beef" but it was more well done and no red or pink at all! I love roast beef but in all 3 Jimmy Johns I have visited they have FAILED to live up to what is stated on the menu....I will now give up ordering RB in the future and try something else.Service was fast.
2	Good food as usual...but disappointed to find no highchairs in the place. Not the best experience as we took turns eating and holding a squirmy 14 month old.  When we asked the staff where the highchairs were, he responded saying someone stole their 1 highchair. So, (1) why did they really only have 1 highchair? And, (2) are they planning to replace it??? It's rather important for those of us with little ones.
2	I normally love jimmy johns but their platters were horrible. My company order from them for an event not only did the miss half the order but the sandwiches were not even made right. One sandwich had a little small piece of ham and the rest was cheese it was very disappointing. The bread was not soft like usual and it really was disappointing because you can tell they didn't even care to make the order right. I don't know of I would ever order a catering event again
4	I order from this Jimmy Johns quite often and I must say they are fast and the food is alway fresh. Definately a good place to get a bite to eat.
1	I was just there today. Where do I start??The staff (EVERYONE WORKING TODAY) was rude. They had no respect for the full building of customers.  The guy on the register was new and I was totally fine with him taking his time so he didn't screw up my order, the kids on the line however, were so mean to him, telling him he needed to hurry and get off the register because it was taking too long.  Umm hello I can hear you there wasn't a line behind me, so cool your jets, and learn some manners! Wouldn't it be smart to ask him of he needed any help? How is he going to learn if you treat him like crap, yell and make fun of him?? Also maybe you should wait for the building to clear out before you bark orders at the new guy to get you this and that while you stand there doing nothing but laugh at him and say (very loudly) you don't want to be here and you don't want to do this or that. I'm sorry but there are plenty of people in need of a job right now that are more then happy to make sandwiches. Also maybe you shouldn't roll your eyes and get attitudes with PAYING customers.  The kid with the justin beiber hair cut who constantly flips his hair (which by the way is gross,  especially since your not wearing a hair net and your basically flipping your nasty hair in peoples food) I'm talking to you! Your rude and need to be fired. I would NEVER talk to a customer the way you talked to a lady today. I heard everything and saw you make fun of her as she walked away. SHAME ON YOU! I will never return to this location
4	Very good sandwiches, with pretty fast service and delivery.  It's easy to order online and have it show up quickly, or pick up.There are lots of sandwich options and they accommodate special requests readily.
