4	Once my friend and I got into a debate about burgers, he was adament about Cook Out, I tried it and it was not good.  We had a bet but we never actually had the official burger showdown.  The other day I was craving a chocolate milkshake so I whipped into Cook Out and it was clean, they were friendly, newly remodeled and my milkshake was delish.  So, today, I thought well, maybe I should give this Cook Out another chance, small burger, Cook Out style, chili, mustard, slaw and onion. Regular fry and a small drink. Four dolla, no holla.  That's pretty awesome.I sit outside, sweet tea good, my burger good.  What I really liked about my burger was the steamed bun, reminded me of a beach hamburger wrapped in wax paper. But, you know, the most important Tonya question....French Fry Barometer: Caliente! All and all, Cook Out was pretty decent.So, should I tell my friend about my adventure today? Nahhhh.
4	This place can be dangerous.... for the waistline.  I have a lot of fond memories of Cook-Out near college and late night runs.  This location off of Sardis Rd... used to be a backyard burger but it has been converted (for the better).  Probably the first Cook-Out I have seen that has indoor dining space.I still have yet to try the indoor space, but the drive-thru is great.  It is a bit tricky coming in and out of the parking lot, but the cravings will help you navigate the curbs and corners.You know a shake is good when it is so thick you can't even suck it through a straw!  They are even prepared and give you a plastic spoon to eat it with.  I guess the shake is more of a glorified ice cream served in a tall cup... but it's still great none-the-less.Finally tried the indoor dining room!  Awesome.  I especially liked the worker who handed me my strawberry cheesecake shake.  She told me it was made with "so much love."  I could tell by the way I practically inhaled it.  I made it a point to tell her how good the shake was on the way out.
2	Maybe I'm spoiled by California's selection of fast food establishments (especially our burgers), but Cook Out didn't really do much for me. They're cheap and fast, but just alright in the quality department. I don't know what this "cheddar cheese" of theirs is really made of, but I think "cheddar" is a misnomer and I wish I had omitted it from my chilidog. Live and learn, right?On the milkshake front, I was equally disappointed by the overly sweet, not-enough-banana flavor of my banana cream pie shake. I think that's what I had, anyway. The flavor was mostly nondescript sweetness with a hint of something banana like, so I'm really not entirely sure of what it is I had.I suppose, in the end, I'm saying that I wouldn't go out of my way to go to a Cook Out location if you're not a local. And especially not if you're from California -- it won't meet the standards you're already used to, neither in quality nor taste. Skip it unless you're out of other options.
3	Cook Out is a place we frequent for a quick bite to eat.  Typically, I get the burger platter.  You can have it your way which is good for the finicky eater. As I was eating my burger, I decided Cook Out needs to upgrade.  Shouldn't a burger at a burger joint be something you want to talk about to everyone you meet?  This is not the case.  Mind you, service was fantastic (aside from a few gnats in the restaurant).  I think Cook Out should 'up' their burgers to be some of the best burgers you can get rather than serving up 'just burgers.'
3	Great burgers and shakes.  Too many flavors of milk shake so be prepared to study the list of concoctions.Little hamburgers at 1/8 ounce up to a real burger at 8 ounces.  Two other sizes in between.  Also hot dogs served with chile, gobs of oozy gooey nacho cheese and more.Comfort food extraordinary.  Yes, this is not the place for diet, although you can get unsweet tea and diet sodas.  Enjoy. Religious music in the background and Biblical references on the foam cups.
4	Very good food, just the outside does nit seem apealing
4	This is top-rate fast food. I grew up in NC and had no idea this place existed. Apparently they still don't have an internet presence and the only sites with CookOut information are fan sites. Whoa! That's nuts. We went with the whole family and got tons of food. It was fast and delicious. The cheerwine float was an interesting take on an old classic - and who doesn't love cheerwine? - and the milkshakes are just plain awesome. I tried a peach and a pineapple milkshake and they were both terrific. I'd never hesitate to get the shake here - they're cheap and among the better ones I've ever had (unlike, say, McDonald's, they taste like "real" food).I had a plain chicken sandwich along with a side of slaw and hush puppies. The hush puppies were unremarkable, but the slaw was surprisingly good and the chicken sandwich tasted like a real chicken sandwich. I think what we most liked about CookOut was how genuine the food seems - it's fast food but it doesn't feel processed like the more notable chains.And, best of all, we paid about $5 a head for 6 people. It's crazy crazy cheap. And still delicious!
5	You guys.  I love Cook Out.  This is the only location I've been to so I can't really compare it to other ones and this review is more for the whole chain than this particular place.  Ridiculously cheap for a whole meal's worth of food that tastes like real food, not like processed mush that has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours!  Fresh hush puppies, freshly grilled chicken breast which is obviously chicken, customize everything as you like it.  And the milkshakes!  Loved the pineapple and peach ones, lots of flavor and a good thick texture.A comparable thing in SoCal would be Habit, which will set you back about twice as much (maybe a little more if you get the shake).  Also, if you're curious, there's free wifi!
4	I go to this location very frequently. Dine in and drive-thru.Their food is absolutely delicious. My favorite items are the Cheddar Style Burger, French Fries with cheese, Hush puppies, Coleslaw, Chicken Nuggets.. it's all good!They could up the customer service a bit, but the food has never been disappointing. I also love how they play Christian music in the restaurant, and there's bible passages on the cups and stuff. Also, fantastic milkshakes.
4	Always yummy! Although the food is cheap, there is no slacking off in quality. The milkshakes in particular are outstanding (I usually get the mint Oreo).
5	Forget Chik-fil-A!  How can this place be so cheap and awesome?  I've only had the chicken sandwich, but it tastes sooooooo good!  Just like home-cooked chicken on the grill in your backyard...Minus the bugs.The sides are hilarious-  corndog, quesadilla, chicken nuggets...  Typical concession food...  I go here for the CHICKEN!$4.99 for drink, sandwich, two sides.  Love it.  I eat at this chain every time i visit charlotte.  I wish they had these in atlanta!
4	Tasty burgers. Yummy shakes (truly) made with fresh peanut butter and other goodies. Oh-so-tasty fresh cut fries. Super-clean. Friendly staff. Cheap.
1	One star because I ate here and didn't die - actually only tried to eat it, really I had to throw most of it in the garbage. Why did I even try? Circumstances, I was famished and didn't have time to go elsewhere. I think it was BBQ pork and fries? not sure it tasted of ketchup and grease. Honestly I'd compare it to the greasy, stale food sold at third rate county fairs. Cook out has been in business for 24 years with over 100 locations this sums it up: http://cookoutnc.com/index.php?action=nutrition  Coming soon??? Never. IOW marketing slop to people who don't know or care what they eat.
3	Hello friends,Short & SweetNothing stands out (for the good or bad) for this location. Good food. I've yet to try the milkshakes.. and i don't really know why. I must try them soon.Go enjoy,TTFN
1	My husband and I go there because the food is good which is the only reason I give it one stars but this location slacks! I'm always missing something and having to go back. Not once have they gave me everything I order or they mess up my husbands Texas cheese and chili fries. The staff always looks like dandruff is all over them and they make you wait forever just to take your order if you order from the walk up window outside. I don't recommend ever going to this location.
