5	Whee!  A place to find hard-to-fit sizes that are functional, fashionable and unique, all with super friendly knowledgable staff. I'm a new fan of IC London again.  The new store (consolidates from East Boulevard and Ballantyne) is bright and fresh, and the selection seems bigger (or at least it's organized better so you can see the options). Along with the white, nude and black basics, this new incarnation of ICL include some really fun colors and unique brands from France and specialty lines.  As someone who wears a unique size, you'll find it here, and get excellent service in getting fitted.  The ladies here are much more attentive and knowledgeable about fitting than any department store, hands down.  (Check your modesty at the door!) Note:  keep an eye out for coupons/check-in deals and sales.  Some bras are over $100 and it's easy to spend big bu-ku here...but for something that fits perfectly and makes you feel great, it's totally worth it.
5	Awesome selection! Owner helped find the perfect gifts.
2	Had a gift certificate that my sister won during a Charlotte event. Gift certificates are like money but I still wasn't allowed to use a coupon with it (which also came from the event). No big deal, moving on. I still wanted to use the gift certificate but it was not easy nor fun to use because the real kicker was the service. Maybe I hit the store on an off day, I don't know. There was no real welcome when I came in with my friend looking for something for my wedding. Finally someone started to help me and she was pretty nice and actually was turning around my first impression. However, another lady showed up some time later and, though I didn't interact with her directly until I was checking out, her attitude towards us was not welcoming nor helpful at all. My friend and I both were disappointed and felt uncomfortable from the overall experience. They also did not have much selection in my size which was annoying because the main reason I wanted to visit was because they advertise a wide range of sizes. Even though it was annoying to me that the selection was lacking, I was told they had recently had a sale so I guess that's not something I can get too picky about. Parking is a little touchy, since it's in a small shopping area outside of South Park Mall, but we got lucky and got a close space. Overall, I don't think the coupon I still have is worth revisiting this store.
5	Helpful employees and great selection. The only place in Charlotte that sells my bra size which is terrible but I'm so glad that I.C. London exists in this city. They can be pricey but they showed me a variety of bras ranging from $50-$100 though I'm sure that there are more options for those whose bra sizes aren't completely bizarre and hard to find. Big fan of this spot.
