5	I really can not wait to spend a couple of hours going though the amazing clothing collection at Sunset Clothing Exchange.  I was there for a short amount of time during my first visit and my eyes were shooting around the store at all of the adorable clothing.  I didn't have a chance to take a good look at the collection of dresses but I definitely liked what I saw.  I did look though much of their tshirt and other blouses and ended up with a really cute black top to add to my collection.  They also had some great shoes and super cute jewelry.  It is on the expensive side, but if you really love it, you will surely be getting what you pay for!
4	after spilling nyquil all over my wallet earlier in the day, i was determined to pick up a new one at some point..after leavining buffalo exchange empty-handed, i thought about going to urban and forking out 15$ for one, but decided to check out this sunset clothing exchange instead..and there i found it, for $4.75...a perfect KREW black wallet - slim and sexy.thank you, sunset.although i had another mission - shoes.how hard can i be to find a pair of all black vans or black creative recreation shoes?very hard, cos neither buffalo nor sunset had any...keep looking i guess? i refuse to fork out the retail price.sunset is very well organized, and much cooler-looking and less chaotic than many second-hand stores i've been to. they had a pretty good selection of shoes, which were all lightly (and i emphasize that) worn..lots of their clothes had tags still on them, and higher prices of around 20 a piece. there were some cool jackets, along with a one-of-a-kind vintage only shirt rack...lots of name brands, popular ones, lots of skate clothes especially..highly recommended. and the counter girl was cool and super cute. :D!
5	There is so much buried treasure in here! Being an avid hater of buffalo exchange, finding out about another second hand store within a couple blocks was amazing. Now, I've never sold anything to Sunset, but the one thing that I can say is that I'm NOT going to have some bitchy nineteen year old hipster buying my thirty dollar shirt for three bucks cash or ten bucks store credit. Screw your store credit. If I wanted a fifteen year old stussy shirt I'ld go to a garage sale in Mesa. The selection at Sunset is very good, and you don't have to go sifting through a pile of hobo rags to find the goods. Also, it's all pretty reasonable priced and in almost new condition, not "gently used by some shitty hobo" condition. That's not even what I really go there for. When I need a quick, totally awesome piece of jewelry that fit's my girlfriends style AND won't cost upwards of fifty or a hundred dollars, this is the holy land. Every time I've swung through casually looking for a gift, I find something more often than not that is better than what I was looking for. People really should shop here more. Not only for the great deals and selection, but also because the employees won't treat you like trash stuck to there yuppie, hipster, leather boots. Instead, you'll be treated like a nice person by some people that probably look like people that would wear yuppie, hipster, leather boots but really they have shiny, pretty, nice people leather boots on instead.
5	This is a great place for trendy designer clothing. Nice selection of designer purses at great prices. It's a very west coast laid back place. Definitely not a cookie cutter store-- it's one of a kind. Owners are great young entrepreneurs you should support. They are hard working people who've put a lot into this business for their customers. They'd love your feedback on how to grow.
3	Not a huge selection, but what they do have is good (a little heavy on western wear). For the most part the people seem friendly and the prices are reasonable.
4	I like this place a lot, however I think it needs a little work.  I love that they have better quality items and more avalibility than Buffalo Exchange, but the artsy design on the inside is cool but kinda half assed.  Overall I really like the concept and am a huge advocate of small business, so I would reccommend it to a friend.
4	Prefer this place over other "clothing exchanges" in the area. Friendly staff...store is usually pretty quiet when I go in which is nice as I cannot stand crowds! Mens selection is a little skimpy .. however when I go there it's usually just to sell. On that note, they pay you 5% more of the retail value of any of your clothing than Buffalo does! And, it's always nice to be able to support local businesses!
4	We checked this place out after going to Buffalo Exchange. Its a totally different atmosphere. Its smaller and less busy. The employees are friendly and helpful. Their selection is by far smaller than Buffalo but the stuff they have is better. I didn't see one piece from Forever 21. They have a lot of stuff from Urban Outfitters, American Apparel, and Michael Kors. Their merchandise is also a lot more affordable than Buffalo. I'll definitely go back and check this place out again!
5	one of if not THE best resale shops in tempe.the store has a smaller selection than BuffX or some other consignment shops but its quality not quantity. Shout out for the $3 rack too!
4	I went here for the first time this weekend after moving down the street. I was super pleased with how great the interior looked and how clean and organized things were. I found two adorable little dresses and a great button down for my boyf. In total, I think I spent $10 and am extremely satisfied. I'll be back!
5	My new favorite place, tons of designer clothes, many with their original price tags for great prices.  Not college student budget style cheap, but if you earn a pyacheck now and find Nordstrom Rack more your style, go. here. now.THANK YOU whoever cleans this store slightly smelling of bleach and does not use incense to cover the smell of dingy clothes.  Ok one more time, THANK YOU.
4	A bit more mature than Buffalo Exchange. Overall price point is higher for items, but no old H&M items in sight. Store's super organized and there's a good $3 sale rack in the back. Great jewelry selection as well. The staff was also friendly and didn't give me a judging "Oh, I think that shirt might be from the Gap" look sometimes present in vintage/consignment stores. I will caution that if you're much over a size 10/12 in women's here, you're probably out-of-luck.
4	Still a fan. I'm incredibly impressed one of the staff even remembered my name and my last purchase on a return visit.
5	I have an unabashed addiction to scoring insane deals on clothing, and Sunset Clothing Exchange is a complete enabler. I stopped in just this last weekend to do some spring shopping and was thrilled at the deals I found. Two French Connection dresses with the tags still on: $128 marked down to $35 each, and two tops and a BCBG skirt with the $78 store tags still on, marked down to $20. Certain brands make frequent appearances here, often times brand new. The owner tells me they have agreements with local boutiques who often have to purge excess or end-of-season garments. Brands include FCUK, Giani Bini, BCBG, Jessica Simpson, Sanctuary and Cynthia Vincent, among many other designers. The selection is much higher end than Buffalo Exchange (or, y'know, Goodwill), meaning that you have to do a lot less browsing to get to the good stuff. The kind folks at Sunset have done all that hard work for you!Perhaps my favorite aspect of Sunset is the apathetic attitude - at first glance, this may seem like I bad thing, but I, for one, am an avid shopper, and like to peruse the racks without being constantly pestered by sales people. The folks at Sunset leave you alone to do your purchasing in peace, but are forthcoming with friendly comments ("Do you work out? Your legs are amazing!") and warm banter when you so engage them. I have been dropping in here for at least two years now, when I get tired of roaming the endless racks at Buffalo Exchange a few blocks down and need to find some cute duds quick. There's free parking out front, the store is never busy, the clothes are designer, the prices are reasonable and they've got some pretty kickass local art up on the walls. Plus, the owner let me shoot (and acted in) a scene for my movie there a few years ago. So how would I describe Sunset Clothing Exchange? I think "chill as fuck" about does it.
4	This place is pretty cool. They sell vintage and used clothes as well as display student artwork. I love that they are more selective in their choices for their store. The merchandise is always in great condition and they tend to have higher end labels. My only complaint is some of the items are a bit pricey for being used.
4	This is an upscale buffalo exchange. The clothes tend to still have their tags and are brand names like Kors, Vera Wang, DKNY, Sevens, French Connection, American Apparel, JCREW, etc. The clothes are in excellent quality too. There is a wide selection of dresses. They are pickier in what they purchase from you, but that is because they have a higher standard. The people who work here are very honest and helpful as well. When you sell back your clothes you can elect to get store credit, where they will give you more money or they will give you cash which will be less than the store credit. The only problem I have with this place is the hours. They never seem to be open when they say they are. It has happened to me a few times where I have gone there at noon or 1 and they are still not open even if the sign says open at 11. It sucks because this place is out of the way for me and when I make the trip out during their normal business hours I expect them to be open.
4	Love, love, love Sunset. They have a rack in way back left of the store with super cheap clothes-- I've bought so many shirts with tags still on them for under 5 bucks. Love their dress and jeans selection.Most of their clothes are high end name brand, with original tags for practically a quarter of their true prices-- a real steal for any bargain shopper.Only downside (-1 star) is that the store isn't always open when their hours say they should be. For example,  I've gone here on two occasions where there were others waiting outside for them to open almost an hour to two hours AFTER  "opening".
1	closed when they should be open on a thursday. Hours of operation in the window and no other sign indicating why it was not open when it should have been, a real shame because my boyfriend and I were from out of town and this was somewhere we wanted to check out before heading home. LAME
