4	I have tried any number of dry cleaners over the last 15 years.  These guys are the ones I always seem to return to.
4	Nothing to look at and no bells and whistles as you enter...however, great service! Also, it's in an awkward location. It's in the back/side of George Pappa's Bowling Alley. It looks like it's been there forever. I enjoy going because the woman that takes my clothes is friendly. I've tried some dry cleaners that only dry clean. It was a relief to me to know that they will launder, add starch, and iron/fold. They also do alterations. Note: they charge double for female shirts. Why, you ask? Well, I was told because the shirts are smaller and they don't fit traditional iron machines (or something). Interesting. I get hopeful that my clothes aren't drenched in chemicals because of the reassuring poster that says "Organic Cleaning" behind the counter. Marketing works, I feel healthier in my clothes.
4	$15 for four shirts but they do a great job.  I've had to haggle several times over whether my shirts are hand pressed or standard press, but so far their workmanship is better than any other dry cleaner in Charlotte.
5	The BEST cleaners.  Awesome service, very fair prices, IMPECCABLE work!  Great location and fast turnaround.
1	Went in today to try a new location closer to my house and asked how much men's shirts were.  I was told $2.10.  This seemed reasonable, so I handed over the shirts I brought in.  The woman behind the counter proceeded to hold up one of my shirts, look at me, and then tell me that because I am tall and my shirts are large that she would not be able to clean my shirts for any less than $4.00 a piece.  $4.00?!?!  I am tall, but I have had my shirts dry cleaned for 10+ years and have NEVER heard of a price gouge due to the size of my shirts...and even if this was an acceptable practice (which it is not), to tell me that you have to charge DOUBLE the standard is absurd.  Needless to say I felt pretty discriminated against and I walked out immediately.  I would advise anyone who is not of average height to not attempt this location as there is a much cleaner dry cleaners right across the street that charges $2.25 a garment....without measuring the customer.
1	I wish I could give them ZERO stars. I took three things there:1. They are cheap and used big pins to attach my skirt to a hanger, instead of using an actual skirt hanger. This put two holes in my brand new skirt.2.They ruined a $400 dress. It had a small spot on it - they did not get the spot out and they took the color out of it so it cannot be fixed by any other dry cleaner.3. They lost my third dress and told me I didn't bring it in. Finally after arguing with them, they searched everywhere and found it. Then they tried to blame it on me and tell me I gave them the wrong name. On top of all of that, they overcharge! I have never in my life been so disgusted with a business.
