2	I've been to this David's Bridal location twice in the past two months; once in mid-January to buy shoes and then this past weekend to buy a bridesmaids dress. Let me break down this review into the two times I have been to this DB.Trip #1 - Shoes: Went on a Sunday afternoon in mid-January. Brides, mom, and friends galore...ahhhh get me out of here ASAP! Thankfully shoes do not require much help so this was a quick trip. The selection isn't huge, but there were enough for me to pick from. I had done some research online before going, so I found the four shoes I liked and tried them on. Settled on a pair and went up to the register. It took me a few minutes to get rung up - this store really needs to clearly mark lanes or do something to tell us where to stand if we are not buying a dress. The salesgirl who rang me up was super friendly and answered all my questions regarding shoe dying. I was in and out of the store within 20 minutes or so. 3.5 stars.Trip #2 - Dress: I decided it was probably time for me to go pick out a dress and order it for the August wedding, so I headed back to DB this past Saturday afternoon with my husband whose very honest opinion I wanted. Now I understand bridesmaids are only the backup singers in a wedding, but seriously it's not reason to completely ignore them when in a store trying to find dresses to try on. It took us almost 20 minutes to find someone to help us out. The store was not that crowded (I think I counted maybe five brides at the most trying dresses on) and there were sales people who would walk by us, not acknowledge us when we tried to get their attention, and then just stand around. Finally we were helped by Amber. She took the list of dresses I had written down, found them for me and set me up in a dressing room. Then she disappeared for the rest of my visit. I don't know if salespeople at DB work on commission, but if they do, she owes her commission from the sale to my husband because he did more work than she did. Luckily I found a really cute dress knee-length dress (note: they do not have very many short - knee length or tea length- dresses in the store...most are long) and got 15% off since my friend bought her wedding gown from DB in Ohio. Again, it was a nightmare trying to get rang up and after 70 minutes in DB from start to finish, we emerged. 1 star.I think the layout of the store is odd and they clearly need more racks for bridesmaid dresses as the racks they have now are packed way too tightly. Also, it would help if they had more sizes in dresses...it was almost impossible to find size 4s to try on and I was stuck trying on 8s for the most part. The register area is small and cramped and they really need to better organize it so people aren't just crowded in no semblence of a line waiting to be rang up.Hopefully my next trip to drop off shoes to be dyed will be quick and painless. I can only hope so.
2	Thank God I'm not the bride.  As it was, if the sales clerk had not walked away to never return again, I would have ended up arrested for assault - that's right, I would have beat her up with organza and taffeta and big ass bows.I'm the Maid of Honor in a wedding taking place out of state, with the bridesmaids all over the country.  So a chain makes sense, everyone can go in, try stuff on and we are all happy, right?Well, apparently David's Bridal only keeps a dress in stock for a few weeks at a time, as every dress we liked was discontinued as soon as we reached a consensus.  Finally, we had the dress picked out, and I went in to try it on.  I'm generously endowed up top, and not all dresses are cut for girls with boobs (that's right, I'm willing to admit it.)  So anyhow, I should have been an easy sale, I walked in with the model number of the dress, and just needed to try 1-2 sizes on.  The girl told me that it was my fault they couldn't find it in better sizes or colors, because "I chose to shop on the clearance rack."  Excuse me?As I was standing there in shock, still awed by the gargantuan bitch-tasticness of this little twaddlebag, she handed me a size 20.  A SIZE 20.  Guys, I don't expect you to understand that, but ladies, I'm a 12-14 - so maybe not empty envelope thin, but still - that was just downright rude.  Either the murderous look in my eyes kicked in her fight or flight instinct, or she's even ruder than I thought, as she said "I'm helping OTHER customers" and walked away.  I found the dress in the wrong color but right size, tried it on, no help, took my own photo in the mirror (bride wanted to see it) and left the store.  I bought the dress online, with a coupon code I found.  No commission for the little clerks, and I by the time I shared the coupon code with all the other bridesmades, it was pretty much like getting a whole dress for free.When it's my turn to shop for myself, I will not be counting on David's Bridal.
4	Well, it's the end of September and I'm getting married in the beginning of December and let me be honest - we're paying for the wedding ourselves and I refuse to spend a lot of money on a wedding dress.So where do us frugal Franny's or broke Bonnie's go?  David's Bridal!  I avoided a weekend appointment and 2 girl friends and I headed over there on a Thursday evening.  We entered, checked in, and my two lovely friends took off to pull dresses for me.  I joined them, picking out a few for myself before our "consultant" joined us.  She grabbed the dresses, showed me to the shoes, and put me in a room.  She was helpful and laughed at my jokes about tulle - which I hate.  What saved me was that my girl friends were honest, so I was able to try on about 12 dresses in a short amount of time.  The consultant was quick, complimentary, and easy going.  Sure, she walked away to help another customer but had no problem with one of my girl friends helping me out and keeping things moving.  Let's face it, this is not a designer wedding salon, so don't expect designer wedding salon service.An hour and 15 minutes later I found "the one", they had my size available to try on (a 6 - woot! woot!), and I ordered it on the spot.  Done!  Phew!
5	So I'm getting married in less than 2 weeks and decided several days ago that I didn't like my dress and it didn't fit quite right.  Even though I signed the big "ALL SALES ARE FINAL" line on my receipt, I decided to call and see what could be done - be it alterations or a new dress.I walked in with my dress and was told I could walk around and pick out some other ones to try on.  I did.  Being picky, I was not finding anything I was looking for.  Two other women (managers?) joined my consultant and racked their brains for the perfect dress for me.  After several misses, they found me "the one"!!  Form fitting, mermaid style, a size 4, in stock and never been worn....what more could a girl want?!?!?!Oh wait, a girl could want it to be less expensive than the one that was being returned!  Guess what?  It was $150 LESS!  Could the stars be more aligned right now?David's Bridal doesn't give cash back, so I had a $150 credit to spend in store.  I picked up some things I needed, some things I didn't, and I was on my way.  Painlessly.  Holla.
5	Having been a David's Bridal bridesmaid more times than I care to admit, I have been in this particular location several times over the years. I have always found it to be a little dark, a little dirty, a little dated, and ALWAYS full of brides and children. It is often loud and the staffers always come off a little fried and frazzled. David's Bridal is definitely not my favorite place to shop.However, without going into details that could incriminate me with one of my bride friends, they recently saved my butt, bending their own policy to make my life easier. The lesson I learned - be nice and don't be afraid to ask for an exception. I never dreamed they would help me. Not only did they help me, they bent over backwards. I never expected a big company like David's Bridal to ever do that for me. I was very impressed.
5	Excellent plus size collection!!!!So thankful!Okay so I went to Azteca Bridal that day... TERRIBLE svc ( you can read the review if you want)I decided i DID NOT want my day to end like that.  I called this location and explained to them my situation (at 3pm) they said I could come in at 3:30pm.  So they saved the day... but thats not all...I get there, was treated like I was the most important person in the world.  Even though they knew I wasn't buying that day, it was okay.  I did not feel any pressure to buy, yet I was treated great!  Davids Bridal turned my day around.  For sure.Ronney
3	I booked an appointment for a friday at 11:00. I had the day off with my parents visiting and I heard weekend appointments were crazy busy. I had some dresses "saved" on their website and they were able to pull those up in the store. The sales associate was nice, helped find the dresses I was interested in and showed me where to look through the racks for more styles. I found a dress I really liked, it was a little more than what I wanted to spend though. I also had a second bridal shop appointment after this one, so I had to give the other place a chance too. The sales associate gave me her card and told me I could call anytime to purchase the dress as she wrote down the size and style number. I didn't end up purchasing from David's because I ended up finding a gown at my second appointment which was within my budget. Overall there wasn't anything particularly negative....or positive. Just kind of sandwiched in the middle. I wasn't dissapointed, but I wasn't wowed either. Considering a lot of other shops out there, they still offer some very pretty gowns and reasonable prices. Still worth checking out.
2	Not impressed.  Not helpful.  Not knowledgeable.  Not efficient.  Not excited.Calling to make the appointment was quick and easy so I was hopeful.  The nice girl on the phone told me I could go online, set up an account, and add dresses to my favorites to try on in the store.When I get to the store, the story changes.  I proudly tell her that I followed directions and added the dresses I liked to my favorites.  She responds with "Did you bring the print out?"  Um, no . . . what is the point of saving them online if I have to bring in the print out?  She then told me she had no way to access my favorites and I had to give my ID and password to my MOH so she could use their computer, log into my account, and print out the dresses I had saved.  The girl helping me was also helping multiple brides and only bringing me one dress at a time to try on.  Needless to say, I was having to wait 5-10 minutes before getting a new dress to try on, which is very frustrating in a crazy busy store with a bunch of strangers staring at you in a dress you don't like.  My other option, to go stand in the dressing room by myself and leave my crew out there on their own.After about five dresses that I didn't like, I kept comparing them to a dress at another store that I didn't LOVE (read - NOT THE DRESS), but was so far the best one I had tried on, she proceeds to tell me that she can continue to bring me dresses, but it doesn't sound like I am going to like any of them anyway.  Well, okay then, I guess this appointment is over.Not a fun experience for this UPTOWN BRIDE-to-be! =)
4	I wasnt happy w/ my 1st dress selection. the more i put it on at home, the more I realized it wasnt me.This DB location was so nice to me. They let me exchange my unaltered (it had fit me to a T) dress for another one that was just perfect. Their alterations didnt do exactly what I wanted the 1st time (that girl is no longer there Im told) but the second, they did. And 3 days before my wedding too w/ no rush charge. I was also able to get all my wedding jewelry, purse, and a couple other extras w/ what i had left over from my perfect (cheaper, discontinued, hidden in the back of a rack, last one in the store) dress.
3	I am completely indifferent about David's Bridal. I did get my gown here, and the experience was all well and good and the lady helping me was very nice, but I still felt like it was all about the commission. I had another wedding dress that was given to me that she reluctantly let me try on, but she wouldn't let me go look at it in a mirror, which I guess makes sense since they don't want non-David's Bridal gowns prancing around the establishment. She did everything she could to convince me that I shouldn't keep this dress and that I needed a different one. I ended up buying a romantic lace dress with an open back, which I loved. Not necessarily the most flattering dress in the world, but I was fine with that. I had to get it altered and insert some bra cups since it pooched out in the chest a lot. When I went to try on the final product just weeks before the wedding, I about lost it. I could barely fit into the top which they altered and it was 1000X less flattering than before. I teared up and I think the other alterations woman (not the one who did the alterations initially) came to the rescue and took out all of the sewing and redid it right on the spot (so why did I have to give up my dress for weeks if it really takes 20 minutes???). She was more than helpful, but I still feel like they should have done it right in the first place. The dress still pooched out in the chest region, even though I have a busty chest, but I could live with it. I ended up being happy enough with my dress, but not thrilled. I have since been back to pick out a pure white bridesmaids dress (it's a white wedding!), but the people here act like they have never heard of that and led me to only one really ugly dress. Luckily, another lady stepped in to help and found a white discounted dress, which I really like a lot. Overall, this was a fine experience, but I think I would have gone somewhere else had I had to do it all over again.
1	Terrible terrible TERRIBLE!!!!!!! Bad customer service, consultants that don't know anything about their own products, and poor communication between the store and corporate company. When I first arrived for my appointment they were over booked and was handed off to a girl who already was working with two other parties. She then tried to put me in the wrong dress. The bride I was a bridesmaid for went to that exact store to pick the dress out but they had the wrong dress in her profile. After she argued with me about whether or not it was the right dress I called the bride who told them the name of the actual dress. The consultant then couldn't find the dress and after looking for five min told me it didn't exist. I found the dress myself. After trying the dress on I couldn't find my consultant so I collected my stuff and went to the check out to order it myself, where they argued with me again about what dress and what color it was suppose to be. On top of this terrible experience I was added to a call list where they called me 15 times the next day asking me when I wanted to schedule my bridal gown appointment. I'm not engaged and if I had a complex about that I could have easily had a panic attack. Not only was if bordering harassment but they refused to take me off their list! I asked to talk to the manager by the 15th call and she told me she didn't think I was allowed to. After arguing with her for several min I finally got them to take me off their list. I will never ever ever shop here again and will recommend all friends getting married in the future to go anywhere but here for their bridal party dresses.
1	My consultant was Debbie. She brought me about six dresses and then she disappeared for the rest of the time we were there. I'm assuming this happened because I said that I wasn't sure I was buying anything quite yet, therefore she wouldn't get a sale. Regardless of if you are buying a dress or not, you should get the one on one attention. Anyway, my mom had to assist me in and out of all the dresses and figure out how to pin them to fit me the right way. She never once came back to retrieve the dresses and my mom had to clear out the dressing room in order for there to be room again. My aunt had to go searching for more dresses for me to try on. Also, the overall ambience of the store is completely outdated. Pink walls and mint green carpet with stains on it is not a pleasant aesthetic to any room. The bathroom was disgusting and the soap was out so we had to use hand sanitizer instead. I went to a different bridal shop after this and my experience was completely opposite making me realize just have awful my experience at David's bridal was. DO NOT GO HERE.
4	Sarah assisted me with a bridesmaid dress fitting today. She was very helpful without being too pushy. She also didn't hover, which I really appreciated - a lot of these places have their associates loom over you, and I hate that! I am an out-of-state bridesmaid for a wedding next June, so I already knew exactly what I needed and she found it with no problem and got me a dressing room immediately. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes. She got my measurements and put them into the computer with the rest of the wedding party so when I go to order the dress they will already have the info, which will save a step. The only thing that bothered me was that she was rather insistent that I order the dress in the next week, even though the wedding is not for nearly another year. Otherwise, I was very pleased with my experience today!
2	Overcrowded. Unprofessional. Less than enthusiastic. I'm done with this place. I have been into this store countless times--with friends, family, and most recently myself. Hoping to find some dress options quickly and reasonably priced, I decided to give it a try, and I really wish I hadn't. First off, the appointment was originally for my MOH to find dresses. However, due to a change in my schedule, I thought it might be smart to try on dresses while I was there with her and kill 2 birds with one stone. The rep on the phone booked our appointments at the same time, which we thought was great so we could stand next to each other in the dresses and see how we would look next to each other. Note to anyone who wants to try this in the future....don't. The consultant we had focused on me, the bride, while telling my MOH to go pull her own dresses. While other girls--eh'hem..bridezillas--might be flattered by this gesture, i was furious. My MOH was just as important as I was when it came to this appointment. When i interrupted and said "I'm sorry, aren't YOU supposed to help with that? I don't work here, and therefore don't know how your dresses are organized. How should she know what to do?" She explained there was a system and that if the MOH wanted to wait, she could help her when she was done finding my dresses. Um, no thank you. We don't have time for that, I--the bride--will help my friend since your lazy a** wouldn't. After pulling the dresses for my MOH, the consultant continued to pull dresses that didn't fit me, even after asking her not to bring them If they wouldn't fit. Not only that, but when describing my style and vision to her, she managed to pull ONE dress that was somewhere close--but wait, it didn't fit!After a few dresses and still being steamed about the situation with my MOH (her face said it all..i.e., she was she was uncomfortable, and was upset about how HER appointment turned into an appointment about me. Quickly getting change, and declining to purchase any of the dresses I tried on, we finally left David's Bridal, with NO desire to go back. While their prices are great, their service is AWFUL and just isn't worth the aggravation. I'd compare David's Bridal to the Wal-Mart of wedding dress shopping. I'd much rather pay a little more for a better service and experience than pay less and get treated like dirt.It's your choice, but if I were you, I'd decide against it.
4	I have no complaints. Bought my wedding shoes here in a beautiful pool color. The in store shoe seemed a little looser than the one they ordered me probably from people trying them on so much. So I'm going to just return them in for a half size bigger. Called ahead and everything is fine with that.  The people working were helpful but not too over powering. If you want nice bridal stuff that won't break your budget this is a good place to go.
4	I am surprised to give this 4 stars...after my experience in the PV location, I wouldn't have expected this. I went in to order a bridesmaids dress which I had already tried on before - just needed to order it in a certain size, color and with an additional sash in a certain color. The staff when I walked in was friendly, and when I went to do a quick last look at dresses I was asked if I needed help by 2 different people and they were very willing to assist me (I went in on a Saturday at around 4pm, if that's relevant). I went to the counter to order the dress and I believe the name of the young lady who helped me was Erin (my receipt says Erin E). She was SO friendly and very helpful and pulled out different colors and types of sashes for me to make sure I got the right look. I took a little bit of time deciding and even went an grabbed a dress to mess around with the sashes and she remained with me helping me the whole time, and was so helpful and friendly. I really appreciated her great customer service. Now let's just hope my dress arrives in time!
2	Well, I've been through the David's ringer before, the last time was a year ago for my sister's wedding. I bought my MOH dress here, chosen by my sister from afar. Thaqt expereince was horrible.. But this time around I decided to give David's another try because I'm the BRIDE. I figured maybe I had received backseat service because I was a lowly attendent.. Nope. Brides are just as cattle driven as attendents. I called 4 days in advance to book myself an appointment for the following weekend. I invited a couple friends and as soon as we walked in the store I was hit by the sheer amount of people in there.. It was jam packed. I overlooked this, as I knew I'd made an appointment and assumed I'd receive the service I had booked. I did.. SORT of. My consultant informed me immediately that she was also helping another bride, so she would pull me some dresses and be "around" to answer any questions or help out. (Fine, whatever. I have my friends for that.) Before I booked my appointment I saved six dresses to their website which the consultant was able to print out and use to pull the specific dresses. She managed to pull four of the six, two of which were not even close to my size. She supplied a clip for the back, but these things were literally EIGHT sizes too large for me, so clipping the back did the dresses no justice at all. The other two dresses she said she thought they just didn't have. Annoyed, my friend asked her to look again, as one of them was the one I wanted to try on most. Funny, after requesting a second time, the consultant came up with the dress which ended up being my number one pick. I loved it and would have liked to try it with a veil and some accessories.. Heck, I would have loved to see it on the platform area with all the big mirrors (I was only alotted the mirror on the back of the dressing room door), but I was then informed that we had 15 minutes left, so if we'd like to see any other dresses it's now or never. I was shocked.. I had no idea there was a time limit for brides looking for their dresses and was really disappointed that we had no time to look through dresses ourselves. An hour and a half really is not enough time. I got through five dresses, much of the time spent was simply waiting for the next to arrive from my obviously overbooked and frazzled consultant. The draw - and only reason I gave 2 stars instead of one- to David's is the price range; they carry many affordable dresses and even have offshoot lines of some famous makers (White by Vera Wang, melissa sweet, etc but these are more like outlet lines by the makers). However, you will pay for it in service. Because you won't really experience any. If all of the other shops are out of your price range, I'm sorry you'll have to deal with David's. I did not feel like a bride here, I felt like a cow being stuffed through a cattle shoot .
5	I bought 2 dresses from here- one for ceremony and one for reception. Had all good experiences, everyone is really nice but have to give a big shout out to Janeth who I got to work with multiple times. If you don't have thousands to spend on your dress this is the place to go. They have a Vera Wang and Melissa Sweet line for those with expensive taste ;-) like me. You don't have to take a dress from the floor- they will order a new one for you, if you have the time to wait. I bought 2 dresses, my bra, my slip, and a sash...everything I needed.
1	Very disappointed with this shop.  I did buy my bridal gown here which was beautiful, but the experience was definitely not what I had hoped for.  I truly felt like each employee I came across, with the exception of one (I wish I could remember her name) did not want to be at their job.  They pretty much seemed like they would rather be anywhere else.  I felt completely rushed when trying on gowns, which sucks because it's quite a big decision when you are spending that amount of money for a very important day.  Costume jewelry is overpriced, alterations are overpriced.  Go somewhere else.  My friend had her wedding gown altered here and they screwed it up twice!  I don't know how it is at other bridal shops, but I think it's shitty that you are not allowed to return anything- only exchange and it's a crime how long they estimate it will take to get the gown you order, especially considering they are a huge chain!
1	Horrible service, horrible dresses... First, nearly all dresses there are extremely gaudy.  The only dress I found that was more or less elegant was severely limited in colors. This is a wedding store business, it is important that it has options!  but no, I explained to the girl helping me that I needed rose/taupe/creme colors... Any one of them... She kept bring black and blue and plum. I am sorry, what language would you like me to speak so you can understand what colors i need? Anyway, bridesmaid dresses are notorious for running a bit small. I am size 8, which I think is fairly common. Well, at David's Bridal apparently I am size 12!!! Wtf??? And it's not that I have a body dysmorphic disorder because a few hours later at Nordstrom's I miraculously became size 8 again. To summarize, they were an extremely unhelpful bunch with pretty ugly dresses in stock. Seriously, what kind of bride would want her besties to look horrendous? Not my bestie!! That is why I am buying at Donna-Morgan.com.
5	I was hesitant to get my hopes up for DB when I made my appointment, judging by other reviews here and the overall reputation for these larger stores not giving the personal experience that smaller stores boast.  I intended to come in to see a large selection with my mom, find out what I like, and come back later with my bridesmaids.  I am surprised to say that was not at all the case!  I want to make it clear, I made an appointment. I don't think this would have gone so well as a walk-in.  I had also filled out my profile online and saved some "favorites", so  the aesthetic I liked was also attached to my profile with other details.  I walked in and was introduced to one of the store managers, and invited to look through the racks while I waited for my appointment.  I was overwhelmed by all the options, and not really sure what I was looking at.  Britney T. found me and introduced herself as my consultant, and got some general details about my wedding.  She set off to pull some dresses from my "favorites" list and a few others she thought I'd like, and again suggested I browse for anything else I'd like to try.  I do wish the sizes of the dresses was more obvious, because I had a tough time finding any in a 2.  Luckily Britney had better luck, and soon found me with an armful of options. We made our way to the dressing rooms and she helped me in and out of about 10 different dresses.  I loved 8 of them, but I absolutely fell in love with one.  When you find "the one", you just know. I couldn't leave without it.  Britney was so helpful, supportive, and by my side the entire time (if she wasn't running around finding me more dresses!) making me feel like I was as important as the brides with 10 times my budget.  Without her expertise and familiarity with the dresses they had, I don't think I would have made it through this experience.  As I mentioned above, I was overwhelmed by all the gowns and not sure what to look for or how to narrow it down.  Britney quickly ascertained my style and preferences, and took all the work out of it for me leaving me with the fun of "ooh"ing and "ahh"ing with my mom.I'll get the (minor) alterations done in February and we have an appointment to look for bridesmaid dresses in a couple of weeks.  I will update this review then... stay tuned!
4	This review is for an appointment with a consultant for bridesmaid dresses.Unfortunately, I cannot remember the name of our consultant.  We were there late in the evening in their latest appointment slot, so the place was fairly empty.  I had half of my bridesmaids with me ready to try things on, look at color swatches, and report back to the other half!My Matron of Honor is currently expecting twins, and she will be about 35 weeks along at the wedding.  Needless to say, we needed to find her a dress with plenty of room.  Our consultant was very attentive to making sure she got the right kind of waist, pros and cons of different styles considering the different sizes she will be, and even brought the seamstress out to have her help make recommendations on what size to buy and how she'll help her fit in it, and look beautiful too.  While the other two girls had fun trying on different styles of dresses, our consultant came over every so often to check on us, grab a couple more dresses, and answer questions.  She didn't hover, which allowed us to relax amongst ourselves, but she was easy to find if we needed her.  She was happy to recommend colors and explain fabric differences, check on availability of dresses and sizing options, and all the other things you'd expect a consultant to be able to do.At the end, our consultant took down the names and dress information of each girls' favorite dress(es) so it will all be on file when they are ready to place their orders.  Overall, it was a great shopping trip!
1	Went in to get a dress for my young daughter. Was ignored from start to finish. When I asked if they could see if another store had the dress I wanted, instead of offering to call, they offered to give me the number so I could call. Terrible customer service. I bought my wedding dress here 10 years ago. Will never go back.
1	Afer my final alerations appointment yesterday...this place gets 1 star. Waited 15 mins before being helped when I had appointment at 6. Was told at previous appointment by one of the alterations ladies to leave my veil and slip with the dress and the slip was lost and somehow I was being blamed for this. The alterations lady helping me was extremely rude to my wedding planner! No excuse me or please just "move!"and "Get out of the way!" I know right?! Rude!  I was also rushed out of my dress so she could stitch something because "I need to go home". Who says that to a customer?! I waa given a new slip and apologized to by two managers and even though my first two appointments were worth 5 stars this one experience is enough to make me never go back or recommend anyone here.
1	I was told that they didnt carry my size in the dress I had picked out for my wedding at any David's Bridal in Arizona. She even made a point to say the only one they had in a store ANYWHERE in my size was in New York and that I would have to order it asap from the warehouse for it to be here in time for my wedding . Also since I had to order it I had to pay everything up front and couldn't use the layaway. I happened to be at the paradise valley location today looking for bridesmaid dresses and guess what? Found my dress in my size! So this way I could buy it off the rack and use layaway, I put a down payment and will be using that location from now on. The people at the phoenix location seem super shady. They all work for commission so they'll say whatever they have to so that you will buy your dress from them! If they tell you they dont have your size/color or whatever at any other store, definitely dont just take their word for it.
1	what an awful experience.we're getting married (yay!) in October and have started the search for my wedding dress. my mom and friends flew in from out of town and i also had a few close friends from phoenix come out for a day of fun, trying on dresses, and girl stuff. the plan was to have an awesome day and hopefully find the dream dress.we had all just come from a wonderful experience at uptown bridal in downtown chandler (girls, i highly recommend hitting this place up!). now, i knew that david's bridal was more of a national chain and that it was a busy place, full of dresses and people and that i probably wasn't going to get the personalized attention that i had gotten at the previous salon. fully understood this. but i wasn't prepared for the complete lack of caring by the david's bridal associate, the cramped dressing room, and the little to no help of getting into the gowns that were being pushed on me by the associate. it sucked.the location itself is fine, however, the store inside is dirty and the dressing rooms/carpets are kind of gross. not a huge fan. the dressing rooms are also extremely small. its hard to be in there with three other dresses and attempting to get into a fourth. its a small miracle i didn't fall out of the room half naked while stuck in some fluffy gown from hell. the associate started off ok but i could tell it had been a busy day for her. i didn't want to be an annoyance so i asked her to pull up my favorites from the david's bridal website and go from there. she immediately crossed half of the dresses because they weren't available at that store (thanks for telling me in advance) and then went off to collect the remaining dresses. we waited for another 15 minutes before she came back with two dresses.... one of which was not on my favorites. at uptown bridal i had been given a slip which covered my body and definitely helped with the shyness factor. here at db she threw a corset at me and told me to get into the dresses and then open the door so she could zip me up. what the hell? most of these dresses weigh a ton and have so much tulle in the bottom you get lost! it was really hard getting into these things, but also given the size of the dressing room, i'm not sure how she would have helped all that much without having to have the door open. i tried on dress after dress that she brought which were not on my favorites :/. my friend had to step in and insist that she actually bring some from the list. also the associate disappeared for lengthy periods of time leaving me waiting in the dressing room helpless. i finally had my other friend come in and help me otherwise we would have been there for hours. the associate kept trying to push dresses on me that were not at all aligned with what i had told her my style/preference was. it just became a depressing, hot, and really draining effort to be at this location with an associate that really didnt care at all.i will never ever recommend going to this david's bridal location to anyone. it was awful and i cannot see spending my money at this particular store.
1	This past weekend my sister, future sister-in-law, and future mother-in-law flew into town just to come with me to look for a wedding dress. Our first appointment was a David's Bridal and I was excited to have everyone there with me and I have only been to this store in the past to get a bridesmaid gown. Well needless to say our time spent there was awful...First, the place is really gross. The carpet is so dirty. There is one spot on the bridal stage that looks like someone spilled something and dirt has just been tracked all over it instead of it being cleaned. The dresses you try on are really dirty too. Which I understand because hundreds of ladies are trying on these dresses week to week but it was really hard to get excited when there were stains all over these beautiful dresses!Then, our customer service was TERRIBLE. Her name was Deborah and to start, she reeked of cigarette smoke. The last thing I want is to be in this tiny room trying to try on dresses and smell that... And she was really rude in the process. I had 6 women with me who were being very polite and helpful and she was huffing and puffing, rolling her eyes, and was even talking crap about us to another employee there. She in no way seemed like she was happy to help us at all. Thankfully her assistant was nice and made the experience worth staying for. In the end I did NOT find my dress at David's Bridal and I'm glad I didn't. My girls will be getting their dresses from there but only because of the color. I got my dress in Gilbert at Suzanne's Bridal Boutique and they are AMAZING over there. I would highly recommend them to anyone!**UPDATE** (4/18/2014)Just so all of the yelp users know... I was HORRIBLE harassed by someone through yelp messages about my bad review on David's Bridal. They claimed to have been another bride looking for dresses on the same day as me. They said my family was awful, ruined her experience, that she posted a video of how bad my family was, and everyone clapped when we left. I told her she had the wrong person and asked her what day she was there. It took her a while to tell me the date and when she finally did she had the totally wrong one! When I told her she had the wrong date she responded with "Oh ya, it was that day!" Ummm hello? How do you not remember the day you found your wedding dress! And I was there on a Saturday and she claimed it was a Monday... BIG difference considering I was at work on Monday. She has yet to give me the link to this "video" she claims to have... Needless to say I think it is someone from David's Bridal who is just upset that I didn't have anything nice to say about their store because this "user" just set up an account this month.If it is someone from that store I hope the manager reads this posts and realizes that she needs to makes some changes with her staff!
5	The staff have always been very friendly and outgoing in order to help me pick out my wedding dress, as well as my bridesmaid dresses.  Deb in particular has gone above and beyond for me on multiple occasions!  She is always very sweet, kind, patient and incredibly knowledgable about all the various styles, brands, and sizes at David's Bridal to help you feel like a princess on your special day!  She is simply fabulous!  I have had an incredible experience at this bridal store and I would give the highest recommendation to anyone looking to purchase wedding attire.
1	Came in to try on dresses for my daughters wedding. Had an appointment and the girl didn't even attend to me!! Poor customer service... And to think the Tucson location was 10x's better in helping out oh and the place was very dusty ... Very disappointed
1	Awful experience was in Arizona for my daughters basketball tournament and between games we were on a mad dash to find a dress. Greeted at the door and after that we were on our own. I guess they don't like to help girls in basketball clothes and obviously just played.in a game .Asked a sales associate if 3 dresses were on the 50 %off rack and she assured us they were. traveling for sports we have to have a budget in place. My daughter decided on a beautiful dress to find out the dress WASNOT on sale . The  associate that was ringing us out was the associate that.told us they were on sale . After walking without purchasing the dress.With  my daughter completely broken hearted to return into the store to talk to the other manager Lindsay let her know how I felt and the store basically used he bait and switch on us. Lindsay being a manger didn't do a thing but stand there telling me the customer service rep was out till Tuesday? Really if I were at Macys I would have received the price I was quoted. I purchased the dress only because my daughter had prom I less than a week away and my daughter paid the other half as if it were 50 off . have 3 girls and will NEVER step foot in another Davids Bridal .
4	I took my friend to David's' Bridal today for her first experience of trying on dresses.  We didn't have expectations to find something on our first day shopping, but we actually found a surprising amount of dresses that we both really liked!I am not sure if this is the best place to go if you want a ton of attention - they are very busy, and the staff tends to multiple girls at the same time.  The changing rooms are small and close together.  There are plenty of chairs though and plenty of mirrors.I wish I could remember the name of  the girl who helped us because she was very friendly and a good sport - she even let *me* try on dresses, knowing very well that I was not the one getting married.  My daughter, who represents the many flower girls for the wedding, legitimately tried on dresses, but I am sure the sales representative knew she was also "playing" when we tried on matching dresses.  This made the whole experience a lot of fun, and we walked out feeling excited about the dresses that we saw.I think in this case, having the right sales rep makes all the difference. Based on other reviews, it sounds like we really lucked out.The dresses were also really cheap, the most expensive one we liked was $1300, the others were in the $500 range.  I almost walked out of there with a $30 tiara because it was shiny and yet so cheap (so okay, and fake)....but luckily I remembered how old I was and put it back.
1	My sister, mother and I drove 45 minutes to the nearest Davids Bridal to get our measurements for my other sister ( who lives in Vegas)'s wedding. We arrived on a Saturday morning with no appointment, so we assumed there would be a wait and we would need to be patient. The lady at the front took our name and said that we could browse around until someone called us or found us. As we were looking around, we were searching for a dress for my mom to wear at the wedding. The staff was weaving in and out of us without even saying "excuse me" or "I'm sorry". When we found a dress that my mom liked that was on the sale rack, we asked if there was any way that we could order the dress in the size that we needed or call another store to purchase it from there and two staff members said "no, we are not allowed to do that due to the dress being on sale". So we just decided to wait around and about 20 minutes later, we were called to be measured. This lady who helped us was the most rude person I have ever met. I did not get a great look at her name tag because she was barely ever with us, but it was something along the lines of Aona, etc. When she found us, all she said was "who are you?" when we told her were bridesmaids wanting to get measured, she said it was required to put the dress back on to be measured, no big deal. She gives me a head to toe look down (which I did not appreciate) and stated "you're a size 14 or 16". This was appalling to me. I am proudly a size 10 (in a David's Bridal dress) and did not think it was very professional for her to look me up and down and tell me what size I was. We had previously gone to the Vegas David's Bridal to pick out the bridesmaids dresses and the staff there asked me what size jeans I wear and explained that they would add a size or 2 up to find a good fit. She also gave my sister a dress size 8 sizes too small because it was "required" to put the dress on in order to measure us. So we put our dresses on and she measures my sister who barely had the dress on because it was so small and looks at me and I tell her that the size 10 is perfect except that a little needed to be taken in right below my armpit about an inch. She looked at me and said "Just buy a padded bra" and I told her that I would never wear a padded bra that would cover a whole inch around me again. So she said "then just get a strapless bra" and I said I was going to but that a strapless bra would not hold my dress up by itself. She proceeds to leave us without taking my measurements at all and left me standing there wondering what she wanted me to do. My sister goes to ask her to take my measurements and she told me to take my dress off and for us to go to the front and someone else will do it. So I did and the lady in front took my measurements without my dress on; BUT WAIT. I thought it was "required" to have the dress on..We finally got our measurements taken down and asked the lady to be sure that they were put into the computer so that my sister in Vegas could order our dresses from there a couple hours later because they were just going to be delivered to the Vegas store. We decided to look at shoes for a little bit and then leave. On the way out, we asked the lady at the front desk who were signed in with to check really quick if she could to make sure the measurements were put in. She said "I'm pretty sure they're in there" and she messed around on the computer and looks around and says "I'll make sure they're in there soon". So we leave.My sister in Vegas then goes to her David's Bridal to order our dresses with the correct sizes and measurements and the staff there says that there are no measurements on her page. AND they tell us that the dress that my mother wanted to purchase that was on sale and not in her size could have been purchased over the phone at any David's Bridal in the country. We decided to call the Arizona (on Ray Rd) store back and let them know that the measurements were not in and that they lost a purchase and they came up with every excuse as to why the measurements were not in and gave us the most worthless apology for the dress my mother was interested in.I will never go to this David's Bridal again. I will gladly search elsewhere for another dress that I will need. The staff here are careless and rude.
1	The shopping experience when I first went in to the Phoenix location to find a dress was great! The woman that helped me was very patient and helpful.  From there it only went downhill though.  I was supposed to have bra cups put into the dress and it was to also include a preservation kit.  The dress came without the bra cups and without the preservation kit.  I had to call TWO more times until I finally got the preservation kit sent to me (which arrived less than a week before my wedding). I went to a David's Bridal in CT (Danbury) and we waited about 20-30 minutes in the back room without even being acknowledged by a seamstress.  When I finally walked out to get someone, the woman was extremely rude and inpatient.  She wanted to put the WRONG bra size cups on my dress and her solution to me wanting to cover up my cleavage a bit was to put a material on my dress that didn't even match.  We ended up walking out and going somewhere else.  The service was horrible.  Come to find out, my dress was also missing a clasp in the back AND the bustle.   I would NOT recommend David's Bridal for any brides.
2	This is the 2nd Davids Bridal I visited for my wedding gown - and I hated both visits. I was helped - but my consultant was also helping someone else. I had to wait a while just to get helped into and out of my dress. Not the best experience. There are lots of places to go, to get a dress that not 1000 other people have as well.
5	I was very nervous to go shopping for my wedding dress but had an amazing experience!!! I had done my research online and there was a dress that I was hoping the location would have. Sure enough, they did!My consultant, Erica, was wonderful. She made me and my future sister-in-law feel comfortable and at ease. She pulled my favorite dress and a few others. She told me it was beat if i waited till the end to try on my fave, and  i agreed.The first dress was amazingly beautiful and looked lovely on me. Erica definitely knows what she is doing. By choosing amazing dresses for me to try before I tried my favorite, I didn't just automatically love my preferred dress because it was the prettiest but because I had seen different styles that were just as lovely!I found my dress yesterday! Thanks in no small part to Erica. If you go to this location I would highly recommend asking for her by name. She wasn't pushy, she only pulled dresses in my price range and made me feel comfortable. My future sister-in-law and bridesmaid went back today to get a bridesmaid dress if that tells you how good of an experience we had!I highly recommend David's Bridal. Their website was easy to use and the consultant had printed out my favorites so she had already done her homework on what I was looking for. I felt beautiful and the dress I purchased is everything I could have hoped for. Reasonable price helps too.
1	Picking out your wedding dress is supposed to be one of the best moments of your life. Mine was far from that. I picked out a dress I did love but I needed alterations, I was getting married in the LDS temple and needed sleeves added. They assured me alterations would be simple, they do them all the time. I mentioned it several times and they kept insisting it was so easy and so simple all I had to do was bring my dress back and they'd take care of it. I bought the dress and when it arrived I took it to get alterations. Then, and only then, was I told it would cost $360 for alterations another $120 to be hemmed and I had to provide my own fabric. Obviously I was upset. My dress alone cost $400, I think it's ridiculous that alterations cost more than the dress itself. They tried to sell me a flower girl dress that matched so I could take the fabric from that for alterations, they offered the idea of a bolero jacket, it was sell sell sell and I found myself standing there, almost in tears, because I no longer wanted the dress I had paid for. It was in that moment that I demanded my money back. I felt deceived and I was not going to pay for a dress I didn't want. They told me all sales were final. Once again I demanded my money back! It was then that the manager happened to remember that they had that same dress with sleeves added already, at the same price as the sleeveless one that I had bought. I traded dresses and ordered the one with sleeves and though I did love my dress, I feel like David's Bridal was completely deceiving and was just trying to choke the money out of me. It wasn't until I demanded a refund that they "remembered" the other dress. I would never recommend them and am so disappointed in how I was treated.
5	First of all, let me start by saying that it's mind blowing how wrong most of the reviews are on here. The customer service is far from a 1 star rating! I set an appointment at DB last month not expecting much due to the low ratings I saw here on yelp. I was visiting my mom and sister from CA and I wanted to get the dress shopping experience with them, even though I wasn't planning on buying a dress that same day. Upon arrival a sales person checked us in and minutes later we were greeted by the lovely Trisha. She made my experience very delightful and memorable. She pulled up all of my favorites that I selected online and even tossed in several other dresses that she thought I would like. She worked to stay within my budget and my style the entire time. At the ended I fell in love with one of Trisha's selections that brought me to tears. I am forever grateful for the service that was provided. Thanks again Trisha!
2	I decided to make this my first stop on my never-ending quest to find the perfect wedding dress.  I thought this would be a good place to start since it would have many different styles in a variety of price points. Unfortunately it was a very disappointing experience. First, when we walked in I got the same feeling I have anytime I go into Sears. The carpet was dirty, the dressing rooms were barren, and it smelled like feet.Second, our consultant seemed to be clueless. I gave her a few ideas about what I was looking for (a-line, under $800, illusion neckline or sleeves). She really struggled finding anything that fit these requirements. After I tried on 3 dresses and wasn't impressed she asked "Well, what do you want to do?" Really? This is my first time trying on dresses. I'd like to try on a few more. Overall it was a very uninspiring trip. My hopes were probably too high, but I had expected some small degree of pampering. Instead it felt like I was inconveniencing the salesperson with my "outrageous" demands. Also, the selection of dresses wasn't as large as you would think. If you want an inexpensive strapless  gown I'm sure you could find something. If you want anything else you would do better elsewhere.
5	Lani!!!!!!!!  You should all ask for this woman when you need a dress. I went here to try on my first wedding dresses ever. The whole staff was so friendly and welcoming but I worked with Lani and she was amazing. My mother, bridesmaid and I felt so comfortable with her and she could tell exactly what I wanted. She picked out my dress that was "the one"!  Could not have been more satisfied with my experience. Getting your wedding dress is a special day and I really felt that Lani wanted to see me happy and genuinely cared that I was getting exactly what I wanted. She seemed honored to have helped and she was nothing short of amazing. Fantastic experience and I would recommend anyone to go here!  Thanks Lani and David's bridal!
4	I actually went to 3 different David's Bridal - Phoenix, Lone Tree and Colorado Springs. Their customer service and expertise varied at each store. They also each had different dresses on hand to try on. I would recommend trying a second David's Bridal if you aren't satisfied with your first trip. The main thing I liked is that they are so affordable! If you are able to, I would recommend waiting till they have a big sale. I noticed that they have different percentage sales each month.
4	Shirley the seemstress is FANTASTIC! She's been with the company 10 years and knows exactly how to make a dress look and fit you the way you need it to!
