5	I stop here almost every morning on my way to work...the drive thru is extremely convenient and there is never a wait...which is surprising, because this is some of the best coffee i've ever had...the staff is super friendly and the place is unique...to say the least!i get an iced americano usually, and the sweet hawaiin flavors of the espresso are brough out by the raw sugar i add to it...way better than a starbucks americano for sure!!!
3	I dig the name.  I have always had a crush on the word Hawaiian.  It is definitely the four vowels in a row, arranged in mirror image form.  Very appealing on the eyes.  That being said, that's about all I can say (good) about this place.  This is how the ordering process went...Me: Can I get a Kona Blend?Her: Do you want that black?M: No, go ahead and add a little non-fat to it?H: Non-Fat Milk? You got it.  Anything else?M: Yeah, can I get a few sweeteners on the side?H: Sure. Pink, Blue or Yellow? Hehehe...M: Um, Yellow.H: You got it, see you at the window.As much as I liked the way she asked Pink, Blue, or Yellow, I can't help but feel a bit short changed here.  The total for a 20 oz coffee was $2.11... At Starbucks it is $1.83 methinks... Lets do a compare and contrast of the two.Maui WowiOld and Run DownBelow Average CoffeeAbove Average PriceStarbucksNew, Clean and AppealingAbove Average TasteAbout Average Price (for plain coffee)Granted they serve smoothies and other stuff, but overall it was disappointing.
3	- The speaker on the drive through barely works so you always have to drive to the window to order. - There are breakfast items to order, but they are not on the drive through menu. + They say "Aloha" when I drive up+ They pour my soy milk in to my coffee in front of me at the window, to make sure I get the right amount. + The baristas wear obnoxious Hawaiian shirts
4	I happened upon this place by total accident when I pulled into it's parking lot to flip a uturn. When I saw it served coffee AND it had a drive-thru I couldn't resist. The drive-thru menu seemed sparse but I settled on a frozen latte to cure my cottonmouth. As I pulled to the window I started kicking myself for ordering a drink I knew would take time to make, I meant it to be a quick stop. While at the window I noticed more menu items taped up and peeked inside and saw a display of food which I didn't recall on the menu. Luckily the service was really quick and I was back on my way in no time. The latte was perfect not bitter or too sweet. I'll have to go back and sample their snacks too.
3	This is one of my hangouts when i need to get some work done. The smoothies are good, the coffee is ok, the snacks and sandwiches are yummy. I mostly come for the comfy place to get some work done. Wifi is free, the seats are comfortable and if you are lucky to get the one big table, you're set. The only bummer about the place for me is the number of tables and outlets. Unfortunately for them since it seems to be empty a lot, it's good for me to get some work done on the weekends.  In the end, there is a lot more they could do with the place to bring in more customers. Each time I come in the staff is sitting at one of the tables with their laptops out doing homework or watching movies. This leaves just three tables in the place to use. They rush up to the counter to greet the customer, but I definitely get the feeling there is a ton of downtime. Owners, I want to like your place a lot...but it needs a few tweaks.
1	This place is closed and I'm pretty sure a Bosa Doughnuts now.... Someone should double check me and update.
