2	i really hate to do this, but i have to. service was slower than slow. my bagel + cream cheese was super skimpy on the cream cheese. turkey chili was lukewarm and not as good as it should have been. the staff seemed gloomy and sad. it just wasn't a good experience. it really is too bad, i haven't had lunch at a einstein's in forever and i was hoping it would be as good as i remember it.
2	This place is so close to home and I love Einstein Bros Bagels, just not this one.  The place feels cramped and dirty.  Too bad because I would go here more often if those two things weren't an issue, I guess I could eat outside but I want the choice.  When we ate here the server got our order wrong twice once on the the receipt then when it was made; how does that happen? Oh well, maybe I will visit here again just to see if it improves or maybe I will just have to drive a little further.
5	Okay, not sure where these other reviewers eat bagels, but Einsteins at 40th and Thunderbird MUST not be it.  I eat here every single week, and the place is clean and always packed.  The bagels and coffee are fresh, and the staff is very friendly.  I have never had a bad experience at this Einsteins.  BTW - Einsteins has the best bagels on the planet (and yes, I have eaten at Chompies.)
3	Five stars for the friendly morning staff woman who makes the best mocha in town. Seriously. One star for the other employees who seem to hate their job and serve your bagel with a side of resentment. I asked for a schmear, not a sneer, people.
1	Stopped in for a  Bagel-Dog. They had only one on the shelf. Looked as if it had been pre-cooked once or twice. After asking if there were any others, I was told, "Nope. That's it."So I left it and walked out. So much for my Bagel-Dog.It will be a long time before I go into that place again.
5	Einsteins has these GREAT Lo-Cal thin bagel breakfast  under 300 cal.  The one I tried had mushrooms asparagas with swiss cheese and egg white and a yummy sauce. Large  Iced non fat sugar free latte perfect way to start my day after a work out!! Very friendly employees!!  Very FAST service!! They also handed me a bunch of coupons to come back.  VERY Impressed. Total bill a little over $9.00 but now I have some 2 for 1 coupons!!
4	get the spinach florentine bagel with jalopeno cream cheese! very yummy!
5	This is a great neighborhood place where I like to pop in a grab a quick meal on the weekends.  I love that they send out coupons too ; )  I get a bagel and lox every time!
5	The workers were extremely friendly and the bagels were amazing. All you can drink coffee?YES! I wish we had one of these in California and next time I go to Arizona I will make it a top priority to come back.
5	Micheal Einstein's is in California under the name Noah's Bagels!  So you can have their bagels after all!!!
1	If you think these are good bagels, you've never had a good bagel.  I wouldn't even call what they serve bagels.  Unfortunately, where I work they bring these in for various occasions so I'm guessing they're cheap.If you're from NY/NJ area don't waste your time or money - you'll be chucking this in the trash after one bite.Disgusting.
4	I usually go to this location and the one at Tatum and Shea. This one is much better. They get the order correct mroe than the other store. Food is good. Enough variety to please everyone. They change up the menu seasonally and I like that.
3	Overall a fine Einstein's.
4	Updating my review.  This has become my go to Einstein's since it is walking distance from my home.  The staff is friendly and orders are good.  At times seems a little understaffed.
2	Taste like nasty rye bread bagels. Have had way better, but then again I'm from the East Coast. Go to Dunkin Donuts they're better for a chain that makes bagels.
3	This place is very close to my Apt and I love Einstein Bros Bagels but this one leaves something to be desired. Don't get me wrong the staff really tries....and they are for the most part friendly....but they are unorganized....slow....and seem to be NEVER prepared for huge crowds. Most Einstein Bros Bagel shops I have been to are always busy especially during the morning hours....so there is no excuse for the workers at this locale to expect anything different. The place is also very cramped and that's too bad because the location is not the best to sit outside due to the lack of seating out there as well. Now in a pinch I will come to this location but I usually go to the one on Shea Blvd because it is much better. I really wanted to give this locale 2 stars...but again since the staff does really try and they at least show some effort....I decided to go with 3 stars. I highly recommend they hire more staff or at least get some more efficient people to work there. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I love einsteins bagels.  Great prices!
1	This is the second morning I have come to this particular location.  I have now been late to work for the past 2 days.  It was not due to the store being busy, it was a complete lack of organization and employees did not move w a purpose.  On both occasions, the cashier was wondering aimlessly while 5+ customers waited in line. The frustration and lack of service that the other patrons and I felt, could have been avoided if the employees had been focused.  I will sadly not return to this location, even though it is on the way to my office.
2	Bagels are good. Waited about 5 minutes before they started my cappuccino. 10 minutes after that when it was still an empty cup I told them nevermind and left. This location seems to do an ok job with 3 or fewer people in line. The one at Desert Ridge does better with rushes .
2	This is consistently the most unorganized Einsteins we go to. We try to avoid this location but when we find ourselves here our hopes are that they've improved. Year after year we've found they they stay consistent: unorganized and confused.
1	This is the worst customer service I have ever had to deal with. The staff has zero communication therefor multiple orders were wrong, and took over 20 minutes to get out. I personally witnessed employees despite wearing gloves touching their hair, and dropped milk caps on the floor and continued to put it on the milk jug. If I was a health inspector they definitely would not have passed. It just seems to have gotten sloppy and disappointing.Not to mention I've been sitting typing this review, I open my bagel and the cream cheese and butter I paid for aren't on here.... Who eats bagels just toasted?
1	Staff (besides assistant manager) is completely incompetent. The last few times I've been there, I have waited an absurd amount of time either to pay for my food, or receive my food. Not because there was a long line, just because the person who was supposed to do it was distracted doing something else. One time the cashier took a 5 min long phone order instead of helping me (which would've taken 30 seconds), dropped the phone, then started doing drink orders! Never even came back to the register or apologized for the wait. I could've ran out with my bagel without paying!  There are some serious communication issues at that store, and the staff needs some serious re-training. Plus it's safe to say I'm never coming back here again. Which is a shame, because it is so much closer to my house, and I love their bagels. Get it together!
2	Bagels:  always stick with the pumpernickel and everything bagels. Their lite cream cheese is very good. The service person at the register is a CONSTANT bottleneck. I completely agree with the other reviewers who leveled similar complaints. The woman treats the cash register as if she is performing DNA analysis.I never ask these folks for any bagel preparation whatsoever. I simply buy a half dozen or dozen box, and then wait for the checkout blunder of the day. Today, she gave my bag of bagels to another customer and again could not properly manage checkout for either customer. If you do want better service, go to the einsteins on 64th street and greenway.
2	The bagels are good. The sandwiches leave something to be desired in the taste department and the coffee is over roasted. Everything is a bit over-priced for what you get. I have never had a problem with the customer service.
2	I get the same exact sandwich every time, but about half of the time they get my order wrong!!!  It's annoying...they either give me the wrong bagel or don't give me double egg white (which they charge me for) or put cheese when I ask for no cheese....it's not rocket science people!  lol  So I stopped going here even though it's the closest to me
