4	This is my local Starbucks.  It's a bit on the small side but that's ok, it feels homey.  All the locals are here getting their morning cup....guys starting their days and having a chat, women either on their way to drop the kids off or just dropped them off and are on the way to work in need of a java jolt.  The folks behind the counter are friendly and they remember people and their orders.  I've only been in twice but I'm sure the more I frequent, they will remember my order.  This time of year I change it up a lot though......I just can't make up my mind.  Do I get a Gingerbread Latte, a Peppermint Mocha or a they have started something called a Caramel Brulee.  They are all yummy and just what is needed to wake up in the morning!   The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I think they have gotten a little pricey over the years.  One of the first things I cut out on a budget is coffee.  At over $4 for a Grande anything, it's now a treat from time to time instead of a daily thing.  It's still a darn good coffee though.
5	My business  Audio Video Editor is right next door to this Starbucks. What a great staff of talented baristas. Great service, clean store and smiling faces.
4	Vanilla Iced Latte, how great can my midday be?
4	This location is super convenient and the parking and strip-mall is always easy to get in and get out.. and if you feel like sitting down, there's sufficient (a bit cozy) room inside or if the weather is nice, there are plenty of tables/chairs outside.  The staff is quick and friendly and since my drink is simple, they've rarely "screwed" it up (unless you count too much foam on a macchiato).  The longest line I've ever had to endure was a whole line of 3 people in front of me (yes, even at peak coffee hour).. so really, no complaints there.You'll notice a lot of local people do their coffee here as there really is no local coffee joint nearby to give this place any competition (yeah, that's hard to do when it's a SB, but I'd give a local coffee joint my business)... a lot of morning cyclists, or morning ppl enjoying their coffee with a paper.This is a good Starbucks.. the same faces and consistently well made drinks.. no hassle.. feels local.
5	Amazing store! Great baristas, my drink is always perfect, and the new remodel makes for a 5 star location! :)
5	Just picked up a box of coffee this morning, called it in last night, everything went great. Someone needs to add store info... not me
3	I would generally give all Starbucks 5 stars....yes sometimes your drink taste like poop, but most of the times they nail it.....well except if you go to one in a grocery store. This one is great...minus the lady with the black curly hair. Fire her already. Why is she so rude %99 of the time? I avoid this one solely because of her.
3	Small sized Starbucks shop.  Service is fast even when really busy and servers are polite.  We like to go walk over from our house on weekends and enjoy a coffee.  Three stars because the tables were all dirty in the shop and on the patio the chairs were covered in bird poop and obviously hadn't been cleaned in a long time.
5	Love this Starbuck's.  Reminds me of the European coffee shops.  And, best of all, I feel safe since Starbucks doesn't welcome concealed carry guns anymore.  Yay, Starbucks!
