3	Panda Express is eh A-Okay. I think this location might be the only one, maybe two around town. For us West coasters, Panda Express is like the McDonalds of Chinese food. They're friggin everywhere - one on every corner of a three block radius and one in every mall. It's nothing spectacular, very Americanized. I guess you can call it comfort American Chinese fast food. They advertise no MSG and offer a variety of dishes. Their orange chicken is kinda something special and has it's own unique Panda Express flair and flavor. While it isn't the greatest Chinese food by far, I've grown familiar with it, and have aquired a taste for it.
2	I grew up with a Panda Express in my mall in Florida, and have always thought of it as decent (&cheap) for fast food/caf style Chinese food. (under $10 gets you two entrees, a starch option, two veg springs rolls, and a small drink - and you can get out for less) Even when I started visiting the stand alone locations or hitting the drive-thrus on my travels elsewhere - every time it was fairly consistent flavors, good customer service, and full portions... so I'm not sure what is going on at this location.I know it's not a Charlotte-wide quality difference (like let's say, local Sonny's BBQ) because I've been to others in the city - this one is just sub par. Low quantity of normal entrees, hard to understand employees, not to mention reaaaaally pushy on the samples (I know, a weird thing to complain about but some days I just don't want fried shrimp and the fact that I actually had to take the toothpicks from his hand, walk over to the garbage can, and throw the food out for him to get the point is ridiculous) and it just tastes a little off. Portions were also smaller than normal, which is a no go for me when I can usually get a meal and a snack, or even two meals out of a normally filled to-go box. It gets its second star because the food really is still edible, and if I were ever stuck at South and Tyvola dying for some Panda Express I'd eat here again. And the chain does have some "wok smart" entrees with under 250 calories a serving (anywhere from 5 - 20something fat grams) that are still pretty decent.
1	Don't fall for it!  I came from LA and wanted some good ol Panda Express after work one day.  I was severely disappointed.  The best part of PE is the fact that they give you so much that you have no option but to make 2 meals out of it.  Here, they really don't do that.  The portions are very little - it made for one solid meal... that kind of sucks.Secondly, I didn't really get to choose from the variety of entrees that they have.  When I came in, the dude was scraping the last of the chow mein, and looking at the options, it was either the sauce and a few random veggies for the supposed broccoli & beef, or like 2 pieces of chicken mushroom. It was super sad and I literally just went for the 2 entrees where it looked like he could scoop enough out.  They were mad shiesty.I'll definitely never go here again and I'll just have to wait for LA. If you guys want repeat business or even good feedback, 2 things to improve: (1) larger servings; and (2) have all the entrees available! Now I'm just pissed thinking I don't get to eat cold chinese food for breakfast. And even if I did, I'd probably not be happy because the entrees weren't even really my selection, just what was left. Yeah, I said it again. :/dmo out.
2	Oh, I don't know what I was thinking. I was in a rush as I had to get my oil changed and had to get back in the office for a web conference...craving Chinese food -I saw no other option. I ordered the platter - 2 meats plus one side but I asked if I could swap out a meat for extra veggies. The person working the counter was very polite. So I ended up with the orange chicken, veggies, and rice (plus two spring rolls...although I wanted one not two this apparently isn't an option) for about $8. The chicken was alright - not bad,  the veggies were excellent - steamed but still crunchy and a great variety of green beans, carrots, cabbage, etc but what really bothered me was the rice. I kid you not it tasted like wet dog smells...that's my only description I can offer. I usually love rice and this looked great but the taste was so odd I could only handle a bite before I gave up. The spring rolls were bad...I've had better frozen, no seriously, Pagoda's are better. 1 star for veggies and 1/2 for pretty ok fast food orange chicken and polite serviceI really wouldn't frequent this type of place to begin with and now I know why. Meh ..
3	I cannot tell a lie. Gulp.  I kinda, sorta, maybe, enjoyed my Panda Express...a little. The shame, the shame. It's an unauthentic fast-food version of Chinese fast-food (like Pei-Wei) and in a pinch, it'll do. It was one of those nights where I was at work, didn't know what I wanted to eat, but it sure wasn't the Healthy Choice frozen meal in the freezer. Then it dawned on me, I might as well give Panda Express a shot, since I haven't been there since my teenage years. On my plate, steamed white rice, steamed veggies, Kobari Beef and the Honey Walnut Shrimp. The Kobari beef was salty, slightly spicy and sweet...the shrimp, battered, deep fried and coated in a sweet sauce with candied walnuts.  I felt guilty eating it.  It was obviously not the healthiest meal. (Despite the white rice and steamed veggies...I did a quick Google search and it turned out my meal had well over 1,000 calories, but let's not think about that.) Overall, it is what it is.  Fast-food American Chinese food.  The food isn't necessarily fresh-- although I do see fresh produce in the prep area...the shrimp did have a strange previously-frozen quality. If they offered brown rice and some healthier options, I just may hit it up again when the urge strikes.
2	While I've gone to anther location and had a Great enough time to obviously try it out again. BONG BANG POW.... I was not too happy with the trip. I arrived around 2:30ish. Most/Half of the food looked hours old. Only 2 "spring rolls", 1 shrimp, 3 wonton's (I wanted to take a picture of it but I was with company and didn't want to look "wierd"). My first trip I ENJOYED the pepper chicken, so I tried it again. (had to wait 6 MORE min. because as I stated before..... they didn't have any done already), Fire Cracker Chicken... very hot and fresh.. why??? BECAUSE I had to wait an additional 3 mins.I wanted to order the Potstickers.... WELP.... S.O.L.... "oh.. we musta sold out of them already, we don't have anymore"  Wait... What?? @ 2:30ish.. who is the manager?  He/She is slackin on the job.. you open at 11am.. how can you be sold out of an side item 3 hrs into the day? I probably won't come to this location again. But, I will try the place out again.NOTE: My guest and I notice how much food was put on other patrons plate compaired to ours. To the point the server was saying "Sorry" b/c of all the food that was falling off the plate. I guess it matters who makes your plate.Shucks..
3	You know, for fast food Chinese food, Panda Express isn't bad!  As a practice, I stay away from chicken (It's a little public restaurant phobia of mine.  One bad experience with undercooked chicken will do that to you...) The Coconut Shrimp and Lo Mein I had were great.  So was the Crab Rangoon! The portions are very generous and you are in and out quickly.  Great spot for a tight lunch break or a quick meal.
3	It is Panda Express, so the expectation bar should not be set too high.  Takeout Chinese in a fast food environment is not fine dining, but it serves a purpose - something other than a burger, quickly.  With the light at Seneca and South Blvd, this location is relatively easy to get in and out of regardless of which way you are traveling on South Blvd.  Parking is plentiful even at the busy lunch hour and easy.At the Panda, when I am tired of burgers and running for the border, I usually choose the two entree takeout.  With this you get your choice of fried rice or chow mein (they call it chow mein, it's noodles with some green veggie and I think onion, I honestly haven't paid much attention to it), or I get 1/2 of each.  I have tried the Sweet Fire Chicken and it is a fried chicken in a sweet spicy sauce.  And I think what I had most recently was Beijing Beef, which is a fried beef in a spicy dark sauce.  By no means is this the best Chinese food that I have ever had, but every time I have been, the employees have been friendly and the restaurant is clean.  It is exactly what you would think Chinese fast food take out to be, and sometimes that is all you need.
1	More than likely I won't be back.
1	Really upset they don't serve tofu. At all. Chinese is usually my go to easy to get vegetarian fare but nope. I walked in and walked out. He said it was a regional thing. But beware. No tofu served here.
5	Fresh food, good variety,  friendly staff go here regularly my son loves the cookies and most times they give free samples as well as free drinks
4	This chain has made a LOT of improvements over the past few years, where they fell into the over-saturated restaurant chain abyss. I mean sure it's not as good as your typical "Mom and Pop's" local Chinese place but hey, for a chain, it really HAS improved. I'm basing this on the flavors and RELATIVE (key point) quality. IF you get the food fresh from the hot Woks, it's really pretty good. IF it's been sitting in the food warmer for hours....NOT so much.And yes, the food does have lots of breading and it's not "authentic" Chinese by ANY stretch of the imagination! But is it tasty? Yup. A decent option? Yup again.I'm not sure why this location got poor reviews.....I've only been in here a few times and each time the service was pleasant and quick....the food, again, pretty good FOR A CHAIN. So I give it 4 stars in a very relative context.
4	Yea, it's not the absolute best Chinese food. But I really like some of the options there. The honey sesame chicken and the honey walnut shrimp are my two favorites! Sometimes you just want some good ole Panda! Other the past few years this chain has definitely stepped it up!
3	While I was out running some errands I passed Panda Express and wanted to give it a try. I arrived around 12:00 and check out the variety of samplings they offer. Everything from soup, rice, noodles, chicken, shrimp and steak I was torn. I was able to sample some items and decided to go with fried rice, chicken with string beans and beef with broccoli. The fried rice was could have been warmer and was missing a little soy, or flavor. The beef with broccoli was delicious, however the chicken and string beans was covered in a heavy sauce, and could have definitely been warmer, like the rice. Overall it was good, I mean it is a fast food/takeout Chinese restaurant.
