4	Carveli provides the ultimate in comfort food.  Their pizzas are of the heftier variety, with thick crust and abundant cheese.  My personal favourite is the Greek-style bean soup, or Fasolada. It's always accompanied by their made-in-house lightly fried pita bread triangles, perfect for dipping.I'm also a big fan of their pita-based sandwiches, the chicken brochette in particular.  Served with a massive helping of tzatziki sauce, it's a messy treat.  The meat is not as tender as that served at Marathon Souvlaki, but the fresh pita is far superior.The two main issues I have with Carveli are that delivery times can be exceedingly long, resulting in less-than-hot food upon arrival, and that the restaurant itself is a bit of a dive.  Do not go there looking for ambience, and you won't be disappointed.
5	Be careful, because once you tried their fried pita triangles, you'll keep going back for more! If you're in the mood for some tasty Greek or Italian food, this should be a top choice. It's a cozy place off the beaten track on Cote St. Luc road, but it's worth it.They have a rich thick Tzatziki sauce and tender chicken in my favorite, the souvlaki pita. My suggestions: Souvlaki plate or pitaVeal Parmigiana
5	Whoaaaaa, the best pizza in Montreal, right HERE! Ordered a "Carveli Special" pizza (pep, bacon, black olives, onions, cheese, mushrooms) and it was really really GOOD. They don't skimp! We also ordered a fry and their fries are also unique and really GOOD. We found that the price was more than reasonable for the food we got.... it was so GOOD. We'll be ordering there again!
3	I've ordered delivery from here twice in the last week. The first time I had the 2 chicken sticks deal, and I found the chicken tasty but dry. It was a very average lunch. I then had the chicken stir fry with peppers, and that was better. Tasty meal. Rice was good too, but the potatoes were not. Insignificant side salad comes with all meals. I used to eat in often enough when I lived in the area. The food is fine. I wouldn't go out of my way for it though.
