4	There is a wonderful little book shop in Phoenix that has opened within walking distance of my home.   That makes me a happy camper.  My 80 year old friend, a former newspaper reporter took me there today.. If it excited him, I wanted to see it!My first reaction was it reminded me of the little independent book sellers I used to find in San Diego in Hillcrest, before the big chains moved in.  It has a real neighborhood feel to it, a place to browse at the end of a long day or just when you have a little time to relax.  It's a small space that has books on quite a few subjects without seeming clutter and disorganized.  They have used the space wisely.  Sven, the owner, said they used to be located near 7th and Osborn, but I don't remember it.  The best way to tell you is that you will ding this shop in the same strip center as Luci's Marketplace.  What some people don't now is there is parking in the back as well.  There's not a lot of parking spaces in front so don't let that stop you.Because I was on my evening walk with my friend, I didn't have time to really spend looking around the shop.  It certainly has an inviting atmosphere.  Want to saver some money, lol, who doesn't.  The Grand Opening is Black Friday,  November 29th and 30th,  Everything in the store will be 20% off.They buy, sell and trade and more.  Check out the website.
5	As I get older, I am beginning to notice how quickly stores appear and disappear in a blink of an eye.   Thankfully, my eyes were open on a recent trip down 16th street.  Catching sight of the quaint little bookstore, I decided to stop by and investigate.  The atmosphere is fantastic.  Though relatively small, the store offers a large selection with clear and organized categories.  The vanilla smell of the pages, a subtle hint of incense, and soft indie playlist in the background are most welcoming. The staff typically comprises of one person (occasionally accompanied by a friendly canine).  They let you wander without interference, but are happy to help when you need something.I hope this gem sticks around for awhile.  Keep those philosophy books in stock.
5	I was so happy to stumble upon this little book store today with a friend! They had a fantastic selection of classical lit. They also make it very easy to browse through their other categories. I wish I had gotten her name but there was a very friendly girl to offer a hello and some assistance with a smile on her face. I am in love, punch card started =)
4	I love This store and they have awesome selection and prices on everything.
