5	OMG. The most delicious empanadas I've ever had...and the sauce is to die for. I almost lapped it all up out of the container like a puppy who had just been on a long hike.
4	I got to check this place out tonight at the Madison Meet & Eat (http://www.cityofmadison.com/parks/celebrate/madisonmeetandeat.cfm) - so yummy. My sister raved about the empanadas and I jus love me a tasty churro so we were all happy! I only sampled a small bit of their fare, hence the 4 stars - hopefully I can try them again and see what else I like :)
5	Garlic and plantain delish.This is the real deal, although they don't have any mariscos options. It's great, friendly service by a guy who clearly knows what he's doing. The sauce is bomb, don't pass it up.
4	I really enjoy Caracas!  The guys who run the cart are really friendly and the empanadas are delicious!  I really appreciate the vegetarian options that they have.  They could easily have a "just cheese" option, but there is always a roasted garlic or black bean or plantain creation.  I am going to warn you, if you try the green cilantro sauce, you will be hooked for life.Cash Only.Each empananda is less than $3.00.
5	This Library Mall empanada truck is wonderful and a must-try if you need a hot snack. The pulled pork and chicken empanadas are delicious with the savory, spicy green sauce, and I like the plantain and garlic empanada when it's on special. And if I need a dessert to go with my lunch, I like to spring for a strawberry chocolate or banana chocolate empanada. Greasy, piping hot with powdered sugar, I love them. The churro is also excellent and worth your time, especially for only $1.50. There are new filled churros as well.The owner is from Venezuela and is always professional and kind. A food truck gem.
5	So perfect.  They have empanadas ranging from pulled pork, to chocolate, to garlic plantain. The garlic plantain is the most delicious thing, just perfect.  All the ones that are $2.75 are 2/$5, which makes this a very reasonable price for how fresh and tasty it is.  Can't say enough good things about it.
5	Absolutely delicious!  Fried but not too heavy or greasy.  Plantain and garlic is amazing, as is black bean and cheese.  I need to try more varieties!
5	The best empanadas in Madison.Not greasy, nicely crisped, perfect filling/dough ratio, carefully crafted, and bold flavors. So cravable and perfect. Go...find them now.
5	Been a while, empanadas! Be it your ground beef, chicken or the sweet one: bananas and chocolate or only chocolate, you're always delectable!Get 2 for $5 for the former and $2 for any sweet one! The man has always been nice! Leave some tip for their delish food and sweet service! And your day will be so much brighter :)
5	I've been craving empanadas and as a relatively new Madison transplant didn't know if I could find any here. Now I know!I got one that was chocolate and banana (amazing) and another that I don't remember the name of but it had rice, black beans, and plantains and was fantastic! Definitely get some of the green sauce, cilantro/garlicy goodness! Oh, also the mango smoothie was great.The guy who works there got a little excited when he saw me taking a picture and asked if I would review it on Yelp, so here I am. And I'll be back there every time I go to farmer's market.
5	Tried this place for the first time at Taste of Madison 2013. I had the plantain empanada. It was sooooo good that I went back for a second one. And that sauce! I would eat my own shoe if it was covered in that sauce. Unfortunately my second visit wasn't until Taste of Madison 2014. I made a beeline for this place, got one plantain and one beef, and the empanadas were just as good, maybe better, than I remembered. Oh Caracas Empanadas...how I love thee :  ) I really need to make this more than just a once a year thing!
5	I still think of the plantain with cilantro sauce I had at Taste of Madison last week. Awesome. I will come back to this place each time I am in Madison now.
5	This is the only food cart I go to while at the farmers' market. I made it a Saturday morning tradition! Their shredded beef and cheese empanada is my favorite. The gusacaca sauce is super delicious and I usually go through two small portion cups. This sauce is not spicy and the cilantro flavor is just a party in your mouth. The hot sauce is also great, but be careful because it definitely is spicy! I usually buy a  shredded beef empanada and I will get their veggie special if it interests me. I really like their cheese and corn veggie special and they tend to have that one often. I can't wait for the spring to start so that I can enjoy their empanadas once again!
5	Shredded beef and cheese in a deep fried pastry shell and slathered with a zesty homemade Guasacaca sauce - how can you go wrong with that!  The short answer: you can't.  Caracas Empanada flat out serves up some of the best Latin comfort food in town.Chef Luis Dompablois grew up in Caracas and his food cart is dedicated to showcasing scrumptious Latin American street food.  His most popular item, also the trailer's namesake, is the Venezuelan-style empanada that he serves fresh and crispy.  Encased in a flakey flour shell, these industrial-grade treats come in a wide variety of fillings (ground beef and cheese, shredded beef and cheese, chicken, pulled pork, cheese) and pack serious flavor.While empanadas are exceptional, adding plenty of tangy Guasacaca sauce makes them otherworldly.  Trust me on that.If you have a sweet tooth, don't forget to check out the dessert empanadas (chocolate, strawberry and chocolate, banana and chocolate, apple and cinnamon) - they are just as spectacular.  On the other hand, if churros are more your thang, Caracas Empanadas serves up a fine, fine version of this deep fried treat.
5	So my dad lived in South America for a few years as a child. Ever since that time (in the early 60s) he has been trying to replicate the wonderful experience he had of beef empanadas in Colombia. He's been to innumerable places, and my family honestly thought it was impossible, that nostalgia made it an unreplicable experience. He came to visit a couple weeks ago. He spotted the food truck down town and wanted to try it. And he said it was the first time he had an empanada that tasted like his childhood in Bogota. They are absolutely delicious. The shell is what makes it, which has basically two different layers. We had both the pork and the beef, which were equally amazing. I don't think I could find a better endorsement than my dad. He loved them.
4	It is basically ritual that I visit empanada man during the Saturday farmer's market. All my friends know this. This is what gets me out of bed on Saturday mornings. Their empandas are amazing. And if they weren't amazing enough their sauces bump it up to a whole other level.Mmmm.....that sauce. And I read on another review that you can apparently buy it in bulk! I could drink that sauce. (probably not a good idea though)My favorites are the shredded beef and cheese. And the guava and cream cheese, beware that guava can be hot! I would wait for this particular empanada to cool down a bit before taking a bite.You can't go wrong with any of the choices though. The owner is super nice and very interesting to talk to, has a cool story of where he is from and how the cart came to be. One time the wind blew the churro I just ordered out of my hand and he gave me a new one free of charge. Everyone should go eat these empanadas! You won't regret it..
