3	Husband made a reservation here on our wedding anniversary. The ambiance of the restaurant was cozy intimate especially since we we're seated in our own corner booth. There is a delicate piano playing in the background, I have no idea if it was being played in a grand piano or just from the sound system. It was definitely romantic since its dimly lit with votive candles floating on each of the tables. The only draw back was the noise of the other diners drowns out the background music.Hubby enjoyed his prime rib with baked potato, while I thought my salmon was over cooked and the risotto was nutty and raw to the bite. The only saving grace was the chocolate covered strawberry but who can mess that up really?! Would I have dinner again in this restaurant? Ofcourse I will, but I've had better meal elsewhere.
4	Good food and great ambiance but I think that's a given when the cost is so high but over all I'm still always satisfied with the food at Charcoal Steak House. The service was as always very good, our waiter was friendly, attentive and helpful with regards to any questions asked, and we asked alot.One thing I have to say is I miss the old peppercorn sauce they had for their steak, I beleive it was a brandy peppercorn...it was delicious!! Most everything I tried here was really good except the bruschetta and the french onion soup. The bruschetta was a little bland and tasteless which I found odd as it's not exactly a difficult dish. I've weighed the odds decided it's fine because anything I've ever ordered for dinner has been excellent and same with the desserts so from now on I will skip the app's and opt for dessert instead. If your a fan at all of chocolate save room for The Dark Side chocolate cake, it's amazing!
5	This place is INCREDIBLE!  I myself am Vegetarian, but my girlfriend eats meat.  And she said it was hands down the BEST Steak she has ever had.  It was so juicy and soft you could cut it with a fork.  I have a curried veggie, chickpea, over basmati rice wrapped in grilled zucchini and it was perfect, I loved every last bite.The atmosphere is relaxing and dim, really good for a nice night out. the service is top knotch, our server was the most pleasant woman.   They have a gigantic drink menu, and really well mixed.  The head chef Dan is very personable and inviting.  The prices are that of "the keg", but the food is a million times better. It was worth every penny.  I cant wait to return.
4	You've gotta love it when the vendor you are visiting is a foodie, and his sales manager REALLY knows his wine.  I was brought to Charcoal last week, and I still am left with the fond recollection of Brown Sugar Crusted Pig Tail... yes... the curly part of the pig.  It was so succulent & tender... fall off the bone good!  It was so good, that my traveling partner, a notoriously picky eater, gave it a try... and LOVED it.  The Horseradish Crust on the Prime Rib was good, but probably wasn't the best choice.  That being said, it was still a great steak.  It was tender, & flavorful.  Just as Prime Rib should be.  Definitely done right.Dessert was sublime.  I am an admitted Creme Brulee junkie.  If it's on the menu, the other offerings become nonexistent to me.  This Brulee stands among the best I have ever had.  The sugar was crisp, the custard was creamy & smooth.  I am wishing I has one right now.  So good!All in all, Charcoal was the highlight of my trip.  I shall be seeking an excuse to go to Ontario again soon!!!
2	This place is known for being the best steakhouse in KW, so I was really looking forward to a belated Valentines Day dinner. I can't tell you how disappointed I was!  I was anticipating melt-in-your-mouth prime rib but it was tough, tasteless and chewy.  And the garlic mashed potatoes that came with it were neither garlicky nor fresh...they were congealed and gritty like yesterday's leftovers.  I didn't even touch them.  My hubby's strip loin was way overcooked, beyond well-done.  I was dumbfounded at how bad the meal was.  Our waiter claimed that it had been a very busy night and the kitchen was trying to catch up.  (Our food did take  a long time to arrive, which was ok because we were having a nice leisurely meal.)  He gave us the option of having another steak cooked or taking the cost of the meal off the bill.   We opted for the latter because by that point we were so disappointed we just wanted to leave.  On a positive note, the service was impeccable; hence, the 2 star rating instead of 1.  A terrible shame about the food though...we will go to The Keg next time I've got a hankering for prime rib or steak.
1	I have been coming here for years, today was a huge disappointment on all fronts except for the wait staff. That is why one star. This place is known for its steak, French onion soup and Caesar saad. Lets start with the soup. It used to be a bubbling crust of cheese topping a delicious onion broth. Today's soup was a piece of bread floating atop the soup with a few shavings of cheese on top. The Caesar salad had way too much tasteless out of a bottle cream dressing on lettuce (some of which was not romaine. A few out of the box croutons poured on top. Tasteless. I requested Parmesan cheese. My so called strip loin was over cooked sub par with grizzle along part of  the outside and seasoned with some sort of dried parsley out of a bottle. My fries were tiny stubs of leftover French fries and the veggies we did not order but came on the plate looked like a frozen medley of stir fried and soggy veg. My husbands prime rib which he ordered well done and an end cut came out a rare center cut. He sent that back and ended up with a dried and grizzly inedible piece of meat.  I ordered 2,glasses of Pinot was given two completely different glasses of wine. It will BeCa very long time before I venture though the doors of this place again.
5	I've been here three times over the past three years, and had steak every time. The steak is delicious, hands down the best I have ever had. They tell you where the steak is from, and its always extremely close. I can still remember a steak I had there two and a half years ago, enough said. The wait staff is very friendly, and the ambiance is great.
4	Had a great meal here. Baseball steak was cooked perfectly, the peppercorn sauce was excellent. We also had very good service
5	Food is great !!
4	We celebrated my nephew's first communion here...the service and food was fabulous.Here's our blog post about the experience:http://tipsareincluded.blogspot.ca/2013/05/charcoal-steak-house.htmlThe Charcoal Steakhouse is a great place for dinner...or lunch...or brunch...
4	The food is great, but given the price it pretty much had to be.Excellent quality and the wine list is very good.
4	I'm surprised Charcoal does not have many reviews. I've heard of this place since my days in university 4-5 years ago.I arrived here with colleagues after a rather long day in the office. I was given a recommendation to try the pig tail - and got very intrigued at the idea.My order consisted of:- An order of Braised Pigtails: Braised and grilled with Charcoal barbecue sauce or sweet brown sugar sauce, apple marmalade.- A 12oz portion of the Slow Roasted Prime Rib with a side of garlic mashed potatoesI was honestly surprised when the pigtails came out. I had some naive childhood imagination that a pigtail would be small, round and curly. Instead what came out resembled more of a 'rib' in appearance/size but upon closer inspection, you realize that it is a series of connected bones.The flavour was delicious - I really enjoyed the barbecue sauce on them. In terms of texture, I would say it had a lot of cartilage - and that the meat came off the bone rather easily. I would compare it to the texture of chicken feet found in Chinese cuisine.Remember - use your hands when eating these. Forego the knife and fork. I managed to splatter sauce on my dress shirt and suit - trying to play it safe/clean.The 12oz prime rib was very nice and tender. I ordered the dish medium-rare, and it definitely came out exactly as so. The horseradish was intense and packed quite a bit of flavour to it. I really like prime rib and would come back again for it.All in all, we all had a very enjoyable meal. I wouldn't hesitate coming back again and trying some of their other steaks, or their ribs. Check it out!
3	I've stayed at the Radisson on two occasions for business and eaten here at least 3 times.  Needless to say, this is my go-to for a bite when I don't want to drive around town.The last time I went I enjoyed the french onion soup to start.  The cheese and crostini were awesome, however the broth is very sweet for a french onion soup.  I can't really recommend it.  For my entree I enjoyed the blackened trout.  It was seasoned very well and not overly spicy, which is sometimes a problem with blackened items.  The quinoa was pretty good with it and offset the blackened seasoning well.  The two wines I had were okay but for restaurant going for top-class I expected more body amongst the list.The other times I've been here for steak have been great.  Truly a good place to get a steak but that was too far in the past to give a fair review of current practice.  Stop in if you want a good, gourmet bite with good service.
5	Great food, great service!We went here three times so far. The first two times, I got a steak and it was so good. I never ever regret coming here, especially when I have that first bite. The prime rib is great too, I'm just not sure it's my thing. They used to have a normal baked potato as a side, but for some reason they got rid of that. They offer a twice-baked potato now, which is good too but I don't like it as much. I miss my beloved normal baked potato :( The side veggies are also interesting, I like how they feature something a little different each time, like kale and beets. Yum. Mashed potatoes are a decent choice as well. Another note: there were these really awesome tiny dinner buns that came at the beginning of our meal and they got replaced by these flaky cheese pastry things. They are good, don't get me wrong, but it's like eating tasty air.Let them know if it's your birthday and they'll include a mint-chocolate chip dessert on the house. The creme brulee is relatively generous with its portion, a little on the eggy side. The flourless chocolate cake could be denser, but that's just because I love me some chocolate. For Valentine's day, they gave us little two macarons instead of mints with the bill. They were not very good macarons, but I really appreciate the gesture!Again, the service is great. They're never afraid to chat and share a bit of their own lives with you, but they give you your space. The manager always comes around at least once to ask how everything is going. You have to come here at least once.
5	My fiancee and I recently went here to celebrate our engagement. The service was excellent. The waiter had a very good knowledge of the wines and the menu. Will definitely come back here for any special occasion.
4	We were in a party of 8 on a very busy night (Friday before Christmas) and received fantastic attention and service from the waitress and the attendants despite the staff being obviously busy.  There was a slight mixup in the order for two of our guests which was quickly and courteously addressed.  Food is always good at the Charcoal, but this time, not quite as good as in our past experience, but very good nevertheless.  I had ribs (dinner sized serving) (not quite as juicy as in the past), excellent garlic mashed potatoes.  Vegetable were nicely done.  My spouse had 8 oz prime rib and baked potato which was very good.  We shared a creme brule.  Cost for two with one drink was $91 with tax.
