1	Hmmm...........no. I definitely will not be returning here. Got kind of a wierd vibe walking through the door, there was a lack of cleanliness about the place that made me re-think getting in line. But I did. I noticed they had coffee smoothies, so I asked the guy behind the counter if those were available in decaf. Blank stare. I spoke up and asked again. Blank stare. And then...a shake of the head no. OKAY...looked around at the prepared foods and baked goods, none of which looked in the least bit appealing. At the risk of making a bad pun, the only thing Just Fresh about this place was the attitudes of the servers.
3	Just Fresh was just what I needed for a quick bite to eat in the middle of the day. As part of the Queen City Tour break, Just Fresh was located in the shopping plaza we stopped in. I ordered the Bellissimo hot wrap and my husband ordered a veggie sandwich. A side is included: fruit cup or potato salad (I think there were other choices, but those were what we picked). As I was eating my lunch I thought, "This tastes...fresh, just fresh." I think that is how they got their name. It did the trick and I enjoyed it.For something fast, fresh, and will not make you feel guilty about eating, try Just Fresh.
3	It's not that I hate Just Fresh, it's that I'm not head over heels in love with it. However, if I do go to a Just Fresh, it's definitely this location. I prefer to go for dinner since there is rarely anyone else in there. It's creepy yet comforting at the same time for somewhere in Dilworth to be dead. They're open to 8pm on the weeknights though so that could be the reason? They have a great selection of "just fresh" sandwiches, soups, salads, etc. Their mozzabella salad is one of my favorites out there and they have a good selection of vegetarian friendly items. Plus they offer a punch card for sandwiches and salads so when you get ten, you get a free one, who doesn't love that??Free wifi too and quick!
2	Just Fresh seemed a bit stale to me.  This restaurant reminds me of McAlisters crossed with Panera and then cheapened somehow.  I was hoping it would be better since the guy I went with seemed smitten with the place but I have had better.  Granted, I am not a chain fan but even still, I expect more from a place called Just Fresh.  The food was not fresh by any means and the employees seemed to be just slogging through their shift.
3	A decent place to hang out, similar to Panera Bread or such. Power outlets available at the booths along the walls. Free wi-fi. Some seats outside overlook East Blvd if you want to watch the passers-by.I found it to be quieter than Starbucks and I'm a fan of free refills on coffee. The chocolate chip with walnuts cookie was excellent.The parking lot is rather tight and most of the spaces are for compacts. Which seems to stop no one from cramming their SUV in there.
3	Friendly staff, great food, atmosphere is fast-foodish. I will continue to eat here.
2	The food was stale, not fresh.My wife and I went here on Sunday for lunch. She had a cinnamon roll: dry and stale. I had the Little Red Rooster wrap; the wrapbread was stale and crunchy and very hard to chew.On the plus side, the facility is great. Plenty of seating, free Wi-Fi, and a nice large shaded outdoor patio.
2	This chain was kind of a fail. Not an epic fail, mind you. More like a mediocre, "why the hell did I waste my money on this sub-par lunch" fail.I got a chicken salad salad. Service was 3.5 stars, they were happy to swap out a spinach base for the romaine. Salad didn't really taste like much. A bunch of random ingredients thrown haphazardly together in a massive portion with a huge side of bread. Sort of like eating at the Olive Garden: come for the crappy food, stay for the weight gain.Yeah, I won't be back.
3	Good sandwich place, great location right by Harris Teeter-convenient for meeting someone for lunch.  It's similar to a Panera or Crisp (which happens to be right across the street) and is perfect for healthier fare options.
4	I have always loved Just Fresh. Yes, they may be a little pricey on some items, but their food is top quality and "fresh." You can't go wrong with a combo at lunch-it's cheap and delicious! Conveniently located in Dilworth in the Harris Teeter parking lot.
4	Fresh, yes. The salads are much better than the sandwiches, in my opinion. Great place for lunch and if you can get nice weather, a great place to sit outside too. The staff was very friendly and helped with cleaning up tables after I ate and finished up a little laptop work.
2	Unfortunately my past two visits have been very disappointing.  The service appears to be very inconsistent, one day the staff is friendly and great, the other rude and almost annoyed. I have tried many of the soups, all pretty bland.  The chicken noodle soup, on my last visit, was thick noodles with one piece of chicken and NO flavor. The vegetable is missing a little flavor as well and the broccoli cheddar, where is the broccoli? Unlike other places, one I will not name, that serves amazing broccoli florets, Just Fresh serves the brocooli stems in a runny cheese sauce...I'll pass! As for the sandwhiches, definitely nothing to write home about.  And, one thing to note, both sandwiches I have tried were wrong.. So, if this is a to-go order, around lunch time, be sure to check your bag for the right sandwich.
