5	Great Gym.....Very CLEAN, nice staff and pleasant smiling members!!
5	Easily the best gym in the C-U area: clean, super friendly staff (how many gym owners will take half an hour out of their day to personally help fix your technique with nothing asked in return?), always somebody willing to give you a spot (including staff), Crossfit/Olympic lifting/powerlifting friendly, great facilities, never a long wait for equipment.Plenty of cardio equipment: bikes, treadmills, ellipticals, Concept 2 rowers, kettlebells, etc.  I hear the classes are great too, though I haven't been to any yet.I've honestly never been to a gym with so many friendly members and such a great staff, and I've been to a lot of gyms.Did I mention that the rates are competitive with any gym in town? And the couples rate is ridiculously low.
5	I would highly recommend this gym to anyone who is on a budget and needs a quality place to work out. At $25/month automatic debit, dollar-for-dollar the best value gym I've been to, period, anywhere. This gym has basically everything you could ask for, whether you are just  starting out trying to get in shape or are an experienced weightlifter. Amazingly, they had a lot of things that many commercial gyms lack, and in this regard top even some of the more expensive gyms in town. They have dumbbells running from 1 lb up to 150 or more lbs. They have three sets of rings. They have bumper plates. They have a variety of barbells, from extra fat grips to bars with smoother knurling and good spring for deadlifts and olympic lifts. They have tires and atlas stones and bands available for your use. And chalk. You can use chalk anywhere in the gym. And they don't give you the business for grunting. I would pay $25 per month just for a place to put chalk on my hands and grunt, and these glorious bastards even allow me to lift weights while doing it.I don't fully agree with the Crossfit philosophy, which a lot of people at the gym seem to follow, but no one has given me grief for doing my own thing. I have thus far had little contact with the personal trainers in the gym. They seem to be mostly competent from what I have seen, in that I haven't seen them making their clients do anything dangerous, pointless, or stupid.I thought it might also be helpful to list the things Truly Fit lacks, which in my opinion are not enough to give it less than five stars simply because of the value you get:They have only one power rack and one squat rack, which doubles as a t-bar row setup. On the other hand, not a lot of people use them. Good news for someone like me who likes to spend 30+ minutes in the rack.They don't have a dedicated deadlift platform. However, as far as I can tell you can deadlift basically anywhere, and the floor everywhere is rubber. Ok, maybe this is a pro. They don't have the plates for super heavy deads/squats -- no Ivanko or similar plates. They have four 100-lb plates, and combined with their standard 45-lb plates you might be able to safely load 600-700 lbs on the bar. So the .01% of the population who needs weights this big might be out of luck. They don't have a deadlift jack.Their "foam rollers" are basically thin foam wrapped around PVC pipe, which I find kind of cheesy. But they do the job, so whatever.The handicapped shower in the men's locker room doesn't really have a setting between ice cold and boiling hot.hth
5	Truly Fit has emerged as a premier local gym under new management.  This gym is very diverse and accommodates to just about anyone.  Membership cost are very reasonable and the facility is clean.  The staff is extremely friendly, personable, and encouraging.  Nobody enjoys stalling their workout waiting on equipment.  I've never had this problem at Truly Fit due to the vast equipment they offer.  The new owner, Mike, has a passion for helping his members achieve their goals and it shows.  He's always there, offering tips, and listening to his member's feedback.  I highly recommend this gym, hence the five stars.
1	I had canceled my membership 3 months ago and found out I was still being charged. :(I was refunded but still it sucked that I was being charged and was told by a staff member they would take care of it. They didnt but owner did & cut me check for it right there. I'm still going 2 bank 2 make sure payment will stop deducting.  Just a lot of work 2 cover your but.
5	Some of the equipment is a little worn but the place is priced more than fairly.  This place has a good balance of free weights, cross fit equipment (including a big a** tractor tire out back), cardio equipment, and weight machines.  It also has a decent sized studio which regularly hosts yoga classes, boxing, etc.  They also have a small play room with some toys for kids.It isn't the biggest gym on the planet but it is appropriately sized given the amount of members it has.  I rarely had to wait on equipment.The owner and his regular crew are extremely friendly and helpful.  I never had any hesitation whenever I needed a spot.  The atmosphere is much less judgmental and off-putting than most gyms.  Even the people who are obviously in superior shape don't come off as pricks.  Everyone is there to simply go about their workout and lets everyone else pretty much do their own thing.I only stopped going because I moved to the far west side of Champaign which made the location a little inconvenient.  If a Truly Fit ever opens up on my side of town then I'd be the first to sign up.
