4	Located in the mall at the Stratosphere, as we were walking around we came across this very cool store. Elegant, organized store that was eye catching. As we walked in they had hundreds of anklets to choose from in ever size imaginable. Both silver, gold and multi colored beads. The couple that owns the store were originally from Chicago and they were very pleasant. All of a sudden as I am checking everything out I see my sister sitting with the owner and a huge roll out cabinet and she is trying toe ring's on my sister. Toe ring's that are custom fit for your cute little toesies. How cool is that? I have never seen them before. Every size, every design that you can imagine. Sterling silver or real gold and even diamond toe rings that were gorgeous! We both just had to get some. The cool thing is they are individual rings and they price them out based on usually three rings and you wear them together. Rope designs, diamond cut, smooth, etc... so much of a selection to choose from. My sister purchased a set and so did I. They are very comfortable, will not slide off, you can not even feel them, including when your toes are mashed in your high heels. Then I liked them so much I bought the matching thumb rings. I adore thumb rings but they are never comfortable. My sister said they were a bit high on prices, especially for the diamonds but I am happy with my purchase. They write down your size and can order on line and they will ship to you if you want to add more bands. Nice store, friendly service. Keep in mind they will not work with you on price. My sister inquired about purchasing two sets and getting a discount but they would not take anything off. They basically lost a sale for like $5, so to each their own. Check this place out for some cool toe rings, thumb ring's or anklets.
5	Several  years ago we celebrated our wedding anniversary @ the stratosphere while visiting my son in Las Vegas,after dinner we went shopping around the mall and happened to check out these beautiful displays of Jewelries @ CLEO'S.We were greated by a very nice couple who happen to be the owners of the place,very pleasant,  answers all the questions we needed to know about the bracelets and anklets we're checking out and very satisfied with the services they provided for us,one day one of the chain links broke so I called them and mailed it to them since we live in Sacramento,California and as soon as they received the item,they either fixed it or sent us a brand new one free of charge,every 2 years we make sure that we visit CLEO'S  every time we see my grandchildren in Vegas and we continue to support them whether the owners are there or not,Their customer service is really great, wonderful people,they have the knowledge about their products &  the prices are very reasonable,they have multiple varieties  of cool looking jewelries from head to toe., so check them out ,you will not be dis appointted.
5	Went in to purchase a toe ring. Very friendly, and fast service. Cute shop. Sales lady very helpful. Tried on a few styles and left with my new ring on.
