1	I purchased a sectional and TV stand from this company the end of April 2012. At the time I purchased them I told them I could not take delivery until the end of May because I was moving and would have the furniture delivered to my new home.  The furniture was delivered on May 23, 2012.  The workers unwrapped the furniture on the truck.  I hhad to leave to go home to Wisconsin for a memorial service from June 8-June 13.  On June 16 I noticed two very small tears in the wedge section of the sectional seat.  I immediately called La Casona and was told that someone would call me back.  I waited one week and called again, I was told someone would call me back.  I waited again until July 3 and asked to speak to the manager, he was not available but did return the phone call the next day.  I missed his call and returned it the following day, July 5.  He requested that I send him pictures, I did but they did not go through which I did not find out until 2 weeks later when I called to check on the progress.  I re-sent the pictures and a week later he advised me that they could not fix the problem and suggested that I contact an upholstery service. I did have a company come over nd they advised me that the tears were caused by a razor blade probably caused when unwrapping the furniture.  I called another company and they told me the same thing.  When I told them I did not notice the tear when delivered, they told me that is not unusual because they were probably so minute,that it was just barely a scrape, but that when the fabric relaxed and the furniture was moved or my dogs walked over it they became mre pronounced.  I contacted the furniture store with the results, asking that they replace the piece or pay fppr the repair (375.00) and they have not responded.  Bottom line-between the horrible customer service and the fact that the furniture is not inexpensive, purchase from a more reputable company there are several within a mile of the store (Room Store, Mor Furniture, Ashley) all of which will probably stand behind their furniture.
2	Ordered multiple pieces of custom furniture, and spent over $7000 with La Casona.  The quality of the custom furniture is quite good, but the customer service was extremely poor.  There were multiple delays in delivery, and a 6-8 week window quickly grew to over 3 months.  The furniture was also delivered incorrect twice, and the staff blamed a previous manager.  I correctly pointed out that the previous manager's notes on my invoice were extremely clear, and not only did they obviously not pay enough attention, but that they seemed to ignore all of my instructions over the phone as well.After all of the inconvenience and delay, I was offered $50 off my next furniture order.  That's pretty unimpressive as far as I'm concerned.  I expect much more than such a paltry and unconcerned response to the multiple mistakes made.The only reason my response was 2 stars was because the quality of the furniture that is outsourced to Mexico is really pretty good.  I wish I could just do business with their Mexican carpenter.
5	The quality of the furniture is excellent. I could have spent almost twice as much for lesser quality furniture at other furniture stores in Phoenix. If you can imagine it they can design it. My dining room table and chairs are beautiful!!!!!! Thanks La Casona.
5	My husband and I are very impressed with La Casona.  We had custom bedroom furniture made with lots of specifications to fit our bedroom.  From the quality of the wood, to the exact measurements we needed, to excellent customer service, we would definitely return to La Casona for future purchases.  We noticed all the people going to IKEA next door but this furniture is artwork and truly high quality.  Well worth the price.  We worked with Sal and the store owner and they were extremely patient with our requests (measurements, stain color, different pulls, etc).  Thank you La Casona!
5	My husband and I are very impressed with La Casona.  We had custom bedroom furniture made with lots of specifications to fit our bedroom.  From the quality of the wood, to the exact measurements we needed, to excellent customer service, we would definitely return to La Casona for future purchases.  We noticed all the people going to IKEA next door but La Casona Furniture is artwork and truly high quality.  Well worth the price.  We worked with Sal and Jose and they were extremely patient with our requests (measurements, stain color, different pulls, etc) and had great follow-up and follow-through.  Thank you La Casona!
