5	I was in the market for a new pool service.  I'm very particular about service, especially expect what I pay for - and not settle.    When I sent out for more information from various pool servicing companies, San Tan was not just quick to reply, but detailed, and asked more questions than any other place.  I took that as a good sign that they weren't just going to skim leaves.   San Tan Pool Services has beyond past our expectations!  They are friendly, professional, and our pool never has looked so good in the few years they have been taking care of it!    Why write up a review now??   We're moving; and if we ever have a pool, know anyone with a pool, I would recommend them 200%.    They will accommodate your needs, regardless of the size of your pool.Thank you San Tan, you've made our pool beautiful and crystal clear - inspire of dust storms and those darn sissoo trees!!!
5	When we were purchasing our house a few years ago my husband really wanted to get one with a pool but I thought it would be too hard to take care of it. So he promised that he would do all the work. Within months of moving in to our new home he was searching for pool companies. Apparently his idea of doing the work to take care of the pool is writing a check every month. We went thru a couple of different pool cleaning companies that ended up being a disappointment to me because there were times that the pool didn't look as clean as it should and were a disappointment to him because they still expected him to do part of the work like purchase the chlorine pellets, do the surface netting, and maintain the equipment.We have been using San Tan for a few years and couldn't be happier. They take care of everything for us and keep our pool looking great. They supply all the chemicals and if anything related to the pump or pool vac breaks or needs to be replaced they take care of that, too. We literally have to do zero work ourselves. As I mentioned, my husband is usually the one who pays the bills and communicates with the San Tan Pool folks. However, we recently had the pool drained to acid wash the pebble tec (they recommend this every 5 years) and I had the opportunity to watch the husband and wife team in action since I was working from home that day. They took great care to make sure everything went smoothly and were very diligent in the cleaning. They even took care of the white line around the water's edge and fixed a crack in the decking. Our pool now looks like its brand new!I highly recommend this company.
1	Not worth your time or money!  Pool Tech will nap in his car and smoke in your yard for 30-40 minutes then rush to dump a bunch of chemicals in your pool.  When you voice concerns to the owners they apologize, but nothing changes.  Chemicals left in my pool stained my newly resurfaced slide, but when I called to report it another excuse was given.
