5	I had a awesome experience here Friday night. The food was prepared prefectly and was fabulous. I had the Lobster rav topped with scallops and shirmp in a tomato basil cream sauce. The entire meal was cooked to prefection and the sauce was amazing. Katie had brolied sole topped with crabmeat in a casino style butter sauce. Again, perfect!!   The chef is amazing and the staff is excellent. The management runs the dinner rush flawlessly and in a professional manner. Franco's ranks in the top 3 if not number 1 for Italian fare in the city!!
3	3.5Pretty big dining area and bar.  The food was actually pretty good, especially the marinara sauce.  Salads tasted fresh, the soup was good.  Why only 3.5?  The service was lacking a bit.  The ultra-standout...fried zucchini
3	SOLID ITALIAN MENU. NICE AND COZY.My hubby, myself and my bro headed here in search of some good Italian now that our fav place Cafe Naples is gone. So we headed to Dormont near where my bro lives to try out Franco's. First off - bread is awesome- pretty sure it's not in house made though. We started with some fried zukes and the calamari except we tried their Asian style calamari and that is my pick of the night for menu fav! Sadly, for our main courses I had order envy. My hubby got the Eggplant Parm which I stole from and it was good. My bro had Chicken Romano which was awesome. I had the Franco Salad which was more like a antipasti than a main dish. I would only get it as an appetizer to share in the future. I did try the black forest Cannoli which was OK. Would go back and try more of the menu!
5	had drinks there at the bar, and a meal on a separate occasion. will definitely go back!!! the chicken soup simply amazing. loved fettuccine Alfredo
4	Needing a nice place for dinner while in Pittsburgh, we stumbled across this wonderful place. The atmosphere reminded us of our Italian restaurant back in Illinois. The wait staff was attentive and very friendly. I had the special lobster ravioli with a salmon filet. The flavor was exactly as I had expected, perfect!  The other dish was the shrimp scampi. Some place use too much garlic, but not this place. The best part of the meal was the mashed potatoes. Creamy and seasoned to make you keep going back for more. All in all this was a fantastic place to eat!
5	Was great dinning, food was complementing to service, my 16 month old was a bit Frigidity an they went right along that was appreciated,
4	good
5	Loved this place!  The cozy atmosphere, the extremely well trained and hospital staff all set the stage for a wonderful dinner with family.  The Food was all done well, from the fettucine pescatore to the sole fliet all were excellent.  Sometimes it takes the sum of many good qualities to make a great evening, that Franco's has many to contribute.  - Good Job !
4	Overall, this wasn't a particularly amazing italian place.  Above average with good service.  But, the fried zucchini and chicken Parmesan were absolutely delicious!  There's something about the way they bread/fry things.  YUMMY!Atmosphere: very cozy!  I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews for the service.  Our server was very attentive and gave lots of great suggestions.  I would say the atmosphere/service is probably one of the main reasons I would come back.Food: as i mentioned before, above average italian food.  pasta looks like it's handmade (but I'm not an itlalian expert).  portions are very large, so order accordingly!
4	Looking for a local, affordable italian joint to have a nice family dinner? Look no further. Walking into Franco's, I felt like I was transported back in time to the 50's when it was all about family and good food. The decor is a little outdatd but in a classic, not kitschy way. I fully expected to see 4 older Italian guys conversing in the back booth clearly trying to keep their mafia business on the hush hush. The homey yet classy feel of Franco's was equally matched by the delicious food and large portions. The menu consisted of classic Italian dishes such as chicken romano, shrimp scampi and gnocchi as well as specials of the day. To start, the four of us ordered the fried zuchini which easily fed four people and could have arguably fed 6. For my main course, I ordered the pork loin special with parmesan risotto and peas, minus the peas. The pork was tender, juicy and cooked perfectly. The risotto was out of this world. So thick, creamy and delicious. My husband ordered another special the penne vodka with prosciutto and mozzarella. Although the vodka sauce was not my favorite, he enjoyed his meal and ended up taking most of the huge bowl of pasta home. Another lovely surprise was that our dinners included a soup or salad. The salad I ordered was delic though once I saw the chicken pastaoli (sp?)  soup, I regretted my decision to try to meet the suggested food pyramid guideline for vegetables. So many restaurants nowadays do not include a soup or a salad. Maybe I just like getting a deal but, when a soup or salad is included with the meal, i feel taken care of.  Regretably, we did not try the desserts largely due to the fact that the portions were so large. The only thing I would change about Franco's is the service. Our waitress did not take our order until after our appetizer came out and she was unable to answer a couple questions I had about the menu.  Otherwise, a great neighborhood, family oriented place.
5	Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant in the south hills. AMAZING fried zucchini, yummy chicken pastina soup, excellent chicken Romano. Yum! This place is so good, you'd be crazy to pass it up! They also have a large room in the basement for big groups. The service here is always outstanding.
5	We went to the Peters Township location.We were a party of 6 celebrating an 80th birthday.  We arrived 30 minutes early but were promptly seated.  Although the restaurant was very busy, it seemed less so because of the very highbacked booth banquets.Not realizing the quantity of food would be so large, we over ordered.Below is the list of wonderful food we orderedSoupsSaladsZucchiniBeans with EscaroleFried ProvoloneSausage and Polenta (the agreed upon winner of the pre-entree selections)Chicken Marsala x 2Wheat spaghetti with tomato basil sauce and meatballWheat spaghetti with meat sauce and meatballCrab stuffed salmonAnd one other entree that I can't rememberAll the food was excellent.  The meat sauce was especially good.  At the end of the meal we had 6 to go boxes.I can't say enough about Rick, our waiter.  The service was smooth and professional.  In the words of the birthday girl "They must have given us their best waiter."This was above and beyond what I expected for this suburban Pittsburgh location.
5	This is my favorite italian restaurant and their food is delectable. The chicken romano is so good I dont order it anywhere else because theres no one that makes it as well. The cheese tortellini are great in their vodka cream sauce. Meatballs are amazing as well. I dont think I've ever had anything feom there I didnt like. Food is alway fresh and prepared well, service is always prompt and friendly! Large room for parties downstairs.
5	Good service, good food, good portions, always a great experience.  Real Italian food.  Reasonable prices.  Quiet atmosphere.  Best italian in the South Hills.
4	Great old school, classic Italian restaurant. Good bread, pasta, and sauces. Nothing too unique or new takes, but quality food.
2	I hate to do this because it looks like a majority of people have had an awesome experience here, but.... I was VERY VERY disappointed with this place. My other half and I went on valentines day, and neither of us really enjoyed what we ordered. He had surf and turf and I got a pasta dish with calamari, shrimp, crab, scallops and I believe another seafood I'm missing. My boyfriends meal was okay, he said he's had better, but mine was not good. It tasted so fishy, like the seafood was not cooked right, or very cheap. The taste was actually repulsive. On the bright side, their crab balls were out of this world, and their featured bread pudding dessert was great as well. I'm hoping our experience had to do with the high volume of people that came through because of the holiday. Maybe our food didn't get as much attention as it usually does because it was so crowded? We will definitely be back because I'm trying very hard to find an amazing Italian place near by, and I believe this could be is based on the very good things I've heard about it. Service was good as well, especially for an extremely busy night!
4	Our server made this restaurant a great experience. We let him know it was our first time here, and he suggested some of his favorites on the menu. We had fried calamari sesame style, fried zucchini, and for entrees a chicken dish with prosciutto and a seafood pasta dish. The seafood pasta was amazing. The calamari was a little salty because of the sesame sauce. But everything else was great. I wish I could remember our server's name to give him a shout out. Thanks, bald head  glasses waiter! I want to call him Brian, maybe. I will certainly return here in the future.
5	My husband and I absolutely love Franco's! We look forward to coming here each year when we come from Florida to visit our family.   They have the best meatballs and all of the food is excellent!   All the staff is very friendly also.  Highly recommended!
1	OUT OF BUSINESS!!  RESTAURANT IS CLOSED...  ALL STAFF WAS LET GO AND THE BUSINESS IS UP FOR SALE!!!   Even though the website states that there will be a new concept coming Fall 2014, others we know have stated that there is no concept forthcoming and the business is to be sold...
5	One of my favorites! Their fried zucchini appetizer is the best I've ever had, hands down. The veal romano is my go-to entree and never disappoints... Always cooked perfectly and so good!!
