1	DO NOT HIRE THESE GUYS!!! This is the shadiest company I have ever worked with.  I received a coupon in the mail for Tile & Grout Sealing for 25 cents/sq ft, so I thought I would try them out. They came out and basically steam cleaned our tile and told us it was sealed. Our brown grout was now white, so we stopped them out the door because my floor still had puddles of water sitting there.  The grout was turning a chalky white color where portions of the water had dried.  They said this was normal and it would dry clear.  Should have known they were full of BS at this point.  After several hours and drying the floor with a towel and with fans, my brown colored grout was completely white.  I called them back and expressed my complaint.  They assured me they would get people out there to fix the situation.  The next day (another day of my weekend wasted due to this company), an agent came out and said they have never seen this before.  They cleaned the tile again, with no change in color.  They left.  We had to reschedule, this is the theme of the company --"We will reschedule you until you quit calling us"The next reschedule was for 8-10am, I had to call them after they didn't show.  The apologized then rescheduled for 12-2pm.  They apologized then rescheduled for 3:00, no one showed till 3:30 with work beginning at 4pm.  Grout still was not sealed after all of that. This morning we had a 7:30am appointment, he called at 7:30 to cancel to attempt a reschedule at 12-2pm or another day.  WTF!?  After negotiating and just trying to get a refund to go with an HONEST flooring company (no pun intended) he said someone will be there in the morning.  Horrible business management.  All the while he charged our account and had his money.  All in all I spend about 2 days of my weekend waiting on 300sq ft of grout to be sealed.  Buyer beware.....
2	This company definitely over charges after walking in and quoting over 200 dollars to clean the main floor of my home.  They then cut it down to only $70  but their add said they did 3 rooms for $39 and they said the extra was for chemicals which they sprayed stuff on the floor but aren't they supposed to use cleaners anyway.  They did do the stairs as a courtesy but that was more than I planned to spend but had to anyway since I had holiday company coming the next day.  Their add also said it was dry in just a few hours.  Luckily we have a couple commercial floor fans or my family would arrived the next day to our house with wet floors.
1	These guys are terrible.  They gave me a 2 hour window.  Ok I understand that.  I called during the window to get an idea of when they would be here.  The guy said 15-20 minutes.  Ok, fine.  I called a half hour later telling the guy that they have not showed up.  He told me he was just about to call me and they'd be here in 15-20 minutes.  That would have been after the scheduled window. I told him I wanted to cancel and he started arguing with me, so I hung up.
1	Do NOT use these guys!!!  Complete scam artists. My story is similar to all the others -my carpets just had dirty from moving boxes and furniture, no stations, no deep odors at all. Three flyer said $39 for 3 rooms. The guy comes in and does a 1' x 1' patch which was already clean, says i need a deep cleaning, wants $500, i requested just a shampoo and he wouldn't even do it.  Then the owner calls and is mad at me because his guy had to drive far to get to me (an hour late btw). I explained to him how dishonest and shady everything was and he started trying to haggle. I told him and his tech to get lost.
1	This company is horrible and need to change their business name to "Dishonest Tech Carpet Care." They are nothing but scam artists!  "Honest" is what they are not! I got their coupon/ad-$55 for carpet cleaning for 4 rooms plus hallway, with customer satisfaction stated on their coupon ad.  My carpet is still in really good shape since we don't wear shoes in our house. But, who would pass up a great deal to give their carpet some tlc?  What a waste of my time and day!  I don't want/like to be judgmental, but from the moment I greeted the guy at the door, he already seemed shady.  He wasn't even in uniform(he was wearing street clothes with his pants all sagging).  From the start, I showed him the coupon and told him I just wanted the $55 deal(to avoid any up selling). He said that's only to steam clean; I told him that's fine. As he went room to room, he tried to bs me and told me that I needed to "deep clean" two of the rooms because there's some discoloration, and if he only steam clean, it wouldn't look good/even after it dries. He offered to deep clean all the rooms for $279 if I paid with cash. I seriously LOL! After I said, "No, I only want what the coupon states." He walked away and pretended to call his boss and told me he had lied to his boss that I'm a regular customer and got permission to do it for $189.  After seeing that I'm still not interested, he said he'll do it for $149. At that point, I wouldn't trust this guy in my house if he worked for free. I told him, "No thanks." And walked him out. Twenty minutes later, I got a call from his boss, but told him I was busy and couldn't talk. These guys have no shame nor integrity!
1	THE WORST. I wish I would have done my research before hand but got caught up in the coupons. In the end, saving a few bucks is NOT with dealing with these people and their awful service.
1	Dishonest.Unpleasant.Bad service.Work is "spotty".They will not come back to rework a house once the check clears.Stay away.
1	This is definitely a ripoff company
