5	Looking for a new hair stylist isn't easy! Having recently relocated to Phoenix from The SF Bay Area I had been on a quest to find someone experienced in SHORT HAIRCUTS FOR WOMEN. In 4 months I had been to 4 different hair salons and every time I felt like I had just walked out of a beauty school. Until I FINALLY came across hair stylist Michelle King. As I nervously sat in her chair praying that this wouldn't be another haircut experiment, she immediately made me feel comfortable & listened attentively to what I had to say. In the end I walked out with A BETTER hair cut that I expected! So if you are looking for someone experienced in short funky or classy haircut (s)  for women ( & men)  in the Phoenix area, Michelle King is the woman to see @ R Salon!
5	Knows exactly what I want, and how I want it...Michelle ROCKS!
5	Specializes in short haircuts for women!!!I've been going to Michelle for about a year now, she does a fabulous job!
5	Just moved to Phoenix.  My 13 year old son wanted a new look and wanted to experiment with color, so I found Michelle on Yelp.  I called her up and told her what my son wanted and that he needed guidance.  She scheduled us asap.  When we arrived at the salon she was ready for us and gave us a thorough consultation.  She answered all of my son's questions professionally and patiently.  She listened to what he wanted, asked him about his interests, hobbies etc. took all of it into account and explained what she thought would work.  She took her time, and was patient with my squirmy 13 year old and showed him how to style his new cut.  She was detailed, professional, and caring.  He loves his new look and so do I.  She's a true artist.  She specializes in short cuts and is amazing with color (check her hair color out, she does it herself!), but she's great with long hair too.  It was a great experience!
5	Finally!  I found someone who can cut short hair for women, and with a funky edge to it.  Michelle is very detailed and knows how to personalize your hair.  Also with color she knows what you want right away and is very quick to mix and apply it.  Great job!  Thanks Michelle.
1	Michelle King : equals : Rude. Cold. D terrible customer service skills.  Forewarning to all.   What a nightmare.  Just plain bad experience.
5	I went to Michelle King at R Salon for the first time this past Saturday after calling just the day before to make an appointment.  Michelle was up front to greet me when I got there.  I've had three haircuts in the past month to try to get my short women's cut the way I want it.  I decided to give Michelle a try after going to the same stylist twice with no luck.  She looked at the photos I brought with me and listened to what I didn't like about the current cut.  She asked me questions which helped her put my "vision" into technical terms so I could better communicate what I wanted.  She explained to me what she was doing througout the cut.  I finally got the cut I wanted.... better than what I had in mind actually!
2	She was ok at first but now not so good
