4	This place is actually quite amazing. They are a foreign company and so new here in town, and North America in general, that their current website doesn't list this location. It simply states U.S. and Canada coming soon.They live up to their promise of express service. I have to give 4 stars rather than 5 due to price. I went with a groupon that made it half price. $16 for what would normally be $32- express manicure and express pedicure. Honestly the most I'd be comfortable paying in reality is about $20, maybe $25 max, for the combo. Especially since a full service nail salon by my house will do both for the mid $30's. So price will cause a hesitation in exactly how often I return, but they do completely and utterly deserve 4-5 stars for service, in my book, so yes, I will be back. (I just wish they were not in a tourist mall on South Las Vegas Blvd, because I'm positive that's why they can get away with charging what they do. If they were out in a strip mall on the west side of town somewhere, or even Meadows or Boulevard, I'm sure they'd be a few $'s cheaper.)Anyway, they earn a high ranking in my book because of their customer service, vast selection of colors that are a quality formula, and the fact they fill a specialty market.Customer Service: There were 2 women and 1 man working when I arrived. All were upbeat and attentive. They were the epitome of service with a smile. They have been trained to work quickly, but they obviously have been trained to do a superior job as well. My nails were shaped, painted, and finished with top coat and oil as expertly, if not better, as at any other salon but in less than half the time.Selection: Dozens upon dozens of colors. Everything from what might be an "older" customer's choice of rosy pinks, bright reds, and neutral brown hued blushes, to the trendy and newest brights, darks, and more off the beaten path colors for the younger crowd (or in this bustling city foreign visitors who have a different taste). They are all the company's own brand, so we aren't talking OPI or Essie, which normally I would honestly usually prefer at a full salon. However, here is the 5 star aspect- for being a "no-name brand," this manicure is the longest lasting manicure I have EVER had. I'm a mom of a toddler- my hands go through a lot every single day, and I'm telling you, not a single chip until 1 week! I don't know about you, but for me that's amazing. They also offer Swarovski crystal application, french manicures, and other selections for up-charges.Specialty Market: As I've repeatedly mentioned, their marketing strategy is not that of a pampering full service nail salon. What they tout is speed. This may not be everyone's cup of tea. But for me, the basics are what I'm looking for, as long as they are done well, and like I already said, they aren't just done well, they are great. I wouldn't say I need the speedy service, though it's a plus- what I want and what I like is they aren't about all the frilly extras. (FYI: They do offer some for a higher priced choice, just like the extras in nail crystals and such that I mentioned regarding selection. But their "express" services are their most popular, it would seem.) I don't need a warm soapy hand soak in a dish. They don't do it. They don't have massage chairs and bubbling spa foot tubs either. I'll be honest, perhaps a small part of me missed those two items, but that would be it. However at the salons that do that, they also take razors to your dead foot skin and scratchy pumice stones to your soles. When those places start that I actually have to ask them to stop. Not only have I always been ticklish so it was unpleasant at best, but in the last 5 years I've developed back problems that have caused poor circulation and nerve damage in my left foot, making all of that excruciatingly painful. But I put up with luke warm hand soaks that serve no purpose and painful foot massage and pumice because I simply can't paint my fingernails as well as a professional can, and now medically I can't do my feet myself. So for both preference and need, I want AND need a caring professional. LAKA provides just that. I may be in the minority, but "we" exist. And I'm thanking God now that LAKA exists as well. A great job, great finished results, no pain, no frilly extras, but a caring staff who does their job, which is just what I'm looking for- extraordinarily looking painted fingers and toes!
5	LOVE this place!A month and a half ago I was in the outlet mall with a friend, and I saw this place. I've decided to give it a shot (they accept walk-ins, no appointment necessary) just because I recently I took my acrylics off and wanted to get just a plain manicure. I absolutely LOVED the result!The girls were super sweet, the place is beautifully decorated with pink and white, and they have, hold tight,100 nail colors to choose from!!! I chose white, and I was amazed how long it lasted. two and a half weeks later I got back to get my toes done, and I was not disappointed. It was cheaper than any other salon I went to in town, quick and comfortable. I loved everything about it and I have tried more than a few nail salons in town in the past.Bottom line:Awesome! I'm a fan.A tiny tip: they love locals... Ask them about their current locals deal.
2	LAKA is a concept originating from Israel and popular in other countries.  They try to capitalize on speed of service for a nail salon...thus the express in the name.  However, I think I would rather go to a regular nail salon and get a polish change because that's all you are receiving with an express manicure/pedicure.  Also the price of $32 doesn't justify the service you receive...even my groupon price didn't seem worth it. They also file your nails...and generally they use a tool to clean out any grit underneath the nails, but instead the staff here takes their own finger nail and runs it underneath your fingernail...I was slightly abhorred by this practice.  They do not push the cuticles back and for the pedicure there is no foot bath again they just file and change the polish for the nails.  This place is not even a store, it's one of the booths in the center of the mall walkway.  One positive note....they have tons of colors to choose from...but I question the quality of the nail polish, since there are bubbles and also chips on my nail polish and it's been less than 24 hours.  They also have this drop that they put on after applying the nail polish that is meant to dry the surface of the nail faster....the drop has some alcohol property...since it also dried my skin out.  Horrible but true, my nails and hands looked better before I came in..... with that said...I will be visiting my regular nail salon by the end of the week to get a real manicure/pedicure.  The staff is attentive and friendly, however....I do question experience.  This place seems to be run by teenagers.  So if you are looking for an expensive polish change, this is your place.
5	I was at the mall, Got my nails done on the spot, Didn't need to call to make a reservation, and it was fast Nice People,good serviceWill use again
2	I was there on a Sunday. There was only one manicurist so we had to wait approximately 45 minutes. They push  their nail polish ( $7. if you buy it with the manicure), which chipped the next day. And it's the same price as a regular manicure without the incidentals.
1	I had a groupon for the express manicure with a vitamin hand massage.  Thank goodness it was only $10 because they normally charge $20 and it's not worth it.  She took off my nail polish, shaped with a nail file (barely) and repainted it which has bubbles in it but at that point I just wanted to get out.  I can get a normal manicure at my nail salon for $12 and they clean, cut cuticles, and a much faster dry time.  I will never go back.
1	Theresa C. is exactly on point, right down to the bubbles on the nail polish.   Read her review as it was exactly my experience.
2	I purchased a groupon back in September which was expiring on the 31st. I have never seen a "pop-up" style express salon. That is exactly what it is. They pack 4 manicure stations into a small kiosk style space, and 2 "mock" pedicure stations. The technicians were young but nice and seemed professional. I have a friend that also purchased a groupon there and had a hellish experience and bubbly nails and sliced her while filing. :/ She bought an express mani/pedi, that was not so "express". She was there for an hour and forty minutes!  I upgraded my express mani/pedi to gel polish manicure which is new to them. They believe in enhancing the natural nail and their polish is made with numerous vitamins.  With that said, their "express mani/pedi consists of a polish change. Sure the price is high and I don't' mind paying those prices if the service and product reflected accordingly. My gel nails were put on with such a heavy hand, meaning very thick and lumpy, looking very unattractive. She polished on my cuticles so when I got home they peeled off. Extremely disappointed as gel polish is designed to stay on for at least 10 days worry free. Sadly mine lasted 2 hours.I gave them 2 stars because the technicians were friendly and the (small) place was very clean. The phone kept ringing during my service and the technician said it was the corporate boss/owner. This person is not reflecting any professionalism if she/he is calling every 20 minutes while her girls are trying to service clients. She kept telling the owner that she would call back but the owner insisted on calling. My recommendation; if you would like to be crammed into a space that is suppose to be relaxing while everybody who is shopping through the mall watches you, pay for so called expensive vitamin enhanced nail polish that they lay very thick resulting in bubbles, than hit this place up. If, like most women, want to enjoy a relaxing full service mani/pedi, stay away.P.S. If you are a large person, they have absolutely no way of accommodating you. It does no good for your self esteem if a business has to turn you away because of your size.
1	This may have been the most stressful and negative experience I've had getting my nails done.  Positives- I like the initiative and drive of the manager, getting people in quickly and ushering new clients.  Also, LAKA has every color of the rainbow available to you for a polish.Checking in on Yelp gets you a little travel polish remover.Negatives- LAKA charges $10 to remove gels (never seen that before)It is located in a very tight space (other reviewers weren't exaggerating & I'm not claustrophobic at all) People swirling around you in a shopping mall isn't exactly soothingIt is the worst manicure I've received and my manicurist wasn't kind enough to care. Conclusion- I honestly would choose almost anywhere else in Las Vegas for this service.
5	Came back again and again after my first visit, and I gotta say I'm inlove with this place! The location is excellent, the staff is sooo nice and friendly, my nails looks great everytime and its relatively quick and definitely affordable. My only issue is choosing a color everytime! But even with that the manicurist always helps me pick the right one.I'm a fan!
2	You definitely get your money's worth..only $14. I in a hurry is say its worth it, but if you want a real massage and your nails to really get taken care of..I'd go somewhere else.
2	Great pigment, but my nails are bubbly.   Looks bad :(
1	Express pedi means polish only!
3	Painting nails is something that I'm not good at, so when my nails are painted pretty smooth, it's success for me! However, she did miss a few spots. I got the Groupon with the crystals added. The girls there are very professional in nature, but my nails don't look professional--they look cutesy. Like how I had them in high school!I do like the convenience of having it in a mall; sometimes nail places can be in very obscure places. BTW, they don't paint very fast. I thought that was odd considering they have time constraints on their nail menu.Overall, it was a pretty okay experience, but I would reserve using this place for young girls who just want their nails done conveniently while they're at the mall!
1	Save yourself the hassle...I went to the outlets specifically to get my nails done at LAKA.  I had been here once and had decent service and was talked into buying a card for 5 express manis.  Big mistake.  I've been back twice and had a horrible experience both times.  The last time I went I was assured that they could complete my 'express' manicure in the time frame I had.  Well I was there for 45 minutes for the express service and was late to my next meeting. Not to mention my nails had bubbles in them.  I went back again today because I still have 4 prepaid services.  When I walked up to the booth there was only 1 girl working and the manager (who I usually see standing around the booth) was no where to be seen.  They have a sign in sheet which you put your cell number and they call you when they're ready for you.  I signed in and asked the girl about how long it would be until she was ready. She said 5 minutes.  I wandered around some of the nearby stores waiting for a call.  After about 15 minutes and no phone call I walked back to see if she was ready; she was doing another person's nails.  I asked her what happened to the 5 minutes she had told me. She stared at me and said, "Oh... (long pause) I thought you were coming back".  I told her that I had planned on it but was waiting for a phone call, considering that's what the sign in sheet protocol says.  She again stared blankly at me and said, "I thought you were coming back."  After a few more questions about whether or not they follow their own protocol of calling customers per the sign in sheet I left, annoyed and without a manicure.  I will NOT be going back to LAKA.  I guess I'll lose out on the 4 remaining prepaid manis, but I should have checked the reviews before purchasing that card.  Save yourself the trouble and stress and spend the $5 extra for an actual salon.
1	Worst pedicure I've ever received.  So uncomfortable and awkward.  Truly awful experience. Polish is bubbled up and chipping after two days. Compete waste of money. Never again.
1	Thoroughly disgusted by the unprofessional behavior I experienced at LAKA inside Fashion Show. I was there a couple days ago, waiting my turn (over an HOUR) to get a polish change (feet). I would've went to my regular nail salon but since they were closed and I was already inside Fashion Show, I decided to go here. BIG MISTAKE!! So when a "manicurist" (from what I hear some of them aren't even licensed) asked me if I'd been helped I pointed to the black girl that I had spoke w/ earlier. She asked if I had an appt and I said no. She said they only go by appts. I WAS LIVID. The one thing you should never do is waste somebody's time. So I waited until the black girl was finished w/ what she was doing and demanded why she didn't tell me about the appt rule. She claimed she did, but what she did was ask me if I wanted to leave my phone # and they'd call me when a chair was free. Since I had nothing to do I told her I'd wait. NOT ONCE did she explain their "protocol" about going off of appts so when I called her out on it she decided to get RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL and ARGUE w/ me... in front of her customers and all!! Unbelievable! And when I asked for the owner's information she refused to give it to me. Then I asked what her name was and she refused to give me that also... WHAT!?? I told her I would be notifying mall management and get her boss' info from them (which I did). Oh and as a side observance (before all of the above happened) a customer came back because evidently she had her nails done earlier that day and the polish was already starting to chip off so she wanted it redone (I don't blame her either).Bottom line, SAVE YOUR MONEY and go to a real nail salon! These people are NOT customer friendly and from what I saw their product isn't that great. So glad I didn't waste my $$
2	Most expensive pedi package consists of polish and cuticles and a little lotion that's it..it is a mall kiosk so no foot soak etc.  Also there are two pedi chairs so the speak virtually right next to each other..they share an armrest..they are unable to remove gel color so let me advise anyone who has gel on toes or nails to not go here..they basically take off your gel with a dremel tool.. i
