3	Got introduced to this place by my friends in Montreal that live right around the corner.  The only 24-hour place I knew of before this was La Banquiste, which is THE poutinerie to go to. So, this place had to measure up.I'd say for a quick fix, this place hits the spot.  I had the meat lovers poutine and it was delicious and just what I needed after a 6 hour drive and 6 beers. The ambiance is quiet and small, but the hipster presence was overwhelming and I just was very uncomfortable for some reason.  When every guy and girl is wearing a bowler hat and skinny jeans and look like they just got out of the hot tub time machine...something is wrong. My friend informed me that Montreal had turned into the Hipster Hub of North America, and I did not doubt that after my night there.  Anyway, the man behind the cash register was very pleasant to deal with and made the experience more comfortable and enjoyable and we joked around with him. The poutine was pretty good, and I definitely would try it again when I am more sober, but for a 24-hour spot on a party street, it definitely hits the spot, especially since they take credit cards, and La Banquiste only accepts cash - making driving the 5 minutes there much more dreadful.
2	This place is simply put--a drunk tank. What goes through people's mind when they envision a new concept for a restaurant? I live right on this corner of the city and watched it open. Basically the three employees sit near the front window looking bored all day---until after midnight, drunk people who've passed up the ghastly pizza joint further south on St-Laurent--stumble upon the razz-matazz facade and nouveau-rich suburban spec-home decor and notice the smell of food.Fact is, poutine is just potatoes and gravy so it's a simple cashing-in on the "poutine craze'' that comes round every cycle or so.Also, the formula is just to catch drunk people who wouldn't know any better. The reviewer talking about hipsters up thread is having a laugh! Trust me, no real hipster with a clue would be coming here. What this proves is that these music-scenesters were drunk and this place hit the spot. The composure of a late night eatery crowd is essentially those out late, who no longer care about taste. IF you wanna call 'em hipsters... do so. Just that Montreal is full of urban expressionists, and for those tourists from more tame places where there is only one good record shop, everybody  here in Montreal looks like a hipster. Yet nobody here would ever claim to be one!Now for the food: it's actually ok. They serve fun-fair food-- hamburgers and fries etc and it's not a hard market to satisfy. I can say for sure, the hamburger was FINE FOR THE PRICE,  and the staff are actually very friendly. The poutine is totally sub-par and I would suggest better to be going home and putting a baked potato in the microwave and pouring a can of chicken soup all over it.Just that the decor makes me feel cynical, like this was more of a 'business idea' than a food lover fan wanting to create some special magic enclave for like-minded people. But catering to drunks is kind of like working in a hockey rink... so why make a big fuss?It's a trap. But that's OK. Sometimes you just wanna get away from the trendy-to- be-seen at places, hunker down  and hide at a table for one, and hope that nobody spots you delving into your guilty pleasure. Deal is--these guys compete with pitarifique and patati-patata all within 30 yards radius and their only edge is once the other two close, or when the other two are packed, as is often the case
1	Run away, even if you are holding scissors. Just run in the other direction. The pizza, gives pizza a bad name (though on the menu, the selection is interesting, but frozen would have been better.) The wings are so small that they are almost skin covering bones with no meat. And the poutine fries were greasy, the sauce was passable and the cheese was fine. Delivery was acceptable.... but why bother.
1	Basically we came here after Patati Patata was too busy/crowded and we were starving. My friend (a local) had said that she had been here before, and the staff was rude but the food was ok, so we decided to give it a chance. The "pizza" that was in the display counter looked inedible, I'm not sure why anyone would ever eat that and the girl at the cash register looked beyond bored and as if we were bothering her by ordering. She rolled her eyes more than once at me, and I dont think she said a single word to me except for when she told me the price. The food was...edible, I had a gyro and thats pretty hard to screw up anyway, my friends had poutine and cheeseburgers. The poutine was greasy and soupy, they didnt like it.  There just isnt anyting here to like..
