3	I liked this place a lot more than I thought I would.  The space is really much nicer than you'd think from the outside, sort of modern Asian, with lots of banquettes and booths.The food is mostly upscale Chinese with a non-Japanese sushi bar (you know what i mean).  But the food was perfectly acceptable.  Everthing was good, not great, but def. good.  The one exception was the baby bok choy, it was great!The reason I liked this place so much more than I thought I would, was the attitude and the service of the staff.  The young hostess and the young waiters were just great and impeccable in a very friendly way.  We went there two nights, and both nights, the service was great.The second reason I liked this place was the room.  It looks a bit too formulaic from the outside looking in.  But it was very nice once you were seated, esp. at one of the banquettes.  The room is bright with high ceiling and windows.  The spacing was very nice too.So I'd go there again, when I felt like Chinese food, and maybe a california roll, while in Old Montreal.
4	Food is amazing and the staff is lovely. Everytime I come to Montreal I make it a point to go there.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect in the way of Asian cuisine given that most of the food in Montreal is heavily French influenced. (Especially Old Montreal, where this restaurant is located). I was pleasantly surprised to find that the food was delicious. I had the General Tso's chicken and it was definitely up there with the better versions of this dish I have had at many places. The menu was very diverse in Asian dishes and the people whom I dined with enjoyed their meals very much. The staff was very friendly and our waitress did a great job of giving personal opinions on specific dishes. I will definitely go back to this place when I am back In Montreal.
2	My experience at Aziatik today:PROS:1. The sashimi was delicious.2. The food overall was good but if you want AUTHENTIC asian food go elsewhere (p.s. I'm Asian)3. The bathroom was clean.CONS:1. It took an HOUR AND A HALF until we got our main meal.--- The waitress did not apologize or have any good excuse as to why. It was ridiculous. The couple sitting in the table next to us also had the same complaint.---- we intended to see a show and had to miss it because our food took so long! 2. When we asked when/if our food was on it's way the busboy said he would check, left, and never returned.3. The windows were open which was nice, but people were allowed to smoke right in front so we could smell the cigarettes within the restaurant. 4. Unless you are ordering drinks the waitress hardly came by to check on our food and whatnot.5. The music was pretentious and droning. OVERALL:-I will never go back.-I will not recommend it to someone considering the horrid service and mediocre food.-Wasn't worth my money/time.
5	I was in Montreal visiting some friends and we decided to eat here. I must say that the food was great, and the service was great. The vibe in this place is great, I was glad to find a place like this in Montreal. We were the last ones to leave the restaurant and at no time did the staff try to hurry us to leave, looking forward to going back to Montreal and having dinner here with all my friends again.
