1	A friend and I went to the Langley's Country Market and thought the store was kind of cute but they carry items that you can get up the road for cheaper.  The thing that really got me was their "petting zoo".  It had a goat, sheep and a chicken coop.  Look at the pictures posted on here.  The chickens were literally standing in (standing) water and their own feces.  The sheep and the goat had nowhere to stand because there was standing water in about 90% of the fenced off area that they had.  Oh...did I mention that the sheep and goat had absolutely NO shelter and were out in the blazing sun?!  They have a sign that reads "Fresh Market"....one of the things they sell are "fresh eggs".  Not sure if the eggs are coming from their chickens but regardless, I would not buy anything from this place!
1	I heard about this store after purchasing a Groupon. The website really piqued my interest and I had high hopes of a "country market" type store with local produce and fresh products. Initially, I giggled to myself when parking because of the cute little building and gravel parking... I felt like I was in Idaho! And then, I went inside. :-/. Okay so the store had only been open a short time, but it looked like a ton of customers had sampled the tester salsa bowls (with the lack of customers, one would have to assume that they were not all that fresh). Gross!!!  There were some tasty looking bottles of Olive Oils and other local items, but nothing you can't get at the farmer's market at a lower price. The worst part was out back, the nursery and picnic area. I do not want to support a place with animals (a goat, a sheep, and 2 chickens) wading around in mud, standing water, and their own poo! Hopefully the hot 100 degree weather will help with the water issue... But without access to any shade, I doubt the animals would hope for the same. Thank goodness Groupon was understanding of my lack of interest in making any purchases here. They refunded my account in no time.
5	Adorable!  The inside of the store is quaint and has the most adorable selection of local goods for sale.  I completely fell in love with the collection of handmade frames made by a local artist. The outside is well maintained, the chickens fun (the coop is clean and the animals are happy!), and the picnic tables scattered around make it a fun stop.  I'll definitely be returning to this charming place!  Well maintained, great selection of local goods, friendly service, and quaint setting.
5	I had purchased a groupon (for my recent visit to Gilbert) and fell in love with this quaint/adorable place from the pictures I found from their website.  It did not disappoint!  It was the cutest little country store complete with a petting zoo & nursery.  They have a wide array of high-quality goods from local businesses & handmade frames & purses from local artists that were super cute.  They also had a section where the sell produce from local farmers & breads from a local bakery.  The outside is very well-maintanied with plenty of parking adjacent to the store.  They have picnic tables scattered throughout their grounds for patrons to enjoy a bite to eat and enjoy the animals and beautiful surroundings!  I will definitely be back on my next visit to Gilbert!
5	WE WENT AND BOUGHT OUR CHRISTMAS TREE HERE.  BEAUTIFUL TREE AT A GOOD PRICE!I love this little store and so do my kids.  We go sometimes on a Friday night  buy Gelato Ice Cream and let the kids play outside with the animals.  They have 2 cute bunnies and a bunch of Chickens that look happy and healthy. Recently they had baby chicks that my kids loved.   If you know anything about farming you need to irrigate every month (which is probably why some of the other reviewers saw standing water)....but I would be nervous for the animals if they didn't irrigate. The animals looked like they had plenty of shade and they seem happy and healthy to me. They have fresh coffee and great fresh local veg which in fact this summer the corn and watermelon was less expensive then the local grocery store.  My kids ask if we can go back every weekend......although, we can't go every weekend we go as much as we can.
4	I have lived in and around this area and have passed it dozens of times, but I had no idea that this place even existed! I bought a Groupon for them and even then I waited until it almost expired before I used it. When I bought the Groupon I thought it was like a fancy grocery store but this is pretty much the best of what Gilbert has to offer locally in one country looking setting. I picked up what has to be the most expensive pasta I've ever purchased in my life, with some matching sauce to go with it. I haven't cooked with it yet but their pasta was a significant part of the market, and a place like this don't stay open with bad food so I can't wait to eat it! I also bought some Lime Olive Oil which I swear comes from that Queen Creek Olive Mill. It came with a great recipe for Lime Tequila Chicken Fajita's which came out bomb! These guys also sold Udder Delights by the pint and some other local fare. It looks as though you could have a picnic out here too, they had a nice set up with tables and it had this nice farm setting. The couple working (I assume owners) were very friendly and helpful. I probably wouldn't shop here often but for a special home cooked meal this is the spot to go! Protip: It's right across the street from this awesome park/riparian preserve so make a morning of it. Bring some bread to feed the ducks and take a stroll.
5	My wife and I just stopped by for the first time and really enjoyed the service and products they have. We bought the Milky Ranch Beef ribeye's and really look forward to trying them. I love the fact that a lot (not all) of their products are local. We also walked the grounds and it looked like the animals are treated just fine. We look forward to continuing to shop there.
