4	This is the resturant inside the Crowne Plaza San Marcos hotel. They have a really good buffet and you can also order from the menu. I have only been here for the buffet and it has always been awesome. They have great seafood on Fridays and prime rib on Saturdays.  They also have Sunday jazz brunch I have not tried yet but plan for a future review. Someone marked this place $$$$ but the lunch buffet on weekdays is only about $10.
1	Went there for Mother's Day brunch.  I expect to overpay on Mother's Day but I also expect to get exceptional service and a few wonderful treats at the buffet.  The service went something like this:  Me "I would like a cup of coffee please" (to the server)  Server:  "The coffee is outside, you go serve yourself."Okay, normally I would not care but when it is Mothers Day and I end up paying over $200 for 4 people, I think they should bring me a cup of coffee.  Eventually someone realized they should at least refill my cup on the table.The buffet was ordinary, deserts were nice so that was a good way to finish the meal.But what really frustrated me was the 20% gratuity they automatically charged me before we ever sat down.  The ad for Mothers Day brunch said 20% on groups of 6 or more, we were 4 with one child under 4.  So not only should we not have been charged 20% extra for gratuity, I would have never tipped 20% for "go get the coffee yourself" service.  They never mentioned the extra 20% when I made reservations either, not that it would have discouraged me in any way but since we were a party of 5 I assume the person taking the reservation knew they did not need to mention it.Very disappointing meal experience overall.
4	Went here again on Friday. Everything was awesome! You have to try the clam chowder they have here on Fridays, it's awesome. Took a few pics this time so everyone can get a look at what your missing!
4	I have been at Aj's  at  San Marcos Place several times for brunch and it is always good. The selection is good, quality of food good and service great. In fact our server Linda was very friendly and knowledgable of the area. They have a great mother's day brunch! and a 40,s Jazz band that is very good
2	Prime rib buffet every Saturday. The service was horrible and food was mediochre...except the salad on the buffet. Great salad. $16 /person. Fyi kids menu is only good thru age 8. They have fruit as an option instead of fries.  Nice live singer in the background. The prime rib guy can cook your slice more in a skillet if u choose, as well.
4	Place was empty so had five staff serving me and they were great. Eggs Benedict better than average.
1	It's the same stroy every time we go, you would figure that after seven years they would have their serving issues resolved, not the case. The historic resort is an amazing backdrop for dinning and we truly try to give AJ's a chance. We typically stop by once a year to see if management has changed their ridiculous serving habitats, unfortunately they miss out huge here. I can't comment on the food because we never get service and refuse to wait the normal 30 min before anyone notices. Read the reviews on Yelp, they all seem to hit on this problem, hopefully the management of AJ's takes note.
