5	I've had jerk chicken many times and I have to say this is some of the best, if not the best, I've ever had! I got a door hanger from this spot today and decided to check it out (how's that for instant clientele eh?). It's a small spot right on the North East corner of Indian School and 19th Ave, right next to the Dominos. The menu is small, but the flavor and authenticity more than makes up for that. I ordered the jerk chicken and wifamus prime (yup, I just called her that) got the curry chicken. Both came with the traditional rice and peas (not actualy peas, but beans mixed in the rice) and a few soft grilled plantains. My Jerk Chicken was out of this world! The marinade was bold and flavorful and they even poured some more of the jerk glaze on after, which was awesome! It wasn't too terribly spicy, I'd say maybe a 4 out of 10 (which is perfect for me) The rice was perfectly moist and fluffy, just how it should be. the plantains were cooked perfectly how I like them, soft and super sweet. My wife's curry chicken was good too. They've got other Jamaican staples like curry goat, ox tails and curry fish. They also have the beef patties, but happened to be out today (booo, guess I'll just have to go back) Overall a great little spot with perfect service for a little takeout joint, excellent food and great island flavor in the heart of Phoenix!!
5	I'm not close to Jamaican, nor am i an expert in their culture but i do know how much love i have for their "items". My boy Brian T (below) got a door hanger for this new Jerk Chicken spot close to home, and was telling me all about it as we were sipping some mojitos at RumBar with the owner of RB. Well, of course he chimed in, and the 2 of them decided to tell me that i needed to try it Stat. Next day, off i went for lunch. Walked in right as they opened, and was immediately greeted by (i assume) the owner. extremely nice man. he was filling the cooler up with water, and his young daughter was helping out. His mom (i know cause he said "mah") rung me up, and (i assume again) his wife made me my food. Is there anything better then supporting a local, family owned and operated business that ALSO has 5 star food and service??? nope!!! Jerk chicken wasn't dry, wasn't too spicy (the hotter the better, just like all things in life ;). The location looks dicey, but use the back door VIP style and your set up for the promise land. quick, convenient, tasty, and all under a polite roof. so good.
5	We have been waiting for this place to open up, and finally made our way over there.  We were immediately greeted by an aroma of spices, and were offered samples of everything on the  menu.  Everything is already made and ready to eat, which is great because everything tasted so good.  Nothing disappointed! My husband, brother-in-law and I each ordered different menu items (jerk chicken, curry chicken, and fricassee chicken) with the special rice, and had Jamaican sodas that were recommended by Marie (I think that was her name).  The menu is small, but really well done.  We were told that they will expand the menu when they can get more customers.  With such great food and service, I hope this place gets the chance to stick around! We will definitely be back.
5	Great oxtail. Friendly staff, we will be back.
4	Pretty good. Oxtail was awesome. Plantains were just like I remembered them in the Carribbeans. The jerk chicken was okay... Needs a little more heat. Beef patty good (I'd eat it again). The workers were outstandingly nice.
5	Bomba! Wow.. I'm here eating while I draft this review. Don't sleep on this place!!!
5	Love this place! Jerk chicken is flavorful and moist. Spicy but not so hot you can't enjoy it. Plantains, not soggy with great flavor. Peas and rice (with a little sauce from the curry chicken on top was delish. Last time I was here I ordered the coconut curry shrimp. Great flavor, lots of shrimp, perfect texture. Beef patties are good, need a little more filling though. Tried the soursop (sp?) juice and it was good too. Highly recommend this place! Great staff, very friendly and informative!No seating for a large party, just 2 very small tables and a wall of bar stools. Park in the back. Worth the effort!
5	MMMMMMMMM GIMMIE THAT!!This place is good! i got the Jerk Chicken.. and i was thinkn as i was eating this, yeah it could be spicier, but then i took a bite of a part that was filled with the spices/marinade, and yes. I was happy.let me take it back to the beginning for you....I was driving up 19th with full intention of coming to the Jerk Hut to get my grub on. I started to drive a little bit slower so i could spot the place. (its on the North east side).. I slip into the back where it says "parking entrance" (it also is the exit too so watch out!). Well i look to my right and it looks kinda shady back there, but i think whatever i won't be in there too long. I park and start to walk around the front. I hear a voice come from one of the doors, you can just walk through the backs of the businesses. I notice it is coming from the far left side (the door for the jerk hut) and so i proceed to come over. The guy greets me with a thick accent and says, "you are going to the jerk hut? this is the door for the jerk hut"... I said yes with a big smile and proceed because i can definitely tell where the jerk hut is (follow your nose toucan sam).. I enter into a what i was expecting to be a little run down shop. Nope...super clean, everything is newly finished. I walk in and am greeted by the cashier/server...I order my jerk chicken, she recommends different sides to go with my food...I obviously accept because who wouldn't take (who i think was a co-owner) advice. Well yes! i landed the Jerk chicken, fried plantains, the bean rice with gravy...MMMMMMMMM i want more and i just finished eating there. Needless to say, i should have asked for more gravy ontop of my rice cause that made it 100x's better... yes 100 times, i calculated it...I get a jamaican soda to go with my meal...yes it all hit the spot. True story its a little pricey.  jerk chicken meal and soda ran me up to 13 dollars. (it was a specialty soda so that prolly helped out my total).  if you just get the meal (no drink) you will be around 10 dollars..but to be honest, just get the drinkAnyways if you don't like this place i have to say you must be a vegitarian....and to that i say...sucks for you cause this place's jerk chicken was bomb diggity no doubt...Now here is the question people always want to know...Will you be back??Yes i will be back...tomorrow actually so i can try the ox tail... that good twice in a week..maybe more if i got paid more .. #iwantaraise
5	The Jerk Hut is delicious! The jerk chicken, oxtail, patty, rice, and plantains were seriously good ... as good as the jerk we had in Negril. The folks that work here are lovely too.
5	AWESOME had it today for the first time the ox tails where so tender wish I had more and the jerk chicken had GREAT flavor REAL JAMAICAN'S cooking GREAT ISLAND FOOD.
5	Food was delicious and very authentic!!!  ;-)
4	After seeing the 5 star reviews on Yelp and having driven past on numerous occasions en route to Pho Thanh or Maxim, the boss and I decided to head here for lunch today. I was in the middle of a conversation with the boss as I walked in, and I guess I was expecting Jerk Hut to be a regular (if small) place with tables and table service. So when I came face to face with the lady behind the counter immediately upon entry I was speechless for a second or two until I got my bearings, since I was GOING to ask for a table for two *8-) It's basically structured like a take-out joint, with a small counter, two small high-tops and a long communal dining bench set facing the south wall. Which is fine. When you order, your food is scooped into a take-out styrofoam container. Today I went for the ox-tail, with plantains and rice and peas.And it was DELICIOUS.I love the fact that the food is ready right then and there, and that you don't have to sit around twiddling your thumbs before your stuff is ready. It also means that if you're still hungry you can just reach over and pay for another helping of rice or whatever you need. I completely agree with the other reviewers - the food's delicious, and the boss and I resolved to return several times and go down the menu, tasting each different thing. This time round, he had the jerk chicken and loved it. My oxtail brought back memories of me as a child, using my incisors to grate off the knuckle cartilage of each tailbone before sucking out the spinal cord. I had the rice w/peas (black-eyed) and the fried plantains. Marie, the owner, came to talk to us when we were just about done, which was very welcome. She said she's making do with the space and location she has. Considering how flavourful and "niche" the food is, this place deserves to do very well.I'll DEFINITELY be back, and quite soon too.  In fact, I almost feel like returning tonight for dinner! Up next: goat curry and "bammy". I'd have given this my usual 3 ranking, but decided on 4 because it's reasonably unique, the food really is delicious and the owner is super friendly. Bit cramped, but that's life.
4	There are very few places who can get me to eat chicken that is not boneless/skinless and this is one of them! Not only can they get me to eat it, the jerk chicken here can get me to drive across town on my lunch hour just to indulge. Generous portions of juicy, tender, flavorful chicken piled in one corner of a styrofoam take out tray partnered with loads of rice (flavors vary, for example: rice and beans or pumpkin rice) and your choice of plantains or (my choice) steamed cabbage for about $10 with a drink. The cabbage is still crisp and firm and a nice, mild crunch to go with the rest of the meal. The staff is incredibly friendly. Seating is very limited (stools facing a narrow counter that runs the perimeter of the small restaurant's space) -- but, in a way that makes it convenient to eat alone and be left to stuff your face! BYO wet wipes though, fair warning!
4	Great authentic Carib food. Loved the Ox-tail and Peas and Rice. You don't get a lot of Ox-tail for the price so beware. Friendly staff, and small space, but yummy food!
4	Good food, decent service. I've had the jerk chicken & curry shrimp. They haven't had the full menu available either time I went. They deserve a return trip I hope this place is around for awhile, I need to try the stew chicken! Oh and they give you a ton of food.
1	This place gave me the runs....literally...straight to the bathroom after I ate this slop. I should have known better...My spidey senses was telling me to leave..but no, I stayed just because I've been craving, jonesing for Caribbean food. So I placed my order, I had Curry chicken, rice and peas and cabbage. I declined the plantains, it seemed the flies enjoyed it better than me. They were having a blast swarming over the plantains. I paid something like $10.95...which in my opinion was too much considering the proportions don't match the price. The taste was just ok...not the worst..but not the best either. The cabbage was pretty good though. The food seemed old too..if I had to bet $20..that food probably was cooked yesterday cause the kitchen did not look cooked in. I feel like a sucka reading these damn reviews thinking I was gonna get a good meal...I don't know where the hell these folks who left reviews ate at..it sure as hell doesn't seems like its this place. Maybe I came at the wrong time. My 1st time sucked....and my bubbling stomach thinks so too. 2 thumbs down and a wtf.
4	Jamaican food is not my favorite, but after reading reviews and driving by many times my wife and I made it a point to try the Jerk Hut out.  I am glad we did.The food reminded me of our recent trip to Jamaica, as did the building, parking lot and staff, complete "ya man no problem" vibe.  I enjoyed the oxtail with plantains on the side (not a huge fan of plantains either, but enjoyed and will order again).  My wife had the Jerk Chicken and after tasting it we were both in agreement that we would order it again.  The Jerk Hut is a nice change from the norm and should not be overlooked.
5	I originally wanted to order the Oxtail with a side of cabbage but they were out of both.  (I ordered late, like at 7:30 PM)  That's ok, I tried the Goat Curry.  It was awesome! The best part about the visit was the friendly customer service.  They were very welcoming!  It felt like friends and family, welcoming us in to their home and showed us where to park and what door to use.  Their credit card machine was down and I didn't have cash.... They gave the food to me anyway!  WOW!  With a handshake, they said "we know you're good for it" and sent us on our way with their delicious food.  I will definately be back and will make good on our transaction.  What WONDERFUL people who operate the Jerk Hut and the food is very good.
4	The jerk chicken was fantastic! The oxtail was ok. Part of what makes oxtail great is the right gravy. This was too watery to be considered gravy . I will try them again because everyone has an off day and the jerk chicken alone is worth the trip.
3	Taste wise 4 star, as the food does taste good, service 4 star the guy working the counter was very nice. I would give an overall of a 4 star, but gave 3 due mainly 2 price, and as good as the food is, u really do not get very much meat with your food. They do give you plenty of rice/beans with your food, a decent amount of plantains, but very little chicken for what they charge. Overall if the price ever drops, I will absolutely go back for sure!
3	I've got mixed feelings about this place.  Definitely follow everyone's directions on how to find the place.  The parking is in the back and for those who are squeemish, it's not the best part of the neighborhood.  But for those who don't care - charge on.The guys/owners were really nice when I came in. A meal is one meat with two sides. I was debating whether to get the jerk chicken or the goat curry so the guy suggested I get both - the second meat would be my side. Well when I went to pay, the bill came out to $21!!!  I had a feeling that it would be slightly more b/c I got two meats.  That's not what upset me.  It was the fact that he FAILED to mention that it was extra.  i figured a few dollars more but it was $7 more.  I thought that should have been significant enough to mention in the beginning.  Not right when I am paying.  That is my only gripe - not mentioning it.  Maybe it's b/c I am a girl they figured they didn't have to?  hmm...  I asked them what was the price difference and they explained it but didn't seem to notice my surprise. In looking at the receipt, they charged me for the goat curry (higher price) and then the extra for the chicken.But overall everyone is right - the food was really good.  So much flavor in both meats.  A bit salty or lots of msg maybe b/c I was chugging water afterwards.   But it was definitely good.  So yes, I'd love to go back - the food was great and I could care less about the ambiance, but I wasn't happy about the failing to mention the big difference in pricing...
2	I wanted to like this place, I love Jamaican food.  I had the jerk chicken which is a whopping $10.95, with cabbage and rice n peas, chicken has ok flavor, rice and peas kind of dry with ok flavor, and cabbage meh, I ate only about 20% of my food the rest went to the garbage!!  Also tried a beef patty the filling was delicious, but the crust was so hard I pretty much only ate the middle, well that was a $15.00 lesson.  I have been to Jamaica and ate traditional food made by friends and this is nothing like it, so I am sorry to say I will not be going back, maybe other things on the menu are better?  Area is not so great either.
4	I had to join yelp to write a review about this place!!!I drove from Scottsdale just to get some  jamaican food. . and it was well worth the drive..I ordered the oxtail on a bed of white rice and plantain. The food was spot on... from the flavor and tenderness. . it was Perfect... if your are looking for a fancy sit down restaurant this might not be the place as they have very limited seating..but if it's good jamaican food you want. . look no further
5	I love Jamaican food.  Caribbean food in general is one of my favorite cuisines.  Some of the best meals I have had were home-cooked by Jamaicans, Puerto Ricans, Trinidadians, and Guayanans.  Unfortunately, Phoenix is nearly bereft of cuisine from this part of the world.  For Jamaican food, you really have the upscale, and barely authentic, breadfruit, the hole-in-the-wall at Mill and Baseline that may not even be open anymore, and now Jerk Hut.  Jerk Hut is easily the best yet.To say this place is unassuming is an understatement.  Its dinghy facade is not the most inviting exterior you have seen, but don't worry, the people inside are really friendly.The way this place works is you pick which main course you want (from a menu that changes regularly), and whether you want steamed cabbage and rice and peas on the side.  Sometimes if you're lucky, they'll also have plantains.I have been here three times, and have had the curry goat, fricassee chicken, and jerk chicken.  All are delicious; you can't go wrong with any of these.  If you haven't had curry goat, try it.  If they have the fricassee chicken, try it.  Really, it's all delicious.Unfortunately, I haven't been able to try their ox tail yet; they said they have had a difficult time getting a reliable supply.  It's OK, since they always have the curry goat, curry chicken, and jerk chicken, so the trip will never be a waste - but maybe one day I'll arrive and be pleasantly surprised with delicious ox tail.For beverages, they have cola champagne and Jamaican ginger beer, which are a must to accompany a good island meal.  Unfortunately no sorrel.Jerk Hut is great food, and a lovable hole-in-the-wall local ethnic restaurant.  Quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in town.
5	I stopped by this place shortly before closing to pick up some jerk chicken. Everyone was extremely friendly and tended to me promptly. It's a hole in the wall. But aren't those the places that usually have the best food? Yes! They hit it spot on with their authentic cuisine. I had the jerk chicken, steamed cabbage and rice. It was a bit pricey but the portions were huge! I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu!
4	Jerk chicken is one of my favorite meals. I noticed I had this place bookmarked, and it is close to my work. I decided to finally check it out. The parking was a little challenging as it shares a parking lot with a tattoo shop and there are only a few spots behind the store. Walking inside it was small - a couple of tables up front and a row of seats down the a bar against the wall. The man behind the counter was very friendly and when he asked if it was my first time there he walked me through it and made some recommendations. I had the jerk chicken, two styles of rice with "gravy", cabbage, and a couple plantains. I picked up a bottle of Ting as well. The chicken was flavorful, not too spicy, and the sides were excellent. While eating another gentleman came up and asked how I liked it. He was very polite and asked if I needed anything else. I saw a plaque stating they won 2013 Best Jerk award, and I can't disagree. It was one of the top that I have had. The food was great, the service even better. The one thing I would change is the music. They had a local radio station playing, but I would prefer to hear reggae while eat Jamaican food - make it a total experience. The club music just didn't fit. Being that close to work and a good experience, I will definitely be back.
3	Fun place but pricey. We paid $15 each for a small amount of chicken and a bunch of rice in a styrofoam box. But the food was what we thought it would be and the owner was very nice.
4	I really enjoy the ambience of this place. The staff was very inviting and warming when I enter. Jamaican food has always been a big part of my life growing up. So I know what it suppose to taste like. So far so good the jerk chicken is a must have. With a great mix of spices it will leave your mouth watering. What a great job by jerk hut. Defiantly hard to find good Jamaican food in Arizona.
5	I've been looking FOREVER for a place that serves Jamaican Beef Patties.  Every where I go in Arizona, nothing!I found this place on yelp and read that they do serve them so I just had to feed my cravings and give it a try.I'm not fond of Jamaican food so this review is pretty much on their store and beef patties.It's a small store with few seating but the place is homey.  They had a few jamaican dishes and combos available for a decent price.  I came for the Beef Patty and to my surprise they were fresh.  It wasn't as flaky as I'm used to eating it, however the taste was there and that was the most important thing.  The lady gave me a little warning that it had a bit of spice to it, however it was a spice I could handle.  Definitely better than a Golden Crust beef patty.  I just wish they had coco bread to go along with it.I'm definitely going to make the trip back just for these awesome delicacies.
5	was just what i needed, love the spice
4	We finally found the Jerk Hut after being in Phoenxi for 4 years and not being able to find any Jamaician food at all. They had some big shoes to fill as we are from New England and from a prominent town where it is 80% Jamaician.  We could go to any corner and get some jerk chicken or jerk pork.  Anyways, we laughed when we pulled up because just like home, no parking.  We pulled around back and foud a spot.  Inside reminded me of home (just missing loud music). We didn't know what to order so we decided on the curry goat, jerk chicken and also some beef patties.  The Jerk was on point!  Loved the flavors of all the spices.  Curry goat was also delish!  Beef patty was also very good (the owner told me they order them).  As for the rice and beans and cabage, it was ok.  I think they use jasmine rice and I didn't care for it with the flavors.  And the cabage was undercooked (hard).  Other then that I am still very happy I found this place. They are a little pricey too, I think they should cut some of the prices as the beef patty was 2.95 each and no coco bread. (back home they are $1.25) I want to try the oxtail and jerk pork next time we go.  http://jerkhutphx.com/
3	Three times I've visited Jerk Hut and from what I can tell, the taste of the food depends on who's cooking that particular day.  Upon your entrance, you'll see most of the food already cooked and sitting in warmers but they always have newer batches of hot pots on the stove behind the counter in order to replenish the warmers.  They'll also make-to-order for your privilege.  My first visit, I got to try the three meat dishes: jerk chicken, curry goat, oxtail stew.All were tasty, but I was partial to the chicken.  It's made mild and offered with much hotter jerk sauce if that's your pleasure.  The steamed veggies tasted good as well and the plantains were delicious.  Unfortunately, the dessert wasn't like anything I've tasted before and struck out  unpleasantly.   Won't ever ask for dessert again.Jerk chicken - 1Dessert - 0My second visit, I got to the fish: steamed snapper, fried tilapia.  Both were decent dishes.  The snapper was a whole fish made to order and cost "market price," the tilapia was prix fixe and served as small lightly breaded filets.  I also requested a veggie stew which the cook made fresh from carrots, cabbage, and coconut milk.  It was creamy, perfectly spicy (not burning), and tasted wonderful.  Home run.Tilapia - 1Veggie stew - 1The price wasn't so wonderful though.  I asked to substitute stewed veggies for the prepared steamed veggie side.  Nope - apparently we were on different menus, I was later told that the stew is a separate dish.  So I gave up $20 for the tilapia and veggie stew.  It's all right though, I made two meals out that portion.  Leftovers were even more yummy the next day.Lesson noted: get a price quote before making substitutions.  The guy behind the counter will say, "I'll take care of it" and by the time he's rung up your bill, you're like - HOW MUCH?!Food on the third visit to Jerk Hut Jamaican Grille was not good at all.  I noticed a different cook and was hesitant, but I manned-up and ordered take out anyway.  Veggie stew and plantains please.  I was given extra plantain wedges this time which would usually make me jump for joy, because the fruit is one of my fave foods.  But when I got home, one bite in and, yuck.  Those wedges were soggy, greasy, gelatinous things.  It seems they had used sweet ripe plantains and overcooked them.  (In my opinion, sweet ripe plantains should be baked, leave the frying for the unripe starchy ones.)  Like any other food that's overcooked, the plantains grew less and less appealing every minute they sat in the warmer.  I did not eat them.On to the stew.  First look - the carrots and cabbage were covered in clumps of butter and coconut milk and I couldn't even bite into it yet.  It took a couple of rinses under the tap to get the clumps out, but so went a lot of the flavor too.  Plantains - 0   Veggie Stew - 0
5	I am not that versed in Caribbean cuisine, but if this is a true representation of the that region then I am going to try and seek out all that I can experience. I have been to this place quite a few times but this is my first on Yelp with them. First of all the staff at the place is so friendly and nice. Always helpful and super courteous. I have only had three dishes from here, the Jerk Chicken, Chicken Fricasee, and Goat Curry. And I must say typing those words made my mouth water. The sweet and spicy herbs and spices they use on the Fricasee and the Jerk are so delicious and complex that as a former chef I am enthralled with how they come up with such flavors. When you oder a meal you get a choice of white rice or red beans and rice. Then you get your choice of gravy on the rice. I always get the Goat Curry gravy. Then there is a nice little surprise of a cabbage mix that is surprisingly hearty and plantains that are cooked perfectly.I will go back to this place over and over. I think the Oxtail soup is next for me to try.
5	Incredible.  I tried the jerk chicken with plantains and my husband had the jerk chicken with rice and beans I believe- both incredible.  We also tried a few of their sodas- grape and grapefruit and the grapefruit was incredible.  It's a small place and parking is in the back- really, really nice people working in this great little hidden jem- wish they were closer and wish they were open on Sundays because that's when the cravings come as I would be there every Sunday!!!  Highly recommend!!
3	I LOVE the brown stewed chicken.  I didn't care for much of anything else that came with the meal. The rice was hard, dry and tasted like it's been heated up in the microwave over and over again.  I didn't like the festivals - not much taste there.It's a small restaurant.  Not much to look at besides the strange people that's standing on at the bus stop right outside.  Unfortunately, I went to Jerk Hut for a work lunch. We could barely hear each other speak because the cook was chopping chicken sooooooo loudly.   If I didn't know any better I would have assumed he done so on purpose.  I know he didn't but dern he was loud.It turned me off from every dining inside again.  When I have the urge for Brown Stewed chicken and don't feel like making it myself I'll be sure to grab dinner from Jerk Hut to go!
5	This is a great place. The food is fantastic; like a trip to the Blue Mountains & the staff, lead by the charming owner wonderful. Not to be missed.
