4	100 bottles of beer on the wall!This place is near my house so I frequently meet up with buddies here. If it's your first time here make sure you ask to start a scorecard with the 100 beers. Once complete your name goes on the wall and you get a t-shirt. I still have  a long way to go but one day it will happen :). The bartenders are awesome here! Shout out to Sarah, Justin and Dan! Also you can play shuffleboard and darts for free! There is a coin operated pool table. The food is sufficient when you are drinking beer. The salsa is surprisingly delicious and I highly recommend the grilled cheese (which is not on the menu). There are plenty of TVs and there are lots of beer/food specials on NFL game days. Also good for happy hour.
3	Friendly bartender from Minnesota helped me pass a few hours on this night. I was also starving, so I ordrered up a surpringly good Chicken Cheese Steak. Frersh grilled with onions, peppers and washhed down nicely with inexpensive beers. It's not gourmet and for some reason the locals bars on Blue Diamond seemed to charge $2-3 bucks more (it was $10 for the normal sized sandwich), but if you live around here or staying at the Silverton (like I was) and need a non-tourist atmosphere, I would eat here again.
4	It was a lovely dining experience. Didn't really want anything on the menu. Our server George suggested steaks and said he could make us awesome steak sandwiches. Well, they were awesome indeed. Will be back
4	this bar is awesome! Ive been coming to Bilbos for a few years now and it never fails. With an endless selection of beers to the fun game of shuffle board you will have an awesome time here. The bartenders always provide great service and the jukebox playing great music you will love this place. Why only 4 stars? it tends to get pretty smokey inside when there are a lot of people. Oh yea! and the chicken fingers with the volcano sauce is amazing. super spicy!
4	A great bartender, good ventilation, free shuffleboard, megatouch, and an abundant selection of beer make me one happy girl!  The only thing keeping me from choosing 5 stars is that I haven't tried the food....yet.
