3	It's Wal-Mart and it does not disappoint.  This store location just opened recently and I thought, "well, it's somewhat close to ASU, maybe it'll have a different vibe than the typical Wal-Mart experience I'm used to."NopeIt's your standard issue Wal-Mart with your standard issue merchandise at those low low prices Wal-Mart's famous for.It also still draws the same type of customers.  They're the ones we've all come to know and love at www.peopleofwalmart.com.  If you're looking for an environment where kids scream out the numbers they know (and failing to exceed 5...I'm serious), if part of your shopping experience includes the oblivious blocking every isle, and if you are enamored by the grandma pace cars you have to follow to get up to the front, then this is the Wal-Mart for you.
1	Ugh. Just when I was getting happy with my little area of Tempe. I have my coffee, my hair salon, my cute boutique shop, my dive bar, my Fresh and Easy, and then they had to add a Wal-Mart. A little part of me died the day I saw the coming soon sign. A little part of me dies every time I see the building and I have to admit I don't cross the intersection of Southern and Rural much anymore.However, as chance would have it, I was looking for a very specific item this weekend and the only place I knew that carried it (as the model I found first was about to be discontinued) was at Wal-Mart. So, I put on my best pair of loungewear meets dancewear and forced myself in. The store is small (thank God) and is not a large vastly sized super jungle. I first attempted to search for the item, and had no success. I then headed to customer service to see if they could check and see if another store had the item. I gave them the information that is listed on the company website to use and was given back a blank stare. Apparently the information listed on the website for the online store items cannot be used to look up inventory?????I am now trying to gain back brain cells.
3	For it doesn't sell alcohol!!!!!!!!! Amazing! Although I don't know how long they will keep that policy in this store. As much as Walmart is hated by many, I'm still glad to find part of my country here. YES, walmart gives jobs back home. Don't expect to find the variety of the real big Walmarts, this is just another one.
3	Most of us know what makes Wal Mart. This review is to let folks know that this location is a little different from other locations that you have visited.This Wal Mart is very new! This Wal Mart was placed inside an old Meryn's department store at the corner of Rural and Southern. As such, this isn't your typical Wal Mart. Each department is smaller than what you would usually expect.  Walking around the store, you can tell certain departments are smaller and condensed compared to other local Wal Marts in Mesa or the location on Elliott in Tempe.The other day I went to Wal Mart to look for some bar soap that I've bought at Wal Mart many times. This location only sold Dial bar soap. The food/bakery/produce/meat section is a little smaller than what you might be used to at other locations. What is offered should be more suitable to fullfill most of your shopping needs though.One thing that irks me about this Wal Mart, is they don't have the hand held baskets when you only need to buy a few items. You need to get a cart or hope you can carry everything in your hands. I've inquired about this problem and was told that management has heard this complaint and is working on it. What is the hold up? **update** Baskets are now provided after 2-3 months!One perk is this location is open 24 hours.
4	It's a smaller version. Same general selection of stuff, just not all the brands of a larger Walmart. You can zip in and grab a gallon of milk and not have to walk a mile. But if you want imitation crab meat, they don't have it. Bummer.
3	Just bought a Schwinn Beach Cruiser Bike last nite at this store.  "fully assembled by a Walmart employee".  Biggest piece of junk I've ever purchased.  The assembler stripped the bolt that held the seat height in place, didnt adjust or tighten ANYTHING.  Didnt even assemble the chain properly, which broke on the first ride.  What happened to Schwinn?  Made cheaply in China...of course.  After a half day's work, we finally got it ride-able.  Buyer beware...you get what you pay for.
1	This Walmart blew the opportunity to redeem the repeated failure of a product, for which I did not happen to have the receipt when I decided to stop and take care of it. Customer Service Manager Chelsea is clearly empowered to read the return policy on the wall. Of course, I am, too. The purpose of requesting to speak to a manager was to gain the exception that those in such a position are typically able to dispense. My request? Please allow me to upgrade to a higher quality item since the original lasted less than a month and the first replacement only a week. We are talking $12.88 here. She suggested that I go to a larger store that has different parameters for returns. I suggested that I shop at Target. Customer Service Manager Chelsea was good with that.
4	I am quite surprised at all the  low stars for this Walmart.                                                  I am actually quite impressed with this location.                                                                      Yes it was a Mervyn's at one time. However, i think it is quite large inside with a lot of  selection. They even have a full grocery set up. I think it very clean and it smells clean. I travel for my job so i have visited many a Walmart through out the  country and this one is very nice. They develop photos and have a pharmacy.  Prices are good. It  is still a Walmart though. So you can only expect them to have what they have.   The parking is limited that is true so that is one reason i was down a star.
4	This is a great Walmart store. True there is not much parking on a busy day. However, it is very clean inside with a lot of selection.   They carry food items as well as everything else. Christmas time is packed with a big selection and good deals. They have photo development and a pharmacy. Good place to go check out is fast as well.
3	Went to walmart to get a xacto knife but they didn't have it, they were apparently sold out. Walmart can even restock these days.. the guy that works at walmart did politely direct me into the direction of the knife though. Hopefully they stock up on their products more often.
3	Ok, where to begin, it's Walmart not much surprise in this store decent prices and selection, not as big selection as other Walmarts, but it is a smaller store so that's fine.  Most of the staff are friendly compared to other Walmarts in Tempe.  The employees are much slower in this store, however, and no matter what time of day I go in, even late at night (I live less than a mile from this store) there is always a long line.  The parking is really bad here to, not many convenient spots (I always park in front facing Southern) and people are ALWAYS speeding in this lot.  Overall it's a decent store as long as you have time to wait, as you will be waiting in a long line, and can deal with the parking lot.
1	i hate this wall mart its soo small and dirty and the staff are rude
1	I am sick and tired of one poor Walmart experience after another. I originally had high hopes for this location. The sad truth is that they have a far lesser selection compared to other stores. Plus I refuse to be locked into the store before it even closes one more time. Isn't this a fire hazard?!?!
1	I had a very bad experience at this Walmart this weekend. I shopped Saturday and bought some fiber one bars. When I got home and went to eat one it was rancid! The box had been expired for two months. When I went to take it back the employee did not apologize or care that the store sold me expired product. To me that is pretty tacky and deserves and apology. Then I bought some produce. The cashier did not say hello to me or say anything for that matter, and then she forgot to give me my change. I had to remind her, then wait for the lady behind me to be finished being rung up before she was able to get it for me. All this would not have been a big deal had the employees been friendly!!
1	My respect for Wal-Mart has never been high...What used to be an "All-American" merchandiser has become the predominant "Made in China" merchandiser.  Folks who work here are not paid enough to survive without food stamps.  They cannot afford to pay for company offered benefits.Regardless, the straw that broke my back was in asking to purchase a roll of quarters.On walking in to get butter (which was not offered at .99 Cents Only next door), I picked up butter and went to the register.  As I paid out, I requested $20 in change.  When the cashier handed me my change, I asked if I could get a roll of quarters.  I was advised that the register did not keep extra coinage, but I could go to the Customer Service desk to purchase a roll of quarters.Imagine my surprise when the lead told me there were no quarters in the building.The assistant manager denied me but after waiting 20 minutes the manager arrived and requested the roll of quarters be brought.  Why tell me I can get what I want if I go to another desk if I cannot.
4	This is really not a bad Walmart as they go. There really is a huge selection of everything here. The prices are killer. Though THis time of year is not the best time to shop.You just have to make sure that you get here early before things get crazy.If you do come early , you have more to choose from and there are better parking spots.The deli is quite impressive as well. A t for the workers here they really try to make everyone happy. Which is a tough job.
4	I came here this Sunday before 12noon. Already it was very busy. I got a decent parking spot ,and they had some nice Alcohol wipes right by the door to wipe down the cart when you come in. I really like that always, every where I go because, of the Flu.Anyway I came to get some Raw Sugar, they have the best price of anywhere I have seen so far. A full dollar less. So I bought 2.I also picked up a few other items while I was here. They do have a good fruit selection ,which is surprising right!Just goes to show you , you never know.
5	This review is for the pharmacy in the store.I had a tooth extracted recently and along with my antibiotics was a prescription for Vicodin.  I was not aware that you can now get a DUI for driving under the influence of Vicodin, but the head pharmacist let me know about this.  I probably would not have driven, but this was good to know just in case.  I could only imagine the hell that I would have gone through if I were stopped and cited.  Thank you so much. This is your everyday WalMart, but the pharmacist in charge was top class.  Along with great prices, you also get great advice.  Recommended.
1	I have shopped there since it opened.  Last night after 20 minutes and a small hand basket I still could not get checked out, I went to ask a question and all I was told "This  Lane Is Closed" - fine I said, I'll add 20 min to your day and you can restock these items - gave them my basket and walked out.The small store has a limited selection - but it now even takes longer to give them money....These people have been very nice - but last night severely ticked me off.
1	Pros: cheap prices. Plenty of parking. Close to my home. Cons: The 1/2 the items I wanted weren't in stock (jolly time popcorn, danactive, and olay regenerest lotion) came by last night (Saturday) and lines were 5-6 carts deep. Couldn't put off my errands anymore so came back the next night. I've been in line for 22 minutes with 3 more customers still to go before it's my turn. Sigh.
2	This store used to be a Mervyn's but it was transformed into a Walmart. The store is quite small given that it also has a grocery section. In the grocery section of the store, you would find what you would normally look for. However, if you look in the clothing, electronics, office, etc. sections, the selections of items are very few compared to other Walmarts.This location is convenient for those in the area since the other Walmarts are at least 10 away. The place is just very cramped and it lacks the items that other Walmarts have. Prices are still cheap though so at least you have that.I would say if you are in the area, then go to it. If you are looking for a variety of items, you would want to go to the other nearest Walmarts... which are the bigger ones on either Baseline/Country Club or the one on Elliot/Priest.
2	Ugh the rudest cashier never spoke a word not even a hello she thru my stuff into the bags and just stuffed it with anything and everything. Ruth your a rude person
1	The worst WalMart location out there. First of all this is a half a$$ed walmart due to not carrying a full electronics department, and lack of inventory in other departments. My main cause for the single star this evening is how the night management at this 24 hour store lack simple intelligence. When I come to the line (carrying one item) none of the check yourself out lines are open, and there is one checker with a super long line, but she is not checking items, she is changing her drawer till. I openly complained and was then told by another checker (that decided this was a good time to open a second line) that "i Am sorry sir we need to change the tills at midnight" I asked if she was the night manager and she replied yes. I then replied to tell her that she sucked. She said she has to change tills at night there is nothing she can do about it. I told her she is the manager and she can make changes to deal with store rushes.... isn't a manager in charge? She was either not in charge or too fat and lazy to care. As i left the store, I glanced to my right and noticed there were about 15 employees sitting on the curb having a break. Whoever this night manager is, should be shot for laziness and indifference. Pardon my lack of improper type and misspellings, but after I wasted 20 minutes of my life on stupid fat people, I could care less.
1	This place is fucking worthless.A half-ass Wal Mart in every sense of the word. None of the department items are ever fully stocked. They never have what I need. Also - did I mention ghetto? For a WalMart, that is saying a lot.One of the pharmacy techs asked my husband if he had AIDS, because the computer said ADS next to his name (which she later found out meant update his address). Like, wtf. The photo center is just a bunch of do it yourself printers. And the employees have no knowledge. Don't waste your time, try another store or hit up Target.
3	As was stated by others this is a much smaller Walmart than usual. I was rather shocked when I saw how small the baby section was. My daughter got diaper wipes and I found some eggnog, which I was out of, but they had no maternity bras which was the thing we had gone in for . I guess if you just need basics this would be an OK place to shop but not if you needed a wide variety to choose from.The parking lot seemed kind of small to me with very short rows. The bad news is it will fill up a lot faster in the holidays. The good news is that you don't have to walk very far from your car to the entrance. When I read that this store had gone in where a Mervyns went out, I understood why it didn't look like other Walmart parking lots.
1	This Walmart hardly has anything I need and the employees are very unhelpful.  One of many examples: one time I stopped by to grab a vase. Not only do they not carry a simple vase, but the employee I asked was very arrogant and rude about it.  (The dollar store right next door had a selection of vases).  Another incident is the reason I will never shop at this Walmart again.  I had accidentally locked my keys and my cell phone in the car while shopping there.  With my hand full of groceries, I explained my situation to the lady at customer care and asked if I could use a phone.  Her reply, "we don't have phones for the public to use". Customer care my ass. I had to track down someone with a cell phone just to make a phone call.
1	I have no idea why the photo to this Wal Mart displays "SUPERCENTER". This has got to be the tiniest Wal Mart known to man! The parking lot was designed terribly! They rarely have what I want stocked on the shelves. Terrible customer service-sometimes the cashiers ask if I found everything alright. DO NOT go here during the day! Besides battling for a parking spot you will also find yourself waiting in line FOREVER! They do not utilize back up cashiers whatsoever! Why is this the only Wal Mart in Tempe besides the even tinier college location!??! I now drive to Mesa Riverview Wal Mart for all my Wal Mart needs. If you're reading this, I suggest you do the same.
5	Ok, Walmart, DU DUH!  Sure, but you know what?  In contrast to my local Walmart at 35th Av. & Southern, which is currently getting a generous 2 Stars from here, this one was running just great today!  They actually had all the things IN STOCK that my Walmart was out of yesterday, plus the staff members here were perky and friendly, the lines for me at both Customer Service and regular checkout were short and it was a real pleasure to shop here!     :-))
3	Small. Just basic, not like the other Wal-Marts. Prefer the Elliot location for more variety.
2	There are several WalMart's I go to on a regular basis and this one is in one of the nicer neighborhoods, yet there are WAY more sketchy people loitering around outside than at the WalMarts I go to in poorer neighborhoods. From a selection basis, the selection is ok--like 3 stars, BUT I find there grocery section is especially terrible which is aggravating. Staff often acts like they don't care too.
5	Walmart? More like SMALL-MartHowever despite how small the Walmart is, I got everything I needed, and it is small, but then again before you complain look at everything else in the area, it is also small. You can't expect them to shoehorn a full size store in a lot this small, even Walmart haven't figured out how to break the laws of physics yet. I got everything I needed at this store and I think the staff here was very nice. Parking was alright for the time I went and I did have a pleasant shopping experience here.
2	So I went to buy a computer and online the price was cheeper so I printed the Walmart online add and the wouldn't price match it. It was their own online website!!!
2	It's conveniently close to my house and open 24/7, so I can't complain about that. Plus it's Walmart so you know that you are going to get low prices.However, it's a rather small Walmart that can have a pretty limited selection. I can typically get everything I need here, but I can definitely say that I have been disappointed multiple when I can't find things that larger Walmarts might have. On top of that, they never seem to have enough registers open. I am always finding myself waiting exceedingly long in line no matter what time of the day it is.
1	Was in here today to purchase 3 things. I had a coupon for 1.00 off of Purex Cystals and I had used one the other day with no problem. I got to the cashier and the coupon would not scan, so she proceeds to read the whole thing word for word then tells me I got the wrong size. There is no size on the coupon, like I said I used the same one a few days ago.  She calls over her manager who tells me if the computer does not recognize it they do not take it. I said "Seriously" and her manager turns around to me and says "Yeah Seriously" ..No I am sorry . nothing . She did override and took the dollar off and when I said Thank You she just walked away. It's not about the dollar it's about the customer service and how rude this manager was .
1	What a dump this is.  Dirty store, half empty shelves, few employees there to help you.  Racks of returned clothes blocking aisles, checkout people who only give you half the merchandise they squirrel away in those stupid carousels as you pay.  It's pretty obvious that no one from Bentonville has seen this operation for years.  Thank the Lord I found a nice clean Ace Hardware close at hand!
3	Well....its Walmart so it smells like farts and there are lots of bums in the parking lot. It is one of the cleaner stores inside, but it is so small. It is close to home and cheap.....but wear a gas mask and be ready to be asked if you can spare change from bums.
1	I don't like this Walmart. It seems to attract a very strange crowd of people. It's also quite small and does not have really anything you need. I would go to another Walmart in the area if you need to do a ton of shopping.
1	Update ..the manager actually did call me back and she was just as dumb, it not dumber than her employee.
1	Worst walmart ever. No self scans, not enough employees, they are missing a lot of items that every other walmart carries.  This building is just way to small for this area, the over crowding is just horrible and its everyday its like this.  They need to move to a larger building.
