4	Beard papa ain't got nothin' on Chocolate Swan!  Chocolate covered Eclairs.  Variety of sizes...mini, regular, and big daddy...I opted for the mini as I had just eaten a huge burger at the burger bar.  Oh, and the dark chocolate covered toffee is pretty good too.  Especially for breakfast the next day.  They lose one star because the clerk was a smart ass...but in a good way.  I'm just a sore loser!
5	Whenever people say "Las Vegas", my ears perk up. Not for the casinos, mind you, more for Chocolate Swan. And their Grand Marnier cheesecake, in particular. This quaint little oasis of sweetness is the perfect spot to sit down in between casinos and have a nice leisurely coffee break, all the while gorging yourself on the many calorie-causing blissful creations they have. This isn't  dried up $2 a slice cheesecake, people. If you want that, go to the grocery store. If you want 'melt in your mouth, so good you create a photo montage (which I did)' quality, head over here.
4	The Chocolate Swan serves pastries, ice cream and, of course, chocolate.  I wasn't impressed on my first visit, when I tried truffles (very good) and various pastries (good but not special).  I didn't return for a year and one half.This time I had an eclair - a monster of an eclair - a veritable mountain of an eclair.  For those wishing to enjoy the delights of a diabetic coma, an even bigger version is available.  The pastry shell was thin, crisp, and not too sweet.  It was filled with a generous portion of rich but light pastry cream, and topped with good chocolate.  I still wouldn't rate The Chocolate Swan as highly as Jean-Philippe Ptisserie or Lentre, but it's pretty darned good.The Chocolate Swan used to have two locations in Mandalay Place.  One has closed; the one near The Luxor remains open.
5	when i first discovered this place a few years ago, i must admit, my standard for chocolate eclairs changed FOREVA. the chocolate swan makes SUCH a scrumptious eclair!! one that beckons me to come back time and time again...no matter how drunk, how broke, or how rushed i find myself when i am in vegas. i typically buy a few smaller eclairs to take home in a box to prolong the chocolatey bliss, but the super behemoth of an eclair is meant to be bought and enjoyed with company. if you were to tackle that giant monster by yourself, you will surely keel over in a sweet, sweet death....which might not be a bad thing after all. good eats!! your sweet tooth will thank you!!
5	Right next to Burger Bar is a cute little dessert place. They are known for their homemade frozen custards. All of their frozen custards I've had were good. The chocolate ones can be a little too sweet, but I still enjoyed it. I have also tried their cheesecake and fruit tart, but their chocolate eclairs are the best I've had in a while! Actually, everything there is really good. A must try for dessert!
5	I'm curious as to why this place has marked $$$.  Even I, one of the most frugal people on the planet (in this economy, anyway) has to admit that this is probably the best addition to the Las Vegas Strip since the 99cent margarita!I got their peanut butter bar, which was thick, creamy and deliciously sinful.  The chocolate chips and peanut butter proportions were amazing and was a totally satisfying sweet indulgence. All this amazement at a bargain price of $2.50!!!! Seriously?! I paid more for a 12oz bottle of water just a few hundred feet away from this place, and yet this peanutbuttery perfection can be obtained in the casino in Las Vegas for less than what I'd spent at Mrs. Fields. I will definately be back soon...possibly as soon as tonight! The frozen custard in the case looks too amazing to pass up.
5	DAMMIT! i didn't have the frozen custard. if only i yelped before going there... oh well, next time.i went here to get an emergency birthday cake for a las vegas native (i'm from LA). do guys just not get cakes anymore? WTF. Anyway, so we go there and I'm looking at all the cakes. the party upstairs was too small for a real cake (at that point) so we i decided to purchase a big fruit tart for the bday boy, and 6 mini fruit tarts (for the guests). it came out to less than $30. And it was absolutely delicious!
5	I got to celebrate my birthday in Vegas with some of my good girlfriends.  Let me tell you... they just elevated to bestest girlfriends. Here's why:Suite at THE Hotel Mandalay = $295/nightStripper (with baggy g-string) = pricelessDeath By Chocolate - Birthday cake = Orgasmic!!!!In all my 35 years on this planet I have never had anything so delicious! Every birthday I am in Vegas I will definitely get my birthday cake from there!
4	This place is very cute!  A dessert only place...  nice!I went here to buy chocolate candy which was pricey and average.A few days later we went back for an after dinner dessert/wine.  The desserts were good, and was perfect w/the wine.  Would highly recommend going here to eat any of the desserts!  Yum.Woman behind the counter was super nice and patient as we drooled and could not decide what we wanted!
5	I am not a sugar fanatic but this place doesn't have sugar...it has edible crack! four of us shared eclairs, red velvet cupcakes, frozen custard, fruit tarts, brownies, chocolate cake, carrot cake, & cheese cake in one night. Wow were we swept off our feet!!! We went back for 3 nights just to indulge in the sin of gluttony. This place is just incredibly wonderful! Thumbs up to the lady who created these recipes!!!!!!!!!!
4	While we were waiting for our table at the Burger Bar we smelled our way to the Chocolate Swan!  And I'm so glad we did.  This place is so cool; a dessert and wine only restaurant/bakery type establishment.  After lunch we stopped by to check out all the goodies they had.  Wow!  Since we had just ate and were going to a big dinner later on, we just got a red velvet cupcake (a bit on the expensive side but also larger than normal), a bite of a chocolate covered pretzel (sort of  like a sample for .25), and a mini fruit tart.  The cupcake was moist and rich and the fruit tart sweet and fresh.  My favorite was the bite of chocolate pretzel...salty, sweet, crunchy...the chocolate was so decadent.  The cashier was friendly and very patient as she waited for us to decide.  I would visit this place again (for the whole sit down experience) next time!
5	Every time I come to Las Vegas, this is my FIRST stop! I HAVE to get my frozen custard and my mini cheesecake before I do anything else in Las Vegas!I have yet to figure out what exactly this frozen custard is! Its amazing and delicious. It isnt like frozen yogurt or ice cream or creamery. And it doesnt really have a custard texture either. Its extremely smooth and looks exactly how ice cream would look scooped out.This place is also full of cute pastries, chocolates and truffles. Seriously heaven for someone like me, who cant get enough sweets!
4	R.I.P.Chocolate Swan [January 1983 - March 2009] Resident of Mandalay BayAfter a courageous 16 year battle with erratic consumer demand and developing trends, Chocolate Swan passed away peacefully at their home in the Mandalay Bay. CS was very popular amongst both its peers and clients for making some of the most delicious desserts on the Strip. Their eclairs were among the best in the resort, and their cakes so beautiful that brides often called in advance to place orders for their big day. CS reached out and touched the hearts of so many with their delicious treats. I will add, the minute I discovered they had passed (it was a little over three minutes ago) was a sad one for me. For the family and friends of Chocolate Swan, I shed a virtual tear.Please forward all donations, warm wishes and condolences to: Mandalay Bay, 3950 Las Vegas Boulevard South, Las Vegas, NV, (877) 632-7800
