5	This place is awesome! I've been looking for a new place and I finally found it. The service is great, and the place is super clean and sanitized.  The pedicure spas have liner, which other places do not.They also have a great variety of gel colors. And they are having a grand opening of 20% off
5	I am extremely critical of where I go to get my mani/pedi done.  Katie and Kenny are the absolute best nail techs and now they have their own shop and offer great grand opening discounts plus customers get points for the work they have done and then get free services in exchange for those points.  Mark does luxurious pedis.  There is a large color selection and their pedi tubs are lined with a plastic liner and new liner is put on for each customer.  Unbelievably clean and friendly.  Give them a try so you can find out for yourself what a great place this is.  Located next to WalMart on Lake Mead and Boulder.  Used to be U.S. Nails and that sign is still on building until they have their own sign put up.  All their furnishings and equipment are brand new.
5	Kenny and Katie are AMAZING. My grandma, mom and daughter have been going to them before they opened their own shop and Im so glad they did! This place is CLEAN and they use liners in the pedicure tubs for each customer as well as cleaning them! They also give you points for every dollar you spend so you can use those points in the future for free services. They always make sure we are happy! We will always keep coming back!
5	I absolutely love this place !! I was looking for a different nail shop because mine i was going to started getting sloppy ( 10 years I went there ) after a few places I came into this one and I'm super glad that I did ! I have been going there for a few months now and I am not going anywhere ! Plus they have an awesome rewards program .
5	This is the BEST pedicure I think I have ever received in my whole life.Mark, my nail technician, was amazing and he now has a loyal customer!  I won't go anywhere else.  Super clean salon, friendly staff, and amazing pedicures sure do set this place apart from their competition.  Need an awesome pedicure?  You should come here!!  You won't be disappointed.  TOP NAILS SPA ROCKS!!!  Thanks again, Mark.  :)  -Andi
5	Marc is TEH AWESOME. Seriously. What a great manicure! Plus you can talk about artsy stuff and practice your Korean language skills on him. Yeah, uh huh, das right!Just go already.
5	.Been looking for a new nail salon & I'm so glad I found this gem! Very clean, they use liners for pedicure spas, nail techs are friendly, attentive. A lot of color selections. Great place!
5	My experience here was great. I got a pedicure and full set acrylic. Everyone who works here is very nice and friendly. Very clean shop. The pedicure chairs are really comfy with massage feature. I showed the lady a picture of how I wanted my nails done and she nailed it!! I will definitely return!
4	We were back in Vegas again for a wedding. And no, not a crazy eloping, Elvis Presley type wedding. A normal, couple-who-has-dated-over-one-year kinda wedding.This nail spot was right around the corner from the hotel we were staying at in Henderson so I figured why not try it out.I rarely get my mani/pedis done by males but this nail salon is very interesting because majority of their workers are males. AND they all speak pretty decent if not perfect English. Who'da thunk it?I got a regular mani pedi done. I'd have to say the pedi was very quick and enjoyable. Loved the salt scrub they use. My mani was also awesome. I forget who my nail tech but he shaped my cat claws very nicely. And I picked a usual fall/winter color for both my fingers and toes (OPI Linkin Park After Dark) and here we over 2 weeks later and my nails still look somewhat fresh! :)My only reason for not rating them 5 stars is the price. I ended up paying around $48 for my mani pedi. That's kinda craycray for me since it was quite standard and the nail salon isn't located in the best neighborhood of Henderson either.
4	Nice, clean place and friendly owners. They did a great job on my pedicure. The only con is they are pricier than other nail salons in Henderson. They charged me $26 for my pedicure. Other salons in the area only charge $20.
4	Love this new salon!!! Kind of hard to find but its tucked in on the side of Wal-Mart. This place is immaculately clean with new chairs and a very serene environment. Everyone is super friendly and Mark does a great job!!
5	I really enjoy going here regularly. They never fail at doing my gel manis! They're very clean when using materials, and they use liners when giving you a pedi. Staff are always nice! I always recommend people to go here (:
