3	Not bad, but for basically the same price, you can do a lot better. One of Ruth's signatures is that their steaks come out on a plate of sizzling butter. If that sounds a little rich and decadent, it's not...it's VERY rich and decadent. That being said if you're going to eat at Ruth's Chris, you might as well go with it. It will make you feel like crap for days, but it tastes really good.Again, for the same money you can dine at Morton's, Donnavon's or Mastro's, all of which I think are superior, but if those places are all booked, or for some reason you just want to visit the one that was here first, Ruth's Chris is still a pretty good steak.
4	Probably just north of 3 stars, but rounded up for the excellent service.  We got here a bit early for an 8 o clock reservation and decided to hit the bar area.  Be warned, it's not a huge bar area- only 3 tables or so and maybe 10 stools at the bar.  The wait staff there was excellent.  I ordered a pretty simple Hendrick's & Tonic (any place that carries Hendrick's is alright with me), but my friend ordered a specialized drink of 1 part Hendrick's & 2 part Ketel one, shaken, no garnish, with half poured and the other half chilled in a shot glass sitting in a tumbler of ice water.  SHEESH, talk about high maintenance, but they gladly made it and made it to a T.  The steaks themselves were ok.  For the price you pay (~$40 for my bone-in ribeye), you can get a better steak just down the street at Donovan's.  Also, they don't serve any complimentary sides or anything with the steak, unless you order them.  It's just the steak on a plate of sizzling butter.  Quite gluttonous.  I did save a little room for dessert.  I split a flourless chocolate cake with a hint of espresso and a strawberry drizzle.  It was absolutely awesome, and probably the best part of the meal, which, for a steakhouse, probably isn't a rousing endorsement.
1	I used to like their foodHonestly.It was my one year anniversary.Me and me man went here to celebrateI had a lobster tailAnd a filetOn the way home, I got violently illLike, within ten minutes of leaving this place.And no, I only had a few glasses of champagne :)I ended up going home, and laying on the floor for awhile crying, moaning, vomiting, etcAfter about an hour, I couldn't take it anymoreI called 911The paramedics showed up, I was naked and crying on the floor.It was a VERY romantic anniversary, let me tell you.After a long night at Scottsdale Osborn hospital, it was determined that the lobster tail was undercooked/tainted and made me severly ill.I'll never eat here again.Simply because I've never been so sick.It's a shame though, because on the way down, the lobster tail had these cajun seasonings and really was exceptionally delicious.HOWEVERI contacted Ruths Chris and they refunded my dinner amount, paid my hospital copay, and were SOOO nice and accomodating to my every demand.  Bravo.Although, Boo for almost killing me.Eh, I'm torn.
4	I recently received a $100 gift card to Ruth's Chris from my students, so Hubby and I decided to use it last night. Overall, we had an excellent meal. Hubby had the gumbo as a starter. It was very flavorful, but had a little less heat than he would have preferred- maybe with the addition of a couple of dashes of Tabasco, he said, it would have been awesome. I had the Caprese salad with thick slices of beautifully ripe and flavorful beefsteak tomato, buffalo mozzarella, fresh basil, and a nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I appreciated that they let the tomato and mozzarella be the star by not drowning it in dressing. I absolutely loved the addition of a big piece of flash fried basil, which is something I have seen done a few times on cooking shows recently. Unexpectedly scrumptious.Both our steaks were perfectly cooked (but you need to be aware that Ruth's Chris tends to under-cook slightly, so a medium-rare is just barely so, flirting with rare). Hubby had the buffalo rib-eye Chef's special which was farm-raised, our server told us, so the meat was not very gamey. It was firmer than a standard rib-eye, but less fatty, and very flavorful. He got it with a mustard crust, which was overkill. I had the regular rib-eye, and it was wonderful. We shared a sauteed mushroom side. Neither of us came close to finishing the huge portions, especially because we were saving some room to share the creme brulee. It came just slightly warmed with a perfect sugar crust and beautiful fresh berry garnish. It is one of the best brulees I have ever had- even better than I can make myself! :) The coffee was mediocre.Is Ruth's Chris the best steak we have ever had? No- that would be Craftsteak in Vegas, but it's still worth the money. Our biggest complaint was our garrulous server- just this side of arrogant and annoying. He must have spent a half-hour loudly waxing poetic about wine, his grandparents, and Chicago to the people behind us, while we sat neglected. And we were amused to note that some of what he said was inaccurate. Oh well, don't know the answer? Bullshit like you do!
5	One of the best steak restaurants in the city. I have consistently been treated to top shelf food and service here. I prefer the Indian Bend location, though the Camelback spot is convenient for business dinners.Sorry to hear about Sarah's misadventure, I have not yet tried their seafood -- Ruth's Chris is all about premium aged steaks to me.
2	Mastro's has me so spoiled that I find Ruth's to be like a deflated balloon. I've never been a huge RC fan, but I think they used to be so much better once upon a time! At this price point, I can think of several much better steak houses!
5	This is where I had the best steak of my life. It is hands down one of the best steak houses in the city, in any city. The service and food is always amazing, which it should be because it will cost you. That is the only down side but you truely get what you pay for at this place and I believe it is worth it everytime.Go and enjoy because you will be speaking about it for days, months, and years... seriously =)
5	Ruth's Chris, the only steak house I can fully endorse.  500 degree plates make the sizzle a memorable experience.  The Ahi tuna appetizer is also a must have to start the meal off right.  While every salad they have is a can't miss, I'll go there just to get the Chop Salad.
5	I think this is the BEST place to have steak EVER!  I've eaten at Ruth's over 30 times.  I love the sizzling steak with butter.  I have always had my cowboy rib eye cooked to perfection.  I have always loved the freshness of that cold butter with fresh n' hot bread.  It's always cold and fresh with no other flavors absorbed in the butter.  The salads are all fantastic!  So fresh!  I've had every side dish and I love them all.  The desserts and dessert wines are perfect.  All of the wines are great too.  Shirley Temples are so nice.  I've always had excellent service at the Camelback location.  (One in Vegas had slow service but they were very busy and I think understaffed and Scottsdale location was just alright - not as attentive as Camelback location)Yes, it is expensive.  We expect that when we go.  I think it is VERY much worth it though.  They have the right to serve ala carte.  The prices aren't outrageous.  The food is very, very good.  The sides are the perfect size.  I also like the way they wrap the leftovers to go in nice boxes and bags.   To comment on a few of the other postings here...the servers tell you the plate is sizzling hot.  They even ask you to raise your napkin over your chest as they set it down.  The guy who burned his hand should have been warned.  Sorry if he wasn't.  And the butter is what makes it so special and wonderful.  The servers tell you that it comes with the butter.  It is not swimming.  They put a little pad on the top at the last moment and that hot plate keeps your steak hot.  As for people who have had bad service and wrong steaks, that is not the norm.  I have never had a better rib eye.  We try to do it like Ruth's at home, but it's never quite the same.  Never had any of their other steaks.  I also recommend the stuffed chicken.  Oh my!  Again on the chicken, the butter and sizzling makes it AWESOME!
4	Just had another wonderful dinner at Ruth's Chris with friends.  Ruth's is a wonderfully prepared steak with great attention to the service.  I cannot think of a time when the appetizers, salads, steaks and side dishes were not prepared perfectly!My wife had lobster and she noted that it was a tad overcooked but she is a trained chef so I know sometimes she spots things that I never would.Overall, if you are looking for a special night out with great steaks, go to Ruth's Chris!  I doubt you will be dissapointed!
2	Ruth Chris did not meet my expectations.  The food was good but, not excellent and certainly not worth the $200 that the bill came to for one cocktail, 1 appetizer, 2 small steaks, one side and 2 glasses of wine. No complaints about the service or the atmosphere. That was fine. However, for the money, I would go to Donovan's or Omaha Steakhouse.
3	Steak is on par with other Ruth's Chris locations but the ambiance (there is an ambiance in this place?) is horrible. Light is too bright, the chairs are uncomfortable and it seems they don't have a private room because they have a huge group of what looks like a family reunion/birthday and kids are everywhere, and the noise level destroyed my and boyfriend's enjoyment of the meal. Even the building this is in seems like a commercial/corporate building; no character at all. One good thing is their valet is free.Will not go back to this location. I'll stick with Ruth's Chris in Woodland Hills and Beverly Hills.
5	I have to say I definitely love Ruth's Chris- one of the best meals I've ever had- from the silky lobster bisque, the sizzling melt in your mouth filet, to the super stud waiter Sean who was fabulous all night and then surprised me with the most luscious creme brulee. Mmmmm- I can definitely be seduced with this place- I think its named after me for a reason ;).
3	Haven't been here in years, but here's what I remember.Pros- Best melt in your mouth steak everReally good salad with minced olives and onions in the dressingDelicious crab-stuffed mushroomsCons-Cold, uncomfortable atmosphere (snooty)Bread was never very goodEverything had to be ordered a la carteVery pricey
5	This was the first time I had been to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, the food lived up to the expectations I'd heard from others.  The portions were good and the items came at the right time.  I did not feel rushed in any way and our waiter, Jimmy, did an excellent job answering every question we had.  I tried their special house dressing Rimaloud(don't know how to spell it) which was a kind of spicy creamy dressing, which I highly recommend.  My steak was cooked exactly to order and melted in my mouth, one of the best filets I've ever had.  The restaurant was very nice, the type of place that you'd visit on special occasions, worth the entire experience.
3	It's been a while since we've been here and we got here by ways of Infiniti. We were getting the oil changed on my husband's car (or something else equally mundane) and a salesman kept trying to get us to test drive a new car but we had no interest. He finally sweetened the deal with a Ruth's Chris gift card. Long story short, we drove the car, got the gift card, got our car back and went to dinner. We got there and sat at the bar and enjoyed a couple of glasses of champagne and scotch before we moved to our seats. I've got to say, this is the only location I've been so I can't speak for the ambiance of others, but this one is sorely lacking. The lighting is bright, it feels overly open and the air conditioner was blowing full force. We started with the wedge with blue cheese. It was as expected. Iceberg with bacon and blue cheese. Hard to screw up. Tastes good. I don't remember was cut if steak we ordered but I was talked into getting the butter on my plate. Huge mistake. It just made it overly rich. I also can't say I'm a fan of the searing hot plate. It made my medium rare steak progressively more cooked. If it has to go in either direction, I prefer it to be rarer. My husband wanted the au gratin potatoes so we shared an order of those. Here's another one of my beef's. Sometimes restaurants equate richness (butter and cream) with flavor and goodness, which they are, but they stop there. They load up the potatoes au gratin with sticks of butter and pints and heavy whipping cream and think, "Viola! I have created a masterpiece!" but in reality they're just rich and really don't have much flavor. You can probably tell I didn't think much of them. For desert we ended up with the chocolate sin cake and the creme brulee. Both were OK but so are the frozen deserts from Trader Joe's. I'd say they were on par with those. OK when I'm paying $4.99 for two and preparing them myself. Not so much when buying one in a restaurant. Nothing was bad at Ruth's Chris, I was disappointed to find that nothing stood out as phenomenal. Next time I'll stay home and make some steaks myself, we'll eat them in our pajamas with a bottle of wine them watch some Mad Men. Now that's a good evening.
5	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):10 Food10 Service10 Atmosphere5 ValueI can't honestly give a healthy "Value" score to $40+ steaks (sides extra), but that doesn't mean it shouldn't be splurged on from time to time ;)  because it was the best steak I've had, with delicious sides and wonderfully earthy wine suggested by the waiter.
3	This restaurant was my family's tradition in Denver until its recent demise.  We visited this location in Phoenix in October.  It was okay, but not spectacular.Its location was awkward.  That's the best way to put it.  It's in an office building, and the valet and self park is up a ramp that is challenge to walk up in stilettos.  I almost had an incident.  The layout was strange, too, and you have to quite literally go up the stairs, exit the restaurant, go into the office building hallway and walk to find the bathroom.  It was less than convenient, and I drink a lot of water.I've been to several Ruth's Chris locations, and this one was the least impressive I've been to, on all levels.  It's not that it was bad in any way, but it wasn't outstanding... and at least three different managers came by at different times to ask us how we were doing.  It became invasive to the enjoyment of our meal.The caesar is something I usually look forward to at this restaurant, but it disappointed me this time.  Steak was good, but it's hard not to enjoy something that is literally frying in a pan of butter and its own juices.  The desserts were extremely disappointing.  We all had maybe a bite, and set them aside.For the amount that you pay for a meal like this, you come to expect great things... nay, even excellence.  This fell a little flat, though it was definitely a cut above average dining.  I don't know that I'll go back to this particular location.
5	I've been here a couple of times and I recieved great service everytime. I give this five stars for a combination of things.  Food is great, the waiters are helpful yet not pushy like other places that come around so often you can't even enjoy your meal.  great place for dinner.  you might want to make a reservation depending on the night though.
1	Do NOT go to this restaurant if you can't use stairs. The dining room has about a dozen stairs (for everyone) and does NOT have an elevator or wheel chair lift. The restaurant manager wanted to send our group OUTSIDE, and re-enter the dining room via the back door. In addition, the restaurant staff has no training on ADA compliance.
3	Only because Ive been to Ruths Chris in DC.. and its the bomb.. I cant go higher than a 3 on this one.. they do things completely different.. and I didnt expect that.. and the steak wasnt impeccable.. and sorry, it should be. The location isnt grand.. and its easy to miss.. in my opinion.. Steaks are sent out still cooking on hot plates and the seemingly snippy bellboy tells you to cover your top so quickly that you dont really know what he truly said so you watch the others at the table who have deciphered bits and pieces of the quick statement.. and follow their lead.. at any rate.. my filet was good, not great. Marks was a bit over the medium scale of cooked.. the lyonnaise potatoes..good.. The salads, good.. My wine.. well, Mendocino Fog from my home.. great! It was Marks birthday, they got that right on.. so again, to compare to other steakhouses.. its not a 5. They didnt have the kobe steak as other Ruths Chris's do.. but our waiter, Larry was great.. and as I said so was the wine, as was the chocolate cake..
3	I come to Ruth's Chris about once or twice a year. I always order a ribeye steak, and my wife orders the filet.I love the simplicity of the steak: salt, pepper, butter, and heat. The meat is tender and juicy. However, the last couple of times I have been someone's steak hasn't been cooked quite to order. My ribeye on my last visit was cooked medium rare, instead of medium, and my wife's filet came med rare when she asked for med well. We complained about her filet, they recooked, didn't get it right again, then took it off the bill (much appreciated). My experience is that they tend to cook the meat one level below what you ask.We ordered salads, sweet potato casserole, and creamed spinach as sides. The blue cheese dressing is outstanding, especially if you enjoy chunks of blue cheese. The sweet potato casserole was sweeter than we like; it was more dessert and side dish. The creamed spinach was mildly flavored with cream and cheese; I enjoyed it.For dessert I received samplers of the chocolate mousse and carrot cake. The latter was my favorite; I've been craving it ever since. The mousse was a close second, and came in a chocolate cup that was just as fun to eat as the mousse.Unfortunately, I can't give RC more than 3 stars given the service I've received (very good, but not great, esp. for an expensive restaurant), and it's a steak place, so that steak should come out perfect. It's still my favorite steak restaurant, but if I went to high end steak restaurant's more often I might try to frequent some of the others, like Donovan's and Morton's.
2	I'll never visit a Ruth's Chris again!  Went here for a boyf bday then Morton's for the bro's bday, no no don't be silly not all in one night!  Everything about Morton's was better, the food, the service, the atmosphere, ESPECIALLY the atmosphere!  And, the price tag at Ruth's Chris, so not worth it!  Buy yourself some organic grass-fed beef and grill it yourself, I'm telling you, totally way better!!!
5	I've been to this location a number of times over the years and never fail to have a memorable experience.  I love Ruth's Chris and I'll keep coming back for the consistently mouth watering steaks, excellent service, and fantastic wine.
3	The good-+The bread and butter they give is DELICOUS.  The bread is super crusty on the outside and moist and warm on the inside.  The butter is whipped and salted.+The table was decorated for our anniversary with colorful heart confetti and we were brought a delicious complementary dessert of chocolate mousse in a chocolate cup and creme brulee.+The value of the complete meal- $39.95 for a 6oz filet and shrimp with soup or salad, one side dish and dessert.+The Lyonnaise potatoesThe bad (or okay really...)-*The parking situation- you either have to do the $3 valet parking or explain to the valet that you want to self park.*The service.  She was nice just not great.*The broccoli au grautin which came highly recommend by the waitress*The garlic mashed potatoesThe ugly--The hollandaise sauce that came with the asparagus was DISGUSTING, HORRIBLE, YUCKY, NASTY, GROSS stuff-The filet was ordered medium came out well done.  No pink anywhere on it.
3	Had a great time at Ruth's Chris a few weeks ago with friends and family. We first stopped by the bar for a cocktail before sitting down for dinner. The bar tender was very nice and took great care of our large group. My glass of Pino Noir was fabulous, thank you for the recommendation! The great service continued once we sat down for dinner. I am sure it had nothing to do with the fact that there were 10 of us and we were for sure going to rack up a hefty tab and they saw a huge tip out of us. ;-) They were great none the less. More wine all around the table! The appetizers were good, stuffed mushrooms, sauteed shrimp and something else, not super memorable, but all tasted good from what I remember. On to the steak!! I ordered the filet with blue cheese crumbles on top, very tasty. However, not the best steak I have ever had. I would order it again though. Everything around the table looked, smelled and tasted good, but same with my steak, I have had better elsewhere. Not sure how that Lobster was though... as the crazy girl with Anthony at the table wouldn't share...Psh! Beotch! lol @Georgeann G. I will say, dessert was the best and everyone's favorite part. Awesome Tony took note at all the women he had sitting at the table and made sure to order plenty.... two of everything he says. :-) The chocolate cake was amazing, the creme brule was perfection, but the cheese cake was my favorite! Yum! Ruth's is a great place for dinner, I could recommend a better steak in town, but you still really can't go wrong here! Enjoy!
4	Everything from the steak to even the water was tasty!
5	Another Arizona Restaurant week visit.This was our first time to Ruth's Chris...and I must say we thoroughly enjoyed our visit.The decor was a nice, dark wood appearance, which I always enjoy in a steak joint.  The server was by pretty quick after our seating to explain everything, came back in about just the right amount of time afterwards to actually take our order (about 5-7 minutes).  We got the AZ Restaurant Week 3 course deal.  $29 for it, was hard to beat.  First course: Wife got the Tomato and Crab soup, of which I got a taste, and it was excellent.  My caesar salad was quite good also (had shavings and pieces of real parmesan cheese).  2nd course:  We both got the petite filet, hers Medium, mine medium rare.  I got the garlic mashed she got the mushrooms.  She didn't think that the mushrooms were seasoned to be anything special (like good 'ol Jonah's back in IL).  But they were good from what she said.  The garlic mashed potatoes were tasty also.  The steak.  It comes out on a plate...sizzling in the butter they slathered on it.  Mine seemed a little more rare than medium rare..but it continued to cook on the plate...so it ended up being just right.  Cooked up even quicker if you slice it up and give it just a few moments.  I have no idea how they seasoned it...but we got nothing special on it.  Yet..it was SO VERY tasty.  It had an excellent flavor, was very tender.  It was steak happiness in every bite.  3rd course: We got the "Sin Cake."  It was a piece of chocolate cake.  It was more like a wedge of awesome fudge that was encased in delicious chocolate syrup.  Yes..it was a little rich...but wow...it was so darn tasty.  It was a great dinner.  The only nit I would say I had was we didn't see where it said to park until we passed by the place and had to run around the block.  Not a show stopper though (parking is off of 22nd St. right by Camelback if you've never been, as we had not been).  Also it would be nice if they put out a sign that the deck is free parking for the restaurant in the evening instead of having the valet have to tell everyone would be helpful.  While it made the whole experience of getting there a slight adventure..it was still well worth it, and a great evening had by all.
5	We make it a tradition to come here whenever family is in town. So I've probably been here atleast 10 times.Love their steak with buttered plates. We've had it before where the streak wasnt cooked to our satisfaction. But after being there so many times I know how to order it. Sweet potato casserole is excellent. Cesar salad is the best I've ever had. On this occasion the wait staff was very friendly, but I've had it before where they are like buzzing bees. I usually like to have tea after dinner which is always nice. The atmosphere is good. It is nicer to sit in the main dining area near the windows instead of the side room.Also people if you are going to spend hundred dollars on dinner, don't cheap out on a babysitter. Nobody wants to listen to your whinnying little brat kids who can't sit still. Ruth Chris should have an age requirement!I've been to Mortons twice. Once in Chicago and once in Phoenix and both times it wasn't as good as Ruth Chris.
5	Been going here for a while when family comes into town, so far its the best steak I have had and the sweet potato casserole is to die for.
3	Been to Ruth's Chris many many times and this visit was really a disappointment. Our server just wasn't on the ball at all. We still had appetizer and salad plates on the table when the crew brought out our dinners. Additionally, our drinks were empty much of the time. The side dishes were lukewarm at best and the vegetarian "choice" is to pick 3 side dishes? Really? That Grilled Portabello mushroom was amazing--even for those who aren't vegetarian and just want to try something a little different.When I am paying what you pay for a steak at Ruth's Chris, I have high expectations. This visit fell far short. Hopefully this isn't a sign of things to come with Ruth's Chris. :(
5	i have been to city hall steak house, blt steakhouse, and houstons just to name a few and this place by far has the best prepared cowboy ribeye steak.
4	The steaks are generally excellent, although on this last visit the cut of meat in my filet was questionable - it tasted more like liver. The sides were good - I enjoyed the crisp steamed string beans.  The service is absolutely perfect. I had a reservation, and after I arrived, everyone who came to my table used my name.  The location is odd - in an office building with no real pedestrian access. It's so close to the Biltmore area, it seems like that would have been a better location. The decor is professional and befitting the class of restautant.
5	Phenomenal! I had the occasion to go last night and although I have been going here for over 10 years, this is the first time I thought to write a yelp review for them.The food is absolutely worth every penny and the side dishes were perfection as well.  I seem to always order more sides than needed but I still managed to eat everything.
5	So who wouldn't love a yummy piece of beef swimming in melted butter on a 500 degree plate?C'mon it is so flippin delicious I don't know what to do with myself!!!!  My fav is the filet, med or med-rare...depending on my mood. My bf likes- no scratch that - LOVES the cowboy rib-eye! He is your typical, hard to please Texan when it comes to beef and admitted it is "the best steak he has even had." So there you have it. Top grade meat and over-priced wine and you have a winner.Give the creme brulee a try. I, myself am not a huge fan of creme brulee but Ruth's Chris makes one to crave.
5	The FIRST TIME I've ever eaten a steak without ketchup!  No, seriously.  My family has teased me for years, but I like the taste of steak with ketchup, always have.  Didn't need it here!Celebrated Father's Day a little early with dear hubby. Reservation for 6:00 PM, we were greeted BY NAME by each person who served us. Having never been here before, really didn't know what to expect, but our server was killer polite and helped us understand the steak prep a little better. I had the harvest salad (the best salad I've ever had, no lie, and it was HUGE!) and DH had the caesar.  He said it was very good. We ordered wine, which complimented the meal spectacularly.  We each had the filet with shrimp combo, and DH had the blue cheese crumble topping on his. I think I died and went to steak heaven!  The topping was crunchy, creamy, and just delicious.  Like I said before, no ketchup anywhere on my plate.  I have never tasted a steak so delicious, so tender, so awesomely cooked with awesomeness.  We also had creamed spinach (meh), garlic green beans (these were delish) and a crab cake (again, delish!).All in all, a terrific dinner.  Well over $200, but a terrific dinner nonetheless.  Already planning a return trip for 10th wedding anniversary.  Can you say, "GIFT CARDS!?!!"
5	Well, this is indeed a 5-star restaurant in every manner.  5-star Quality, 5-star Service, 5-star ambiance....and, unfortunately 5-star prices.  Everything is A la carte, but the portions are huge.  Don't feel embarrassed about splitting a side - they won't look at you with disapproval.You don't always get what you pay for, but at Ruth's - you do.  I would contrast it with Morton's where I had to pay $150 (for two) and had the second worst experience of my life (see Michelangelo's-Tucson for worst).I've dined in several Ruth's and all three were extremely consistent.  I'd like to tell you what the menu has to offer, but I don't have much of a clue, because...IT'S ALL ABOUT THAT FILET BABY !!   (med-rare please)Hands down the best filet I've ever had.  They sear those things at extremely high temperatures in what has got to be an entire stick of butter.  Add salt and pepper and that's all she wrote.  You don't really need a knife for it - yep...it's that tender.  Pay attention to your servant regarding plate temps.  These things come to you IMMEDIATELY after being placed on a plate taken from a small furnace.  You WILL get burned if you attempt to touch the plate early on.  Aside from the fun sizzle factor, it keeps that gorgeous hunk of beef warm till the last tasty bite.I do get the lettuce wedge on the side.  Picture an entire half of a nicely pruned AAAAA head of iceberg lettuce covered in bacon/bleu cheese crumbles.  Cover this in a side of bleu cheese dressing (what else?)...and you'll have the picture.  If it were any crispier, it would shatter.  As opposed to the filet, you will need both knife and fork to cut this; I defy you to find any blemishes in it.I discovered creme-brulee at a Ruths.  We had some Cabernet left and were feeling like some sugar might be a nice accent.  Geez, I don't think they do much of anything mediocre.  I've never had a finer Creme...and I've been trying hard.You will NOT be disappointed at Ruth's - but don't forget your wallet.
4	So good
3	I know I will upset some fellow Yelp friends with this review, but the Ruth Chris on Camelback was a big disappointment for me. I went with a friend who is a huge fan of Ruth Chris, but I was let down with this location. Atmosphere: This location makes a better Chili's location than Ruth Chris. The setup is very awkward and to have to leave the restaurant to go to the bathroom in the lobby (which by the way looked like my high school restroom) is not very high end. I have seen single $ restaurants with a better atmosphere.Food: The steak quality was very good, but I have had many more filets elsewhere (Gibson's Chicago) that have given me much more flavor. My filet was served in a pool of butter. I guess I am more of a fan of a well seasoned steak than a steak soaked in butter. The sides are very average and once again there are steak places in PHX that offer a much more exciting sides menu.Service: This is the only thing that was worthy of mentioning. Devin at the bar served us and he was 5 stars plus. Great service! He also gets huge kudos for his Martinis. He knows how to poor them! Devin saved Ruth Chris from getting 2 stars!
5	We were in town on business and went to Ruth's Chris on Camelback.Ruth's Chris has a gluten free menu and their service is top notch.  The food was out of this world. Everything from the steaks (melts in your mouth) to the sides and the salads and the desserts. Fantastic! These chefs did not miss a beat and neither did the servers. I recommend ordering from the Ruth's classics on the menu. One set price and comes with salad, entree (I had filet and shrimp) sides and dessert. (several gluten free dessert options that were delicious!)What a wonderful culinary experience!!
3	We have always been fans of Morton's and Ruths Chirs. Tonight we found out that Mortons on Camelback is closed. Decided on Ruths Chirs as we have been there many times. Such disappointment, the bartender was rude and the shoestring fries were limp and greasy although the steak was really delicious. I am not a naysayer but even the people next to us at the bar commented on the bartenders bad attitude. So sorry but would have rather hung out at Mortons with the ever welcoming bartenders!!!! Come one R.C. lighten up and enjoy!
4	I love Ruth Chris' and I would've given this 5 stars but server Lawrence had a pissy demeanor. For me to have to ask if we can order drinks and scrape the table of crumbs is unacceptable for Ruth Chris. Luckily my Strip was the bomb. Management please talk to Lawrence and don't make the assumption 3 guys in their 20's don't deserve to be treated poorly.
3	I came here because Morton's was closed during a weekday. I had always wanted to stop in because I had heard good things. Was not impressed, the only thing that help me manage to finish my food was the 4 glasses of Johnny Walker Blue I had. Weird layout for what should be a fancy place.
5	Service is excellent. Best Steak in town. It is an expensive splurge, but worth it.
4	I love that the hot food is on hot plates and salad is on chilled plates.  The salad is very good - good dressing, nice bite size pieces of lettuce, crouton, tomatos, etc.  Their sides are solidly done and their service is superb.  I thought them a bit stuffy before, but upon revisiting - I think I am a fan of their consistent and excellent performance that overrides the annoyance of being forced to valet.
3	Salad was very stringy, fibery, and didn't have much in the way of fresh, crispy flavor. The golden champagne vinaigrette was bland and light, didn't add much to the salad.Steak was actually pretty good. A giant ol' ribeye. It was drowning in butter so it was crazy flavorful and very filling. I usually prefer my steaks well-seasoned as opposed to sitting in a puddle of butter though. But there's no denying its deliciousness. Plus, they cooked it medium rare as I requested so that provided the steak with a great burst of flavor too!The side of sweet potato casserole tasted much like dessert rather than a complimentary side, much like creme brulee. Shame. It would've made for a great dessert but it didn't match the steak well at all. We ended up requesting additional sides of mashed potatoes for our steak. The mashed potatoes were decent. A good starchy contrast to the steak.Chocolate sin cake was simplistic and dichromatic with straight-up fudge chocolate foundation and raspberry sauce. Tasted like a costco cake, really. A while Ruth's Chris certainly isn't known for desserts, I expect better from a high-end steakhouse.
2	Took my wife to Ruth Chris's Steakhouse for our Anniversary. I had heard so many good things about this steakhouse, that I couldn't wait to try the food. I knew it was going to be expensive as it was a 4 star restaurant. Also when we got there at 4:30pm on a Sunday, it was pretty much empty. Only one other couple was there. We were seated quickly. We ordered some water and glass of champagne to toast each other. We ordered steak of course, with garlic potatoes and some veggies. The potatoes were good, but the steak was just average at best. It wasn't juicy enough or moist. It didn't melt in my mouth either like Texas Roadhouse's steaks. The veggies were average. Nothing special. We did get dessert which was delicious, but the experience wasn't the greatest. The waiter was pretty quiet. He did explain the wine & champagne menu. Also cleaned food off the table, etc.. Still, I had a better experience at Carraba's in Scottsdale where I purposed to my wife. The meal was over $100, which really wasn't worth it. I got a better meal for 4 people at Texas Roadhouse for about the same price. The steaks, sweet potatoes, and veggies were better. I won't be going back to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse anytime soon unless I get a $50 gift card or coupon. Unless you're filthy rich and don't care much about the quality of food, don't even waste you money. There are much better Steakhouses in the valley.
5	$7 Reverse Happy Hour, yes, please!  Awesome drinks and a great value for your money!!
4	Been here a couple times, mainly for birthday celebrations. We usually show up PHX casual (shorts) and nobody seems to care. Nice, not really stuffy atmosphere. The service is quite good, can be a little hit and miss, depending on the waiter. Some seem a bit more professional and knowledgeable. Overall, they know their stuff. The steaks are excellent. Love the new orleans shrimp. The cheese cake is very good.  It is pricey but we always leave stuffed. For a once or twice a year treat, go for it.
4	I have been going to this place for the last 10 years and they still manage to hit it out of the park! The filet is awesome and so is the saute spinach and potatoes! I love everything about this place from the atmosphere to the food! Keep up the good work!
5	My husband took me to Chris Ruth for our anniversary . It was the first time  i'd ever been there. He did make a resv and told them it was our anniversary , they had rose petals on the table. Nice touch. We aren't drinkers so we only had bottled water ( 2 large) and lemonade. My hubby had stuffed chicken breast, mashed pot and a tomato soup as a starter. I had a steak with aug potatoes. We also had shrimp cocktail.Biggest shrimp I've ever seen :)    ( 1 to share). We had a little dessert to share, the plate said Happy anniversary  in chocolate, nice touch. With tip our bill was $208.  The food tasted great. It was fun to go once and have that romantic dinner. But Texas roashouse steak tastes better, just saying...LOL We could have ate there 4 times for steak dinners for $208. But it still would NEVER had been as special as eating at Ruth Chris. Would we go again, knowing what it cost? Maybe for our next anniversary . Ps, $32 of our bill was the water and lemonade- so if you want the experience but need to cut cost- there you go:)
2	The problem is that the atmosphere is subpar, and the drinks are literally half full. Don't believe me order a 50/50 vesper, it's 50% full. I will not return.
5	They recently brought back their bone-in Filet..... Wow exquisite cut!! Also really happy about their Crab legs!
5	so far this is the only place i've come back to get a steak in town. I have yet to find a place in town that has a steak as tender as ruth chris's. list of places i've gone to recently for comparisonmastro's city hallBLT capital grilldel frisco'shillstonehouston's STK (very close second best steak could be better but i need to go back :) )gallahers (vegas)
5	First, we asked for quiet table - so we could talk to each other - and they delivered. For that - I am grateful as it made the dinner (five of us) so much better. We enjoyed the conversation! Second, the food was perfect. Third, the service was perfect. I'm a huge fan of this location.
5	I'm partial to steak and Ruth's Chris is the epitome of awesome beefy goodness. Came here for my anniversary with my wife and had an excellent time. The waiter was extremely knowledgeable and surprised me and my wife with a special anniversary dessert and took a photo of the two of us. By the way, the steak was amazing, perfectly cooked, and butter soft. This is one of my favorite steakhouses in all of the land!
3	My filet was overcooked and it's annoying when a restaurant serves your appetizers when they haven't asked to take your order and expect you to eat with menus in your way. Vodka martinis were tasty."
5	We love this restaurant, and come here for every Valentine's day and our anniversary. The steaks are amazing, melt-in-your-mouth and delicious! But most of all we come here for the service; I don't think we've ever had mediocre or bad service at this location. I just learned that they're closing this one because the stupid building owners won't renew their lease, lame! We are so so sad, but hope to see some of our favorite servers at the other location (shout out to Ken and Shay!) :)
2	Not at all happy!
