2	Probably won't go back. The teen worker was not helpful. Is there a rule against them touching your cups. She would not touch it. She just kept bossing us around. Move that cup on, move that off etc...Did she not pass her food handlers test?  Also why is she not allowed to change channels on the TV. Really!  We couldn't believe it. Was she just lazy?  No one else was there. Or is she being given directions? Either way. The experience overshadowed the yogurt. That shouldn't happen.
1	I took my 12 year old niece there - the yogurt and toppings were fine, but the help was distracted (apparently something more interesting going on outside) and there was horribly offensive rap music blaring (one f-bomb after another).  Similar to the other reviewer I try to support local businesses and badly want that corner to revitalize - but i'll certainly be driving to Tatum and Shea in the future.
3	So so yogurt and with one on every corner you really have to make yourself stand out. I thought the kid behind the counter was friendly and helpful. The toppings and yogurt selections are once again so so. Does anyone else find it odd this business is categorized under Ethiopian food?
1	I've been to yogurt mart two times now.  Initially I was excited to a yogurt place walking distance from my friend's home, who I visit frequently.  The first time it was passible, the person ringing us out was nice. The place looked clean, but it was missing a sparkly new feeling that I can't quite describe. The yogurt was not original or memorable, but it was good enough that going to another place was not worth the gas.The second time we went there (last night), it was about 45 minutes to closing time.  The pistachio was completely liquid, the chocolate, cappuccino, and red velvet came out looking thin and gloopy (like diarrhea). I ended up starting a new cup three times, chose a sorbet flavor that wasn't my first, second, or third choice.  The friend I was with noticed less topping available than there were last time.  I didn't even feel like yogurt anymore when we paid.  Again, the guy ringing us out was nice... but that wasn't quite enough.The place needs a facelift, a new name (really? Yogurt Mart?), and more time and quality control needs to be put into the yogurt selection.  Yuck!
2	Sorry, but the ownership just didn't get it right. I love froyo, and thought that it was great that they were bringing one into the neighborhood. I've been there three times and they've never had a good variety of flavors. There are so few toppings from which to choose and the yogurt is pretty bargain basement food service quality. I'll drive a few miles to get serve-yourself yogurt from now on.
4	This place is great.  I discovered it last weekend while I was trying to find a new place to have yogurt.  You must try the Red Velvet and Peanut Butter yogurt.  They are both a must.
