5	This place is so nice. There is alot to cover so be prepared to stay a while. There is so much to look at I didn't even get to finish looking only because husband an kids were tired. If it was up to me I would have finished the whole antique mall. I cant wait to make another trip out there.
4	Welcome to the funkiest place in Goodyear. If you've been craving sheet-metal winged pigs but regretting that Cave Creek is practically a day trip from the west valley, you may feel tempted to lie on the floor and weep tears of joy.This Armadillo provides fine circuit training for working off breakfast at the Black Bear Diner, including a loft with moderately steep stairs. Like its cousin up toward Metro Center, it's an "antique mall" in the sense of focusing mostly on vintage items and less uncommon antiques, plus a smattering of "collectibles." This is the kind of antique mall I prefer, since it really functions as a sort of fantasy department store for shoppers who have a middle-of-the-road budget but whimsical or retro tastes.Like the other Armadillo, stock here runs somewhat more to the frilly and ornate than to the mid-century modern, but it's not a total lock-out of swellness in favor of sweetness. Unlike the other one, there's a larger variety of dealers who aren't typical antique-mall fare: things like reproduction hardware, the aforementioned sheet-metal winged-pigs, repro tin signs, garden ornaments made from vintage dishes. This isn't my cuppa, but in context, it provides useful variety, and it fills booths (there are more empty booths here, but it's still fairly new).A number of dealers seem to actually be replicated here, including the scrapbook store. Also replicated is the cheery professionalism of the operation: clean restrooms, occasional seating areas, efficient check-out, and available snacks. When you're hiking a layout this big, these things come to matter.
5	I'm a big fan of the Brass Armadillo up on I-17 and for a long time I've wanted to check out this newer Brass Armadillo.  I wasn't disappointed.  It is just as big as the other Brass Armadillo and has about the same amount of merchandise ranging in price from extremely reasonable to "Ha, Ha, are they nuts?"  They have numerous booths with treasures ranging from antique toys, vinyl records, house wares, furniture, vintage clothing, and so forth.  I saw a few things I really liked, and if I had a bigger budget I would've bought them, but being on a financial diet I placated my primal urge to spend money and just bought a $5 set of pin up doll playing cards for my husband.   (Lucky dude.)I will say that my general impression between the two stores is that the older Brass Armadillo on I-17 has a healthier inventory of antique furniture, but aside from that, the two are practically indistinguishable, so unless you are looking for furniture, if you live closer to this one then save yourself the drive to the other one.  PS:  Can I just add that the vendors who are selling couches and chairs who have a 'Do Not Sit' sign on the chair/couch need to rethink that since there is NFW that most people would by a chair or a couch that they couldn't at least sit on and test out in the store.  I mean seriously, either you are selling a functional (albeit antique) chair, OR you are selling a piece of broken furniture with collapsed springs, and you just don't want anyone to find out until after they've paid for it.  Which is it?
2	Declaimer:  I'm over 50.  I expect antique stores to have stuff older than I grubbed up for my first apartment.  But I've never thought Beany Babies and VCR tapes qualified as antique anything.Nor do mugs from the 1996 Olympics, Harry Potter stuff, paperback books still in the grocery store or Princess House glassware qualify.There are a goodly handful of dealers that have merchandise in the glass cases that is very nice.  But one must sort through a lot reproductions and very recent stuff to get to it.Prices are all over the place, as one reviewer previously mentioned.  If I had found even one thing in the wide range of stuff we collect that had been a keeper, I'd have been much more upbeat, I'm sure.  But seriously, there's a lot of crud to sort through to find anything awesome.Maybe it's all the square footage that they need to fill.  It was just very disappointing.  Bummer.
3	The place is jam packed with stuff I do not need, but fun to look over.
4	I have to say I am impressed.   I wasn't sure what to expect from an antique mall and my girlfriend wanted to come check this place out.  This place has everything.  You could easily get lost for hours looking at all the random items available.  The place is very clean and relatively easy to navigate.  I will definitely be back again (which is sure to make the girlfriend happy, lol).  If you are in the area, I definitely recommend stopping in and checking it out, even if it is only for a quick peek.
4	Great place to kill 4-5 hours. You'll likely find all your childhood memories as well as most of the things you once threw out but now want back...a few fluffy booths and some over priced stuff with the occasional professional flea market booth thrown in.Worth a stop to find a unique decoration or to replace a broken item.
5	My wife got me some really cool things for my birthday from here. Most of the prices are very reasonable, especially the booths in the back. Now the prices up front for the most part are way over priced but if you spend the time looking you can find a lot of great deals
5	Was over in the melrose district the other day seen similar things and the prices were more than double than here
4	Hours of fun for the antiquing enthusiast. I personally can't do the top floor, just too dang high. If they walled it up, maybe. But the lower level is packed and inventory changes at least quarterly. New things to see each visit. Friendly and helpful staff. Even on the floor, they are their, taking things up front you would like to purchase. So you can keep shopping.
5	Love this place..always new things to see. Can spend hours here...always bring just a little bit of cash, or else I'll spend alot of money here
4	Great place to be, if you have a few hours and some cash spend. Prices are reasonable and you can always make an offer on an item if you think it is too expensive.
3	This is a strange shopping experience.  It's mostly an indoor swap meet.  People obviously rent a booth but there is no one there to answer any questions you may have.  We bought stuff but I wouldn't race back.
