4	No reviews?  Oh, my.  Well it is a chain, but it's a good chain.  It has saved our taste buds more than once from the likes of Chili's and Applebee's.  We love to eat here for a late lunch, when there isn't the hundreds of people waiting in line.  I could eat most any of the appetizers (except the fried macaroni -- too weird), but love the corn cakes.  I'm a Chicken Romano kind of girl and my husband varies from the Steak Diane to the Shepard's Pie to lots of other things.  I am so glad that they now have "lunch" portions.  They are still too big for me to finish, but at least I'm not leaving an entire cow on my plate.  We always wonder why they can have such a huge menu and still make most dishes taste terrific when other restaurants can barely make one thing well.  The only thing we avoid is the cheesecake.  I've never liked cheesecake and my husband can take it or leave it.  And after their huge portions, he generally leaves it.Oh, and did I mention the bar?  Great drinks.  I LOVE the smoothies.  The decor is interesting in a Vegas kind of way.  We come here a lot!
4	Yep it's a Cheesecake Factory alright. Giant portions, decent food, standard upper-middle tier chain type prices. Expect to have enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Nothing is out of the ordinary for this this Cheesecake Factory. The wait staff is friendly, the building is huge and they have a lot of outdoor seating. It was very nice and a mildly breezy spring evening. They have advertisements in the menu as if it were a magazine. I'm not offended by it, I just thought it was odd.http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/The.Cheesecake.Factory.702-207-6372
3	It is what it is.  I like the patio at this location.  We go every so often when we don't know what we want because the menu is huge & has something for everyone.  The waitstaff is fine.  Some are stars, some not so much.  I never leave saying wow that was great, but it fills the void in my stomach in a manufactured, corporate kind of way...
4	I ate too much.  But then again, that's why I love this place.  I've now been to about 6 different locations, and by far the service here is the best.  My food was fully cooked (which isn't always the case at other locations), we only waited 15 minutes (unheard of!), and the waitress was friendly and attentive.  As the Cheesecake Factory goes, you can't ask for anything more!
4	Before heading back home after our softball tournament in Las Vegas, we decided to come this Cheesecake Factory in Henderson. Wow, Henderson or the Green Valley Ranch area is pretty nice, lots of great stores and restaurants. Getting side-tracked momentarily, so we headed inside the restaurant and it is quite a nice place. Almost has that Las Vegas feel to it!This Cheesecake factory tasted like any other Cheesecake factory - Good Food. Pretty much anything that you order from the menu is gonna be quite delicious. I usually go with my favorite - the Lemon Herb roasted Chicken - simply amazing and a must.Although there desserts they specialize in Cheesecake (which is great by all means), but try there chocolate cake which isnt too shabby at all!If around the area again, definitely would stop by this place again!
4	My favorite aspect of the Cheesecake Factory is its dependability and consistency.  The menu is large and incredibly diverse, yet everything I have there is always good to great.  We're not talking gourmet excellence by any stretch, but for the price point I always enjoy myself there.I'm also a huge fan of their curbside to go system, where you call in your order and they deliver it to your car.  Very convenient and I believe it was the first restaurant to provide the service (at least it was the first that I noticed).Oh yeah, and the cheesecakes are pretty damn good, too.  You have to love the variety offered.
4	I love Cheesecake Factory period but The District location is my ultimate fave in Vegas.
5	OMG I am in food coma still!  The service is great, the food wonderful and the dessert to die for!
4	Cheesecake factory is a great consistant chain. From Summerlin to Ceasars to Henderson this chain delivers on a diverse menu with great flavor and a very upscale setting for a very pratical price.
2	for some reason, i really do not like this place.my sister loves it, but in my opinion, it's reallyoverrated.the food isn't even that good. the hype tricks your mind.
2	I can see how this would be a very popular restaurant - nice bar, large menu with lots of options and good cheesecake.My experience has been that the cheesecake here is good for dessert.  Fresh, well made, lots of options and flavors, etc....Bar is good too with good beer and drink options (Fat Tire on tap is always a plus).Overall design of the restaurant is pleasant, albeit a bit loud due to very high ceilings.I just always find the menu, which is very large and varied in options and cuisine types, to be very middle of the road for the actual food.  Maybe because this restaurant tries to offer something for everybody - in my opinon, it results in lighty seasoned food (in large portions, in my opinion, that is not objectionable to anyone but just not that interesting.I did want to really like this restaurant (not typically a huge chain fan, but really like The District and all it offers), but based on my few visits here, I would have a drink or dessert here, but find the main meal options lacking.
4	Some people go here just for the dessert and I cant blame them.ADAMS PEANUT BUTTER CUP FUDGE RIPPLE was honestly a harmonious blend of peanut butter and chocolate. Neither too strong or too soft, just good. That's what we ate the next day. At home.Because I couldn't bring myself to even attempt the cheesecake, after the buffet we had at the restaurant.  We went unannounced on Valentine's night. The wait was an hour which was understandable. AVOCADO EGG ROLLS and FRIED MACARONI & CHEESE.  Sound like a lot? No, me either, but I couldn't finish my meal. So I guess it was. We really underestimated those appetizers, because I'm dumb. And honestly that could've been our meal.And I don't why but I keep trying to find a suitable mac and cheese, but I guess I just like it simple. Because anything too fancy just doesn't do it. For me.CAJUN PASTA JAMBALAYA  was the dish across, and the SHRIMP SCAMPI & SALMON was the dish in front. Of me that is.  I know what shrimp and salmon taste like, but That salmon was perfect. Enough for me to mention it again here, I was just pleasantly surprised. Even with how full I was, I dominated that thing. Like a duck. (No chewing)If you've never been, then you should, at least once. It's one of those places that you wish you could call it you're favorite restaurant (because of the decor, the ambiance, the food) but then you see the people you're eating around with, because you decided not to get a booth. And sad face. But it stills bare mention though, it's just not a place you want to go all the time. Just once in awhile.
4	Hands down my favorite place! My only complaints are that they over use mushrooms and it is a little pricey!The Cajun Chicken Littles are off the hook and the cheesecake is awesome!Love it!
4	I love cheesecake factory and grand lux cafes, so I knew coming in that this was a good choice... we did have a minor hickup with table seating... we were sat next to the POS machine and for the first 1/3 of our meal we got to hear all the personal conversations and happenings of the servers.....    i politely requested to be moved and the manager(didnt get his name) was so fast and efficient in moving us....   his efforts were appreciated...  our server was wonderful!   I would definitely return and feel safe recommending to other yelpers  :)
4	First things first-Host team, thumbs up! Very welcoming & sweet. I like it when the hosts address me, instead of me having to get their attention. Michael H. was an awesome server, he was very helpful & attentive. It took us a few minutes to figure out what we wanted- & he was very patient. Not to mention, he kept our glasses filled with water the entire meal...which is quite a feat, considering we drink like fish. Shrimp Scampi Crostini- excellent, very rich in flavor & THICK for a "small plate". White Bean Hummus- very refreshing, I think I might even prefer it prepared with white beans as opposed to chickpeas. The red velvet cheesecake was TO DIE FOR. My goodness! My boyfriend isn't even a fan of red velvet, & he said it was the best cheesecake he's ever had. Great experience, all around!!!
5	Had dinner here last night with a friend and the thing I love about this chain is that it's CONSISTENTLY good. From Los Angeles to Las Vegas, I have eaten my way across state borders via Cheesecake Factories.First thing is that this place doesn't take reservations but a table for 2-4 people averages at 15 to 20 minutes of wait time. That's reasonable on a Saturday night, most restaurants are terrible with wait times.Ordered the Four Cheese Pasta with Chicken and the Red Velvet Cheescake for dessert. Two words: REALLY GOOD. The portions are huge and really you can split it between two people. I had a ton of leftovers for later.Service was fast and good, the inside of the restaurant is classy and nice, no complaints. Will be back.
5	July 30th is National Cheesecake Day. What better way to celebrate this surely made-up holiday then by meeting some friends at The Cheesecake Factory? That is exactly what I did this past Friday.My group was made up of a coworker, his wife, their 2 year old son, and another coworker. Two of us arrived first, we decided to start out in the bar area because it was happy hour. $5 drinks! Despite the crowd, we were seated within about 10 minutes from arrival. Our server, Paul, greeted us with an "Aloha!" and brought out waters and some bread for us to munch on while we waited for the rest of our group. Once the rest of our group arrived, Paul came back over to see if we had any questions. A member of our group asked him for his personal suggestions and he rattled off his favorites for all parts of the menu, from salads to pasta to fish dishes.  Anyone that has been to The Cheesecake Factory knows that the menu is like a short novel, I was impressed with how knowledgeable Paul was about everything on the menu. Since some of us were hungry and others were more interested in drinks and desert (namely, me!), we ended up splitting a few appetizers between the group, and then two people ordered entrees as well. First appetizer choice was avocado egg rolls. This is my must-order item at Cheesecake Factory, nothing compares to their avocado egg rolls. We also had the crab cakes and the sweet corn tamale cakes. They were all excellent. Finally it was desert time. Since it was National Cheesecake Day, all slices were half price. Bonus! I ordered my usual, a slice of the lemon raspberry cream cheesecake. It is unbelievable, the tartness of the lemon and raspberry are the perfect compliment to the sweet creaminess of the cheesecake.Paul ended up being the icing on the cake, the reason a 4 star review became a 5 star one. He was an exceptional server, he always seemed to know when to come check on us, and when to leave us alone. A member of our group was so pleased with the service he waited after paying the bill to speak to the manager and let him know just how happy he was to have had Paul serve us. Will I be back? Yes, and I won't be waiting til National Cheesecake Day to go!
5	I work.around the corner from here so when I get off every so often I stop by for lunch. I just ate here again yesterday. I love all their food! Make sure to try the mahi mahi! Its the bomb!
4	All the reviews on the food are pretty accurate. You know it, it is a chain and has all the normal stuff that taste, well, like most other places.Something exciting about this place is that it is a really cool place to get desserts for your friends and entertainment. Not just cheesecakes. I haven't bought a cheesecake yet. I am talking about LInda's Fudge Cake, the Tiramisu, the Black Out Cake. These are huge cakes, and very, very good. You just need a full day to let them thaw out as they keep them in the freezer.Very good, very decadent, and very fun to share.  Try it.
3	Overdone and half baked concept food fare fosters a large belly with a check of equal size for what is now average food at a big box food factory. Far too dark at night - Just get dessert and head for the hills.
2	The chain is great.   Cheesecake factory has a HUGE menu and prides itself on creating an amazing environment full of space. This location (Green Valley) is really hit-or-miss from a service perspective.   If you are looking for something to eat around this area take the safe bet and go to Elephant Bar or PF Changs.   I have had servers at this location be real rockstars and then I have had folks who realllllllly seemed like they hated to be at work.   When you are spending almost $100 on a meal for you family you expect at least marginal service.
3	I know this place is a chain, but I like it. It's a good go-to place for get-togethers. The menu is extensive and the portions are huge, so everyone can find something they like and leave full.First off, I love the bread. I can make a meal out of that bread and butter any day of the week. And the cheesecake. How can you deny a slice of heaven? My latest fave is the red velvet cheesecake. I'm not a huge red velvet fan, but when you layer it with cheesecake and top it with cream cheese icing? Aweeesumm.Other notable menu items: deep fried macaroni and cheese and the Chicken Madeira.
5	Well... Here I sit on complete bedrest ... so I was unable to go OUT and sample the cuisine at the Cheesecake Factory.  However being unable to stand or walk has it's advantages, which means when the parents dine out... they bring you home presents. YAY ME! So I my to go order from The Cheesecake factory is what I am basing my review on ..Chicken Piccata with Angel Hair pasta- was divine really a perfect combination of buttery and lemony flavors.. topped off with angel hair pasta. for dessert...Dulce de Leche Caramel Cheesecake... excuse my inadvertant "OHHH" face ... so delicious. This absolutely made me being stuck at home in a chair or in bed ...just fine. In fact it made it bearable. an extremely tasty meal that was cooked to perfection and a cheesecake that was unbelievably.... heavenly. Thanks Cheescake factory for taking some of the sting from me being homebound ...
4	great for a midweek brunch treat. Nice location. did not appreciate that my waitress DID NOT tell me that cranberry is not part of the kids' meals options and costs an extra 3.00 a glass.
4	Get yourself a Peach Bellini while waiting for the avacado eggrolls, so good!
4	I have been going to this location for the last several years and have yet to be let down with any of my trips here. When family or friends come to town and are not sure what they are in the mood for i bring them here. They have such a diverse menu and there is always something from everone. here are a few of my favorites.-Grilled Mahi taco which i order %95 of the time-Calamari as an App. always good and love the dipping sauce-Chicken Costeletta- lighly breaded served with mash potatos and asparagus-I have tried or sampled most of the pasta dishes my wife has ordered and haven't had a complaint about one yet.-Corn fritters are delicious-Cheese cake of coarse. I like most that i have tried but didn't like the red velvet one. too much icing overwhelmed what little cake was there, just not a good balance- I always have a mojito or two or three...Can't wait to go back, this location is always busy so plan for that in advance
3	I go here for one thing. The Shrimp Scampi. I've loved it for years. It always stays the same. It's a plate of lovely angel hair pasta, that's garlicy, lemony, basily goodness. And the shrimp is huge. Some people don't like it but I love it- it's comfort food to me.Other than the Shrimp Scampi I don't think I'd go to Cheesecake Factory. That's the reason for the three stars. It is mass chain, so nothing is really special about it.
3	I love the cheesecakes here - my favorite is the Dulce de Leche!! The food is okay. I just wish there were more vegetarian options, so I can join my friends when they eat here.
4	Holy Hell, is that a menu or a novel, no matter how many times I go to the cheesecake factory every time they set down the bible of all menus on my table I start feeling like I should have shown up earlier to study my choices and then I end up ordering the same thing anyways. The overall feel of this place is great, yes it is a chain and yes they all look the same but one difference with this place in comparison to other chains is that they are always spot on with the food. The other thing about this place is that it is obviously named due to it's insane cheesecake options but i never have room for cheesecake when we are done eating here due to the amount of food you are given when you order a normal size meal. On this specific trip the food was fast, delicious and more than enough, i think for the time being this is our location of choice if we are going to be hitting the cheesecake factory.
5	to name a few of my faves: avocado spring rolls, pasta da vinci with sundried tomatoes, chicken bellagio, pasta carbonara, bbq ranch chicken salad, original cheesecake.
4	I've been to many Cheesecake Factories around the country and I was just as happy with my experience here.  We had a large party and were fed relatively quickly.  I do wish the wait staff would have cleaned our table more regularly and given us a bit more time between the appetizer and the mail course.  The pan fried Salmon and pasta was delicious, maybe the best restaurant cooked Salmon I've ever had.
5	Very delicious and big portions and great cheesecake and the service is fantastic and it's a beautiful restaurant and very lively
5	Moving Review from old Account] The Cheesecake FactoryCategories:American (Traditional),Desserts5/29/2011This place was incredible. Met by a friendly staff, quick, polite. Place was beautifully decorated and was playing awesome music. Our waitress was awesome. Very funny and on top of everything. We had the avocado rolls, it comes with a sweet and sour kind of sauce, was really good. Also the Shepard's pie ( to die for, srsly), and the fettuccine Alfredo. This location is the best cheesecake factory experience I had at one of those. If you are in LV i would recommend dropping by.
5	Every time I visit The Cheesecake Factory, I never have a bad experience!  The service is always good, the food is ALWAYS awesome, and the general atmosphere is nice.The one bad experience I had here was ordering the filet mignon.  I am not a rare kind of person and it kept coming out pink even when I told them they could butterfly it.  It took three times but they FINALLY got it right and the manager even came out and apologized profusely.  You know, things like this happen at restaurants.  While I wasn't excited about it, I took it in stride because it was a very busy Saturday night and every other time I have been here (~dozen) has been great.What to order: Grilled salmon with spinach, spicy cashew chicken, Kobe beef burger (delish!), tuna tartare, Asian pear martini, pumpkin cheesecake (seasonal makes me cry).  Their menu is so expansive that there are a million things to try, and a million ways to customize each order.P.S. Be prepared to wait if you go on a Friday/Saturday night unless you make reservations.  It is SUPER packed!
5	Well, when my birthday plans fell apart, My roommate took me to the Cheesecake factory for dinner. We started with Calamari which was very good, the calamari was NOT rubbery , it was easy to chew , and was perfectly breaded. Completely delicious.She ordered the Thai pasta ... and I ordered the Chicken RomanoBoth were delicious. I loved the Chicken romano, the chicken was crispy and the pasta was delicious. There was so much that I could only eat half my dinner.The Thai pasta.. I have to confess I kept stealing bites of my roommates dinner. The texture was good, the mix of flavors was just amazing ... I think I found a new favorite dish. I think my roommate was wishing she had ordered something else after I kept trying to distract her so I could steal bites.We drank the Passion Iced Tea. It was really complimentary to the meal. Our server kept the glasses filled and even brought a huge glass of ice when ours melted too fast. Then we ordered CHEESECAKE...She ordered the Tuxedo cheesecake . I tried a bite and the rich chocolate is definitely going to fit on my schedule from now on. It is perfectly chocolatey.  I ordered The Caramel cheesecake I can't remember what the fancy schmancey name is .. but it was yummy in my tummy. They even sang happy birthday to me .. how rockin is that??
5	What a visit!Fantastic service. Best server I've had. We find it's always good to skip a meal BEFORE eating here. The diet coke with lime; the bread; the Mexican corn cakes;  incredible!For dinner: the smokehouse burger. I dare say . . . The best burger I have ever had. Maybe it was the moment. The bun was perfect and toasty. Bacon was crispy. Beef was perfect. Onion rings on the burger. Yummy BBQ-ranch sauce. And then cabbage rather than lettuce??  Oh yeah!  Crunchy and fresh.  I would highly recommend this burger.
4	Food has very nice presentation, not just thrown together.  Staff if friendly and thorough, atmosphere makes you feel as though you're on vacation even if you're a local.  The Navajo sandwich fry- bread is as close to pow-wow fresh as you can get, and the Mai-tais are super smooth (dangerous!)  Will def come here again.
4	In Memorium: Beef RibsThe Cheesecake Factory is a very expensive restaurant with many items to choose from...yet, stupidly, they lost the best choice on the menu, the Beef Ribs.  Yes, they were over $25 a rack, but they were the best damn beef ribs I've EVER had, period.  So how could they get rid of it?  I don't understand it.When I inquired about it, they said that they change their menus all the time.  It may be back.  They also mentioned that it was their most requested item off the old menu, which doesn't make any sense.This four-star review reflects their current menu options...if they ever decide to bring them back, the beef ribs make it an easy 5 stars.Also, be sure to check out their strawberry lemonade...it's served with sugar around the rim, and it's deliciously sweet and refreshing.  Seriously the best strawberry lemonade I've tasted (comparable to Lucille's Smokehouse, which is also pretty damn good).
4	Food is excellent. Service. Bar. One of my favorite restaurants. I never had a bad meal. It gets crowded at the dinner hour.
1	Don't come here until they figure out their new menu. We ordered a couple items off the new skinny menu and supposedly they are now cooking their thousands of menu items on the broiler. Maybe they are "skinny" items because you will starve, it was an hour and a half till we got our food and all the manager could offer was 2 free cheesecakes (half of a normal portion) in return for a black and blue steak (which I sent back-it was ordered medium), cold fries, cold chicken tacos, cold burger with un-melted cheese, etc. It wasn't our waiters fault he did everything he could to deal with it and we tipped him accordingly. We ended up fighting our $150 bill and got our entrees removed since we ordered 3 rounds of drinks and there was something wrong with all of the entrees, the bill was still over $90. For tonight's performance, i would give no stars if I could.
4	Went here with my beautiful and perfect girlfriend who is absolutely just a blessing in my life and ordered her whatever her heart desired for lunch. Portions were huge, waiter was awesome, we were full, and cheesecake was delicious even after being snuck into the movie theatres. I gave this place a 4 because it was like 60 bucks for lunch..
4	I love everything about cheese cake factory except their prices.I love their cheesecake.And although the quality of food shouldn't make it so, their prices are a bitMuch. If I do come here I usually have a couple items from their small plates section and a slice of cheesecake to go.I love their Tex Mex egg rolls and their clam chowder! They serve the clam chowder on Fridays and it's really good! I always get a bowl and eat it with the bread basket. I've tried a few of their entrees and when I saw what I was paying for, it definitely made my meal a bit less enjoyable.Their wait staff is usually very nice and professional but nothing extraordinary. And PS their red velvet cake cheesecake is NOT as good as everyone claims. Way over rated.Try Kaluah cream, Dutch caramel apple streussel, lemon raspberry, white chocolate raspberry truffle, or tiramisu! They all have something more than just the cream over a crust.
3	I confess...I get jittery and awkward inside when I start reviewing chains on here.  *ducks*This is simply a review for the happy hour.  Since 2 nights ago we spent over $18 wasting money at China Tango across the street on soup and bad beef, I felt it relevant to tell the yelp world that Cheesecake Factory has a decent happy hour.The bad: It is from 4-6 PM.  This was the one day in 2 years of living near CF that Eric R. and I both were home before 6.  He was on the phone with a friend from 5:15-5:45 when I finally asked "happy hour or not?!?!?"We got there at 5:47 and our bartender Sam was cool and patient with Eric (he gets grumpy when hungry and wanted bread and a BIG water glass.  He says CF discriminates against water drinkers because my iced tea glass can eat his water glass).With a big debate between 2 or 3 appetizers, Sam assured us they, unlike the evil elephant bar, give FULL appetizer portions for the $5 price.  We ordered 3: chicken potstickers, shrimp summer rolls, and tamale corn cakes sans sour cream.  Full portions they were.  Lots of food, multiple dishes, and my tea = $18.  Nyah Nyah, China Tango!Therefore, when hungry near CF before 6 PM, meander to the bar area and have yourself a hearty meal at the hour of our grandparents.  There are deals on drinks too.
4	It's a chain. I tend to avoid restaurant chains as much as I can. But there is a special little spot of love in my heart for the CF. And it has everything to do with the Buffalo Blasts, variety of cheesecakes, and Lemon Drop martinis.What, you don't know about the Buffalo Blasts?! They are perhaps one of the greatest appetizers ever devised. No, seriously. It's like a chicken wing chopped up, tossed with hot sauce and cheese, then stuffed into this crispy, fried triangle thingy. And then served with sides of an awesome hot sauce and an amazing blue cheese sauce. Tip: Order extra sides of the sauces right from the start. If you are a dipper, you're going to need extra. The Buffalo Blasts are basically some of the most awesome hot wings you will ever have.Everyone knows about the cheesecakes. So many by the slice that choosing even just two or three becomes a challenge. I have been known to take home six different slices with me. My go-to fav, though, is the White Chocolate Raspberry. And, call it sad or not, but it is some of my favorite cheesecake of anywhere ever.And I don't know what it is that they do to their Lemon Drop martinis, but I love them. I love them more than any other Lemon Drops from anywhere else. Maybe it's their lemonade. Maybe it's their sugar. I don't really care. I just know they are strong and delicious, and I need a friend to supervise me so I don't down like five of them.This location can get busy, so be prepared for a wait. The bar area is on the small side. Overall, nothing particularly noteworthy or different - it's the same as the rest of the CF locations. Service is always good.
2	I thought it was overpriced and it took forever to get seated. The pasta i ordered was ok, but there are better places for cheaper prices.
3	We showed up at around 9pm on a Saturday and it wasn't even busy. We did have about 7 adults and 3 kids but our wait time was only about 10 minutes. The only good thing I can say is that our kids got their food faster than anything else.I just wanted a simple burger with bacon, the rest of their options weren't what I wanted. I got the bleu cheese burger WITHOUT bleu cheese...of course it was like an hour later they finally bring us our dishes and it had the bleu cheese. I was really disappointed because the waiter was kind of mean. He tells me ITS NOT and totally insisted i try it. If I don't like it, why would I eat it?! My husband tasted it and said of course it's bleu cheese. If it wasn't then there wouldn't be any cheese on the burger at all :( They sent it back and I had to wait another 10-15 minutes for them to make a new one...Considering our tab was over $280, I wouldn't go back there for the bad service I received and my burger wasn't even good to say the least...
4	This may be the non-fast-food chain restaurant I have been to the most across the country and in Las Vegas in the last few years...and this location is by far my favorite. Just off the freeway in the Green Valley area of Las Vegas, lots to do in the area before or after eating, and no crazy tourists (like the one in Forum Shops) or  nouveau riche with entitlement issues (like the Summerlin location). Do I exaggerate? Yes. Is it completely untrue? No. Admit it, you've seen it on occasion if you've been to either of those other LV locations.Why return so often to this CF? Awesome food and service and rarely an unruly customer. We've visited for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner over the years and I think maybe twice there was a problem with the food, which was rectified quickly. We've been there as a party of two, with out of town friends, with a group, and each time have gone away happy. So, consistency in quality (food and service) is one point in their favor. Another is the wide variety of menu items. Sure, there are several pages of variations on chicken, but there are also so many different meat preparations, salads, sandwiches, Asian offerings and tasty appetizers to fit the bill. A bread basket to start, and two pages of cheesecake variations to finish (key lime is #1!)...mmmm...I am a coffee snob, not so much (though a little) a chain snob, but even this is hard to find fault with at CF. Yes, it's a chain, but there are unique menu items (see other reviews, which I agree with) that other places don't have and can't reproduce in such surroundings. All that makes it kind of "unique" among chains and I've squared the circle as best I can here. The reason for four rather than five stars is my own little entitled whine...bring back the Turkey Reuben, I say! Every time I ordered it, the waiter/waitress said "great choice," so why did it vanish from the menu in 2009?
3	Came here around 2pm to take a lil dessert back to the hotel! This place was crowded and hot. Outside was cooler! I didnt like this place because of it being crowded and hot inside.
3	I don't remember the last time I visited a cheese cake factory but this visit made me realize there are so many other better restaurants out there for the price. We ordered the flat bread with pears, blue cheese, pecans, and baby spinach. It was good but the portion was pretty small. We also ordered the herb crusted salmon salad. I expected the salmon to be warm but it came out cold. Most salmon salads I'm used to the salmon is nice and warm and cooked medium but it seems like cheese cake factory's salmon was pre-cooked, over cooked and sat in a refrigerator until served. Our waiter seemed like he was in a rush and was not attentive.Overall I'd rather choose a mom and pop shop spend the same amount of money for better food.
4	Their "Glamburgers" are very good! Le Burger at the Paris Casino is still better, but I was pleasantly surprised! The last time I ate here was a year ago and my fish and my husband's steak were both grossly undercooked...and they MICROWAVED them and reserved them to us. A year later, I didnt get the fish, hahah! I got the Farmhouse burger, so good! Over-easy cooked egg on top. Cant miss it! Shephards Pie is OK but best shephards pie in the area is at McMullins Pub by the Orleans Casino.
5	I am really happy that more restaurants have the lower calories menus now went here Sunday and they had a separate low Carrie menu. Since I belong to Weight Watchers but still like to eat out sometimes this helps me a lot Thanks
5	After church, came to the District. We took the kids to the big carousel so that they could ride. The kids had a blast, shortly after, we walked around in the Whole Food market, and came to Cheesecake Factory. We had a little wait, but it was well worth it. We were seated as quickly as possible. The waiter was awesome. My son had a dish that consisted of meatloaf, mash potatoes, and a soup. I had a seafood sandwich dish that included the sandwich, salad, and a soup. Everything was fantastic. One of my nephews ordered the corn dogs and fries of the kiddies meal. My other nephew had kids pizza and kids Mac and cheese. My mom had a soup and salad dish. And my dad had an appetizer as his dish. The bill for the six of us came out to be about $87. We had a great time eating, talking, and taking in the ambient environment.
4	Brought my little boy here for lunch the other day since we were at a park on that side of town. It was lunch time and the place was packed but even so the wait for a table was only a couple minutes.Our server was very nice. She brought me my most favorite tea super fast..its a passion fruit tea that is just amazing. She even bought my little guy an apple juice in a sippy cup.I had the angel hair pasta with shrimp and he had a grilled cheese and fries.Both came out very fast..which is good since they have some really good bread there that can fill you up.She boxed everything up and even put my tea in a to go cup.Another amazing visit to the factory!
5	I have been here probably 5 times in the last 3 months. I can honestly say that out of every single experience we have had great service and the best food in Las Vegas. The menu is so diverse and anyone can find something to love here. I really think this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Service never disappoints and once when I made a mistake on my order the waitress had my entree remade to my liking and didn't even bat an eye. Priceless! I will gladly bring friends and family to the Cheesecake Factory anytime!! Can't wait to go back. BTW my favorite dinner is the Spicy Chicken Chiptole pasta!! Love it!!
3	Teryaki meal!  Need I say more?
2	I came here with two other friends to celebrate one of their birthdays. One of us does not do well with fish or anything too exotic, so the Cheesecake Factory was a safe bet. The portions here are large, bordering on insane. Some items are average in price to quantity ratio such as the potstickers, but then there are ridiculously big selections such as their chicken nachos. We started with these two appetizers and a few drinks. Looking through their menu is daunting. Flipping through page after page, it all becomes a blur. It took us twenty minutes to settle on our meals. Many of these plates could easily feed two and my friends did not want to split an entree with me. It definitely made me appreciate their Skinnylicious offerings. All of the items on this separate menu possessed less than 590 calories. It is not like other places that only have a few selections to choose from. No, this was a full blown menu with burgers, salads, pizzas, fish, and more. Looking at this was a task on its own. I ended up getting the Veggie Burger since I am a huge fan of beets. The patty is not like a Boca Burger. It is not condense or have the texture of meat. It is made up of farro, a wheat grain, and the deep burgundy vegetable. After a few bites, I gave up on trying to eat it as a burger and just ate the contents between the bun. It just felt odd to eat all these carbs together. The farro was cooked well and I enjoyed its flavor. It would make for a good salad. Now comes the real reason to come to the Cheesecake Factory, it is all about their... brownies. I kid, the only reason why I still come back to this establishment is for their cheesecake. The Red Velvet is my go to dessert. The white chocolate curls on the outside makes this treat even more decadent. Too bad, cheesecake does not make for a well balanced meal.
4	I love this place! I have to admit that we eat the cheesecake more often then the food, but isn't that what the place is named after? My two favorite flavors are Pineapple upside down cheesecake and red velvet cheesecake. I love that there are a ton of creative flavors and you aren't stuck with the boring East Coast Mentality of... plain cheesecake with cherry filling on top, its the only way because it tradition! (they do that have that one too) As for this location, we like to sit at the bar. Its always easy to walk in and get a seat at the bar even when the place is packed. We find the bartenders full of life and very friendly. An important detail for me is that my drink is never empty... its just a good sign that your server is on the ball.
1	I've been here 3 times before this last time. On August of 2011 I went to Cheesecake Factory with my family for my mother birthday (10) people. I understand that this place does get busy and there was going to be a wait. So they told us it'll be a hour wait which we were fine with. An hour past we still waited 2 hours are creeping by so we ask if our table was ready, no not yet. Still waiting and now 5 kids are getting inpatient and crying they are hungry. Now Im getting upset and whats taking so long to get a table. It seem as if they didn't care I had to ask for a manager to get anything done. The manager did try to make the situation better by comp some food but the damage was done for a 2 hrs and so wait. I with to order a cheesecake for my mother and some man that work there made a comment that I had to pay for that. I just brush it off and reply I know that. I will never return to this or any cheesecake factory. The service was bad and made to feel as dirt.
4	I've eaten at this Cheesecake Factory many times, probably eaten at almost all the locations in Las Vegas. Overall, I'm very much happy with my experiences here.This chain has one of those menus that can please any palate. It takes quite a while to even go through the whole menu, it's about 6-7 pages long. They have breakfasts, sandwiches, salads, appetizers, pastas, seafood, meat, burgers, and of course, their infamous cheesecakes.We actually ordered salads, appetizers, and desserts to go on our last visit. I'd have to say if you do come at peak hours, they will be a wait to be seated. I can't name all the foods I've eaten here, there's just too many. I'd have to say most of them are good and tasty. We've tried their salads recently, and were a bit disappointed. Just lots of wilted lettuce and not enough toppings. I'm not a big fan of their cheesecake, but I think it's because I prefer the denser version. Their other desserts, the Chocolate Truffle Cake and Carrot Cake, very yummy! Actually, all their other non-cheesecake desserts are phenomenal and huge-portioned. Definitely requires sharing!There's been good service, mediocre, and exceptional service on my visits. Overall, I'd have to say it's always decently good. Usually if it's bad, I remember it.I have tried to steer clean of chains these days, but Cheesecake Factory will probably always stick out in my mind as a go-to place to please many people because of their food and enormous menu selections.
4	While some may balk at the idea of eating at the Cheesecake Factory while in Vegas, I have at least one good reason to do so. NO CALORIE COUNTS ON THE MENU!! That means, Vegas is one place where I can eat at the Cheesecake Factory with a clear conscience. Plus they have a pretty decent happy hour that happened to be going on right when I got into town. There are a bunch of appetizers and cocktails for $5 and beers for $4. The fried mac & cheese balls are great and you can never go wrong with calamari. I was also impressed with the made to order guacamole which was a huge portion! We ended up buying more chips at Whole Foods to eat the leftovers back in our hotel room. There are also quite a few options on the small bites menu including some healthier (ahem, not fried) items like kale salad and ahi tuna. Yeah it's a chain and you can get Cheesecake Factory just about anywhere, but trust me their food is that much better when you don't know how many calories are in it.
1	I'm confused.  I've heard the raves.  I've read the Yelper's posts.  I gave up a chance to go to Lucille's or Claim Jumpers  or Settebello's to bid farewell to a friend at Cheesecake Factory - her favorite place.  Since I don't know the menu, she suggested the Navajo, and the waitress stated it was a good choice.  I wound up horribly disappointed.The french fries were inedible. Well ok, if you like to eat fries cooked in old oil that taste like grease soaked sponges maybe you could eat more than the few I did.  The Navajo has tons of lettuce, generous slices of unripened tomato, a smear of guacamole, and a tiny chicken breast hidden beneath it all, wrapped in a fried bread - probably fried in the same oil as the inedible french fries.  I did finish half.When the waitress asked how the food was, I told her the truth.  The fries were dreadful. She asked if I wanted more or a salad.  That'd be a no since I felt that I already had a house salad wrapped in fried bread.  I guess she told the manager because he came over.  I told him the oil was old.  My friend ordered a piece of cheesecake and when I got the bill, the manager had comped that.  It was nice but unnecessary. I wasn't looking for comped food.  I was looking for good food.I'm going to say that the service was great.  We walked in during prime dinner rush and were at our table in under 15 minutes.  The waitress had our drinks to the table in mere moments after that. The manager's concern seemed genuine. While I appreciate the good customer service, I won't be back.  It's a quality issue for me and there are too many great places to eat in town.
5	Met the girls here for lunch - it was super convenient to get to and I love the new skinnylicious menu.  Lots of yummy options and, while I didnt have it, it even includes a low carb cheesecake.  Seared tuna salad for one of us, Greek salad for one, and grilled turkey burger with side salad for me.  All very good.
5	Finally!!! I loooove this place excellent food as always but the service is really what makes it so wonderful!! Our server Kaytee was absolutely amazing! She was so fast and stayed on top of everything, she noticed we weren't happy with our appetizer and immediately took action even the manager came out to apologize! Kaytee was so sweet and on top of her game all the tables around us were in awe and bragging about her.... Literally! I have been searching for a great spot and lets face it...Vegas has alot of places with great food but it is beyond hard to find good, fast and friendly service BUUTTT I think I finally found it! Great job Cheesecake Factory! I will definitely be back!!!
4	Don't know why I haven't reviewed this place yet.  I literally find myself going to this place a lot for work meetings.  Today, a bunch of us came by to hold a manager meeting.  Instead of using a boring conference room, why not hold it at a restaurant.  Can we say expense it! LOL.For my meal, I got the regular size Miso Salmon plate for $19.95.  Start off with big serving of grilled salmon on a plateau of brown rice (or white if you prefer), surrounded by a butter sauce with pockets of sweet Miso sauce and garnished with Chinese peas.  I LOVED the Salmon.  The fish was perfectly grilled and had a wonderful light char on the skin.  The flesh was juicy and flavorful.  Great accompaniment with the Miso sauce.  I personally found that the butter sauce was waaay too rich and appreciated having the Chinese peas around to break up the monotony of  the rich butter sauce.  Other than that, the dish is on point.  The ambiance was great.  Always a vibrant atmosphere with dramatic lighting and decor.  I feel like I'm in the middle of Europe, yet not.  LOL.  This is a place you must visit once in your life. I've always had great experiences and will continue frequenting this place.
1	I had a really bad expiernce here they had us waiting for like two hours and when we finally got our table it took them another hour to take our order.  I mean really get some service
4	Two things I learned: 1. The Cheesecake Factory has prep cooks from 4am-12am every day. Everything they make is made fresh every day. 2. The Cheesecake Factory is actually somewhat tasty. We had a really great server and the food was good and came out fast. Its portions are oversized, absolutely. Like most chains, it is advised to share. The cheesecake really is fabulous but I'm not chomping at the bit to return here as it is kind of pricy for  chain food.
4	Love this place! Been coming here ever since my high school days.. Love the ambiance love the food.. service is ok.. sometimes they have the tendency to neglect your table if they get to busy..For starters i would order the spinach and artichoke dipfor drinks order their starwberry lemonadeThen for the entrees I would order the Herb crusted salmon salad if your feeling healthy or the KObe Beef is rediculuosly delicious..  For dessert i usually end it with a traditional starwberry cheescake if it wont fit take it to go and save it for later for a midnight snack..Prices are about average sometimes a bit pricey but well worth it!I highly recommend this place!
2	I do love the Cheesecake Factory, but I'm grading this one on a 2/5 stars because of the quality of food we received. I'm sorry but stale cold nachos with stringy and chewy cheese is just unacceptable. I'm sure it doesn't take long to make a good hot plate of cheesy melty hot and creamy nachos right to order....so why not of made it a la minute before making the other entrees and having the runner bring it out when it was hot and ready to go? Or perhaps it was the runner's delay of bringing the food? Also, if a customer wants their burger medium and you give them a burnt black burger...that's not good.
2	This is not my first CCF.  Lately I am afraid their quailty is going down.  I had a chicken sandwich and the chicken was tough and dry.  The fries were cold and tasteless.  For the cost of meals it really is not that great.  Service was good.
4	Went here just a couple of days ago for my first time. i'll start out with the service first. Our waitress was friendly, funny and on the ball! There was never a moment during our entire meal that we were sitting there waiting for her to show up to refill a drink or help us. And I also want to make note of the fact that each waiter/waitress was dressed in white from head to toe and not one uniform that we saw was out of place. Each person was dressed perfectly without a stain or blemish on their clothing. And for anyone that has worked in food service you know this isn't an easy thing to do. We ordered appetizers to start out the meal, crab wontons and the warm crab artichoke dip. OMG let me tell you what both of the appetizers were amazing. The crab artichoke dip was perfectly hot temp wise, seasoned perfectly and there were tons of lump crab pieces in it, came with a toasted garlic sourdough bread what a perfect combo. The crab wontons also came out a perfect temp and that pop of fresh green onion flavor combined with the sweet spicy dipping sauce was to die for. My husband ordered the filet mignon, it came with sweet potato fries, onion rings and he added a side of steamed asparagus. I myself ordered the factory combo that came with the steak diane, shrimp scampi and their house mashed potatoes. For me the steak was tasty and cooked perfectly, the shrimp however I felt was a tad over cooked and i've had far better scampi's from other restaurants, not that it was awful, just could have been better. Now the mashed potatoes, sweet baby jesus these things were delightful, they used red potatoes and there were still nice random lumps of potato throughout which I enjoy, the seasonings they used were on point and I just couldn't stop eating them. My husband said that his filet was perfectly cooked and that his whole meal was tasty, he even proclaimed that it was one of the best filet's he's ever had. Now for the cheesecake he ordered the lemon raspberry and I got the red velvet. Let me tell you what that red velvet cheesecake is amazing, I have an affinity for anything red velvet and am quite stringent on my standards of a good red velvet. The cake itself was moist and tasty and when surrounded by layers of cheesecake and crusted with white chocolate curls and garnished with real deal whipped cream this stuff is the business. I would go back just for the cheesecake.
5	The staff is so attentive and sweet! The counter take out is efficient and always ready to take your order! The bathrooms are clean and the booths are always wiped down.This is one of the nicest CCF on this side of town!
3	Cheesecake Factory is always a great go to place when you have several mouths to feed and you don't want to drive around to find a place to eat.This CF is well outside of the strip area of Las Vegas and is frequented by the locals from the Green Valley area.  We came here early on a Sat. afternoon (4-ish) and the place wasn't crowded at all.Service was a tad bit slow at first but with a little prodding (and departures by other tables) our waitress picked up the pace.For a party of 8 we were all pleased with our staple dishes ranging from Mexican to Asian to American fare.
4	Good, solid tasty food, well prepared in sizable amounts for reasonable prices. Waiters were friendly. Bartender poured big glasses of wine. Always a good option at home or travelling.
4	I really enjoy the food, the atmosphere and the service.  My only compaint is this place can be expensive.  I don't remember the name of the dish I got last time, but it was some chicken over angel hair with garlic cream sauce and it was fabulous.  I also really like the Nachos so anyone who isn't into pasta can order some things for them too.  Although I have never had one myself because I was too full, others I have been with have gotten several different cakes and they all look amazing.  So if you are a fan of cheesecake, I would definetly suggest trying a piece.
3	I hadn't been here in years like over 10 yrs probably. Went here with the family the other day and I still like this place. We went for lunch it was pretty busy but we got sat immediately.They accommodated the whole family as far as seating including my newborn which some restaurants do not have proper seating for. As I'm looking through the menu I see a wide variety of different options they have a pretty big menu! My mother in law ordered appetizers she ordered two different artichoke dishes one was the fire roasted fresh artichoke and the other was fried artichoke I'd never tried it so id figure what the hell ill try it. Hmmm I guess I'm not a fan of artichoke I didn't like it at all yuck which sucks because there were a lot of different appetizers that sounded tasty that i would have ordered such as avocado eggrolls, chicken pop stickers, fried Mac and cheese, tex mex eggrolls,crab wontons or the crab cakes hmm I might have to come here and just order appetizers one day lol. Now for my main dish I decided to stick with what I remember ordering and liking years ago the fettuccine Alfredo I did the lunch special since pasta is filling I ordered the tropical tea to go with it. The fettuccine was ok not great just ok I remember it being better but I guess they changed the ingredients, the tea was refreshing and delicious. My hubster and mother in law were happy with their dishes my hubster got the BBQ hamburger and she got some type of salad. It pains me to rate it 3 stars because I'm pretty sure if I had ordered something else and a different appetizer it would of been 4 stars because the service was awesome and I just chose the wrong dish.
4	We have eaten at this chain countless times - probably over 50, maybe more - the prices are very very reasonable (on entrees) and the portion sizes are huge - you really should share (especially if you want to make it to dessert).Their menu is as big as their portions - it is a ring bound folio.  We have tried a lot of the dishes and it is probably easier to list those that haven't quite lived up to expectations (as that is a shorter list):The meatloaf sandwichTheir brunch menu (just order from the regular menu)Our favorite dishes are the miso salmon and the bang-bang chicken & shrimp.  My sister in law ate their calamari about 20 times on a recent vacation.Their passion fruit iced tea is great and the complimentary bread basket is excellent.Our favorite cheesecakes are the dulce de leche & pumpkin (only available for about 4 weeks a year).  The strawberry shortcake is very good if you don't feel like cheesecake.This location is great of you are staying on the strip & have a car (and don't want to wait a long time at the location at the back of Caesars Mall in Caesars Palace).
4	We don't go here a ton but it is an every other month restaurant for us. Typically I can't finish my entire meal as the portions are huge and if I want cheesecake then I have to save room. The service is typically adequate to very good, but compared to the Plaza branch I'm used to in KC, MO it is missing a little bit of charm.  A few things I was very happy to see on this trip (October) were firstly a very expansive healthy menu that filled all of mine and my wife's needs and secondly a new cheesecake that was made to have hints of pumpkin pie. Both were welcome additions and both were full of very tasty bites!!  Things that would make this a more regular trip to me and my wife....more draft beer choices and super cold iced draw glasses, and lastly more intimate seating.
1	This Cheesecake Factory sucks. Ain't no other way to say it. Let me explain why.I pull into the parking lot and am waiting on my wife to show up as she's on her way. I call and speak to "Frank" who tells me the wait list is only 5 minutes. I'm only 5 spaces from the front door and can see both front doors so...I'm thinking we're going to be good to go. Well 4 min later we're walking in the door and I get told the wait is now 20 minutes. Wow, that's quite a jump in only 4 minutes and there wasn't a horde of people rushing the door. Either someone can't count or someone was lying...got a hunch the counting ability is just fine....So we get on the list, get our pager and then cool our heels outside. And outside stinks. Literally stinks. Like has anyone emptied the trash by the benches? Finally after a 25 min wait someone comes out and calls for us by name...the pager never did go off. I got the excuse that it doesn't work outside. Hmm, I guess having equipment with a range of 100 ft from the base station is asking too much. So we finally get seated. And service...well, it was slow. You wait for bread. You wait for drinks. You wonder if the waiter went to the bar to watch the baseball game on TV. You wonder if there will ever be peace in the Middle East. And then you get to place an order.When you finally get your food well quite frankly it sucks. My soon to be 3 year old wanted chicken strips and he wanted apple juice. He picks up the juice, starts to move the straw to his mouth and is rewarded with an apple juice shower as the lid was not snapped all the way down on the cup. Nice...now I got a soggy kid. And that soggy kid ate some of the french fries but spit out the chicken. As for my wife, she ordered Spicy Chipotle Chicken Pasta. She ate about 5 bites before she pushed it away. And I ordered a Mexico City Chicken dish that was marginally passable, but after a couple of bites it left my mouth feeling...well it's starchy...or like it's powdery..it's just weird. 2 hours after leaving the place my wife and I still have this strange aftertaste from their food. I've never really had an aftertaste like this before. Again it's just weird. From walking in the front door until we left took almost 2 full hours. We spent $80 and ended up leaving well over 3/4 of our food for Republic Services to send to the Apex landfill. I can write that it sucked, but quite frankly that's understating just how bad it was. My wife said to show mercy and give 2 Stars? Not a chance. If it sucks it sucks. Call it as I experience it and be done with it. 1 Star. And when you see penquins inside the gates to Hades, you might see me darken their doors again. Until such time...oh no Boo-Boo. Ain't going back here even if you tried to drag me in. (With apologies to my wife who had a rough day and I thought a good meal with cheesecake might brighten her day, but instead these jackasses made it even worse! I waited a while to write this one so I could cool off but needless to say I was not happy when I left).
4	You really can't go wrong with any of their dishes. The food is consistent and come in large portions so leftovers are expected unless you share with you table. Of course while in Rome.... You must try their cheesecake. Personally, I am a purist and like the plain vanilla cheesecake.
2	My husband and I went to the Cheesecake Factory for lunch. PROS- no wait, friendly waiter, large menu. CONS- atmosphere was very warehouse/industrial, food was overpriced. We will not be going back.
5	A nice date night visit to Cheesecake Factory at the District on Saturday.  Only waited 15 minutes to get seated.  On a Saturday night-not too shabby.  The waitress was pleasant and very attentive.  We ordered the crab balls and they were so good along with the bread I was already getting full. LOL  For dinner I had went all out for probably the most fattening thing and got the fettuccini with chicken and sun dried tomatoes.  My BF got his normal - orange chicken.  His seemed too sweet for me but he liked it.  We both LOVED mine.  Amazing!  I think he ate at least a third of mine. haha  We ordered the pumpkin cheesecake to go and it was fabulous of course.  Both were way more than enough.  Maybe next time we will share the fettuccini! ;)At the end of the meal we both thought "why dont we come here for often?"  The prices are good, the ambiance is ok-maybe a little loud, but the food is fantastic!  Big fan!
1	This location is in Green Valley just off the 215 freeway.TOTAL meltdown in service. Slow and non apologetic about the service from the management. Wasn't just me, it was all tables and they keep filling em up no matter what. Was there 1 1/2 hours and couldn't even get dessert. CRAZY!Huge food portions, blah nothing to taste but presentation of the food was nice.Lack of leadership with excuses. Didn't really care too much about excuses as I'm the customer and went with an expectation of quality food and professional service.Neither was delivered on this visit.I may or may not go there again
2	We arrived for a late lunch started off great but ended terrible. Bread good, southwest egg rolls good and the fried zuchini good. But then it just went down. My wife got a small pizza and it was undercooked and soggy, I got the fish and chips, they were very mushy and oily. My son got the alfredo pasta and he liked it. They comped the pizza that did not have a bite out of it and I got an eye roll about the fish. I guess my major problem is crappy food for $100. This was my first time there and unless my wife pays it will be the last.
1	First off, I'm a huge fan of The Cheesecake Factory and have been eating at different ones religiously throughout the years, but my experience at this location was a gigantic disappoint, to say the least. When I suggested The Cheesecake Factory to one of my friends, he said that the food wasn't great and overpriced at that. Since this has always been one of my favorite places to go, of course I had to argue with him. Determined to prove him wrong, I insisted that we go here for dinner.We went in, put our name down on the wait list, and went outside for a cigarette. Now this is a normal practice, and typically restaurant hosts will always check outside for the next table to be seated if nobody answers their call from inside, especially if the waiting area inside is full! They didn't even try to look for us when we were literally standing just outside of the door (which we had also let the hostess know before stepping out), and it took a leaving customer to inform us that we were up for a table. We ended up having to sit outside because they sat somebody else at our table.Our waitress was friendly (which was the only pro of the night). I ordered a rare steak Diane and herb crusted salmon. When the food came out, my steak was COLD. Not even room temperature, but cold. When I informed our waitress, she had the audacity to tell me that in order for them to cook it rare, they could only throw it on the grill for a couple seconds which meant that it was normal for it to be cold. Are you seriously kidding me? I don't ever eat anything BUT rare steak, and I have yet gone to a restaurant and been served a cold one. Furthermore, if you don't know how the steak Diane at The Cheesecake Factory is, the steak is actually thinly sliced into little pieces, about three inches in diameter. So it doesn't take much for the meat to get heated up. As a reference, I have ordered this dish before at several other Cheesecake Factories, and not once have I encountered this problem. At this point I was just bummed out, but my friend insisted on complaining to the manager, so that's who we asked for. It was a good 15 minutes before anybody walked past us or any of the tables around. We had to asked for a manager twice before our waitress came back with my steak re-cooked. The manager lingered in the background behind her and they both left after she gave me my steak. At this point we just asked for the check and a to-go box since our appetites were gone. I didn't even bother checking my steak to see if it was any good this time around.I didn't bother mentioning, but my herb crusted salmon was exceptionally bland. I had to season the life into it with salt and pepper myself. At least it was decently cooked, and with how they treated my steak, I didn't even want to complain about anything else. I don't remember what my date had to eat, but it's safe to say that we were just as impressed with his dish as we were with mine, which was not at all.I'm a very easy-going and forgiving person, so for me the big issue isn't necessarily the poor cooking, but the service and management (as I've seen other reviewers have pointed out). They should have just fixed the problem when it was presented, instead of making excuses. We were not being rude or unfriendly (in fact quite the opposite, despite of everything) and it's not like I was asking for the meal to be comped or discounted. In addition, I've never seen worse management skills. The manager never bothered to introduce himself or ask us how we were doing, even though we had specifically asked for him. Everything was a huge hassle and they made me feel like I was someone who was super picky or asking too much.My friend is right in that The Cheesecake Factory is a relatively pricey place to eat and based on my experience at this location, it is definitely not worth it. Worst $50 of my life, which doesn't even include tax and tip. It's a good thing our waitress was at least friendly and smiled through the night, because her other service skills were quite lacking. I don't even know how the manager was hired, because he showed no managerial skills whatsoever. I was so embarrassed that I insisted on going to eat here and defended this place when everything turned out to be horrible. This particular Cheesecake Factory is definitely not up to par. Avoid at all costs.
2	Ok I'm not a rocket scientist, but if you have outside seating you better be prepared, especially on a nice day, to have people want to sit outside.  I have to agree with other reviewers it's time for corporate management to take a look at who they have managing this place.We got to the restaurant, after we talked my co-workers husband into coming here kicking and screaming b/c they had had such a horrible experience at this location in the past that he vowed never to return, and asked to be sat outside. Guess what? No outside seating was available. WHAT? #epicfail!!!  Even if you don't have someone to cover the tables outside-FIND SOMEONE. [Strike 1] It's 11:30 am during the week, someone will take the table, make it happen. Instead we got shoved into a very small booth in the corner, where there was a waiter [Strike 2]. I'm a small person, 5'3 and it was a tight squeeze for me.They have a new Skinny-licious menu which is the only reason, besides their divine brown bread, that they are on the board. Everything is under 590 calories-they don't tell you the fat grams...so they are on their way but not there yet.If you have a craving for some good food and you are in this area try Settebello Pizza, The BBQ joint by GVR, or the Italian restaurant in GVR -skip this place and skip China Grille.
1	I had the worst experience. My family and I waited forever. The electronic device to let you know you're ready to be sat didn't work. They gave me another one but didn't program it. Another 25 minutes went by and nothing. If it wasn't my mother-in-laws favorite place to eat, I would have left already. When I went to the desk to see how long we had, our name was crossed off. I complained yet again. Then the girl who originally took our name said "Sorry your next". About a minute went by and she forgot and sat another party of 3. How can a 1/2 way Intelligent person forget something one minute later? "Are you kidding me!!!"  I will never go there again and hope anyone that reads this takes warning of the bad service.
4	I took my mom here for her birthday  because she had never been and she's a Big Bang fanatic, so she had to go "visit" Penny. When we arrived we only had to wait 10 mins, but once our name was called there was a sea of people that filled the front. So I'm guessing it's a great idea to call ahead. service was fast. Our server Daniel was very nice and poise, looked like he had been serving for years. We started with a CUP of soup, it looked like a regular soup bowl. By the time out entrees arrived, we could barely eat. good thing, because i was so0o disappointed in how my entree tasted. I order a Smokehouse Burger, and it was so0 dry and bland =[ I figured i was a bit out of it, and my taste buds just weren't awake after that AMAZING clam chowder, but no. I brought it all home to my Hubby, and he was confused on when he was going to get some flavor. I don't know if it was an off dish or what, but next time I'm ordering a steak or some pasta, and if they can't get one of those tasting great, then Cheescake Factory will only be for Soup & Cheescake for this family.
4	I haventnt eat here for a while..Why? because I ate there way too often and kinda got tired of it. I loved CCF and this last trip reminded me why.We went as a big group and sat at a round table.Our server was cordial and attentive and as a former CCF employee I know the whole drill they must do. She missed a couple of things here and there but who cares...I never agreed with their long introduction anyways.Our order placement was simple and it went smooth..for the most part. She forgot to take my order and had to call her back ..no biggie it happens to be best.I really liked the fact that they have a Skinny "B" menu (as my gay best friend calls it) and I can get some very tasty food without feeling like I will end up like Jabba the Hutt. I had the tartar and it was delicious, fresh and tasty! Small yes..but that's the price of low calories.To close my meal I ordered the margaretha flat bread and it was delicious as well.. after eating my stuff of course I started eating my friends food and had a taste of the HUGE nachos..and when I say huge I really mean it..that was a mega plate ..priced very good as well!Salads were big and tasty! In general, CCF always tastes good , from its bread to the desert.Our server was super nice and attentive.she even split the bill in 8 without a single issue. I really liked that touch.As long as there is not a long waiting time (which there usually is) I will continue to come to their spot due the ambiance, music ,service and of course food. Well done CCF
2	Service was decent.Food was meh,You're pretty much paying for the atmosphere. Everything can and should be better but, its not. This is a rather pretentious place.
3	Wow what an improvement this place has made with the service issues since the last time I was here over a year ago and previous visits before that.Dinner hour was pretty busy but I didnt get handed a beeper and wait like always. This time I was able to walk up and hostess seated us right away.  Like I said the place was pretty slammed, but there was never a lag in wait time, and servers never doubted themselves, something that I had a problem with on previous visits. This time our server and the runners did a great job with taking our orders, getting our drinks, food and desserts to our table in a timely manner. We were always checked on, our drinks filled. Staff was attentive, everyone was friendly. No one seemed stressed out. Only minor issue I had was when it got dark outside, the ambient lighting in the restaurant was too low.  We were cracking up because I was not the only table using their cell phone light to read the menu.The SkinnyLicious menu was new to me and I'm lovin it!  A lot of the items are low carb or low cal most under 500 calories. I would so order their Kale Salad and the Flatbread with Pear, Blue Cheese and Arugula again. Flavors tasted really fresh and it is noted on the menu they hand make these items to order.  Hard to imagine that healthier choices can taste so good and be low enough that I can have a slice of the delish Kahlua Cocoa cheesecake (better than the Tiramisu!)  and not feel to guilty having it since Im still under my calorie intake for the day. Sweet I can have my cheesecake and eat it too! On the other hand the burrito and the chicken dish that were also ordered in our party didn't live up to the prices they charge for this (13.95 and 16.95) ..it looked and tasted blah. With a very pleasant dining experience I had tonight, I wont be hesitant now coming here for lunch or dinner. Stars for improved service, healthier choices on menu and star rating for the killer dessert!
3	3.5 starsWe've been to this location once and only for cheesecake.  But, in general, we really do like the food at The Cheesecake Factory and sometimes even crave some of the apps and meals here.  But there are a few things that keep us from coming more often.The good: The cheesecake is delicious, and there are SO many options.  I want to try them all but usually can't pass up Reese's or Red Velvet and my husband LOVES the Snickers flavor.  And the portion is very large.  I had to bring some of mine home!  The service was friendly and efficient.  When we sat down our server immediately brought us bread, and we thanked him but told him we'd only be having dessert.  He brought our cheesecake quickly, kept our waters filled, and brought the bill promptly.  Don't you hate going somewhere for dessert and waiting like an hour to receive your bill? So glad that didn't happen! The not-so-good: This place is just expensive.  Seriously.  Sometimes I wonder - what right do they have to charge these prices?  It's a good chain but our cheesecake cost as much as a small dinner somewhere else!  We knew that going in so it wasn't a surprise but just be aware that cheesecake costs a small fortune here.  The lighting is very dark.  I have excellent vision and I was squinting to see the menu.  It almost made me too tired to eat cheesecake.  But I found it in me to keep going. I can't STAND the seating.  The table you get can make or break your experience.  They have these HUGE cushy booths that they do give to parties of 2 - I saw it.  But of course we get that small 2 person table crammed between two different parties on that really long booth.  Ugh, I could hear entire conversations of the people on either side of me.  And that awkward moment when you have to turn sideways to get in or leave the booth and hope you're not brushing someone's plate with your rear end... I know I'm making kind of a big deal about this but it really is annoying to me.  Please, spread the tables out more.Overall this is a restaurant that we enjoy coming to sometimes. They have a really great menu selection of food, drinks and cheesecake.  But it's just a once-in-a-blue-moon thing.
5	First time at Cheesecake factory,Amazing food and helpful staff! What more do you want!
3	This review is based on one visit, not my overall opinion, because usually I'm a huge fan of this place. My daughter  chose this as her 11th birthday dinner location. We've always enjoyed their food and of course the cheesecake. We had a party of 9 on a Friday night. I called early in the week in attempts of making a reservation but they do not take them on weekends.  That was my 1st and main disappointment. I didn't want to have a large group (half kids) waiting long. I told my party to arrive at 7, I arrived about 15 min prior. Our total wait time ended up being about 25 minutes. Not too bad on a Friday night. We were sat at a beautiful big round table where everyone could see everyone. We ordered multiple apps and dishes including spinach dip, calamari, tex mex egg rolls, chicken picatta, garlic noodles, sliders, steak, shrimp, and more. Everything food wise was 4 stars easy. It did take a full on hour before we were eating though. They served us basket upon basket of bread but took forever on the real food. Service was 3 stars. Our waitress was nice, just overworked and slow. Cheesecake selections were red velvet, Oreo, Hershey's, and strawberry. Seriously can I say anything wrong? Of course not. I will return to Cheesecake Factory. Overall they are a great "chain" restaurant.
5	I had an excellent lunch with co-workers. I had a salad and cheescake. Everything was good. My friends enjoyed their lunch too. Our server David was fantastic. The service was fast, friendly and zero mistakes.
4	It's really hard NOT to love Cheesecake Factory. This place has been an old favorite from years ago.The food is usually consistent for the most part and the portions could feed a small  village. What fluctuates seems to be service. Tonight wasn't bad as we had a newbie who had some things to learn but very polite. Funny how I sometimes expect a certain level of service at established restaurants and forget that every server has to start somewhere.After limiting myself to one slice of their signature warm brown bread, I feasted on the Jamaican Black Pepper Shrimp. My fave! Large shrimp in a flavorful, Jamaican jerk-like sauce alongside white rice, fruity mango salsa, black beans and sweet plantains. I was a little piggy and ate all the succulent shrimp...because I could :) The sauce was plenty if you want to mix your rice into it.The other item ordered at our table that I usually get was the Crusted Chicken Romano in a creamy white Alfredo sauce (not tomato as it shows on menu...get the white, it's better)Served with pasta. Love how thin and crispy the chicken was in the Romano cheese crust. I recommend getting the sauce on the side or separating the chicken to keep it from getting soggy.We also like the frozen mango raspberry smoothie that is just like taking a bite of fresh ripe mango. Very refreshing but will fill you up.I don't recall having a bad meal here and the great part is there's something for everyone in your group and again portion sizes are big enough to share or take home for another meal.
4	Came here on Friday night to celebrate my birthday. I work in a restaurant so I have an idea of what to expect service wise when i go out. Had an awesome server; Erika was very attentive and helpful. I also asked a gentleman who is a hostess for info on catering and he was able to get someone to help me with that. The food was delicious but I have to say that I enjoyed dessert a lot more. They added a candle on the pie and wrote happy birthday on there, a very nice touch. Overall, had a wonderful experience.
3	This was our first visit to the Cheesecake Factory here in Henderson.  The service was great.   Our waitress was very prompt with taking our order, drink refills and checking in with us.For an appetizer we tried the Hot Spinach Artichoke Dip.   It was just ok.  Actually it was kind of bland.  I wish it had some kick or something to add much more flavor. Disappointing for a starter.I ordered the Spice Chicken Salad.  It was ok.  The chicken was very dry without any flavor.  I ordered the spicy dressing on the side.  This was it's only saving grace.  It had a great tangy flavor which complemented the salad nicely.Of course we ordered a slice of cheesecake to share.   We decided on the Oreo Cheesecake!~  FANTASTIC! You can't really go here and not have a piece of cheesecake.   I wish I could've given them more stars but two out of three things I ate were just ok.  Maybe I'll just have to go here for dessert!
4	I'm giving only four stars as this restaurant varies time to time with experience. But this experience was excellent, mostly in part due to our waiter Joe P. From the beginning he was excellent with giving my daughter paper to go with crayons I brought (they don't give kids any), to giving advice on what to order based on the selections I was choosing between. He was quite attentive keeping our cups full and asking if we needed anything. He even brought the cheesecake in to go boxes as we weren't eating more than a few bites! Then the food was better than usual, not sure if choices or chef of the day but food was good. I had BBQ chicken salad which is my fave at a competing restaurant, I liked it better here! He had some kind of chicken and shrimp in a warm PB sauce (I can't remember name) and he loved it. Then I don't like cheesecake but I eat the Adams peanut butter usually, Joe reccommended the Reese's peanut butter cheesecake and it was decadent! He had red velvet as his fave! The best part was the managers or owners or something were meeting with the chefs across from us and they kept saying how cute and wonderful my daughter is. That is the truth! Lol!
1	The only reason why I put one star is because the cheesecake is phenomenal. Me and my bf dined there one night he got the mac n cheese burger and I got like a western one , our server I think her name was Amanda talk blonde girl , never checked up on us and I watched every one else that was sat after us get there food and we sat for about 2 more hours with no food other parties that were there after us left already , then one guy comes up to us apologizing about the food delay , and that he would take care of it , well then the food came and finally.our server comes back apologizing for it taking forever , well the burgers were gross over Cooked, Mac n cheese was dry with rubbery noodles , we didn't even finish it , then we get the bill and we got no discount no nothing , they didn't take care of us at all , we paid the bill and left and will never be dining in there again ever just going in to get  cheesecake to go for now on. The only thing good there is the cheesecake , poor poor poor service
3	I've probably been to TCF dozens of times in my life. I most recently went this past weekend on Father's day. Now there's a saying - You've been to one, you've been to them all. Quite fitting here. The service is the same at almost all locations - pretty good.I'm not a big fan of the huge menu. I know TCF is a successful restaurant chain and the big menu is part of their schtick but sometimes you just need a restaurant to be great at a few things rather than just okay on a long list of things.Plus, the endless variety of items, makes it impossible for me to narrow things down when I have no idea what I want in the first place ----but that's probably just me.I have enjoyed their Chicken Picatta almost every visit - it's my favorite thing on the menu and it has a lunch sized-portion as well.Their cocktail menu has many great items on it as well. Not a big fan of their standard margaritas though....All in all, if you've been to cheesecake factory before and loved it, this location is very much on par with the rest of them. But if you have an option and it's a special occasion, I really hope that with all Las Vegas has to offer dining-wise, I hope you do your due diligence and branch out.But hey, Cheescake Factory is A-Ok to me.
5	Love it here. Always fun and great service! On this particular visit I decided to try the Pina Colada Cheesecake and it was an absolute delight to my taste buds. For my main course I had the Jambalaya... extremely yummy to my tummy!
4	Completely impressed with our waiter.  I asked what seasonings were in the Chicken Samosas and he knew without skipping a beat, which deserves 3 stars in itself.  I got the Samosas (on the app menu) and my husband opted for a basic burger and fries.  I had iced tea and my husband ordered a green tea which was A-MAZING.  I wished I had ordered that and I hope I remember next time.  It came with a sprig of fresh mint and was just the perfect flavor.The samosas were wonderful and came with a really yummy cilantro sauce for dipping.  I could have used some more sauce though. (Not that they were skimpy with it, just that I like a good dipping sauce LOL).  My husband liked his burger, it was nothing special but he was just in the mood for a basic burger so he was happy.  The fries were just ok.Service was quick and very competent. We'll be back when we're in the neighborhood.
4	Dined in at this location for the first time for happy hour. Bartender was great at suggesting items without pushing them on you. It is setup nicely for solo dining or small groups. Service was fast and the food was good.
2	Food is mediocre at best but what I can't wrap my head around is this; why do the curb side workers that answer the phones don't know what's in the menu items (for allergies purposes) and have such thick accents you can't understand them, then you hear them yelling in Spanish in the background. Crazy
4	I haven't been to the Cheesecake Factory in a long time. Went there with friends for dessert after a movie. I had the 30th anniversary cheesecake which was really good, big portion that I was able to share with one of my friends. The service was good. The only complaint would be that it was very noisy from music playing from speakers in the ceiling. The server got part of our order wrong because he couldn't hear us unless we shouted.
4	Went at 6pm and though it was packed we were seated in 5 min. Staff was friendly and attentive. Our server Grant was very good!! Food was delicious and portion sizes were good.
4	This is one of our favorites for satisfying a sweet tooth, and the food isn't bad either. Service is always attentive and prompt, sometimes to a fault. There are only so many interruptions I care to have during a sitting. That's just me, you may love the extra attention. We personally love the setting and just about everything about this place.
4	You'd think that clean eating and the Cheesecake Factory would not compute, but you can find clean eats most anywhere, even here at this chain restaurant.  Yes, it's a bummer not to indulge in their red velvet cheesecake at the end of the meal, but you don't always have to eat cheesecake just because it's the name of the place.  The Skinnylicious menu has many items to choose from that can be made even cleaner.  I'm a big fan of the turkey burger, ordering it protein-style (without the bread), hold the mayo.  The side salad it comes with is good with its balsamic vinaigrette dressing, too.  The b/f and I had lunch there today and he had grilled chicken breast with brown rice and broccoli, also very clean.  I'm a fan of being able to order our meals the way we want to here with no fuss from the staff.  Major kudos and it keeps us coming back!
4	This Cheesecake Factory is as one would expect if you've been to one of their other  locations.Huge menu and portions, friendly service, food typically delivered to the table quickly and as ordered, and a lot of dessert choices...of course!The addition a while back of the Skinnylicious menu is appreciated; we often choose one appetizer and one main course and split the two as our lunch.  Then a slice of cheesecake to go for breakfast the next morning.Drink prices (especially the bellini or other speciality options) are ridiculously expensive so we tend to shy away from the adult beverages.We prefer this location over Cesar's Mall because fewer tourists, less wait for a table, and certainly time saved because there's no maze to find it in the first place.
2	The wait is to long. The service is slow. The food is ok. It's basically like every other casual dining chain. The cheesecakes are actually frozen and they are the same ones if you go to Walmart and buy The Cheesecake Factory Cheesecakes there.
3	Usually have a nice time & meal, but today they seam to of had Sunday blues. They had no sugarless syrup when they said they do. They served an omelette that was incorrect. They dropped the onion rings on the floor. At least all the servers had their usual politeness. Hopefully they get through  the rest of today smoother than this morning.
4	Who says that Cheesecake Factory has to be busy with long waits?Who says you can't find something somewhat healthy at a Cheesecake Factory?Nutrition wise, I've been trying to clean it up for the last 10+ weeks. Sometimes eating meals prepped at home can be a bit of a grind.  So, it's good to eat out every once in awhile to break up the monotony. I recently met up with the gf and a friend for lunch here. I discovered their Skinnylicious menu a couple of months ago, so I knew I'd find something clean. Just a reminder, this is a Cheesecake Factory and that means big portions.  Their Skinnylicious menu is no different.  You can get a range from salmon, turkey, lean steak, and chicken off their healthier side of the menu. But don't expect super low calories due to the portion size.  My advice, split your meal.  But for me, I'm going to be all I can be and eat all I can eat...in moderation that is.  If you do that, then expect a calorie range between 490-590.  Still...this isn't too bad.Like the rest of the Cheesecake Factories out there, there's always something for everyone.  Since I've only had something off their Skinnylicious menu at this location, I am not able to comment on the rest of their food.  I have been to other Cheesecake Factories and pretty much tried everything. I have never been disappointed.  Service was great here and ironically, we didn't have to wait too long to be seated and served.  I'll most definitely be back.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (417/500)
3	Went late (about 10pm) so no wait. Server was prompt and professional. We ordered a couple larger salads and food came quickly. Portions were quite large and so take home was necessary. They do have the full menu available, including a healthier 'skinnilicious' menu with smaller plates, apps and salads. First visit to this location so an average score to start, they meet expectations, no compaints
4	When we are in Vegas we love to check out the surrounding areas too.  After visiting Green Valley Ranch resort and the Shops at Green Valley ranch we decided to go here to eat some lunch.  We ordered the Skinnylicious Mexican salad and the Chicken lettuce tacos.  The tacos were a-ok.  The salad was very good with  Corn Tortilla ... topped with Chicken Breast and Black Beans with Mixed Greens, Corn, Green Onion and Cilantro.  Tossed in a Vinaigrette and a little Avocado  , Salsa and Sour Cream.  After eating off of the skinnylicious menu and not feeling too guilty we ordered the Ultimate Red Velvet Cake Cheesecake.  If you like Red velvet cake and Cheesecake this is a must have.  Moist layers of Red Velvet Cake (I hate when its dry) with cheesecake in between.  Cheesecake frosting.  Delicious.   After that we felt a bit guilty but very satisfied.  Service was attentive and friendly.
4	It's been quite some time since I've eaten a meal at a Cheesecake Factory. I was taken out to dinner here to enjoy my first "real" meal after being on a very strict protein-and-pretty-much-nothing-else diet for the past two months.I didn't know what to order and ended up getting spaghetti and meat sauce. I wasn't really a fan. It was too sour and there wasn't any "oomph" with the flavor in the sauce or meat.As for my date's dish, he got grilled salmon with mashed potatoes and broccoli. Definitely looked a lot more appetizing than my spaghetti. He let me try some of the salmon and mashed potatoes. Salmon was okay. Those mashed potatoes though. Oh My God. I died. My taste buds were in heaven. The butter and the texture. The underlying kick of horseradish. I could have just eaten the mashed potatoes as my dinner. He even asked if I wanted a side of mashed potatoes to go since I was so clearly enjoying myself. I should have said yes.... hah!As for dessert, I thought about getting cheesecake, but I really wanted ice cream. I hear my date say  "oh my god" right before I'm greeted by a freaking goblet of chocolate ice cream with whipped cream and almonds and hot fudge. I did my happy dance while enjoying that.I do wonder if those mashed potatoes would taste different if I wasn't just coming off of a really restricted diet though. But it doesn't matter - that was a dinner date I probably won't ever forget. Haha!
4	The only problem I encountered here was that I got FULL!!! Everything was so good I wanted to keep eating!!!! The waiter was great and patient. Very kid friendly!!!
2	MEH. Exactly how I still feel about it.My mother and I were trying to think about a place to go and have lunch. She lives in the Anthem area, and we were trying to stay close by. She brought up the Cheesecake Factory. I was neither excited, or sad. Good opportunity, right?This place was busy, but it wasn't full to the brim. We didn't have to wait long for a table... maybe three minutes. I told the hostess that there were 2 (meaning two adults,) and one highchair.Some how, this converted to three adult menus, and no high chair. Two different ladies told me that they would bring me a high chair, before a third one brought me one.....after she finished her conversation, of course.Our waitress comes by and asks us for our drink order (2 waters with lemon.) No straws. We ask for straws while we continue to look at the HUGE menu. Now, I don't know how Cheesecake Factory's black straws come, but ours came UNwrapped, and the waitress felt the desire to put them in our drinks for us. I hope she washed her hands.She leaves us, and we decide on what we want. Menus closed, she passes us. Passes us, again.aannnndd again. My mom finally flags her down. The waitress said that she wasn't "aware" of our readiness.*sigh* whatever.My mom has appetizers, the tuna tar tar, and the white bean hummus.I ask for the Spicy crispy chicken sandwich. I ask what type of cheese is put on the sandwich."Jack".Do you have Provolone?We have cheddar, blah blah blah blah. We can do a shredded mozzarella on it for you. OKAY, so is that a NO, that you don't have provolone? Gotcha. We wait a decent amount of time for our food. Thank goodness for their bread and butter, which you now have to ASK for.My mom's tar tar was small. Personal appetizer small. In my opinion, not enough to share.Her hummus was just thrown in the bowl, with a piece of the flatbread already in there, getting soggy, most likely.My sandwich was nothing special. Honestly, I've had a better one, out of a box, frozen. and it cost me $1 from my grocery store.It comes out, on a "toasted" brioche bun. With a rather large piece of fried chicken, that looks like it is missing from a red and white striped bucket.Why this is called "spicy", I will never know. Even with the entire side of chipotle mayo that came with it, it was pretty bland.Blah Meh food, and meeeeeeeeehhhh service? Not so much.
5	We had a party of 13 and Marilyn did an awesome job taking care of us. Food and service was great! We all had a great time. Chicken and Mushroom Lettuce wraps had really fresh crisp lettuce and the chicken/mushroom had a great balance. BBQ bacon burger was pretty bomb. Chicken Crusted Romano was good too! Great night tonight, glad we chose Cheesecake Factory tonight.
4	It's a cold night, walking in didn't feel warm enough.  We got sat right away at the booth closest to the door.  I mentioned it was cold here but we were not relocated.  Two of our menus at the table were greasy. There were some crumbs on the table.  The server Chris greeted us and listed the specials.  He brought our drink orders right away.  I always get strawberry lemonade $3.95.  It very sour and sweet!  He said he was going to come right back with bread.  He came back to take our order, no bread.  After a while he brought us water along with our bread. The Thai wraps $13.50 were nicely plated and arrived just as I finished my first piece of bread.  I didn't have any, but the boys finished it all and liked it. We were given hot towels after the finger food appetizers!   +!  My pasta da Vinci $16.95 tastes good as always.  Slightly creamy, chicken, mushrooms, fresh Parmesan.  I prefer to come in during lunch to order the smaller portion.  Cheesecake Factory servings are generous. The food here is always consistent, location to location.  The service was timely. Total for 3 of us with alcohol, appetizer, and a dessert was $146.75.
4	Love the atmosphere and food, my favprite is the cobb salad. usually has okay service but could definitely be better! Won't stop me from coming back.
3	It's date night with Hunnie Bunnie and we are trying to go to her fave spot, Cheesecake Factory. First I tried Caesar's palace but it was ridiculously busy so we drove all the way out to Henderson. Would we like patio seating?? Sure why not, there are heaters outside. It was kind of a cool evening, but the heater really helped keep us warm and the ambiance sitting outside was actually fantastic, with the music playing around the village was a nice touch! I dont' know why I stray from my Chicken Chipotle pasta because whenever i do, i am never satisfied! I ordered the Lemon-Garlic Shrimp pasta on the Skinnylicious menu. There really isn't any sauce accompanied with this dish so I asked the server for SOME kind of sauce for this... I think she brought me out some alfredo or something. It still wasn't very good. The shrimp were quite large though but this dish just didn't do it for me. I must just stick with my Spicy Chicken Chipotle pasta! Hunnie Bunnie ordered her Mac n Cheese though and enjoyed it very much! And the Red Sangria hit the spot! Our server was really nice too - Hunnie Bunnie even asked me why she ALWAYS had a smile on her face like that! I told her it's cuz it's her JOB!
5	Heaven= Avocado egg rolls & THE SMORE'S CHEESECAKE!!!!!yumm go to heaven lol =)
3	Food is great but terrible service.
5	Large menu, great food, fantastic service.  We'll be back~
5	I love this place!! If you're on a date, having a girls outing, a family meal or a business meeting it can all be done here!! Always clean, always a great experience. The menu is rather large so it takes a while to decide on a meal. BUT... You will not be disappointed with whatever you chose. I've enjoyed every selection so far. You definitely want to do yourself a favor and order the Red Velvet Cheesecake to round off your meal. It is my go to dessert. I normally order it togo because the portions are huge and I don't wanna be knocked out in a booth. Please do yourself a favor and get there if you haven't already!!
3	The waitress was great, checked on us, refilled drinks when low and offered us a bread basket.My husbands lemonade was really good. I had the black tea, which was also good.The food, well it wasn't bad, nothing special. He had the Shepherds pie and I had the Chicken and biscuits.Maybe it was just us, not use to eating rich foods. Both of us felt a bit bloated after we ate. His didn't have much flavor, mine was just okay.It's not a bad restaurant, just not for us.
4	The menu has ads... That's pretty much the only negative thing I can say. The food is always spot on and very big. And cheesecake!
2	Went for Valentine's a day early to beat the crowd. Christine was our server but I wish she wasn't. I ordered the mahi special it was disgusting. There was so much runny chunky tomato on top of the fish and mashed potatoes it was more like a soup. So if you like your fish, tomatoes, and potatoes all swimming together you might like it. I didn't say anything. I know the server noticed me trying to recuse my potatoes from drowning. So she said she was leaving and Jennifer would be taking over. Well I don't think Jennifer was even there yet. 10-15 minutes go by meanwhile Christine is still taking care of the table next to us. Finally Jennifer! She was only there to put in our cheesecakes to go and grab the check. I wish she had been our server the whole time. Night and day difference.
4	We love this restaurant and have been to many different locations throughout the states. But this past wkend the service was weird. Our waitress appeared to be drunk or sleepy. It was so bad we asked her to go home. She was falling asleep while taking our orders and her behavior was not the norm for CCF staff. Long story short the  orders were wrong and confused her. (Service for 6) She was replaced with another waiter and we were told she was sent home. So to make us happy we received 3 free cheesecakes and one meal free since it arrived after everyone was finish eating. I can say this was the worst service we have ever had but thank goodness the food remained at its highest quality as we would expect. I must say we did appreciate how fast the managers stepped in to make sure our dining ended on a good note. Becuz we love CCF I can't give it less then 4/5 stars but I will give our waitress a 2 star. Sorry. Hope u get better sleep nxt time u work.
3	Since its a cheese cake factory its like all the other cheese cake factories. It has solid food but lacks the attention details you will find in the mom and pop shops. its good but not great in my oppinion.
1	Ok so I LOVE Cheesecake Factory but I was so unhappy with my visit today I could not post about it. The food was good as always and service was good for being so busy but when the girl asked to bag up my food I was like ok.... I wish I would have done it myself... I gave her a plate with 1.5 sandwich and full fries and ketchup and ranch... I look at my to go food once I got back to work and all I had was 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 fries... I had weightloss surgery so I cant eat a lot at 1 time but if im gonna pay full price for meals I want my WHOLE meal I didn't eat to go.... SUPER unhappy with CCF today!! Shame on the waitress!!
3	I really dig this place. It presents a lively atmosphere with huge portions of food that are reasonable for the prices you pay. Don't be alarmed by the $14 cheeseburger, it's a nice portion and higher quality ingredients than your average chain restaurant. The cheesecakes are amazing, and they even have an Atkins-friendly low carb cheesecake that's made with Splenda and a crushed nut crust! It's crazy good. Why do I frequent this restaurant? They have an understanding of special food and diet requests. I live a low carb lifestyle and it's so easy to make substitutions here. Salad, broccoli, spinach or green beans instead of fries? No problem. No bun? They'll lettuce wrap it! My new "thing" is to get the chicken pasta with spinach instead of pasta. Yes, the kitchen will easily accommodate special orders. It might take a lot longer to get your food (my last visit there resulted in a wait time of nearly 55 minutes from the time I placed my order 'til the food arrived), but at least the cooks get it right. Minus a star because of three problems: 1. The usual slow service: it shouldn't take nearly an hour for food to come out of the kitchen when the restaurant is 3/4 full 2. The always dirty and gross bathrooms: Yuck, clean up more often, please! 3. The tables: if you get stuck at a tiny one, get ready for the nosy snobs next to you to be all up in your eatin' business.
2	It was the first time that I dined at a Cheesecake Factory and it will likely be my last.  The wait time wasn't bad at all even though it appeared very busy.  The waitress was pleasant but seemed rushed.  She filled our drink orders promptly which is a big plus.  It was very noisy but aesthetically pleasing.  We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and it was adequate.  We ordered the ribeye steak medium rare for our main course. It came out well done.  They offered to cook another one for us but we didn't think they the next steak would be prepared any better so we just ordered some pasta.  The waitress never apologized for this inconvenience. The pasta was pretty bland but edible.  Overall it was not worth the time or money that we spent there.  If your going to go to a chain restaurant stick to Outback, they at least know how to cook a steak.
3	I've only been here a handful of times since I'm not in the Green Valley area often, so it's typically to meet other friends halfway or the location of birthday dinners, etc. I haven't been a big fan of The Cheesecake Factory for several years now, however, I've been impressed during my last two visits.One big factor of my newfound respect is the addition of their SkinnyLicious menu. The primary reason I stopped dining with them was because of their calorie-heavy menu (they have pasta dishes that exceed 2,000 calories!). The menu features a list of items that were specially curated to not exceed 490 calories for appetizers and 590 calories for entrees and some items from their regular menu that happen to be under those thresholds. However, as I'm sure you've guessed, the portion sizes are cut dramatically. They apparently don't know how to cook filling and healthy dishes.Off their SkinnyLicious menu, I've tried the Santorini Farro Salad (farro, cucumbers, tomatoes, beets, red onions, feta cheese, tzatziki, and vinaigrette) and Chicken Samosas (crispy wrappers filled with spiced chicken with cilantro sauce). Both surprisingly delicious and not overly terrible for you. The salad was ridiculously small and there were four tiny samosas. The prices weren't bad, but it's sad considering the fact that those dishes were still loaded with calories and fat.I was surprised that their Fried Calamari (served with garlic dip and cocktail sauce) was really good. Also, I've had their Barbecue Ranch Chicken Salad (grilled chicken, avocado, tomato, grilled corn, black beans, cucumber, and Romaine) with the dressing on the side. It was tasty and it was such a large portion that I couldn't finish it.The SkinnyLicious menu is great, however, it's really hard to love a place that serves dishes that have more calories than you should consume in a day. It's a shame that a lot of diners are really oblivious to restaurants' nutrition information and obviously, restaurants don't want to be transparent about it. So, although I don't advocate dining at these restaurants, if you do, as I'm sure I will in the future (even though I won't want to), definitely order off the SkinnyLicious menu.Side note: their Pumpkin Pecan Cheesecake (seasonal) and many other cheesecakes are really good. Share it with 1-2 people and don't think about the calories.
4	The best cheese cake ever.  I always have a great experience there and they have a great happy hour.
4	I really enjoyed my lunch here had the state and it was delicious has the warm crab and artichoke dip that was excellent the bread they give you the pumpernickel is so good my wife had the Caesar salad with grilled chicken and my mother in law has the state Diane from scampi and we're going to finish it off with the red velvet cheesecake also the strawberry lemonade is excellent will definitely be back.
4	Sunday brunch is popular here. The menu is like 1,000 pages and extensive.They really could make it more compact. Anywho, I really liked my California omelet, it had lots of toppings and was a generous portion. My family also enjoyed their meals, and we got a comped menu item due to the long wait for it (the manager stopped by to surprise us with this). That was nice of him and certainly appreciated. Good place for large portions and huge variety.
4	Staying in Henderson this Cheesecake Factory was the first I've visited which I didn't have to wait for seating at dinner. I was seated at a booth which I requested and was comfy.My friendly waitress greeted me asap and gave me a menu with the large variety of choices to choose from. I ended up going with the Salmon Miso which was topped on steamed rice and served with pea pods. The fish was fresh & moist and the miso sauce went good when combined with the rice and pods. Instead of going with a fancy cheesecake I chose the original which was served with whipped cream. The cheesecake was silky smooth and creamy and not overly rich but filling.Overall for me - the large variety of choices, good quality in a pleasant atmosphere make Cheescake Factory a solid choice to dine.
4	I had a small Fresh vegetable Salad it came with asparagus, green beans, tomatoes, cucumber, roasted beets, apples, Edaname, radicchio, romaine all chopped with vinaigrette. (So good it was lite nice for a Summer day)Herb crusted filet of salmon came with a lemon sauce, mashed potatoes and asparagus.  It Was A Lot Of Food! I only ate half of my salad and a couple bites of my meal. Our server was really nice I can not have any dairy and my salad came out with cheese once I let him know he corrected it and had another out within 5 minutes with managements apology.
5	Carissa was our cashier & guide to the wonderful world of cheesecake. We told her we all had different food allergies,  mine being wheat.  Mom is lactose intolerant & bf can't have certain fruits like strawberries. She informed us it's cheaper to buy a cake by the half sizes but we couldn't do it.  She was understanding.  We left happy & boy that chocolate mousse cheesecake was mMm! Thanks Carissa D! :D
4	One thing about cheesecake factory that I love is that they stay consistent with food..their menu is always the same and each dish is prepared the same every time. When you come here the only thing that may bug me is their service.It's like one day I'll eat here and the server is awesome and the next time it's the total opposite.But I will gladly take it for the food is key. I normally stick to a couple things here but I've tried alot of things that are amazing.My faves areAhi tempura rollShrimp and bacon clubRib eye steak with garlic mashed potatoes that comes with one delicious onion ring( I wish they came with 5 of them..lol)Miso salmon (sometimes the rice is too hard and uncooked)Cabonara Of course the red velvet cheesecake is the best(Ive tried alot of other dishes here like breakfast stuff like the chicken hash and the Monte cristo sandwich but they weren't really memorable)Oooh and don't forget about that bread! Yummy! I will always have cheescake factory as an option for a meal any day of the week
4	My husband doesn't like chain restaurants so to get him to try Cheesecake Factory, I had to lure him in under the premise of Happy Hour. Happy to say, the staff at this CF did not disappoint! Fast, friendly service- awesome happy hour pups and great cocktails. $5 each? Wow. I have found something to like about visiting the Las Vegas area!
4	Omg! I love this place, amazing food, service, and friendly staff. My boyfriend and I come here quite a bit you have to get the avocado egg rolls they are the bomb ! Served with chili line sauce and chicken pot stickers but I would ask for the sauce on the side.for some reason the potstickers are swimming in the sauce  if ordered in original form.  If you decided to get a strawberry lemonade make sure to ask for water because it's overly  sweet. Entrees I got the luau salad it's amazing very healthy and he got the teriyaki chicken so good comes with your choice of brow., Or white rice . Lastly our server was very nice and attentive but seemed to be overwhelmed so we felt bad asking for anything.
4	Always a good stand by when you have no idea where to eat. The food and service is always good, never been to a bad Cheesecake Factory. The menu is huge so there is something for everyone, plus the cheesecakes are delicious.Bistro Shrimp, Kobe Burger, Louisiana Chicken and Pasta are some of the dishes we always seem to get. Tuxedo Chocolate, White Chocolate Macadamia, Vanilla Bean are the cheesecakes we tend to drool over.
1	I was there one a date and lost the opportunity to bed one of the cutest little French spinners you have ever seen over the service we received.  We waited an hour and a half for our stinky meatloaf.  Followed by our 30 minute wait for cheesecake.  I have to admit the food was actually good.  The problem is the little hot French spinner had a curfew.  She had promised me a great time.  We were late for curfew when we left the Restraunt.  Thanks a lot.  She got back with her boyfriend of 4 years the next week.  I could have been her mistake.
5	Had to wait for a bit because most of the guests were celebrating with family and their recent graduates.  We ordered the Avocado Rolls for appetizers and they were awesome.  For the main meal, I had the Meatloaf and it's so much food, I couldn't finish it.  But I did have room for the Pineapple Upside Down Cheesecake and now I have diabetes. (Just kidding).  Definitely a restaurant I'd stop by again whenever I visit Vegas.
2	We went there expecting to have a good Father's Day meal..We got our drinks and we told the server we were ready and he walked away and it was literally a good 12 minutes before he came back to take our order. I guess the table next to us was angry with him so he came back with an attitude towards then we find out most of the dishes we wanted were 86'd. We waited another 35 mins for our food..no exaggeration. We were very disappointed, the server was very rude and avoided us a lot. I understand having a bad shift or having guests treat you bad but don't take it out on the guests that are actually nice to you. Definitely won't be back.
5	My go to take out restaurant. Whether I'm sitting at home and can't think of anything to eat Cheesecake Factory is always delicious with more then enough items to choose from. The Louisiana chicken pasta is my all time favorite menu item. If you are looking for a nice semi casual dinner with friends, family, or clients, Cheesecake Factory is always a great choice!
4	Having a Lava Flow and some appetizer for a late night snack. just sitting up at the bar area and going to get a few light bite snacks and a few drinks
1	What a HUGE disappointment!!!  I would never go back to this place for anything other than cheesecake!  Their food is absolutely pathetic!  And I sincerely mean that!  I don't believe people even know what "good food" is anymore.  And clearly the manager that was working 6/25/14 @ 1:00 pm, doesn't have a clue!!!  We ordered Fish Taco's & a Beef Sandwich similar to an philly cheese steak.  I kid you not....the taco's had ONE piece of fish in each taco the size of a nickel!  The rest of the taco was shredded cabbage!  The rice sat under a heatlamp so long that it was like biting into uncooked rice!  The sandwich that I ordered was beyond disgusting!  I ordered it without onion's.  When sandwich came it was loaded with onions....so I sent it back.  As well as the pathetic excuse of a fish taco!  Finally the incompetent waitress brought back the sandwich....and it literally had a cold piece of cheese in the roll....with cold raw fatty beef on 2/3's of the roll....and the other 1/3 of the sandwich was bare with nothing in it!!!!!  I couldn't believe they would serve this!  I called the manager over and he said "Well that's how much meat we use and usually the onions bulk the sandwich up."  I wanted to backhand this fool!  You serve me cold, raw, fatty beef on 2/3's of a sub roll with cold non-melted cheese and think that's acceptable????  He said well I can get you something else.  At this point I said no thanks....you can keep it....we're leaving!  He said "what about your taco's we're re-making?"  I said ....Keep those too!!!!  He says..."the waitress feels really bad....she really does."  The truth is....I could care less how the incompetent waitress feels!!!!!  I'm the one that feels bad here bud!  I just waited 45 minutes for food that I wouldn't give to my dog!!!!  Wow....this manager is in the wrong business!  And that waitress wasn't any better!  This place has NO STANDARDS for their food!  So do yourself a huge favor and go elsewhere!  I ended up going across the street to Capriottis and ordered a philly cheesesteak and it was great compared to the sandwich The Cheesecake Factory attempted to serve me for $13.95!!!!!  What a joke!  Ugh!
1	They got two out of three orders wrong, and the service was horrible.  It took over 20minutes to get our check.  I am done with this Cheesecake Factory.
5	Cheesecake factory is one of the best to go to. Walk in and have a great time. The hostes is nice and friendly. The wait is never long and if its to long for you you can just wait at the bar and have a drink :PThe food .. well its going to knock your socks off. really its up to you on how far they go off .Anytime you go get some cake on the way out. you will love to have it for a little late night snack at the house
4	Excellent! Be sure to sit in the bar in try the street tacos. Or outside in the later evening timeframe when it's not too hot,_
3	Went for a late dinner last night, there were a good amount of people but the place was not even close to being full.  Our server Cynthia was awesome however the kitchen was the slowest I have ever seen here.We were seated right away and waited a bit for her to come over, but once she did we got drinks really fast and order taken pretty fast an then waited and waited and waited.Our server had a great sense of humor an made sure our drinks stayed filled, offered more bread and really made the overall experience am enjoyable one even though it seemed like it took the kitchen forever to get our food out.Once the food came, everything was prepared just as ordered and was good.  I would definitely go back as the food is good and our server, one of the best we have had there in a long time.
1	The food here is great, but I am very put off by the attitude of the hostess and the manager.  I was informed (quite rudely by both) that they do not take reservations on the weekends after 4:00 pm.  I was trying to have a birthday party there, and they absolutely refused to make a reservation for us-it is not convenient to have a party for someone and be made to sit around and wait for a table (especially a large party).  I do not recommend going there to celebrate any special occasion as they will not accomodate you in any fashion.  For me guest service is just as important as the food.  I will not be told how I am to be treated by them while I spend my money.  There are too many other restaurants to choose from.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is one of my favorites across the board due to the consistency of the food and service. Tonight I ordered the fried cheese starter platter, soup du jour (tortilla), and the Chicken and Biscuit entree. Let me start off but saying the fried cheese was excellent, about 8 little triangles perfectly breaded and crisped with Gouda and Mozzarella cheeses and melted to perfection. They were the perfect temperature. The soup was so-so, a basic bisque like consistency with corn and some other veggies. It had a nice spicy finish but at first bite the saltiness is a little  overwhelming. The entree is one of my favorite a good solid buttermilk biscuit, very flaky and buttery, with a vegetable melange (carrots were slightly undercooked) , mushrooms, and peas. The chicken however was moist and juicy, pan seared to perfection. It also had just the right amount of rosemary crust. And the gravy that they use is fantastic, not to rich or thick, and not overly seasoned. That's what I like about this entree it's not overly done so you can really enjoy each component. And our server, Nick, totally professional and nice and a real babe. Over all a great experience and will definitely be back!
1	I used to LOVE this place. But the service was TERRIBLE. The woman was so slow and put her FINGER in my food!!!! I won't be coming back.
3	It's cheesecake factory. Nothing to be impressed with but it gets the job done.
5	I've always had great service here and the food has been excellent. Favorite thing to order is the tomato basil or the shepherds pie. The red velvet cheesecake is to die for.
4	I ended up here with a group of co-workers for a going away lunch for one of the girls in the office.  We decided upon The Cheesecake Factory since there are so many selections and there would be something for everyone.We were greeted by the hostess, and requested a table for a party of 9, we had to wait a few moments, but I would expect that with the size of our group.  We were then seated and our drink order was promptly taken.  We then proceeded to order appetizers and food.  Our server was great! She was always attentive and prompt with everything!I had the four cheese pasta which is sooooooo yummy! It's penne pasta, with mozzarella, ricotta, romano, and parmesan cheese.And since it is The Cheesecake Factory, I had to share a piece of cheesecake with my co-workers! I chose the chocolate tuxedo cream cheesecake..... one of my faves!
3	This was our second time at Cheesecake Factory. The first time do not go so well. We were there with neighbors for brunch on a Saturday. It was a please time. The wait staff was excellent and made some good suggestions on selections for breakfast items. The Bloody Marys were good also, very spicy, just as I like them. I have an omelette with chicken chorizo. I was surpised how good it was. Now nothing beats pork, but it was good and most likely healthier for me. Will we return? Most likely yes, at least for brunch.
3	I love the fried mac and cheese, and the mac and cheeseburger!  Booth 94 in the rotunda room has a beautiful view of the city. Its the only inside table with a view. The outside is pretty the lights twinkle like stars lok. The cheesecake while good is frozen and if you buy the cheesecake factory brand frozen ones at Walmart its the exact same cakes they serve in the restaurant.
4	I forgot how much I like this place. I wish they didn't have so many items on the menu though. I'm horrible at deciding what to eat, and with a million choices it makes it that much harder for me. I looked at the menu for a good 20 minutes. I finally chose the bbq bacon burger. It came piled high with crispy onion rings, bbq sauce and bacon. It was deelicious! I got a side of the ranch to dip my fries into and it's the best Ranch I've ever had. It's garlicky and has a bit of a kick to it. So good. You can purchase a jar to go, FYI. My other half had the pasta carbonara with chicken and he really liked it. Others in our party had bbq chicken pizza, fettuccine alfredo, corn dogs and a club sandwich. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. Now you can't go to CCF and not order cheesecake. I spent another 20 mins deciding which flavor I wanted. I finally chose the oreo and it was amazing. I also got to sample the smores, reeses, and banana cream pie cheesecakes. They were all pretty good. The reeses has an over powering peanut butter flavor which I didn't really care for. The smores one was really good and the banana cream was good as well. I can't wait until they have their pumpkin cheesecake. I love that you can walk in and just purchase cheesecake by the slice without having to dine in. I will be back.
4	Been to this location a few time.  Service has always been great. Food is just right and the red velvet cheese cake is irresistible. Will always return to this location when visiting las Vegas.
3	so i ordered steak diane with no garnish i get my food and it looks like i got extra garnish i tell server its not suppose to have any parsley she does not say sorry just takes my plate i wait 10 mins as my husband is almost sone with his mine comes and the crazy part our server walks by 3 times see i have no food and does not srop to ask why finally my food comes i ask server for manager because i looked like they just tried their best to pick the parsley off my food i show him he apologizes ans asks can they make me somethine else i state no i just want my food made right he brings food back 6 mins later corrected then server drops off menu and keeps walking manager comes back apologized again and says he told server desert was on them because what happened was not ok funny thing is server never told me they were comping cheesecake. My foood was delish as always when i finally got it right and lots of points to manager i see why he has his job he redeemed cheesecake factory for me
4	We love this place. The sweet corn tamales or Chicken Belagio are our favorites.Be prepared to wait for a seat. It's that busy. Worth the wait.
5	This was my first time in an out of state (California) Cheesecake Factory.  They were very nice and considering there was a concert nearby they were fairly quick.  The waitress was very nice and moved us when we told her the air was blowing freezing temperatures at us in our seats.  The place was clean and the food was good. I like the skinny food they offer, low calorie food that tastes good.
5	This place rocks my world! I have been here so many times and I've always had an awesome Expierence. The food the drinks, everything is so tasty and well done. It feels like a magic trick that the menu is so big but always executed so well. I try to get something new every time I go. The venue is always clean, the lighting is perfect, I love the ambiance of it all. Perfect for a date night or any night. Dress up or dress casual it all works here. Don't even get me started on the cheesecake!! Ugh get in my belly.
4	For my mom's birthday, we sat outside. We ordered meatloaf, some salads and pasta. Everything was very good. The service was slow even though they were not busy. After we we done eating, we ordered a cheesecake. The cheesecake was delicious.
3	We had dinner here a few weeks ago and for $100 I'm not impressed at all. I was expecting better food for the price range. Our service was fantastic and the restaurant was nice but the food was a let down. Definitely not on the list of places I would return to.
5	Awesome dinner tonight with my wife. Our server David G was incredible.  His ability to read us to meet our needs is a 5 star. I just returned from NY last night and wanted to spend an evening out with my wife. Kudos David G and the dessert after our dinner, wow, lemon meringue was a great suggestion.
5	Can never go wrong here. The menu is huge, I'm sure you'll find Sumtin great. The bread is awesome. I love there burgers and burritos.
1	Brunch? Raw, doughy waffle? Really? Not like it was a Tuesday night ordering a waffle. Even asked for the toppings on the side, so it would not get soggy. This is AFTER we sat for 8 minutes with no hello. Suzy finally appeared. Asked her if the large table in this section was going to hinder our experience? She soooooooo snotily replied she could move us if we wanted. Continued a very condescending attitude. This was BEFORE the waffle issue. Manager offered something else, we declined. Didn't want FREE food. We wanted lunch and cheese cake. We got neither. Will not return.
5	Great food, friendly staff, and great service. Great place to get together with friends and family. They also have the best cheesecake in town !! There might be a bit of a wait, as this is a favorite place to go to after shopping in the area.
1	Ugh. I hate the Cheesecake Factory. I always try to give it another chance and I don't know why. It's not to the food, it's the service. Every. Damn. Time. Worst service ever. My husbands birthday, we didn't make a reservation be it wasn't busy so we were seated right away. Ten minutes pass before the waitress takes our DRINK order. Just taking her time, talking to the table next to us, doesn't even look our way. So we wait ten more minutes to get the drinks. (Which were delivered by someone not our waitress) Ten more minutes pass and she still hasn't been back. We got up and left. Not exaggerating about the times either! Every time. We're never going back. Not sorry
3	My gf and I stop by to get our usual. She loves their stuffed mushrooms and I like their Chipotle Chicken Pasta. This location always hits the spot on these two things for us. Location is always busy on weekends, expect to wait 15-30 minutes if you are there with a big party.
3	The Best Cheesecake on the menu is the Strawberry Lemon hands down.  Its got a bottom layer of cake that absorbs and holds the strawberry syrup.  Not too rich, and not too far from the classic cheesecake taste.  They can get too far away from cheesecake with stuff like the Oreo cheesecake, I'd rather just have Oreo ice cream at that point.This CCF is in a great location in the district at Green Valley.  It is your standard CCF with really dim lighting.  Sit outside if you can because it's a lot quitter and scenic.I tend to try to get Entrees that are more on the exotic side, it tends to pay off better than standard stuff.  The Jamaican Pepper shrimp is a celebration of flavors in your mouth.  I also like to get a post meal alcoholic shake like the flying gorilla.  Then sit around for another hour sipping it to annoy the waiter.
3	The Cheesecake Factory is always a great option since there are so many selections on their menu and there is always something for everyone. I usually have one of my faves, which is the four cheese pasta which is sooooooo yummy! It's penne pasta, with mozzarella, ricotta, romano, and parmesan cheese.
3	Alright.. going to tell you exactly what to do here.. first order the french country salad (have them split it in the kitchen for two).. along with the calamari app.. and the crab cake app. Have them all delivered to the table same time. Along with two glasses of the house wine (pretty decent) your bill won't come to $60 (before tip)... and it's all damn tasty.. you beat that LMK.
5	I absolutely love the Cheesecake Factory. The atmosphere is always incredible. Although it is busy most often, I find that I get seated very quickly. Their employees are always extremely professional. The food is exquisite. This is, by far, my favorite restaurant. Never once have I had a bad experience here. I am very big on customer service and I must say our waiter did an outstanding job at providing us with quality service throughout the night.
3	Just ate at the Cheesecake Factory. Where the food was good again. The service was terrible. Had the bread, then the drinks came 10-15 minutes after they were just ice tea, cokes and lemonade. Then refills never came till the food arrived after asking for more. The server wasn't paying attention messed up the split checks and how it was charged. The food was delayed between people and they forgot my cheesecake. Cheesecakes were amazing. Too bad service is a big part of a restaurant so I give it 3 stars. Hope you have a better experience. I hope next time when I come back its better.
4	good service, good food, good atmosphere. slightly too dark inside... hahaha no big deal though.
2	We came in here on a Sunday night and had the worst experience EVER. I love cheesecake factory but the service was horrible. We waited for 45 mins for our table, got seated & waited another 20 mins to get greeted. Our food came out cold and the server never came back once to check up on us once he delivered our food. We complained to the manager and he was nice enough to comped our dinner and apologized to us.
2	The food was good, but that's about it. We were told the wait would be 20 minutes and given a buzzer. They never used the buzzer and after 45 minutes I had to ask how much longer for a table and they said someone else must have taken our table when they called our name. Once sat, we had the worst service I've ever had at a Cheesecake Factory. The waiter only came to our table a couple times, was gone in less than 30 seconds each time, and never bothered to refill our drinks. Needless to say we won't be going back to that location.
4	This particular location brings back the first time I ate here:I am down with the swirl, have jungle fever, a checkerboard chick, and all other silly names people come up with to express that they are open to all types of races. I love all guys--black, white, Asian, Hispanic, Middle Eastern, European, tall, short, skinny, heavy, muscular, etc. I have no specific type. If you're hot, your're hot! RIGHT?So, one of my friends started this interracial meetup group and at the time I was NOT interested in dating. I am happiest being a loner. She talked me into accompanying her to the Cheescake Factory with the rest of the group that signed up. Now, I have enough common sense that groups like this rarely turn out the way you want because for one thing people in their 30s just don't sign up for stuff like that. This was a Monday evening (happy hour) and it was fairly crowded. We were waiting for the RSVP's to show up and it was starting to crowd. While waiting a few males showed up and I could tell they were NOT her type. She was looking extremely irritated and I was having a blast, watching it all go down. LOL.... This man in his late 40's showed up and without any kind of greeting she jumped up from her seat and said, "How old are you?!" After he reluctantly said 47, she made it clear that this group was for no one over 40. I felt bad for him as he walked away and I secretly hoped he didn't return to shoot up the restaurant.Another male approached us wearing coke bottle glasses, a striped stained polo shirt, dirty, baggy bum jeans, and velcro snapper shoes. He looked just like Robin Williams in "ONE HOUR PHOTO." To make matters worse, he was hoarding several overused Walmart bags full of personal property! Maybe he thought he was gonna get lucky and have a place to stay tonight?!She tried to eliminate him by asking his age. He was a smart man, and he lied. Haha..... Out of no where, I could see her hopes rising when two extrememly tall white males entered the restaurant. The kind of lads you see posing in an Abercrombie ad. She jumped up immediately and said, "Are you here for the meetup group?!" They looked surprised and said no. She slumped down like she had just completely given up. Inside, I was cracking up! The happy hour menu is extremely cheap, nearly half off so I ordered a few appetizers. I got the calamari which is lightly breaded and extremely tender and juicy. It comes with 2 different dipping sauces, but the calamari is so good it can stand on its own with a little lemon juice. I like ordering off of their SKINNYLICIOUS menu which are items that are healthy and less calorie. The Arugula Salad containing Arugula, Marcona Almonds, Golden Raisins, Parmesan, Lemon and Olive Oil.....is sooooooo light and refreshing and is a great accompaniment to something that is fried. So I sat there, watching some people make a connection and others look like they were ready to go. I chose to sit in a nuetral seat, meaning I sat between two females so that no one assumed I wanted to pair up. I wasn't there for a love connection--just a really yummy meal. This evening turned out to be hilarious--at my friends' expense. She didn't find anyone that fit her type. Oh well! I left with a delicious OREO COOKIE CHEESECAKE! That's the ultimate love connection!
3	Great portions on everything. Always have doggy bags!!!!  Love to stop in after the movies a GVR.
4	I love the Cheesecake Factory, but I hate dining there. I hate restaurants that are so loud that I can't talk to the person sitting in front or next to me. Plus the tables are way to close together so it feels like I am sitting with strangers. But I know that going into the restaurant, that is why I LOVE the take out option. The food is always hot by the time that I get home so there is no lack of heat or anything like that. It's almost as if I am eating there in the restaurant with the temperature and etc.The food is always on point.FoodChicken Samosas - 5 Stars - Full of Flavor, Nice Portion size, Sauce is to die for.Vietnamese Shrimp Summer Rolls - 3.5 Stars - The filling needs more seasoning before being wrapped in the rice paper. The sauces can only go so far in seasoning the rolls.Bread - 5 Star plus - Enjoy the 9 grain bread the most.Shrimp & Bacon Club - 5 Stars - Love the bacon, shrimp and the sauce. I don't put tomatoes on the sandwich but sub onions and the flavor is so much better. Fries - Always seasoned wel. Sometimes a little too well.Pineapple Upside Down Cheesecake - 5 StarsPeanut Butter Cheesecake - 5 StarsIf if wasn't for the take out option I would never dine there. The few times that I have dined in there were no problems. Servers are friendly and helpful. Just not my kind of atmosphere.
1	We have visited the Henderson, NV location many times since 2007 and I have to say that tonight was the last straw. Our server, Deanna displayed unprofessional and inexcusable behavior towards my husband and I as well as our 4 guests. After we were seated we were greeted by our sever who unfortunately was about to leave for the day. She introduced Deanna as our new server while she made sure we had plenty to drink before she left. Deanna proceeded to take our food order and was very vocal when our friends ordered the crispy chicken sandwich with an extra order of fries. They told her that they were sharing the sandwich to which Deanna replied loudly "that's it ? You're sharing a sandwich?" She seemed irritated and it continued when my husband and I ordered the crusted chicken romano with a salad to share. She commented again "you're sharing too?" Then to cap it off when our friend's 5 year old told her father that she wasn't hungry she stated "so she isn't eating anything!" Honestly, I found her behavior apalling and I have no problem taking my business to Lucille's and/or Claim Jumpers which are both just across the street. The food here is good but I don't need to be shamed for sharing a dinner that is actually large enough for 3 people. We will not be back anytime soon!!!
1	Normally I love their sweet potato fries but today they served me burnt crispy fries and totally skimped on the fry sauce too. The customer service which is normally pretty good was lacking today as well. Don't know if they are just having an off day or what but I am totally disappointed!
5	Got right in - a true Christmas miracle at CCF!  Adore the Hibachi Steak and my guy loves the meatloaf!  We both really like the dark wheat bread...and butter...yummy  Great service, best menu choices, and yum yum food/drinks!
5	I love the lettuce wraps.  Garlic Bread  Was One Of The Best I Have Had.  Our server was great, not sure her name.  In fact I think there were two helping us. Jason and I enjoyed the chocolate peanut butter cheese cake after. With A Late.  We where going to go for drinks at a local bar, but decided to stay and sit at the bar.  So pleased we did.  Go just for the bar experience.
3	Service is great the server was very friendly. However the food is not up to par as other Cheesecake Factory locations that I have tried. I was disappointed in the quality of food. They get 3 stars one for the server, one for the hostess and one for the backup singers who sang happy birthday to my mom. Great personalities but that cannot justify coming back here to eat. Great food makes me want to come back and my taste buds need to be tantalized in order for me to give a 4 star and up rating.
1	I will never eat here again. The business practices of this establishment (and every other Cheesecake Factory I've been to) are not customer friendly. They don't tell you a wait time over the phone and they don't take reservations. Even if you call ahead and try to let them know you're willing to drop a couple hundred bucks on a large party (because eating here isn't cheap) they don't respond with anything other than a "I'm sorry, we don't want to disappoint people by quoting wait times that may not be accurate." Well, Cheesecake Factory, you've disappointed me by NOT quoting me wait times. I guess you can't please everybody and in this case I am the one not pleased. WE CALLED THREE TIMES to work with this establishment. We were told three different things. Now, I'm saying one thing. No more Cheesecake Factory ever again.
2	Been going to the Cheesecake factory off and on for many years. I agree with other posts that the prices are too high. At the same time, the size of the servings are getting smaller. I usually order Bang Bang chicken and shrimp. The last time we went - was the worst. I don't know if its the cook or they changed the recipe. Won't be returning any time soon. Service was poor and the food disappointing. Cheesecake still amazing just very expensive with smaller serving size.
5	I'm obsessed with this place! I always get great service and the menu is HUGE. Their cheesecake is always delicious
2	Today I got the Cheesecake Factory and I had a pulled pork sandwich it was really good and so was the cheesecake but when I ordered my salad and it came with Thousand Island dressing the Thousand Island dressing literally tasted rotten and made me so sick I love going to the Cheesecake Factory but I will not return after this experience
5	Great food and desserts as always. Had thai chicken wrap and avocado egg rolls to start. For dinner my family had garlic pasta with shrimp, bang bang chicken/shrimp and chicken bellagio. All very good and huge portions, so leftovers for lunch tmw. For dessert Carmel cheese cake and tiramisu. Great meal :-)
3	Came here on New Year's Day, partly because it was one of the only places open. Had a very anti-climactic meal here. We ordered crab and artichoke dip, which they were out of, so we split the cheese and artichoke dip and a Chinese chicken salad. Both were just ok. I ordered a strawberry lemonade and it was sooooooo incredibly cloyingly sweet. Also, our server, though nice, left in the middle of our meal and the replacement server didn't come by for a solid 15 minutes. Eh. Not the best experience.
