5	Nothing could be more serious than what I'm about to say... Listen. Up. We have been using another local print shop for several years that shall go unnamed because of how much I hate them. They're nice, talented people for the most part, especially Robert, but holy hell I don't understand how they stay in business. We used them despite them. In the most recent situation that draws my ever-loving ire, they sent us a half order and accused us of losing the other half. Then, we tried to switch over to Impact, who on two occasions ignored my requests for a quote. That was awesome. So I begin to scour the Interwebs, high and lo, begging, praying, beseeching the Gods above for a printing company to just be effing awesome. Lo and behold, such a company exists. The Heavens parted, angels sang to Odysseus' Sirens, and I found O'neil. O'neil is the real deal and if you don't get your stuff printed here you're evil. It doesn't matter if you've never heard of them. Even if you don't need stuff printed, you should make something up and send it here. They're hyper local and by that I mean they're not only local but locally EMPLOYEE owned. Yeah boooooiiiii!They've been in business for about 103 years or some crazy number to which I can hardly count. If you want to know the truth, I think in the future, I used a time machine to go back to the past to influence my future by founding this company that year just so that 100 years later I could look like a genius for finding such a great company to print our shite. In case you need to visually verify the veracity of my claims, pull a Cosmo Kramer like I did and just bust down their front door. It's probably not locked though they claimed upon my departure there'd be a "Dallas G" policy.  I'm so happy. Even if they send me a box of flaming dog excrement they'll have done it with way more class, style, and responsiveness than the others in town. O'Neil for President!
5	We recently hired O'Neal Printing to take care of a custom large-format project. We needed a life-size vehicle printed on gaterboard and delivered to a tradeshow out of town, in 3 days. They not only assisted us with the artwork, but also printed, and coordinated all of the complex shipping needs. I have to hand it to these guys, they do excellent work. Thanks!
5	If you want the best then you need to partner with the team at O'Neil. They are far more than just a printer --- they are your partner in business.
5	O'Neil is a wonderful organization full of professional, passionate, dedicated employees. Each one is motivated to get you a high quality product within your price range. They listen to your needs and care deeply about exceeding your expectations.HIGHLY Recommend them.
5	O'Neil Printing has been a long time "go to" partner for my firm. They are high integrity and high quality. They are a fabulous team of contributors that facilitate our projects. Each member paying high attention to quality. When I absolutely need it done well, on time and on budget... They deliver time and time again.
