5	I've been blind as a bat since I was in 4th grade. When I got my first pair of glasses, I said "Oh, look, everything's outlined in black marker!" While other girls used nail polish on, you know, their nails, I used it to decorate my contact lens cases. So needless to say, I'm an expert on going to the eye doctor. And it was never a pleasant experience- until now. I found Dr. Bilon randomly, through my insurance company's In-Network list, but I'm glad I did. I've only ever been to my family eye doctor in my home town, so I really had nothing to compare it to. I just figured eye appointments would suck for the rest of my life, and that was that. But I was pleasantly surprised at how easy Dr. Bilon's appointments are.First and foremost, he uses a mild dilating solution that doesn't hurt and wears off in about an hour. The solution at my other doctor's left me incapacitated all day, not to mention was really uncomfortable to the point of being painful. Gone are the days of laying down the in dark and wearing sunglasses at the dinner table after an eye doctor appointment. Also, the subsequent test where you have to stare into a bright light is very quick and painless, and makes me wonder what in God's name my old doctor was doing all these years, making me stare into that white abyss for an eternity.I can highly recommend Dr. Bilon. It cured an ophthalmologist-phobic like me, and I'm sure he will fit all your vision needs.
5	Dr. Bilon helped me out a lot! I recently moved to the area after having the same eye doctor at home for 10 years.  His staff was friendly and professional and the appointment was less than 45 minutes.  He gave me free trial pair of contacts to find the right one, and is currently working with me to correct my dry eye problems. I would recommend this guy to anyone!
5	Dr. Bilon's practice came recommended from many families in the Plaza Midwood area. From the time I called to make the appointment, the staff impressed me with how friendly and helpful they were. The was no wait (either in the waiting room or exam room), and Dr. Bilon took the time to explain different things to me, without seeming at all rushed. And an added perk - no puff machine! (They have a newer technology that doesn't require that dreaded puff of air into the eyes.) I previously had visited an optometrist office in Uptown, and for Uptown workers, I highly recommend the "drive" (.5 miles?) out of Uptown, to Dr. Bilon's office. I am also a fan of the dilating solution that wears off much faster than other solutions I've experienced elsewhere.
5	I have been going to Dr. Bilon for close to two decades.  This alone should speak volumes of my confidence in his ability.  Dr. Bilon and his staff are extremely detailed and take their time with you during a visit.  You will never feel rushed through an appointment.   I have had some major issues with my vision (detached retina in both eyes as well as cataracts).  Dr. Bilon directed me to specialists in the region who not only repaired my eyes, but worked with Dr. Bilon to make sure that my ongoing vision is better than 20/20.  Dr. Bilon also has corrected vision, so he understands how frustrating things can get when your vision isn't how you think it should be. It's always nice to have a doctor who has experienced what you are experiencing firsthand.  At times Dr. Bilon can be conservative in his treatment or recommendation, but that is simply because of the importance that he places on your health and eyesight.  I trust Dr. Bilon and his staff without reservation and routinely recommend him to my friends.  God willing, I will still be seeing Dr. Bilon twenty years from now.
5	After seeing 3 other optometrists over the last 4 years, I was pleasantly surprised by how Dr. Bilon really listened to me!    He has a wonderful casual yet informative way of discussing your eyes.     He also incorporates a bit of holistic care in his practice which is quite refreshing in such a medicine minded world.
5	Super friendly staff, accommodating, and thorough.  I couldn't come on a day they usually do exams but they squeezed me in.  I'm sure this isn't normal practice for them, but I was ecstatic that they were able to do it.  I definitely recommend.
