5	Jose is exactly the man and the local business that Yelp is all about... If you are looking for a tailor for alterations of any kind, please go see Jose.  He is a sweet, kind, professional gentleman that is great at what he does!  He's been in business for years.  Please look beyond the fact that his shop may smell a bit like your grandmother's attic - I see it like he's got that many years of experience under his belt!I just happened to come across Jose one day when I was shopping at 'Active Body' - (will review that one later).  A woman there recommended that I go to Jose to get my new jeans hemmed (and yes, he can keep the original bottom by request).  I've been so impressed with Jose's work that I've been back time and time again with not only jeans that need alterations, but formal dresses and more!Jose is affordable and will do a quick turnaround if you ask nicely and smile sweetly :)Go give Jose a chance next time you need something altered, sewn, etc... he deserves it!
5	Oh how I love Jose and his tailor skills!  A friend recommended this place to me when I had to get one of many bridesmaides dresses altered.  It's back in an older strip mall, by Active Body, and upstairs but once you find it you won't go anywhere else.  He's a quiet, sweet man who knows his stuff.....and will get it done quickly.
2	Well..... He is a nice enough guy.....  That is the best thing I can say.... So I just got back from San Francisco with two, thousand dollar suits that I got at Macy's Mens store on the most unreal deal I have ever come across. Completely thrilled, I brought the suits home to Scottsdale and looked up tailors on yelp right away to find someone I could trust to make them perfect. I took Meg and Gabi's advice on this shop. First off, the bill to work these suits that almost fit as they were was over $200!!!!!!!  OK, I suppose I can deal with that if the guy is really good.... I go to pick them up and of the four items, one pair of pants was right, the other were too small and both jackets were too small!!!! Are you kidding me? Granted, they are being reworked, but I was really surprised and disappointed....
5	Oh my I've written some stellar reviews in the past, but this one takes the cake! I was recommended Jose by a friend who raved about his tailoring services. She mentioned he was a bit pricey but its worth it for any important garments.  I waited until I really needed his help... a wedding to go to. I had two long oversized vintage dresses that I adored but that needed serious help before I could wear them in public. I took them both to Jose knowing that this was no small tailoring job like just a hem...he needed to take them up, take them in, and make a lot of changes  - this was major work.... and he did not dissapoint! I had some ideas of what I wanted done and he worked with me to carry out my vision perfectly!! He shortened them, added a bubble skirt to one, made me belts with the extra fabric... it was a dream. When I came to pick them up (in TWO days!!!) and tried them on I was just floored at how amazing they looked! he has such an eye, such skill, and the seamstresses that work with him are incredible! It was the best experience ever! money well spent and I have two gorgeous one -of-a-kind dresses that he basically designed! supertailor!!!
2	I have to say that I really don't like writing bad reviews but I just must recount a recent experience with Jose is Your Tailor that was VERY different from my original review. As I said in my original sentiments, I had a great first experience here and was VERY happy and content with two beautiful dresses... so when I had a black blazer and vintage fur vest to tailor in 2 days I knew this guy can do the job. I ran over there with my clothing. He was pleasant, measured me and said he can complete the job in time... I left happy...When I came back to pick it up  though... well I turned my smile upside down... firstly, he informed me that he was unable to do my vest bc it was "too thick" for the machine huh???.... disappointing! He was able to tailor my black jacket but quoted me SIXTY dollars!! really?? the jacket cost me $30 on sale!!! Now I admit it was my mistake to drop off the items without insisting on a pre-job quote (I asked how much it would cost but he told me he can't know until he does the work) I was furious!! this is ridiculously over-priced! I talked him down to 40 bucks in increments of 5 dollars... then I just gave him the money and walked out of there.... wah wah wahhhh.... hmmm still debating whether I'd ever go back there again.
5	Awesome place. Only guy who answered his phone on the Monday after 4th of July. Had the work done in less than 24 hrs!
4	I've only been once so far but the work that Jose did was top notch.  Not the cheapest tailor but you get what you pay for in terms of quality work and a very professional attitude. I will definitely be back here for alterations in future and will think hard about having some bespoke clothing made.
5	Great work and very professional at reasonable prices. I am very demanding with my tailoring and will be back again.
5	I can thoroughly recommend this "old-style European" tailor for your alterations.   I purchased an expensive blue blazer at The Wizard of Aahs online store (http://www.thewizardofaahs.com/ - another great recommendation) knowing that it would need alterations.  I took it to Jose who did a very professional job of taking in the jacket for the reasonable price of $60, with a three-day turnaround.
1	Very unhappy with my alterations here. Almost everytime I've had pants shortened one leg was shorter/longer than the other. My dresses have had one side hanging on the floor and the other side perfect. I've had to go back and have things fixed many times. The last time, 3 different pairs of pants were completely uneven and Jose said he would fix them for me. I picked them up, tried them on at home and absolutely nothing was fixed. Either he didn't want to be bothered again or thought maybe he had done it. He seems like a sweet man but he can't sew a straight line. I've been going to Nadya at Frank Llyod Wright and Thompson Peak and she is AMAZING!! She fixed everything for me and it's all perfect!
5	Jose is indeed my tailor!  I have been through a gauntlet of so-so, and horrible tailors in the valley, but this place is outstanding!  The repair I needed was not an easy one either (bandage dress), but they made it look spiffy and new.  This place is cash-only, like most 'mom and pap' tailors.  Jose's was very reasonable and had my dress repaired within a day.  What more could you ask for from a tailor?  They are now my go to place for my tailoring needs.
5	Fantastic!!!!  I needed my suit tailored ASAP for my commissioning ceremony for the US Navy. I called up on Saturday morning, about 10:00 am, and Jose answered and promised it would be done by five the SAME day. I arrived at his haberdashery (up the stairs), and he got right to work. I had  expected that he would only be able to tailor the suit jacket, given this was a super rush order. He had me put on he jacket, pinned me up, and suggested tailoring it with a more European cut. He clearly has skills, so I deferred to his expertise. He then had me try the matching vest and trousers. I've lost about twenty pounds preparing for the Navy, and the whole suit needed to be redone. I suggested I could simply cinch up the pants with a belt, but he would have none of itI arrived at 4:45 and put on he finished product. Magnificent!  Perfect tailoring. It's really a new suit. We then got to chatting about music and our interests. Jose burst into an aria as I stood with my ticket in hand. Even after only spending 30 minutes this man I felt really treated to one who is so alive in this world of zombies.  I can only say it's an experience. And it was awesome!Truthfully, it wasn't cheap, but for the quality of the work and the same day service, it was well worth it, far less than what a new suit would cost (which, in essence, is what I got). I left another jacket to be tailored and expect the best again.If you want it done right, plunk down the cash.  Go with this master of his craft
1	Really poor work. I took two pairs of pants here because I needed them quickly and my normal tailor was closed. Both pair were expensive and had never been hemmed. Jose is a nice guy, but they really did a hack job. When I picked them up there were still threads hanging from them. Of course, I failed to bring the shoes that they used when measuring my length, therefore I couldn't try them for fit. When I got home and tried them it was clear that they were at least 3/4" short. Unfortunately I had a flight the next morning and had no chance to go back for the next few weeks. I was so disgusted that I took them to another tailor who had a hard time hemming them to the proper length since Jose had cut them too short. Stay away from this place.
