4	Friendly, knowledgable staff explains repairs without talking down to you and helps prioritize recommended service.  Pete, in particular, is always a pleasure to work with.
1	I bought my car from Berge Mazda two years ago, but quickly stopped taking it in for service there.  They charged about $60 for my car's inspection (which pretty much amounted to nothing more than a traditional oil change, fluid topping, and tire rotation).  Then they showed me that there was something lodged in my tire.  They said it was too big to repair and wanted $150 to replace the single tire.  After having a good laugh, I took my car to a Discount Tire Co. and they repaired the damage for free.  It turned out the thing lodged in my tire was a drill bit.
5	Impeccable service department!! I was very impressed with the level of service provided!
5	The service here was great! You always hear the horror stories about going to a dealership and having the pesky salesmen follow and harass you. This definitely wasn't the case for me.I arrived and was treated great! They went through the options I could afford and found the best deal for me....I ended up purchasing a car that day.It has now been a month and a half and I had to call about a question...they still remembered me and were very nice and helpful. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking to purchase your next vehicle.Jeff and Barry are great!
2	BEWARE OF THE BAIT & SWITCH!!!!!  I was shopping for the Mazda 3 and was shopping many dealers and everyone offered me the same price for my trade except Berge, they were $2,500 low and wouldn't budge. They did offer me a "very agressive price" on the new Mazda so I called their bluff I said i'll buy your car at the "very agressive price" and i'll keep my other car, after a pause on the phone the salesman Tom said he'd have to check about possibly some better financing than I already had, about 30 minutes later one of the many sales managers called me and said they made an "honest mistake with their price" and the new price would be $2,500 more than originally quoted... coincidence?  I think not.  Needless to say I moved on and purchased a Toyota which is probably a better car in the long run.If dealers would just be honest they would have alot better reputation.  They had their offer on the table for over a week and nobody noticed the numbers weren't right.....please
5	Vince Medina and his customer service make all the difference.  Appointments are easy to set over the phone or on-line and I have nothing but good things to say about my experience here at Berge Mazda.  I have been a customer here for two years since switching from another dealership and have never looked back.  I am happy here and will be a customer as long as Vince is  there.
1	I went in to look at the Mazda CX-5 and was not impressed with the service. The sales guy was acting put out that I was even there, needless to say I took my business elsewhere.
5	Brought my Mazda CX7 in for repairs.  Vince was great.  He kept me informed about my car through out the day.  It sucks being without a car. Had mine back in 1 day.
5	Just bought a Mazda3 with my wife and daughter.  Lets face it, the process sucks but Jim (sales mgr), Jeremiah  and finance guy Tom  were extremely professional and fair  which is all too rare in the auto business.   Would definitely return for another car.
5	I have given Berge all of my service business since 2007.  I will echo the other reviews re:  Vince Medina--he is the best.  Mike in Service is a great fellow as well.  The techs are top-notch and work fast.  I have never been "gouged" in terms of price or an attempted, unnecessary "upsell" as I have at other dealerships in the past.  They have a customer for life.  If the time ever comes for me to buy another Mazda, they'll have that business as well.  THANK YOU for such great service!
5	We've had our 2012 EOS serviced at Berg VW twice and both experiences were top notch. The service advisors were knowledgable and friendly. We had a problem with the programming in one of the keys which was reprogrammed and works fine now. Can't think of anything that could have been better and the best part is it was all free!
1	I'm starting to get the impression that you are not supposed to expect a good experience when working with a car dealership. Everyone I talk to is like "Oh yeah, that's dealers for you." What?? I wish I had known this!! The story of my experience is long. That's mostly because I went in to this dealership in Aug., they didn't complete my financing until late Sept. and it's October and I still haven't received my license plates! I had to go to the MVD today, wait for an hour, pay the replacement fee to get my new plate, because I figured that was easier than dealing with this dealership anymore! There were one or two involved in my experience that were pleasant and seemed somewhat genuine. The rest, were shady at best. They would dodge my calls, tell me anything to get rid of me. They had my vehicle that I was trading in-PAID FOR and worth more than the car I was getting from them. Twice I had to threaten to come get my car from them if they could not close my deal or call me back with real honest answers about the loan they were trying to finance me for. Only then, did I get anyone to get back to me. They tried to get me financed through a bank that told me on the phone I didn't even qualify for the type of loan they were trying to get me! The whole process took almost 5 weeks, the whole time, yes I had their car, but they also had mine. And the money that I was supposed to be receiving back from the deal!! This whole experience was more of a nightmare than I ever could have imagined. It's unfortunate that one business and one group of sales/finance people can ruin your opinion of what should be an exciting thing! I had a Lexus before, went through the Lexus dealership 3 years ago and I had a great experience. Too bad Berge. You've lost a customer for life!
1	We took our car in there for the normal service, oil change, tire rotate, bah bah bah...  200 plus bucks, which is expensive, but we like to say that all the cars service has been done at the dealership when we go to sale a car.  We will never bring our car back to these jokers.  When we picked up the car, the steering wheel was starched and gashed.  We took it right back in and they immediately said they didn't do it and that it was normal wear and tear.  Then the manager tried to say make-up from my wife was the issue,  it's my daily driver and I don't wear makeup and last time I checked makeup doesn't gash faces when applied.  They then offered to replace the steer wheel that they supposedly didn't damage at employee pricing with no labor.  Umm if you didn't do the damage why would you offer to do that.  The fact is that they knew they did the damage, but still tried to get into my pocket book for more money. It was very clear the gash was new because of the color and where it was at.  I wouldn't even let these guys service a kids hot wheels car......  VERY BAD SERVICE!
5	I got a coupon in the mail for a free oil change here so I decided to bring my Mazda by. Austin in the service department was so nice and thorough. He brought a few issues to my attention and I completely trusted him. He ran through the list of items that needed attention and made sure I understood everything. I think I found my new shop for service and repairs!
5	I'm sure everyone has heard the "never go to the dealer for service" mantra before, and that's sound advice in general.  However, Berge Mazda has been the exception to the rule in my experience.  I bought my 2010 Mazda3 from Earnhardt just prior to them ripping the Mazda signs off their buildings and More Mazda becoming the new dealer in Tempe.  I've never had a worse service experience than I have had at More Mazda.  They pretended that issues that I found were not there and simply refused to correct them.  After my interactions there, I knew I couldn't go back there for service.I've had my 2010 for 4 years now, and have had some maintenance work and warranty work done at Berge.  Vince in their service department is friendly, knowledgeable and seems to actually care about his customers.  I noticed this morning that my car's dash began to separate.  The Phoenix heat must have done a number it.  Despite cracking my windows and putting up a visor, the glue in the dash lost its adhesive power.  Even though my car is well out of warranty, I brought it in on a whim to see if there happens to be a common issue with the dash that would allow them to still repair it.  No, it's not a warranty part for my car, but that didn't stop Vince from replacing my entire dash at no charge.Now in all caps: THEY REPLACED MY ENTIRE DASH THAT WAS NOT UNDER WARRANTY FOR NO CHARGE!They didn't even bother trying to repair it which I think would have been a more than acceptable alternative.  I now have a new dash panel for no other reason than the fact that I'm a repeat customer there.  The new dash also came with two bonus features.  The first is that it appears to have eliminated a pesky rattle near the driver's side air vent that was part of the dash that could not be repaired under warranty since rattles are only covered for about 10,000 miles.  The second is the new car smell returning due to the new piece.  It may not last long, but it's pretty cool to have that in my four year old car.Vince is seriously great at customer service, and that is a rarity.
5	Holy cow! We came from Dallas to help our daughter (post-college) buy a new-to-her car, and had a great experience at Berge. We were in a big hurry to get things rolling before the daughter had to get to work, so just laid it all out for Jeremiah, the sales guy. We need:   basic transportation, reliable, good gas mileage, low maintenance, and a good combination of mileage/age and price. Narrowed it down and got the ball rolling on our purchase within 45 minutes. Payment ended up being less than we asked for, even though the down-payment was less than they asked for.We were not prepared with titles (trading a car and a motorcycle), but did everything else possible. We went back after daughter got off work (8pm), and ended up keeping those people until 10:45 doing all the paperwork! I felt bad for keeping them so late, but they were great about it. (We were sharing cat videos while the paperwork was being drawn up). They explained things so my daughter understood what was going on, and they will even come to her apartment tomorrow to pick up the motorcycle and titles! After work tomorrow (again, 8pm), we will go back one last time to pick up the keys. Just in time for an upcoming road trip.I should add that the daughter is moving out-of-state in a few weeks, and the dealer is arranging to have Texas tags for her car, instead of the Arizona ones which would be immediately useless. That was awesome and unexpected. Very good experience, and although I personally am a Camry person, I will consider a Mazda next time. I would recommend this dealership to my friends in the Phoenix area, and I can't say enough good about our salesman and the staff at Berge.
5	Buying my car at Berge was the best experience at a dealership I could ask for, and then some.The salesman with whom I worked was Mark Osier. He has a no-pressure persona and made sure I got exactly what I wanted and needed. I actually never considered him a salesman the entire time, I looked at him simply as a person who shattered all the stereotypes of a car salesman. He and the rest of the staff was very helpful and knowledgable throughout the entire car-buying process.Buy a car from Berge Mazda and make sure your salesman is Mark (he works at the VW dealership next door, too).
5	An excellent place to buy a car! I recently purchased a Mazda6 from here and the whole process, test drive and paperwork included took all of three hours. I owe this excellent experience to Peter Vallejo, Derek, and the rest of the team that helped me get home in my sweet new Mazda. I highly recommend buying your Mazda from here!
2	This is for the service dept.They seem honest,  and there is a nice waiting area with popcorn, water, and toys for the kids.However, they consistently take over an hour for an oil change/tire rotate. This time I said no tire rotate, and we have been here 1.5hrs. They are apparently too busy? Need to hire more mechanics and/or not double-book people.  Other than the fact that they are in  no rush to get you on your way, things are great here.
