4	There was a pang of terror when I was told that the MK Outlet on Charleston (Premium Outlets) no longer carried a clothing selection. That quickly turned into a sigh of relief when I was told that their store at the Las Vegas Outlet Center (aka the crappy outlet) would be carrying clothes.I made my way here (three times this last month actually) to scrutinize the clothing selections. I'm happy to report that this new store is perfection personified. Beautiful clothing made with luxurious fabrics and put together so expertly. Prices are also excellent for such well-made clothing. I am not one who appreciates MK accessories but I do have a penchant for their clothes and this store delivers a solid selection for purchase. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and it doesn't hurt that the outlet mall has been revamped to cease to be an eyesore. Have I also mentioned that the prices here are unbeatable?
4	i came in here first because it seemed that the Coach outlet had a Justin Beiber sighting or something cause the line was out the door and into the velvet ropes! the MK outlet was less inundated this holiday shopping season. they had some really nice stuff. they actually came highly recommended by some filipino aunties who LOVE purses! i intended on coming in regardless, but, wasn't really sure about buying here. i had my heart set on Coach. the staff here was really helpful. soon as i walked in, they offered help, but didn't pressure. even the little lady who told me to stop taking pictures offered to help me find something. the prices were good, but, i found out later on the Coach prices were much better. i know mama likes MK, but, i wanted to go with old dependable. however, if she's good, maybe i'll come back and grab a little something for mama from here. overall, great store and decent prices.
5	Great Michael Kors store! It is a bit small or maybe it just seems small because it's always super packed in there. I think ever Michael Kors outlet store is always super packed though. The sales associates are super friendly and have great customer service skills. My husband purchased a purse for me at the other location on Charleston and I noticed there was a little rip on the purse. It was the last one so they advised us to go to this one because they had more there. They held the purse for me and they were very helpful! Great store and you can't go wrong with Michael Kors! :-)
1	Horrible customer service! Snickers behind your back as if you can't hear/see them. FYI bitches, i aint deaf/blind!
2	The Good: Can't go wrong with outlet prices, with lower tax (compared to cali) it's a nice place to buy without costing too too much. The store has relatively newer items compared to the Primm outlet store with saffiano items in display.The bad: the store is always packed with people and there's not so much of a walking space either. The Ugly: CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE. Yes it's all caps because it's the only way I can make my words come across with the horrid customer service they have. I had purchased something from the Primm for mother's day, decided to take a quick peek at this store and I decided another bag would be better suited for my mommy. Lo and behold when I was discussing this issue with the guy at the register. He was just so standoffish and not accommodating at all. Standing at the register for more 20 minutes or so without any update of what the hell is going on. When the return/exchange was almost complete he said he couldn't credit back the remaining balance, so I had to look for something close to the balance account. When I told him I needed time to look around and decide he just gave me a look and a sigh of being annoyed. Well, sorry to be such a nuisance mister. But I AM a paying customer you know. He could've said those terms while I was standing there for 20 mins doing nothing. Not going back here ever again.
2	I think I'm just not that type of person that likes MMichael Kors, every time I end up looking inside this store, I never can find anything to buy. I had a $100.00 gift card from my mom and I needed to buy something.I ended up walking around, the store is quite large here but everything just seemed over done. The Michael Kors logo on the bags just seemed too large for me and I found it to be a little bit tacky in a way. Customer service was fine they are attentive to your needs but really they should sell items that looked a lot better...
1	I came into store with a picture of the purse I am looking for. Associate informed the that purse doesn't come with the color I am looking for and made me purchase the color they have, just to close to deal. Then, I found the one I am looking for at the Macy's. This so unethical. They just wasted my time & money. Now, i have to wait for return process. Wait couple days to receive money in my account.
1	Worst product for the price. One month after getting a $400 handbag from Michael Kors, it started to peel off on the handles and the body was falling. Went to store with receipt for help and was treated like s***. Michael Kors never again!
1	While I definitely am grateful for those that write reviews, I am not one to ever write a review.  However, the customer service was so awful that I decided to write my very first review.  I went in the store to return a gift.  While I did not have a gift receipt, I explained to the lady that I understood this fact and wished to have a merchandise credit for the current selling price.  The lady scanned the item, which was selling for more than 50% less than the price marked on the price tag.  She left to look for a manager without telling me she would be back.  After waiting for about 5 minutes, she came back and said they could not accept the return because it had been more than 30 days and there was nothing they could do (*I had mentioned that I received a little over a month ago, but as there was no outlet near where I live, I waited until I went on vacation to return).  Yes, I understand the return was not within their return policy.  However, I guess I am used to superb customer services at other stores and associates being very accommodating.  I guess this teaches me a lesson...never shop at outlet stores (or at least not Michael Kors outlet)!
1	This is the most unwelcoming store I've ever walked into. The women (all 4 + 1 male) saw me come in & did not greet me or make me feel welcomed. They were attentive to the older shoppers. And they were more focused on conversing with each other & talking about what they did last night.  These sales associates are the most snobby sales rep. They should treat everyone with the same respect. I shop at the Micheal Kors in the Venetian & those sales rep are always friendly & attentive. It was the first & last time I will walk into this outlet.  The worst customer service ever!!! They did have some good deals but because I was ignored I refuse to buy from them. Shame on all of you sales rep who worked on 3/08/14.I called this store to ask for the store manger. A male stating he was a supervisor placed me on hold and then slammed the phone thus disconnecting the line. Unbelievable. Lol.
1	Worst customer service ever. Clearly working on commission. They only help people who look like they could afford expensive stuff. I'm on vacation and I'm willing to spend money. Michael Kors Hawaii has way better customer service than here. I think I can wait til I get home for a new watch. Avoid the tall white girl with short blond hair and the lady with an accent. They ignored my family and I while we were shopping.
5	I walked into the store I was greeted by a beautiful girl I was out in the city looking for a new clutch because earlier that morning my clutch zipper broke on my previous handbag and I lost $246 so I was just going to treat myself buy a new clutch I checked a couple other stores in the outlets and when I walked back in the Michael Kors because I decided on a handbag I seen earlier I was greeted by the same woman welcome back I love that she took note that I had returned I went back and picked up the clutch that I found earlier I proceeded to check out the gentleman came up from the register and came to the ropes to greet me walked me over to the register continue to chat with me about my Ohio State University hoodie while he rung me out while he was talking to me about my clutch he showed me some really cool cell phone cases so I decided also purchased a cell phone case at the last minute he then checked me out came out from behind the cash wrap and handed my back to me very awesome customer service and a beautiful bag and I am loving my cell phone case I will definitely definitely go back again!!!
