4	This little gem is tucked away, just north of McDowell on 87th St. The owner and workers are fabulous and fun. They have more in the back that you dont see (because its TINY). They also have a constant stream of people coming through. They''re certainly doing something right!
5	The best salsa in town, for their style (blended restaurant). Bobette the owner, and salsa genius is usually there and I believe that the rest of her family helps her run the place.So beyond the salsa, it's one of those convenience stores that has everything, from booze to snacks to slush puppies, a real throwback to the mid-90s and it seems like they haven't raised their prices since then. The salsa runs $2 for 8oz and $5 for 32oz, and they had a special the other day, 12-32oz Budweiser bottles for $12, but that sold out quick and now I have a fridge full of Buds.One more thing, it's a little set back from the McDowell and honestly never noticed it until my friend told me about, even though I live down the street. And if there's a line of cars, park and go inside.
5	Always has what you need! Neighborhood grocer nice people reasonable prices great service holly recommend
4	I didn't know this place had a name! Such a fun little convenience store. It's a mix between a Circle K/QT and a drive-thru liquor store. There tends to always be a small line of cars, but the staff will come out to you and get what you need. I really enjoy going because of its charming divey feel, nice owners and decent selection for the size of the store. It seems like they've been around a while and have cultivated a strong patron base.A couple things to keep in mind:Bring cash if you can. There is a small fee (40 cents) if you use credit or debit under $10 dollars.They serve fountain drinks in styrofoam cups of various sizes. Pepsi products only for those.I live close by so this has become my designated "gas station run" spot. Looking forward to checking out all of the different items they have available in this hole-in-the wall dime off McDowell/87th St.
5	This place has the best salsa and great prices! it is made fresh every day and can't beat it!!
5	$1 LARGE slush puppies. That takes the cake. Also their salsa is pretty good and spicy. Scored both for less than $3.
5	I've been going to this little convenience store all off my life.  I love having a little store in my neighborhood!  Milk Depot has helped me out so many times, when I forgot something at the store, ie: butter, eggs, popcorn, drinks, etc..  The workers are friendly, too.  They clean the establishment really well, too.  I often see them spraying down their parking lot and drive-through.  I also see them mopping, rearranging, and organizing often.  I like how funny the workers are, I can joke with them all of the time.  :-)  Great workers, great place.
5	Drive thru service, hell yeah!
5	Denny and Bobbette are our business neighbors. The home-made salsa is wonderful and always fresh and in stock. Just grab a bag of corn chips, a six-pack of your favorite beverage and you're all set. They are always friendly and seem to have everything I need when I need it. They offer iced tea from the fountain which is fresh and never bitter.
