4	Great location.  Easy walk to "center" of town (2 blocks).  Plenty of places to eat near-by.Rooms are typical Courtyard fare, but the difference here is that it is located in an office tower.  Lobby is separated nicely on the ground floor with the guest rooms (4 floors worth) starting on about the 10th floor.  I was fortunate enough to be on the top floor with great views North.Free internet and a very nice breakfast service make it a great choice....I just can't pay $15 for internet access when hotels that are just as nice are offering it for free...at a cheaper rate!!...and sometimes with free breakfast!!
5	Great Staff +  Great Location = Great FUN! I stayed at this location  twice once to go to a Carolina Panthers game and recently while helping a friend move to Uptown Charlotte. All I can say is WOW. From this time from the last , this Courtyard has had renovations. Flat screens, wireless internet, new decor, totally new. This hotel is very clean. Rooms are a really nice size.  We had a ball here. They have a really cute bar too.
4	This hotel was on top of a garage and the hotel makes a U and in the middle of the U you have the pool. It has a small gym which as nice.
4	Courtyard Marriott is fantastic choice in terms of location & convenience Traveling for work brings me to Charlotte & this Marriott is literally right across the street from my office Comfy bed w/ good pillows - score! Quiet!! Couldn't hear neighbors Bathroom was big & shower rocked! FREE Wifi! LOTS of restaurants close by to take care of any & all cravings No fridge.... :-(( And through no fault of their own, it doesn't directly connect to the overground tunnels that connect all the other buildings in Uptown ... you gotta go all the way downstairs & then over to the Parking Garage to gain access But with the office right across the street, I *guess* I can make the sacrifice & walk outdoors. Lots of love for Courtyard!
2	The hotel was nice and clean, the staff was courteous and it is in a great location but for the cost of $500 for 2 nights I was quite disappointed.  There was no lounge (however they were in the process of remodeling during my stay), the pillows were less than great (so I suggest you bring your own), there was no fridge or microwave in the room and the bathroom was rather small.  Look around before you book and good luck!
5	I checked in here for 3 nights. The location is great...right in the center of downtown. The hotel is not your typical suburban courtyard. It has a fantastic updated lobby allowing people to eat, check email, watch the large flat screen and just mingle! Great social feel! The hotel is about 2 blocks from the light rail and convention center. 4 blocks from the arena and NASCAR; and 6 blocks from the stadium. The gym is sufficient, and there is a coin laundry facility. The internal courtyard (10 stories up) contains a pool.Downs: I did have a security issue my last night. I was awakened at about 1:00 am by a man banging on the door. He had the wrong room but was clearly too drunk to understand. When I refused to answer he banked harder and eventually started breaking property. I called the lobby and they said they would take care of it. I never heard any security, nor did i receive a call back from the desk. The next morning there was a shattered coffee mug outside my door. The desk never seemed to hrasp how freightening the whole affair was. This needs to be addressed. Definitely a great hotel that offers far more than expected!!
5	I absolutely LOVED the Courtyard Marriott, perfect location, service, and room amenities. The parking garages above the building is a fantastic idea. I love that they connect so that you don't have to wheel your stuff all over the place. The overall place just feels warm, cozy, and safe. Nothing like Cleveland. Although it was pricey, (about $200) it was absolutely worth our king room. The bathroom was a good size, our bed was very comfortable, and the huge flat screen was awesome. Now location: You are literally right in the middle of EVERYTHING! The mimosa restaurant is about 30 ft away, so are lots of tourist-y things too. I loved being right in the heart of downtown Charlotte. It was really a sight I won't ever forget!
2	A step down from most courtyards.  The overall hotel - lobby area and hallways - absolutely reeked of stale frying oil.  If you keep your fan on then the smell isn't in the room.  But the fan/air conditioner is pretty noisy.  The walls were paper thin.  I was awakened by the cell-phone alarm of the person in the next room.  The next night I heard more than I really wanted to of a conversation between the woman staying in the room next door and her husband at home.  The room itself was clean and comfortable, but the overall experience was not good.
4	this was a really nice hotel and located in the thick of things in charlotte.  of course, it was made even better by the fact that it seems kt m. can stay at any marriott for free:).  convenient parking garage, clean rooms, good coffee.  what more could you want in a hotel you stay in for a quick one night stay?  nada.  not the restaurant.  nada as in "nothing."  nevermind.
2	The staff is super friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and well appointed. The breakfast is meh, but that's not the problem. I'm guessing their HVAC intake unit is next to restaurants' exhaust, because the place reeks of frying oil. Also walls are paper thin. Otherwise, the location is great. Wish they would look into this smell issue.
4	Was just in Charlotte to visit my sister and stayed here with the hubby. It is nice. The lobby is hidden in the main level below a 11 story parking garage and then the four actual floors of the hotel are above that. They have an outdoor roof top pool with plenty of tables and chairs. It gets some sun but can be hidden at times as three sides of the pool are surrounded by the four floors of rooms. With that said it can be chilly (not a heated pool) but granted we were here in may......thought there was a hot tub but no such luck......nice workout room with tv's on each machine. Also has a guest laundry. THe room we had was nice. Comfy. Pillows were way to soft for my taste. But nice firm mattress. we had a room that was level with the pool which was nice and didn't really hear any noise from guests out there. Nice location for the downtown area (well I guess they call it uptown). Lots of restaurants and if you are in the area doing business a great spot. not much going on weekend wise in May (other than JWU graduation this weekend). would stay here again for the price and location if I ever find myself there again.
4	When I was on one of my many trips to Charlotte to help my sister get her new house situated.  Low and behold we had issues with getting the water set up.  To make a long story short, we weren't going to spend the night in a house without any water, so we needed a place to stay.  Since it was the middle of the week and not the weekend, I was looking for something decent that was under $175 a night.  With AAA, I was able to score a room for $158 (before tax) a night.It was nice, because we got there around 10PM, and were able to get a room no problem (did NOT make reservations).  The gentleman at the front desk was very friendly and got us situated immediately.  I liked the fact how there is 10 stories of parking, and then the hotel (which explains how/why the elevator ride was longer than expected).  We were on H1, the main floor.  They even had a pool (didn't bring the trunks though)!  Sis brought her son (6mos) and we asked for a crib. They brought it up immediately, and were very friendly.  We had 2 queen beds, a 30ish inch TV, and plenty of space. The room itself was immaculate, and I was impressed.  The bathroom was also very clean, but you could tell it was dated (compared to the sleeping area).All in all, I got plenty of sleep (but apparently I snored enough sis wanted to smother me- I told her thats what happens when my sinuses are dried!) and it was a great time.We didn't utilize any services/bar/fitness- but WiFi was included with the room.  We parked there- which was $10/night, and all you needed was your room key to get in and out.AAA rates this place 3diamond, and I give it 4 stars while being in that category (as I have unfortunately given 4diamond hotels a 2 star rating, if that makes sense).  So for the type of hotel this is and the location, it is def a great choice.  Good job Marriott!
1	Disappointed from the moment I walked in.Lazy staff makes you consider how Marriott can lend its name to such a place.   Check in staff spoke so quietly and had little interest in speaking up, I had to ask questions multiple times. I checked in at 11pm...After traveling, I shouldn't feel more awake than the hotel staff. At 7:35am I wake up to pounding on my door and the door opening. I slam it shut out of reflex. Whoever it was didn't announce who they were. I tried to call down to the front desk - the phone didn't work.  When I questioned the concierge they said it was too early for the maid and knew nothing about it. I had my room changed. As I'm walking to change rooms I see the maid knocking and entering rooms with no announcement. People were not happy.  When I told the concierge this, he rolled his eyes and said, yea I believe it.  When I returned to my room after a long day, the only thing the maid did was make my bed. Towels weren't replaced or even rehung! The trash was still in the trash can, sink wasn't cleaned, and wash cloths weren't replaced or even folded!!  The price is too high for this service and Marriott name association. There are many hotels in this area, don't choose this one!
4	We stayed for a Panthers game & were pleased.  Great location. Could walk everywhere & were able to leave the car until after the game at no extra charge.  Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was comfy and clean.
3	Pretty nice hotel.  Good location downtown.  Not much to say about it, if you have stayed at a Courtyard before it will meet expectations.  I remember the bartender being incredibly slow when I was there.  And there is a good breakfast place close by on 3rd St.
2	To start, obviously I have given this hotel a poor rating, and with good reason. I arrived around 4 on a Sunday afternoon and decided to get cleaned up before I did anything else since I had just driven 9 hours. The shower not only showed some wear and tear issues like water stains and grout issues, when I got in I noticed a black hair on my arm (I have dark blonde/light brown hair). Then, I actually looked around (which I guess I should have done before stepping in) and saw what seemed like a whole head of long black hair in the tub and on the walls. EW...is there anything more disgusting than someone else's hair in your shower??? Obviously this bathroom had not been cleaned! So...since I was thoroughly grossed out and I knew I would be showering again I decided to call the guest services to have someone take care of it. They asked if I wanted to switch rooms or have someone come to clean it, I opted for someone coming to clean since I had already gotten a bunch of my stuff out. A cleaning woman and what seemed like a supervisor showed up quickly, which was great, but they did not introduce themselves, apologize, or say anything while they were inspecting my bathroom for what seemed to me like 2 seconds.  Then they just left the room without saying a word! I was left sitting and wondering if someone would  be back to clean up or not for at least 10 minutes. Then the same cleaning woman came back alone this time, knocked again, and opened the door (that she had left open with the door lock), walked into where the bed (and I) was located and proceeded to rudely asked me when I had arrived. When I responded with 1 hour ago, she gave me a dirty look and said "Today?? You arrived one hour ago today?," with obvious tone that seemed to mean I don't believe you and that hair in the shower is not there because I didn't clean, but because it must be your hair or someone else's hair that you know. Um...really....Black/ Blonde......HUGE difference and I was in Charlotte by myself for the night, so it wouldn't be anyone else's hair that I know! On a good note, Ruth's Chris Steak House is across the street and is part of the room service dining option. Other than that...DONT WASTE YOUR TIME STAYING HERE...DIRTY room and RUDE staff is a recipe for a horrible stay.  Wish I would have spent the extra $50 and stayed at the Hilton!
4	I stayed here in April 2013 while attending a convention at the Convention center. PROs:--Great location. Many good restaurants and shops nearby. Easy walk to the convention center.--My room with a king size bed was comfortable and spacious.--Staff, with one notable exception, were friendly, helpful, and efficient. The notable exception was a young man who worked the morning shift. He seemed to not really enjoy being there, and customers were a bother to him.--You can get room service from a couple of great restaurants nearby. I tried a meal from Mimosa, which was wonderful, and from Ruth's Chris steakhouse, which was  just okay.--Wireless was free, and connections were not a problem.Apparently, Marriott must have read the previous reviews and make some improvements.--Starbucks downstairsCONS--Would have been nice to have a restaurant and/or in-house room service for breakfast. They do have a breakfast bistro, but I felt like it was drive-in type food for  four-star hotel prices. Also a bar or lounge or ore options for a late night snack or drink.
2	Purpose: for work, stayed here frequently (20+ nights)Pros:- Front-desk staff: extremely friendly and professional. - Location: good location, walking distance to all the places I need to go to.- Security: requires key card to use elevator.- Wifi: free for everyone and decent speed. - Price: always pretty competitive Cons:- Hotel/Rooms: for my first couple of stays, there was always this strange smell that lurked the hallways. Also, the rooms have very noisy AC/Heaters. - Restaurant: highly do not recommend this due to lack of quality and service. Quality: tastes like a bunch of things tossed together and stuck into the oven... not really much thought in taste/presentation. Service: took 30+ minutes for 1 servicing of dumplings... Also, I always get ignored when I try to get their attention to order. There was only 1 lady who actually gave some quality service (though food was still lacking). - No concierge lounge or free breakfast [for rewards members - generally we're given breakfast vouchers or something...]- Key Cards: seem to never work on their first try at the elevator...Overall: I only stay at this hotel when Marriott City Center and Hilton City Center are sold out... The cons I've noted had the most impact on my stays at this hotel, which is why I've rated them 2 stars.
1	I stay here often for work trips, and it's in a great location. The front desk is extremely friendly and helpful. I would normally rate this place with a 4.Not this time.This review is for an issue I have with housekeeping. I recently traveled to Charlotte, and left two items in my room: an umbrella That I didn't want and a pair of glass, which I do still want.I called the hotel, and got back a message that the housekeeping manager looked in the room and didn't see them. Nor did anyone turn in anything from lost and found. This, she assumed, would close the issue. I called back and asked if she had checked the bathroom sink, which is where I left them and which is the same color as my eyeglass case. She hadn't, but said that the housekeeping staff would have checked there, and since no one had turned them in, the items obviously we're not there.I intentionally left my umbrella in the room, because I didn't want it. So i asked if anyone had turned that in...she said no, that no one had turned anything in from my room. she said that if the housekeeper had found the umbrella, it could still be on the housekeeper's cart. So I asked if she would look on the cart for the glasses, and she said no one had turned them in...it went on and on and on. I also asked to speak with the hotel manager, of course, and the guy said he couldn't do anything. Basically, it's obvious the housekeeping manager was not interested in helping me, or really looking into it. She just kept repeating that no one would take my glasses. But really, I just think they're on a cart somewhere. And, in the meantime, I'm  out a $1200 pair of glasses that I had just bought. What also sucks, is that I left a pretty nice tip, too. Yeah, thanks for nothing.Moral: don't leave anything in your room. Don't forget anything, ever. Because you'll never get it back.I will never stay here again.
1	i paid   $ 160 for this room and the bed was awful!!  i will never stay at this hotel again and honestly cannot recommend it to anyone the beds are awful , hard and will hurt your back!! cant sleep on it.
3	This hotel is just meh.  Nothing to write home about except for the fabulous location.  Didn't do anything more than sleep there, so I can't comment on the bistro or anything else.  A good place to stay if you can get a great rate.
2	The Courtyard chain typically is above average and this one WOULD except that as a businessman their internet connection is horrible.   For two days I could not get online with their wireless.    Other than that this is a fine hotel and well run.
2	Way overpriced. Damn, it was 287 bucks for a tiny, non suite room, it made me sad. The staff was very professional and pretty, they made me a little happier. The parking and location was convenient, so I would really give this place 2.5 stars. I'll trying staying at the renaissance next time I think. It was around the same price for that same night! What ?!?
5	Amazing customer service with comfy beds and clean room in convenient location. I've stayed in this hotel on 3 different occasions over the past few years and I plan to book again in the future. Thank you for making me feel at home!
4	Great location, right in the middle of all that is good in downtown Charlotte! I didn't actually stay at the hotel, I had a meeting there. The meeting rooms wee nice,Seats were very comfortable.
4	The hotel is on the freeway- on the plus it's easy to find and great for getting to other places, but it isn't tranquil by any means! The traffic noise didn't bother us though, and the service from all staff at Hotel Angeleno was absolutely fantastic. Great value for the area, particularly as valet parking free! Would recommend- wish we'd stayed long enough to use the inviting-looking pool!!
1	It's so disappointing to write a negative hotel review, especially one that you had good expectations for and were looking forward to for a one night getaway. From the beginning... The hotel and the parking garage were easy to find, (note: once you park, you must leave the parking garage and enter hotel from street.) We didn't receive any greeting whatsoever when we arrived...and I mean when we walked to the front desk. It felt like we were interrupting the conversation going on between staff. It didn't really bother us until after our minute long check in. The lady (who I noticed was wearing a manager tag) didn't look up at us once. But we had our keys and were up to our room. Apparently although the courtyard has an excellent location in downtown Charlotte, it only has a few floors. We were on the third. Room was dated, but still thematically "Courtyard." Unfortunately, a lot of small details made the place seem dirty and cheap. A few examples: no soap, trash or towels in the bathroom. There were a few in the sink area outside of the bathroom but just one soap so we had to move/share between the two areas. It's worth noting they also may want to consider getting soap holders for the sink area. (and yes there's still carpet in this area...) You have to leave the wet soap bar on the edge of the counter. There are no plugs to charge your phone by the night stands. The hotel information book was sticky/water smudged and we couldn't read half of it. The tv was so slow, no channel guide whatsoever and forget about an e-folio or menu. It left a lot to be desired and was far short of the average yet clean/efficient standard Courtyards Hotels stand for. I spoke to another overnight employee during our stay at one point and she was equally cold, unhelpful and made me so ready to get out of this hotel. 0 stars for service. I didn't get a chance to eat in the restaurant but the staff seemed really nice and like mentioned earlier, location of this hotel is fantastic. I literally couldn't think of any other reason for staying here when there are so many other great ones in the area.
