4	The Phoenix metro is all about hidden gems.  Anyone who hates the Valley because "it has no character, everything is a chain" just doesn't know where to go.  Los Sombreros is a prime example of this.  I have known about this place for a while but have never stopped in because, well, it doesn't have much curbside appeal as you roar by on Scottsdale Road in the XXX zone.   Shame on me.  I went this weekend and walking in the back was like being transported to a friendly cantina in Mexico.  The ambiance, service, and food were all delightful.  This is authentic/gourmet type dishes in a casual setting that includes an outdoor patio and bar.  The scale of the whole place is small and intimate.  I had seafood crepes in some kind of avocado sauce.  The plates around me looked equally delightful, from the traditional mole to the carnitas to the mango crab salad.  The pepitas crusted snapper is next on my list to try.   I'll be back again... soon.
5	Los Sombreros is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. The food is always just perfect. The prices are extremely reasonable. I modeled my own guacamole recipe after theirs, it's that good. Try the specials of the day, they're always great. The service has been a little hit & miss for me. Most of the time they're fine. There's this one woman who is extremely unfriendly. I think she just doesn't like me :-) But ya know, with food & ambiance like this, it doesn't bother me if I occasionally end up with a cranky server!
4	Wow. This place caught me off guard the first time I meandered through the door. From the street, it looks like it's going to be another average mexican food joint, but take one step inside and you'll immediately notice that this place has something to offer.The food is the most authentic, best presented Mexican I've ever had at a restaurant in AZ, down the line from apps to desserts. The ambiance is perfect and befitting of a gem like this. Servings are good size, so much so that I found it to be a little pricey for only two, but I highly recommend it on all accounts for groups of four or more.
5	if you want the real deal mexican this is the place... i have never heard of it until i sat next to a lady from mexico city on a plane... right when i landed i went and i fell in love... the food is great and not your tex mex burro and fijatas... a must to check out!!!
5	this was the first restaurant I decided to go too based on my fellow Yelpers, and I thank god I listened to them. You barely notice Los Sombreros from the road, but don't let that fool you. This place has a great little patio with a super friendly staff and great margaritas. Couple that with the best guacamole in the Valley and great dishes like there enchiladas de pollo this is a cant beat place. Great for a chill happy hour. why are you still here? go!....NOW!!!
4	A patio that doesn't just make you look at cars! That's the first thing you'll notice when you get here. On a weekend you can wait about 45 minutes, but just get a designer margarita and enjoy the view and the action.FYI, it's a lot of food. I usually just order an appetizer as my main course.
4	Its one thing to have a great meal, its another to have it consistently every time... The guacamole is a must and my favorite is the smoked chicken enchilada...heaven.
4	I have been here numerous times and love their food and margaritas.  Their chips and salsa and of course the guacamole are extremely good.  If i can remember correctly they do charge for chips.  I also really love their jicama and mandarin salad with a chile lime dressing and their Enchiladas de pollo.
4	This is the best Mexican meal we've had in Phoenix.- Molotes Poblano (spicy):  3 crispy masa patties stuffed generously with chorizo and potato with roasted tomato and a big heap of their popular guacamole - Green Corn Tamales:  2 moist and light tamales filled with a subtly sweet corn filling- Blue Crab Enchiladas: lots of crab with perfectly sauteed squashes and black beansThere was no charge for the large basket of perfectly fried chips and spicy salsa.  Service was super helpful and friendly.  The patio was made even more enjoyable by the cool evening breezes.
5	I love this place.  It's easily my favorite Mexican food in the valley.  Great service, great guacamole, great margaritas.  I've been here 3 times and have never been disappointed by the entrees.Be advised, they don't take reservations, and there is usually a wait on the weekends.  However, if you're going mid-week, it's usually pretty easy to get a table.
5	This is the best mexican place in the phoenix area, except for maybe Barrio Cafe.  The food here is pretty fantastic and the margaritas are tasty (if a bit overpriced).  Considering I pretty much hated all the food in Phoenix or Scottsdale, this review should go pretty far.  The guac is great, the tortilla soup is hearty, filling, and tasty, and the shrimp dish is amazing.  Cheesy, with tortilla strips and loads of shrimp.  Well balanced.  I hate phoenix, but I love sombrero's. Don't get take out, it loses its flavor.  Plus dining outside is pretty dope.
3	I was not that impressed. Ok, bear with me. Let me tell you a little story. My family loves Mexican food. I think I've finally convinced them to forgo On the Border for some better fare. Well, since they were in the Scottsdale area one Saturday afternoon, I thought we'd try Los Sombreros. I said I'd meet them there. Good thing I brought the book I was reading (Summer People by Brian Groh - fantastic). My family was running late, and I discovered that it's a little hard to serve food when you're closed on a busy weekend day. Saturday afternoon? Closed? You're kidding me... Well, I took a spot on a bench and read. Lucky for me, I could text a friend to consider other possibilities in the area. Los Olivos was where we ended up. (Ugh. Don't get me started on that place.) ANYHOW, I thought I'd give Los Sombreros another chance. I met my text-savvy friend the next evening for dinner. I arrived and snatched up a table on the patio. The hostess said it was the most popular table. Go figure, even if it's by all the little propane tanks surrounding the palms. I quickly ordered a Lager and drank happily while I waited. The menu presented a little bit of a challenge. Resist the amazing-looking entrees for dinner (and spare myself $17) or just splurge? I went with the fish tacos, since that's what the waiter recommended. What I got was not expected. Three mini tacos that were a challenge to eat. They reminded me of the signature dish you'd get at Pink Taco. I wasn't impressed. Later that evening, my tummy wasn't impressed, either. So, would I go back? Eh. Maybe. I'd like my family to try this place during operating hours. If I go back, I'll get one of their more appealing dishes, like the lamb or crab. They definitely surprise you with their take on Mexican cuisine. I like the looks of the menu. I just hope not everything they serve leaves me wanting, like those messy, greasy and so-so tacos did. 3 stars for Los Sombrerors.5 stars for Summer People.
2	Our hotel concierge recommended this place.  We sat outside under the heating lamps and the vibe was great.  The appetizers were quite tasty (seafood tacos were yummy while the chorizo fondue was not what we expected but still okay).   The entrees were not that great.  We only had to wait 5 minutes, but then it was also a Sunday night.   Portions are pretty large... we ended up doggy bagging half our entrees.
4	Really good Mexican food. Great bar area and patio... This place is always crowded around dinner time (not a large establishment), but sooooooo worth the wait. I have tried several different things on the menu and I have been impressed each time.Viva Los Sombreros!
3	what better way to end a perfect Spring training baseball day than with a marg, Mexican food and your girlfriends...the local in the group said this place would be crowded on a Sat night, so we weren't surprised with the wait time, but if a place is used to being crowded....they should have a better wait plan. if the bar is full (which it was for a bit), there is not much space to hang and wait, once we got to our table, our waitress spaced....got us water and then never came back. i liked the menu, as it spiced up some of the normal Mexican fare...like the shrimp chilaquiles with chipotle cream sauce that was great! the guac is good, but deceiving as it comes out in this huge mound served in a pestle...in actuality, there is a lot of lettuce on bottom then cup of guac. and my house margarita was more tangy mixer than tequila, kinda ick.i think this place has potential and i might try it again if i could do it on a weeknight, but for now it just gets my average.
4	Good guacamole, nice atmosphere and staff.  I'm still in search of the perfect carne asada though.
2	Didn't like it, but we have the best Mexican in Dallas so I am biased.The margaritas were decent. Salsa was ehh, just had brisket tacos for apps...Cute patio. Live music, as in the guy with guitar singing "la bamba!"Wouldn't go back. Crowd was kind of boring. Other places along Scottsdale Blvd looked way more lively.
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Really nice atmosphere, nice little outdoor bar and the guacamole is to die for!!!! Their carne asada is an actual rib eye and is covered in a flavorful but not spicy red chile sauce. Service is very good, but beware they do not accept reservations.
2	Didn't like the salsa or the chips - and that's a pretty important component of Mexican food. They were kinda rude to us as well... although I will say they were attentive and informative. I guess it's just that they had us feeling like we weren't good enough to eat there. They were pretty strict about substitutions too - as in, they were against them. They don't seem to want to let you have flour tortillas instead of corn. Personally, I find corn tortillas to be quite vile.Another staple they offer that wasn't very impressive was the margarita. It tasted like just a grocery store-bought mix that they stuck expensive tequilla in (if you pay extra - the standard issue is Cuervo). I had some tacos and they were good, but they didn't blow me away. They did end up agreeing to make them with flour tortillas, but as the dish was handed to me I was informed that they would never do it that way for me again. Huh? Wow, so I had a one of a kind meal.My rating may be a little misleading because I think other people would like it more than I did. I think it's a nice environment - cute little restaurant inside, and great patio outside (that would be better when it's not so hot). I want to give this a 2.5, but can't and I don't consider this to be a 3... however, as you can see from the other reviews, I'm in the minority here. I think I may be a little too fussy and cheap to eat here - I like my food simple and they over-complicate the dishes and over-charge for them. They won't let me substitute things (which is something you can't do to a fussy person) or even leave something off the dish. This indicates to me either a level of pretentiousness or some degree of incompetence... I think it's the former rather than the latter. The prices for the entrees are way too high for what you're getting. The value just isn't there for me. My friend says this is his favorite Mexican restaurant, so maybe this might be your kinda place.
4	The best mexican I've ever had, hands down. I've been to all the hyped places; Z'Tejas, Chevy's, Gardunos, Macayos, Tia Rosas, Carlsbad Tavern, Blue Adobe, Arribas, Salty Senoria (horrible), Pink Taco (deplorable). The food here is as quality as I've had with mexican. I find many mexican places give you little taste with a heavy supply of starch and cheese. Their Carnitas and Lamb Chop are slow roasted and bursting with flavor. Margarita and salsa selection leaves a little to be desired, but this place is a can't miss. Save room for dessert, because the Mexican chocolate cream pie is simply amazing.Alright I'm cutting back to 4 stars, the plates are great, but the margaritas could be better, and the chips and salsa leaves something to be desired.
4	Ok...so I am not a big Mexican food fan generally.  I love the idea of it; the big margaritas, always a fun time, but the greasy food usually leaves me not feeling too good after. This is not the case at Los Sombreros!!! The atmosphere is sooooo great -- an old house thats been redone with a great porch and fantastic big outdoor bar.  For food I got the mango crab salad which was amazing!!! Light and refreshing, but incredible flavor.  We also had an awesome watermelon salad and my date had a pork dish that was really good too.  His portion was so big but not overly creasy or heavy...just too much.  Mine was the perfect light meal even though the waitress said it was small; thus they probably are accustomed to big portions. This is not your typical mexican fare.  Everything was very fresh and not too greasy.  The sangria was good and the margaritas were pretty good as well, although not fantastic.  Over all a winner!! Sit at the covered outdoor bar if you can and watch the monsoons come in.  A great date night out!
5	Dude, this is the best Mexican food I have ever had!  This cute, family owned restaurant redefines Mexican food. Take everything you enjoyed about your favorite restaurant, and upgrade it to full scale gourmet, but unpretentious and casually fun!  The staff is all fantastic. The food is AMAZING. t is simple, but beautifully displayed, and the best sauces ever!  They have a full bar, and their margaritas divine.  Plus the bar and outdoor seating with the misters is super great. I cannot say enough good things about this place.  You will not be disappointed.
5	"morrrrre liquor?" My husband teases me by saying that when he wants to go to Los Sombreros. We've been going to Los for at least 4 years. We love the food and we love Steve, the Scottish Bartender. In fact, if we drive through and the place is packed, we'll go have a cocktail somewhere else and then come back...and wait until a seat at the bar opens up. He makes a kick a** patron margarita and knows more about tequila than a person should.:) The seafood crepes are my favorite, my husband gets the enchiladas with mole sauce. I love topping the night off with one of steves - I'm totally going to blow it here- roma pope- It's in a blue glass with melted ice cream and an orange slice and of course- tequila.. Even if it's sweltering hot- go. The patron margaritas make up for it.
5	Forget Macayos Mexican Food!  (I hope you already did) Forget what you knew about Tex Mex or other Mexican restaurants, or wannabes!  Take everything you love about Mexican food and make it gourmet with fabulous presentation, and place it just past downtown Scottsdale.  Los Sombreros is hip and fun with a great bar, wonderful tequila, and a nice outside seating area combined with some of best food I have tasted.  I have thoroughly enjoyed myself each time I have been here, and I will always go back.  Everything I have tried has been excellent.  The staff is friendly, and the restaurant is family owned.  This place is always busy, so there may be a bit of a wait, but I swear it will always be worth it!
5	I thought all was lost in Scottsdale, how could we be living so close to Mexico and not have a descent Mexican restaurant and then I found Los Sombreros. My goodness the food is amazing, the margaritas, to die for. The entire staff was extremely helpful. They just cant go wrong. I have only been there twice and both times I was thoroughly impressed. I had the Enchiladas de pollo my first time, delicious, and my dining partner had the Mole Poblano (He's from Mexico City and he said its one of the best mole hes had in the states) Second time around I had the Tacos dorados, and a few appetizers, the guacamole and the Tortilla soup are a must, they are outrageously awesome. The only down side is it can get pretty warm inside, we ask to move outside to the misted patio and were completely comfortable.
4	How refreshing. A real gourmet mexican (yes, i said that) joint I can ride a bike to. Moving to South Scottsdale, from downtown, has been somewhat frustrating. But being this close to Los Somberos is a big help.I first went several years ago when they were in a strip mall on S. Scottsdale Rd. Got dragged there by a couple local restaurant people who kept raving about it. Shockingly fucking spicy and delicious. One app had us hallucinating. Loved it.Time passed and they opened up this great little house-style location further up the road. Apparently the chef/owner and his wife got divorced. She kept the place. I was worried. But she's making it work fantastically.THINGS TO TRY:steve the bartender's margaritas: you can actually taste the tequila, so call your favorite. i like the patron silver marg. many prefer the cadillac marg that has orange juice. bear in mind, when you are talking, steve is listening. he has ears like a bat. if you don't want him to hear you saying something embarrassing about yourself, don't say it.shrimp fundido: white cheese melted over sauteed fajita-style veggies and big fresh-tasting shrimp. great with corn or flour tortillas.chips: pretty good. the salsas are a little mild for my taste. not bland, they have plenty of tart and sweetness. just wish they were rounded out a little more.smoked chicken tacos: only ask for this when it's already the special. they'll try to accommodate when it isn't the special, but it will pale. when it's a legit special, they use nicely smoked, succulent dark meat. not that cubed up breast junk. i hate chicken breast. 5 stars if they add this to the daily menu.carne asada tacos: consistently best i've had in PHX.carnitas: a very generous, juicy, tender portion. they always happily hand over flour tortillas for me.beef short rib: get this if you require lots of flavor. and by flavor, i mean rendered beef fat.Lots of other stuff on the menu, and always at least one app and one dinner special. Enjoy!
4	The food is FABULOUS.  The service SUCKED.  Capital S SUCKED.My friends and I had been dying to try this place.  We met last night, and started with a drink at the bar.  They had cocktails, and I had a glass of white sangria -- it was pretty good, not fantastic.  The bartender was really nice, and pretty darn cute too (this wasn't the Scottish guy -- which I was sort of hoping to see -- I'm a total sucker for the accent).We ordered the guacamole, which is truly divine.  Chunky, with a good amount of cilantro.  It comes on a bed of cabbage and some a radishes.  My friends thought that was kind of weird, but I thought it was good!  The chips were good, and they came with these weird sort of pinwheel-y things.  I didn't care for them, but my friends liked them.We decided to get a few things for dinner and just share them.  We moved from the bar to our table and ordered the seafood tacos.  They were spectacular!  The fish and shrimp were tender and delicious.  We all raved!Next, we got the carnitas.  The pork was so delicious.  It had a lot of carmelized bits, which are of course my favorite part.  There was a bit of fat on it, which I had to pull off....  Blech.....  But it was so good, I didn't mind the fat removal.  They were served with black beans and rice or veggies and corn tortillas.  I would absolutely recommend this to anybody.  It was around this time that the service REALLY got annoying.  The server and bussers kept coming by to see what they could clear from the table.  Literally they came by THREE times in ten minutes.  And it's not as if there was a huge queue at the hostess stand, and there were a few open tables.  So why the pushiness?  Did they NOT want us to stay and order more drinks?  Apparently not.  My friend really wanted to try the green chile tamales.  So she ordered those, and they were good, but I was in no way WOWED.  After bringing those out, they came by again another two times to clear.  Finally we just gave in and told them to clear the table!  Fine ya bastards, take our plates!Another point to make -- the food came out incredibly quickly -- which was nice at FIRST, but after the pushiness of the server and bussers, it just made us feel like they were trying to turn the tables and just get us out of there.I will definitely come back because the food was delicious.  My friends and I all commented about how interesting their menu was -- there were many different things we all hoped to try in the future.  Maybe last night's pushiness was a fluke.  I hope the next time I don't feel so much pressure to leave!
5	I ate here on a Sunday evening, the place was relatively busy but not as packed as I've heard it gets on Friday and Saturday nights. We were seated right away on the cute little patio outside, facing the back of the restaurant I might add, so you get none of the noise from Scottsdale Rd. They've really made the outside look quaint and inviting, both in the front and the back. I was a little surprised to see the high prices on the menu but I think that's just because I'm skeptical of any Mexican/Southwestern restaurant that's expensive. I've been disappointed in the past. I ordered the Carne en chile colorado (chunks of beef in a guajillo sauce, spinach and potatoes) and after a few bites I knew I ordered the right thing. Although I have a feeling ordering anything on the menu would have been "the right thing." The party I was with all loved their entrees and we all enjoyed sipping our Patron Silver Margaritas. Usually I don't get too excited over Margaritas at a restaurant because they all taste the same to me but I especially liked that this one wasn't crazy-super sweet and that it was strong, of course. The sweetness can sometimes make me feel like I ate a bowl of candy but not these. I'm sure the Patron Silver had something to do with it too. ;-PThe service was a little spotty as our waitress didn't come around much and I asked for water I didn't receive. Although I  was already done with most of my meal before I remembered, and by that time it wasn't a concern. The  food was so good I didn't care.
4	We were in Phoenix this past weekend for a wedding and wanted a low key, fun, yummy mexican feast before heading for a night out on the town.Los Sombreros was recommended to us by the concierge at our hotel and it was great!  We sat on the adorable, sparkly light-lit patio and stayed warm with the help of two heaters.  The place was pretty busy but not too loud.  The margaritas were huge and strong as can be and made just the way we liked em!  We shared an order of guacamole - i was slightly disappointed since other yelpers RAVED about it - i thought it was pretty standard, a little better than "just OK".  Both of us ordrerd the chilaquiles (he shrimp, me chicken) and they were fantastic although it would have been great  if our server told us that each dish was a legit 10 lbs! We EASILY could have split!we had such a fun time, the service was good, food was good and the patio was a great backdrop for a casual, albeit fairly romantic meal.
5	simply put, I think this is the best Mex restaurant in the valley.  At least of all the ones I have eaten at.Get the guac salad.  SO GOOD!!!Also the mole sauce is to die for and even better their pork in chipotle sauce.  In fact I have eaten their many many times and had nothing less than an exceptional meal.LOVE IT!
5	Four of us went last night and we were lucky enough to get seats at the bar. Yay!  We had Steve's patron margaritas, the tower of guacamole and the carne asada tacos with pico de gallo- to start. It was all delicious- Another round of margaritas and I had the seafood crepes. I don't know what anyone else had because I was in a food coma. (and on my second margarita)  I usually order the seafood crepes but they were particularly delicious last night. We had dessert- something steve recommended and it was divine. I can't remember what it was..it was after my second margarita- it was a cake thing...or other.Ohhhkay. Topped it all off with a Rome Popay or at least that's how it's pronounced. I love it. I could bathe in it!Don't miss out on their REVERSE HAPPY HOUR from 9-11 with $5.00 menu items and drinks. Plus all the douchebags are gone by then and you might get a seat at the bar. Geoff and Steve are both so friendly and personable. I could go on and on just about those two.GO!btw- I wasn't driving.
4	Happy to report I love Los Sombreros! I cannot wait to go back again .We had a great dinner sitting under the heaters outside on the patio, which was very quaint. Our drinks arrived quickly as well as our Guacamole and chips.  And by the way why are they first place I have seen that has thought of a tequila / coconut margarita type drink. Love it!We had chicken with mole  , which was a great portion size and the black beans were a perfect side accompaniment   Like I  said can't wait to go back !
4	i haven't eaten there since becoming a veggie, but before, man, some good eatin. i don't exactly remember what we ordered, but they have delicious drinks and they have such tasty dippings for the chips. moderately priced for the middle class foodie.
4	WTF!!! Why the hell have I never been here?!! I feel soo robbed of the many disgusting Mexican food meals I have had prior to learning about this magical palace of enchantment! I was always wondering why the hell there is no such thing as a good Mexican restaurant in AZ. All the sauces were super good, salsa very fresh and tasty. The chicken for the only time in my entire life at a Mex joint was to my very surprise moist.... ewww gross wordWhats up with watery dry chicken burritos in AZ? I wanted to desperately eat some of the delightful sounding pork dishes but due to all the reports in the last few yrs of brain parasites being more and more frequent in the US from pork I just cant go there. I'm to fragile to handle the anxiety of, am I the rare one? Ill go nuts if I eat it, Ill think I'm dying for days later. ha ha I'm disturbed. Anyway I will be back again and again .. For non pork dishes of course. Oh a side note, I went to their website a while back, when it worked. All the pictures were of people making food with there bare hands no gloves. I was soo shocked it was on the website even I was scared to eat here. To my pleasant surprise, They were all wearing gloves, I checked it out .
2	I'm in Phx this week to visit the male parental unit. I couldn't wait to get some good Mexican food in during my visit, because we all know what extremely limited selection there is on the East Coast. Upon Yelping it, I was surprised to see how low many of the Mexican places were rated in the Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale area! I settled on this place out of convenience and it had the least fluctuation in ratings. Now there were 4 of us vegetarians here, and I did not for a second think this would be an issue. Mexican food is probably one of the easiest to make "vegetarian-ish", and most places I have been to have several veggie options on the menu. Not so for this place!! The only veggie entree on the entire menu was chille relenos, and they were able to concoct cheese enchiladas and a 'veggie plate' (which we did not end up getting, why would we pay all that money for a plate of vegetables!?). Between the 4 of us, we got a large order of guac, 2 cheese enchiladas, and a chille relenos. My dad and I each got Patron Silver magaritas too. Here's the breakdown:Great:-The guac was superb and I would attribute one of the stars just to that. I love guac anyways though, so it's really difficult to rate poorly for me.-The enchiladas were also great and you could tell the tortillas were homemade - yum!!Good:-Margaritas. Pretty good, and pretty strong (had only 1/2 of mine and could feel it!). Tasty marg mix.-Patio with heat lamps was a fun ambiance, although it looked a bit chaotic (too many chairs at our table, heat lamps scattered all over the place, etc).-Accoutrements such as black beans, rice, and veggies. Standard fare, decent taste.Meh:-The chille relenos were bleh. Soggy in their sauce, and really really cheesy (like too much so. tasted rubbery.)-Salsa that came with the chips was not that good! That's usually one of my fave parts about Mexican restaurants is the fresh and delish salsa. Not so with this place!Double Meh: -Service!! Sheesh the place wasn't THAT busy it was a Tuesday night, but after our waitress took our order we didn't see her at all, even after we had already asked for more chips and salsa and my dad had asked for habenero salsa (he has taste bud issues in that he has none). It practially took my round-ish dad flying out of his seat and tackling the waitress in order to have her come by again just so we could *remind* her of what we had already asked for 10 minutes earlier! And we could tell when the food came out that it may have been sitting there for a bit; it was just meh warm not piping hot as it should have been. -Price. I thought for this meal, $105 (incl tip) was a bit ridiculous, especially since the cheese enchiladas, while they were good, were just glorified quesadillas (which were $5.95 on the app menu). Wouldn't go back here, but we did leave full (mainly due to chips/salsa/guac).
1	Does all of scottsdale eat at poor serviced, bad chips and salsa places and so this is the norm?I live in Seattle people and it's hard to believe but yes, I've had better food at the taco truck down the street. AND the service was better.let's start with the location.  they sat us at the two top right next to the parking lot, why is this even a table??  it's next to all the nastee exhaust fumes and no good views of anything except for the ugly ass tree next to us.The chips and salsa were 1. under salted and 2. under flavored and 3. stale.  Gross.I ordered the fish tacos and the corn chowder.. which had to be doused with Tapatio.  and my dinner mate had the 'best dish in the house' which was a carnitas dish.  um.. we should have left after they refused to move us.poor poor experience.  Don't go here if you want a decent meal.
1	I was visiting Scottsdale and was looking for great Mexican food.  I live in Boston, where we have great food, and even a couple of very good Mexican restaurants, but I figured that in the Southwest, Mexcellence would abound.  Boy, was I wrong!  I read all the reviews on Yelp of dozens of restaurants, and finally decided to try Los Sombreros for a late dinner on Friday night, Feb 6 2009.  I was in AZ by myself, so I figured I'd eat at the bar and get a great eye on how the place worked.  Many Yelpers mentioned a lively bar scene, Steve the bartender, his attentiveness & his margaritas, so I headed there hoping he'd be working. Well, no Steve.  And my first disappointment was that not one Yelper mentioned that the bar is OUTSIDE!!  I know it's Arizona, but a cold front had come through & it was only 48 degrees.  I'm a Bostonian.  I'm not afraid of the cold, but if even one Yelper had mentioned that the bar was outdoors, I'd have chosen another restaurant.  The bar also has only 6 seats (well, 7 if you count the one where the pole in your face is closer to you than the worst seat at Fenway or in the old Boston Garden - that seat lacks bar top space sufficient to even hold a drink).As a salsamaniac, I was looking forward to the salsa because so many Yelpers had raved about it.  People!!  When the salsa is a tomatillo salsa, you should at least mention that fact!  42 reviews and not one person thought to mention that the salsa is green?!?  I love tomatillos, but I was looking forward to a tomato-based salsa and didn't get one.  And as tomatillo salsas go, this was average, at very best. I loved the fact that later in the evening, Los Sombreros re-activates its happy hour menu & offers a variety of plates for $5. That was cool, and I tried the guac & chips.  Again, disappointment.    The avocado had some brown spots and the chunks were so big that they snapped every single chip I tried to use to "dip" into the guac.  The only way to eat it was to use the fork to pick up the avocado chunks and put them on the chips.  I can't even say that the avocado was diced.  It was chunked, at best, so the "guacamole" consisted of chunks of avocado & a little seasoning. And speaking of the chips . . . at even an average Mexican restaurant, I expect them to be warm & well-salted.  These were cold, slightly stale, huge and virtually salt-free. I ordered a margarita.  At a Mexican restaurant, especially when I'm seated at the bar, I don't expect to see my margarita poured out of a pre-mixed bottle.  And I don't expect it to taste worse than the pre-mixed Cuervo margaritas we had at the last Jimmy Buffett tailgate.  If crowds necessitate making your house margarita in batches ahead of time, that's understandable.  But don't pour from the big tub for the people actually seated at the bar.  That's just dumb bar management. My entree was a delicious sounding shrimp, tortilla & cheese concoction (I apologize for neglecting to write down its actual name).  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either.  It arrived looking like a Mexican shrimp & cheese casserole, with pieces of tortilla so large that two cuts of each tortilla piece were necessary in order to create an appropriately-sized bite.  The shrimp were delicious, but come on - how tough is it to cook shrimp?  The tortillas, tomatoes and cheese were messy & melty, but there was nothing special about the dish.  The strongest flavor came from the shrimp, and that should tell you a lot. Overall, I felt cheated.  I wasted one of my few evenings in Scottsdale on Mexican food and a restaurant experience easily beatable on Route 1 in Medford, MA at anyplace with a sombrero you choose to try.  Seriously - steer well clear of Los Sombreros.  You can save a bundle by going to the grocery store & picking up some Old El Paso.  It won't be worse.
3	It was good but not great especially given the prices,  I had the carnetas and I have better for much less then what I was charged here.  The rest of my family thought the food was good but not worth the price charged.  Did not have the margaritas. The guacamole I have to say was among the best I have ever had.  Did not like the salsa.  Service was so-so. Next time I want Mexican I will go elsewhere.
5	This is the best non-seafood Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix region. I compare it to Frontera Grill in Chicago. Both places are great. The patio is very inviting, as is the indoor part of the restaurant. Fresh, fresh food! Excellent guacamole. Really tasty Pork in mole verde, Lamb Adobo, and polle con espinacas!!! They close the restaurant annually to go down to Mexico to brush up on their cooking and keep the menu current. Now - if you are not a foodie, and only think Mexican food is supposed to be smothered in cheese (like my father), don't go, because you'll be taking up a seat that should go to a real lover of fine cuisine. I have taken scores of family and friends to this place and everyone loves it, except my dad who is aging and seems to have no taste buds.  So sad for him.
1	DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE! I have been here one time before tonight and the service was TERRIBLE! That was 5 months ago. I took my friend here tonight for her birthday, and I was reminded why it has been so long since I came back.    I ordered the Crab Enchiladas, the crab tasted like it had been sitting at room temp all day.  My boyfriend ordered the Mahi-Mahi, it seriously tasted like they opened a can of tuna fish and slopped some smokey tasting brown sour cream on top. I took one bite of the enchiladas and almost became ill. Our SERVER was nowhere to be seen for 25 mins, at this point my boyfriend had became too hungry to wait and ate his canned tuna. My girlfriend had finished her chicken dish.  Finally when our server returned,I began describing to her how sour our fish tasted, and she kind of half listened to what I said and then took my plate away. She returned with a business card that had 20.00 dollars written on the back of the card in blue ink and a scribble to the left of it and said it was a gift card.     We ordered a dessert, that was okay, I expect that being an Arizona native, (Mexican restaurants don't always have the best desserts)then the bill came with all our food on it. This included the dish I DIDN'T eat. I asked for a manager, 10 minutes later a manager came over and told me what their policy is. Their policy is anti customer service. The manager actually started to argue with me, as I tried to explain my rational... By the way she was also a server working in the restaurant there. 15 minutes later our server comes back with our new check, we paid it and said good riddance!    I have lived here all my life, to everyone who is not familiar with Mexican restaurants here, Espinosas in Chandler (hole in the wall) and Barrio Cafe are the best by far that is in Arizona.
5	This place was recommended to me by a friend and I wanted to check it out on my work trip in March 2009.  Well at the end of the work day we were all scratching our heads about where to get dinner so I suggested we try out Los Sombreros.  We had a party of 11 people and I felt a little pressure going in just because if it was bad then I wouldn't hear the end of it.  When setting up the reservation the person on the phone was easy to deal with and he called me back after my initial call because he wasn't sure about being able to fit us in on this busy Wednesday evening .The overall experience of Los Sombreros was exactly what I was hoping for.  We had to sit inside on because of our group size, but it was fine.  The service was good, they had two servers working our table. The margaritas with fresh lime juice were really tasty.  Guacamole was incredible.  My crab enchiladas came and wow I was in heaven, even the sides I ordered of vegetables and black beans were full of flavor.  I think EVERYONE in our group liked their dinners, so I felt pretty cool for a few minutes at least. All in all one of the best Mexican meals I've ever had.  I live in Michigan and we don't get this kind of food up here.  One note: Not many options for vegetarians.
5	Remember when I said "don't miss the reverse happy hour"? Did you go? Ya gotta go!They're even open on Sundays and Mondays but the happy hour doesn't apply to those two days.Looky- Here's the list of their  $5.00  Happy Hour MenuTuesday - Saturday from 9-10Friday & Saturday from 9-11   Only at the bar or the bar tables but the service is fast because Geoff & Steve kick ass.Drinks* Margarita with Chinaco Blanco on the rocks or frozen* Cuba Libre with Bacardi & Coke topped with lime* Mojito * Sangria red or white* Montes Chardonnay glass* Gnarly Head red zinfandel glass* Shot of Tequila Blanco served with sangrita (that sangrita kicks ass!).Your choice of Tequila: Don Julio, Tesoro, Herradura, Tezon, Centenario, Chinaco, Milagro, Oro Azul, Tres Generaciones, Cazadores, Partida or Certeza.** $2.00 XX Draft BeerFood* Guacamole, chips & salsa * Black bean queso fundidio served with chips* 2red beef tamalitos* 2 quesadillas de rajas (mexico city style)* Shrimp cocktail with chunks of mango (To die for!)* Field greens chicken salad with lime vinaigrette* Watermelon & panela cheese salad* Jicama & orange salad with chile-lime dressing* 2 tacos dorados de pollo (plaza style)* 3 carnitas tacos with pico de gallo and homemade tortillasCan you believe I memorized all of that? I'm like Rain Man. Okay I lied. I stole the menu! Ha.
5	Excellent, fantastic, authentic Mexican food. Gourmet and unique, best in town!
3	While I am partial to good hole-in-wall Mexican food, I was pleased to find a nice alternative to tacos and chimichangas.We sat on the patio, which is a great patio btw, to enjoy the beautiful weather before it's gone.  We ordered (yes, ordered) chips and salsa and guacamole.  They serve two salsas, both green.  The spicier one had the most flavor.  The chunky one was a little bland to me.  I had crab enchiladas in a chipotle sauce.  I asked the server if the chipotle was firey hot since I don't care for that.  She stated the crema it's mixed in cancels out the heat.  Not so, it still had a nice kick.  If you really can't tolerate spicy food, I wouldn't order anything with chipotle, however.  I like that sauteed veggies are an option in addition to the standard beans and rice.  They were fresh and still crisp. My husband had the lamb adobo.  He complained the amount of lamb (it was still on the bone) was insufficient given the bowl of adobo sauce and the price.  We are not exactly light eaters mind you.While some other Yelpers have noted service issues, we had a fantastic server..pleasant, efficient, attentive without being intrusive.My complaints.  Offering chips and salsa, yet charging.  Why is it that a $10/plate restaurant offers them complimentary, yet this restaurant charges when their meals are nearly $20?  To me, this is like expecting your customers to pay for their bread basket.  Desserts were lacking.  My husband had the flan.  I'm not a fan, so I didn't try it, but he wasn't overly impressed.  I had the chocolate tamale.  For some reason, I expected it to be a sweet tamale.  Instead, it was just chocolate cake in a husk.  Not bad, but not heavenly either, evidenced by the fact I didn't finish it, a rarity in the dessert world for me.  Other offerings were ice cream and chocolate cream pie.I'm sure we'll return since it's so close to us, but I'll bring my own chips and a bottle of Pace next time!
4	We ventured up Scottsdale Road on Monday night because my inlaws wanted to take us out for dinner and they wanted Mexican. The sign for the restaurant out front is not that big, so definitely pay attention. The patio is really cute, but we opted to sit inside. Inside is small and cozy with exposed brick. I felt instantly at home.My mother-in-law and I had the House Special margaritas which we both liked, although I have to say that the margaritas my mother-in-law makes at home are way better. For appetizer, we tried the queso fundido with crab which we all loved. Nice pieces of lump crabmeat and a nice manageable size for an appetizer. For dinner, I had the chicken tacos which were delicious. The chicken was cooked perfectly and there was plenty of it in the tacos. Even though it's listed as an appetizer, it was more than enough food for me for dinner especially after eating the queso fundido. My mother-in-law had the goat cheese and blue cheese crepes with pomegranate sauce; I snagged a bite...delicious! My father-in-law had the seafood tacos which he really liked (I didn't get to sample them). My husband had the crab enchiladas which I also snagged a bite of...they were good and the tomato chipotle sauce gave the dish a nice kick. We did however both taste a bit of shell which was unfortunate.Our server was really nice and paid just the right amount of attention to us. I didn't get a chance to see the final bill since my father-in-law was paying, but the prices were very reasonable considering the amount of food you received. I think the most expensive entree I saw was about $20 which includes two sides. Definitely a place we will return to especially when it's nice out to sit on the patio.
1	Went to Los Sombreros beginning of April 2009 right when they opened around 5:00 p.m.  Had baby in carrier with husband.  We usually sit at the bar outside, but with the baby, we wanted to be seated on patio.  We ate chips and salsa.  don't like the little dorito wheels that come wedged in the chip basket.  The salsas are just alright and the tiny bowls aren't big enough for even the two of us.Got crab queso.  It was good. We filled up on that and when my husband's carnitas (used to be our fav) came, so did the flies.  Yea, the regular dumpster variety.  ILK!!!!  We were surrounded by about 20 flies.  They were landing on the food and us, and biting.  The service was poor.  We finally got her to come over and we wanted to pack up the food and get out of there.  I had fish.  Oh yea, and a margarita.  They seemed  fine, but on we go...The waitress noticed the flies and shooed them away while she gave us the "to go" boxes.  Our bill was about $70 with tip.  We didn't eat the rest of our leftovers that night.  But the NEXT night, we warmed up the carnitas and ate it up.  It seemed fine.  The next morning we woke up with severe vomiting and diarrhea.  This lasted for 2 days.  I went to the ER and had to get 3 liters of saline from dehydration.  Now, we think this all came from the carnitas.  Perhaps we should have not eaten it a day later.  Maybe it was on it's last legs the night they served it and that extra day...it turned bad.  We can't be sure.  Stomach flu has been going around so it could have been that.  Thing is, we both got sick at the exact same moments.  Hummm... Won't be going back.  Ever.  Sad...
1	Does Oreganos own this place too? (nowhere to sit, no parking, all hype).  Portions weren't very substantial considering the price, although the Chile Relleno I had over the holidays was decent, as was the queso appetizer - decent.  But this is big bucks, big wait, and it felt like I was moving through a small maze to get to the restroom.  Server had an attitude and neglected us at several points during our dining experience.I hear about how authentic they are, but even if this is so, it's just not worth it.  Also, very few options for vegetarians, unlike most Mexican places which do have such options nowadays.
4	Great margaritas and food. Love the patio. We live in AZ after all. We need to be outside. Last meal ordered there was seafood crepes and they are awesome. And try the guacamole. But be careful, with a few margaritas the bill creeps up there.
3	The menu has very unique selections. The service is spotty like a lot of local Mexican restaurants but certainly adequate. The drinks are over -priced but I do think the menu offers some nontraditional Mexican dishes that many people would enjoy. The skirt steak is solid. Used to go here when it was across the street in the shopping center but at least now it has more character.
2	Ok here is the thing, I went back another time and it was good. About a month later we came late with our roomie. It was bar service only since it was late. The bartender a middle aged over weight red haired guy went to get our chips..I watched him walk over to the chips and grab handfuls of chips with his bare hands. HE IS THE BARTENDER HANDLEING MONEY AND HE WAS JUST HOLDING A DIRTY RAG.I asked him for a new batch that was "hand picked" he said it was all bare hand touched. I told him that was fine for the food preparers that dont handle fecal, infectious disease money!!He acted like I was retard, I didnt eat anything after I saw this but we did have a few bites and the food was not good.It wasnt aweful but it wasnt good as before, AT ALL!Get it together over theremore like 2 and a halfP.S. If the owners read this, he needs to be schooled. I wish I knew his name, he may have had a mustache?
2	I've been here twice now, once was a solid 4-stars, the other, a solid 1-star.  I must add, the 4-star experience may have been clouded by their ($13) Patron Margarita.First meal was a wonderful Carne Adobada with black beans and rice.  Meat was tender and juicy, sauce was GLUTEN-FREE and super tasty.  I thoroughly enjoyed this meal, however, the $16 price tag was a little steep.My second meal was Carnitas and they sucked.  The pork was tough and lacked any real flavor and came topped with literally a teaspoon of pico de gallo leaving the plate 90% plain pork and 100% boring.I do like the fact they have their gluten-free options highlighted on their online menu, and can provide that same menu in-store, on-demand.I'm 1 for 2 at this place, perhaps I'll try it again, but if I don't, I'm sure I won't lose any sleep over it.
4	I really enjoy this place! It is not my favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley, but it still has very good food and it is not priced too high. The queso fundido and guacamole are great starters. I have tried a good amount of things on the menu, but my absolute favorite has to be the blue crab enchiladas. It was a risky move ordering them, but it was so worth it. I have been here a few times and each time I have to order them. The margaritas are also worth a try. This is probably my second favorite Mexican restaurant after Barrio Cafe.
1	When the increasingly creepy chef-owner Jeff Smedstad lost his half of the restaurant in a divorce, we had hopes that this place might actually serve normal food. Jeff's penchant had been to offer cutesy specials which were all presentation and no substance and sneer at anyone who dared to order from the menu. Sad to say, things have gone from worse to "worser". Mystery meat abounds. Strips of chicken skin fill the rolled-up items. It as if this is a convenient way to get rid of the garbage rather than having it hauled off. The food ranged from barely acceptable to disgusting. It's a tiny place in the Pep Boys parking lot, housed in what used to be a veterinary clinic (no joke). So perhaps that's why the cuisine is reminiscent of something made out of the day's losers at Turf paradise. Margaritas taste like antifreeze unless you order the super premiums which won't leave any money left for ordering food and that may be a good choice. Portions are small and overpriced  but if you get there before the Pep Boys garage closes you can dine to the sound of air wrenches and tire machines. Ah, so romantic. A true godawful experience.
4	My goodness me! It's a regular "Dump on Los Sombreros Festival" here in Yelpland. Hey, people -- it's a perfectly fine Mexican restaurant. Well, maybe it's not perfect, but my meals here over the past five years have always been good, and I consider Los Sombreros a great place to take out-of-town guests. If I were to grade it on a pretentiousness scale, it actually rates better and is more inviting than Barrio Cafe. So give the place a break -- try the guacamole, the chicken mole, the lamb adobo, any of the skirt steak entrees and any of the seafood dishes.
4	I'd like to know the "other" Mexican food places that are so much better. Los Sombreros is awesome! The drinks are poured with a heavy hand, which almost justifies paying $9 a cocktail, but that's to be expected at a lot of places. The salsa, first off, is to die for! The hotter of the two has a very strong chipotle flavor, which I love, but for those who don't the other one was just as good. The weird little pinwheel wheat things they give you with the chips are not my cup of tea, but just about everything else is. I think the spot is totally quaint and charming, and the servers are always accommodating. I'm vegan and started disecting the menu when the waitress asked if I was vegan, and I am, she suggested I get the chef's special vegan dish- rarely does that happen! It was amazing, the sauce was incredible, the potatoes mushrooms and corn were cooked to perfection and I appreciated the extra veggies and avocado. My boyfriend loved his, which was a fish dish, and everytime I go everyone loves it! Try it out.
3	I was looking for chile rellenos and this place does a great job of making them just the way I like it.  Flavorful and not dry.   Also had the chips and salsa which I did not think were anything special and you have to order them unlike most Mexican places where it is expected at the time they serve the drinks.  Flan was unimpressive.  I think I will go back for the chile rellenos and head down the street to Carlsbad Tavern for the flan (theirs is my favorite).
4	I have been to this restaurant a few times, but it had been a while, so I decided to go back with my family during Arizona Restaurant Week.  We actually ended up ordering off of the regular menu instead of the fixed menu.  We started with the guacamole - if you like guac, this is a must! It is not tableside like my other favorite upscale Mexican restaurant, but it is still great.  The chips it is served with are good - not too salty - but the salsa they serve is marginal.  They offer two kinds, which were both very watery and bland, but maybe I am just really picky having been raised on homemade spicy salsa? For my entree, I ordered the smoked chicken enchiladas.  These were absolutely amazing.  It was heaven in my mouth.  When I took that first bite, I literally just sat there and savored all the flavors exploding in my mouth.  The chicken was so tender and smoky, and the green sauce was a little tangy yet spicy.  The enchiladas came with black beans and rice, which nicely complemented the entree.  The rest of my family ordered the mole poblano, which was white meat chicken (you have to request this) drenched in mole sauce.  I love mole sauce, and this was definitely one of the better ones I've had. I would recommend heading here when the weather cools down because they have a great patio and live music out there.  The ambiance inside is pretty unmemorable, and the service inside was not that great either.  Hopefully, it is better outside - that along with some better salsa would make my Los Sombreros experience complete!
4	My girlfriend and I ate here during Phoenix Restaurant week.  We had rapid and friendly service.  We had 3 courses and my girlfriend had a Margarita.  Everything had the gooey deliciousness that I expect from Mexican food.   The Chile Colorado had a lot of spice, so come ready for a lot of powerful flavor!
2	I was not impressed with Los Sombreros. This is a tough thing for me to say because I adore Mexican food. Living in CA, TX and now AZ, I think I've had my fair share of Mexican food and this place doesn't measure up by a long shot.. The food  is very average and fairly expensive for what you get. The portions were okay, but I still left unsatisfied and hungry..There are plenty of good Mexican places that serve way better food at almost half the price of Los Sombreros entrees. I thought the salsa was excellent. Service was decent.I'm feeling generous-2.5 stars
4	I must say I am slightly disappointed to see all the low stars. I recently went to dinner here with some out of town guests and my family. It was a bit crazy and busy,  so we got some margaritas at the bar while we waited  for a table. The margaritas were delicious- we each tried a few different ones, and all of them were delicious. As we began our meal we started off with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The guac was delicious and fresh, however I could have used a little more spice in the salsa. Also I was a little taken aback by the wagon wheel chips but after a bite or two, I could see why some people may enjoy them.  My one major gripe about this place was the fact that it seemed like our waitress disappeared for a bit. We had finished chips and salsa and our first round of drinks before she came back to take our dinner orders. I had the crab enchiladas. They were amazing. I also tried a bite of my dads seafood crepes, and now I know next time what I will be getting. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food, and we took leftovers home, which were just as delicious. I would definitely like to go here again, but hopefully with better service. I would eat here again.
5	The atmosphere at this place is awesome.  Very appropriate for a Mexcian restsraunt. The food was amazing,  try the Lamb Adobo & Puerco in Chipotle ... they will rock your socks off. The service was great as well.
4	First, the stuff that cost them a star: (1) I don't like the high tables. The chairs are so tall my feet dangle and I feel like Lily Tomlin. They were too busy to allow us to sit at a regular table. (2) They won't do separate checks. (3) The chips came with only two "wagon wheel" chips. The second basket had none, so only half our group got to try them. The basket at the next table had a bunch of them.Now, the good stuff. The food was very good. I ordered the green corn tamales. They were almost as good as the ones I used to get in Tucson. The others in my party also enjoyed their food. We ordered the guac and it was good, but the presentation piled it high in a mocohete that made it hard to get some on a chip without pushing the rest of the mountain over onto the table or floor. The two in our group that had margaritas said they were delicious, but friends who went the night before said their margaritas were ordinary. Portions were generous. I'm glad I ordered from the left side of the menu or I would have had to be rolled out the door.
2	I went to Los Sombreros last night and was pretty excited to check it out since I live close and have heard great things about it.OK...so we get there and there is no where to park..there is a lot behind the restaurant that I believe belongs to Pep Boys and has signs up saying you'll be towed if not a pep boys customer.....ugh...we took our chances since there was no where else to parking (we were thankfully not towed).It was pretty crowded..but I was ok with that...especially since it was a Friday night. ...and then I got to meet the hostess.   Got up to her podium she looks straight at us and without saying anything like "excuse me for a minute" she turns her back to us and has a 5 minute conversation with a someone working there (which I would have been understanding about had she acknowledged I was standing there at least.  When her conversation is done  she asks how many, we say 4 (2 friends were meeting us and were seconds away).  When we ask about an estimate in time for the wait she says she won't "worry about that" until all of our party was here...I explained they were in the parking  lot..blah, blah....Her attitude was nasty and  giving me a poor first impression.Red Sangria was Mmmmm, Queso fundido with chorizo was WOW, sea food tacos were just ok, chips and salsa were just ok....and all of it was a little over-priced!My fav thing about this place was the ambiance...big patio outside with some fire pits going...a man playing mexican tunes on a guitar...and warm colors throughout.....Still I really don't think I will be returning..
2	I could not agree more with Alicia B's review. I went here with my husband Saturday night, it is in our nieghboorhood and we had heard decent things. We waited about 10 minutes for a table, not because it was full or busy. The hostess looked a right at us, no acknowledgement and then she went on to what must have been more important business. Finally, a passing waiter sat us. The service continued to be inattentive and slow. Our cocktails were tasty, I had a pomegranire margarita and my husband has something with a kooky name, I think it mentioned a Donkey. We had the Queso with crab which was pretty good, the crab could have been tastier and the whole thing needed some spice. The chips and salsa, OK. I had the carnitas, after recommendation by our waitress. Not bad, but certainly not good and not worth $17. My Husband has the seafood crepes, they were OK, but lacking flavor. The food was not bland, but flat, just meh. This place would be a 3 star, but for the price, it is coming down to a 2 star. The building and patio are really cool and set a good atmosphere, too bad the food and service don't follow suit. On a side note I did get to overhear a great conversation by two guys visiting from out of town, probably in thier mid to late 40s. I guess last time they came here the women were way hotter. This time there are hot women, but they are not as common. They seemed to like the place, one of them remarked the only thing better than his food was getting laid earlier that day.
4	I am disappointed that my fellow Yelpers average a 3.5 stars because I loved this place.  The atmosphere is cozy, and the food was outstanding.  I had the Carnitas (real smoked flavor with a crunchy crust) and my mother had the Pollo con Espinacas (with a chipotle cream sauce to die for!).The sangria was YUMMY as were the salsas.OK, OK, the service could have been better.  The server was fairly attentive, though I do not think he smiled at us once.  He must not have hurt my feelings too badly though because I am definitely going to return!
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueThe margaritas were okay, and it took a fair amount of time for our server to greet us, but everything else was on the money.  The funny little pinwheel chips are great in the smoky salsa, the guacamole was amazing, and the chipotle sauce that came on the chicken&spinach dish was drool-a-licious.  Didn't have room for dessert because I pounded my food like that little Japanese hot dog eater guy.  Next time then.
3	Was in Scottsdale on business and this was recommended as a good spot to bring our group from the office. We sat outside and it was really nice, the atmosphere was comfy and the music wasn't blasting so you could actually hear the people at your table.Everyone in our party seemed happy with their meals. The guacamole was terrific and we all enjoyed our drinks (I had the white sangria which was pretty good). The food however was a little uneven. I had the crab enchiladas which were tasty but the sauce was so spicey it could have been any kind of meat in there. My friend has a chicken mole dish and she said the mole sauce was absolutely perfect. Someone had the shrimp cocktail which came in a gigantic glass, which was kind of funny (he said it was alright but didn't eat much of it). I liked it enough to give it another shot next time I'm there.
5	I am totally shocked that some on here have had bad experiences because, in my view, this is as good as it gets.  I've been a big fan of Los Sombreros since I first went to it when it was located in the strip mall by the Big Lots.  There was absolutely nothing I could complain about there - not Tex Mex, but real Mexican food.  The salsa is smoky and five star.  I am personally a fan of battery-acid hot food and they had a habanaro salsa that was, well, YIKES and YUM at the same time.  The guacamole is one of the best I've ever had and the seafood tacos appetizer is something I absolutely love and think of often made with crema - not Americanized sour cream.   They are amazing.  I also am in love with the crab enchiladas and the puerco en mole verde.  My husband - a definite mole afcionado, loves their mole poblano and rates it second to none.  Margaritas are very good and the chocolate tamal with that carmel sauce and ice cream....wow.  I have taken four different people here on different occasions and all of them agreed it was sublime.
4	I am also disappointed at the poor reviews of Los Sombreros. I have never been unhappy with the food or atmosphere here. Sometimes the service is a little slow on the first contact, but once you order the food comes pretty quickly--and it's good! I've been here 5 or 6 times and always leave with leftovers--large portions in general are served! The margaritas are so-so in my opinion, but they have a huge tequila selection and lots of mescal. The best things on the menu? The lamb is delicious but better for you spice lovers; carnitas are superb; yummy chunky guacamole (although this could probably come in a bigger bowl); huitlacoche crepas; and lots of their specials (i had really good duck tacos once! unfortunately i have yet to see it on the specials again). I took my parents, including my dad who needs perfect service, here and they both enjoyed it. Pros: outdoor seating          delicious foodMediocre: margaritasCons: wait till first service
4	The boyfriend and I were in the mood for some non-greasy Mexican food so we ventured up to Los Sombreros last Friday. We have been there several times but we always order the same thing. I get the pollo con espinacas and he gets the pollo enchiladas. It was a nice evening so we chose to sit in the outdoor patio area - great atmosphere with twinkling lights, little fire pits going and a guy playing guitar and singing in Spanish. They were very busy that night so the food did take a little while to get, but other than that the service was good. And besides, you have the chips and salsa to snack on while they prepare your food.Los Sombreros is not your typical taco shop. Don't walk in expecting to find greasy tacos and humongous burritos. It's more what I would call "foofy" (technical term) Mexican food.  My pollo con espinacas is two generous portions of chicken served in a chipotle cream sauce with spinach. On the side you can get rice, beans or veggies so I got rice and veggies. This dish is SO good. The chipotle cream sauce is just the right combination of spicy and creamy - make a great dip for the chips too! And the portion is big enough I always take half home.I didn't get a margarita but this place has a HUGE list of tequilas so if you're looking for something other than Cuervo this place can satisfy.I've always been happy with my dining experience at Los Sombreros. It's a great date place with great food.
4	Some co-workers and I were looking for some good Mexican near our hotel while on a business trip in Scottsdale. Yelp led us here. The chips and salsa were very good, and bottomless. The quesadillas were very good and the meal quite filling. The place has nice unique decor too, which is always a bonus. On the odd side, they have a strict policy against separate checks. You can pay one check with 4 different credit cards, but you can't get 4 checks instead. Whatever, it didn't cause any problems.
5	This place ROCKS!But don't take my word for it, try going on a weekend, or better yet a weekday, or even better...in the middle of summer, it's still packed.Why?  Because the food has tons of flavor, the Marg's and Cerveza are tasty and ice cold and above all, I can repeat the prior words over and over for the past 7 years that I've been going here!BP
5	Yes, it is sublime. Dined here a few times. Outstanding margaritas. The subtle touches one would experience say, sitting in a nice restaurant in Guadalajara, Mexico. Sliced radishes, real cotija cheese, mole, etc. Do yourself a favor while the evenings are nice, bring the special someone or family and dine on the patio. Highly recommend the Quesadillas Mexico City style to start off; nothing like it in town and positively delicious with a cold beer or margarita on the rocks.And, we are supporting our local owned joints!!
3	Mediocre... Is the best way to describe my experience with los sombreros.  We have been anxious to try this place for a long time.  It had pretty good reviews and a friend of our recommended it for a late night happy hour.   To begin our waiter was a snob, he acted like we were lucky to have him, and at one point he actually rolled his eyes at us... seriously.   The guacamole looked fantastic coming out of the kitchen, so we started with that.  It was good, but it and the chips needed salt and there was none on the table.   The menu was not vegetarian friendly unless I wanted to order an appetizer salad.  They had a special on the board called "Mushroom Quesadillas", so I asked the server what was in them... trying to make sure it had no meat.  He said basically mushrooms and cheese.  So I ordered those.  What I got was  essentially a mushroom and cheese tamale deep fried, No tortilla! It was okay, but I would never have ordered it if I knew what it was... which was why I asked.   Getting anything out of our server was like pulling teeth.  The only reason I gave this place a 3 instead of a 2 was the chocolate cream pie dessert.  I think we may try it again for a reverse happy hour if someone invited us, but the prices were a little high for the food quality and service.
5	I'm glad my friends referred me to this wonderful restaurant, I can't believe I drove past so many times and didn't realize what it was. They offer up amazing guacamole, delicious mole dishes, great ambiance. True Sonoran fare. The rustic decor is charming, as is the staff and owners.
5	Got the recommendation from the concierge at the hotel I was staying at.  The food was excellent.  I had the carnitas, seafood taco appetizer, and guacamole dip.The guacamole was thick and creamy with fresh avocado.  The onions, cilantro, tomatoes, and lime juice were blended well together for a a creamy and thick guacamole that was still fresh and bright in flavor.  The chips were sturdy enough for scooping while being thin enough that they were not overfilling.  One of the better guacamoles that I have had in awhile.The seafood taco appetizer was excellent.  The soft tortilla was evenly made without a doughy taste or feel.  The ceviche filling had a great citrus taste without it overpowering the minced seafood and other ingredients.  There were no harsh onion notes.  Great appetizer, but a bit on the small side if you were thinking of making a meal of it.  Not sure what the entree looks like (just more of them or larger ones).The carnitas were sumptuous.  They are slowly braised in oil leading to a soft and tender carnitas rather then a roast one.  While I do enjoy a good roasted carnitas with a good maillard reaction and crust this method was also very good.  Although it is slowly cooked in oil the carnitas were still had a strong pork flavor that shone through.  It was not overly oily or greasy.I also partook of a mezcal that was on the menu, the particular one I had was recommended by my waiter.  It is a cousin to tequila but not cheap stuff from college.  It is served with an orange and spiced salt but the drink itself comes neat.  It had a wonderful smokey flavor to it with a great depth of flavor that made a wonderful complement to my meal.All in all I would return to Los Sombreros if I am in the Scottsdale or Phoenix area.
5	Excellent food and causual atmosphere.  We visited as a group of three from Portland, OR.  We enjoyed the Quesadilla, Poblano Chili's, Tomato Salad, Pulled Pork, Tamales, and Margaritas.  The service was excellent and the food was delectable.   A friend in Portland referred me and I'm glad she did.
4	Food was delicious great ambiance almost feels like a little place in Mexico. The patio looked relaxing but was still a little hot out. Definitely go back for the dishes that I wanted but did not order. Chille rellenos were excellent as well as the chocolate tamale which is great with coffee. If you are interested in a little something different with very bold flavors and fresh ingredients its a must.
4	The three things I liked about Los Sombreros were their Carnitas (slow cooked tenderness that melts in your mouth), a drink called the Tijuana Donkey (tequila and ginger beer), and the quaint atmosphere which made me feel relaxed (unlike some other Scottsdale restaurants).
1	I can't say that anything was great at Los Sombreros!  The margaritas were bland, the salsa is not like any salsa I've ever seen before, the chicken tacos were tasteless.  I'll never go back there again...although our waitress was darling and attentive.
5	This is more authentic Mexican food -- not the type that's smothered with cheddar cheese or the salsa that you're used to seeing in a jar.  Quesadillas are not the type that you would find at say, a Chili's -- two large flour tortillas with some cheese in the middle.  They're made of fresh masa and are stuffed with rajas, and are more akin to fried turnovers than your standard Americanized quesadilla.  Other than the quesadillas, we ordered the mole verde and seafood tacos, both of which were excellent.  The chips came with two types of salsa.  I was a huge fan of the chunkier spicier one.  Even the veggies were good -- not the standard onion and pepper mix, and perfectly cooked.
4	I do love restaurants that are in converted houses, don't ask me why.  The patio is great because in the winter they have heaters and on the weekends a guy sitting outside playing guitar and singing in Spanish, making for great ambiance.  But this is tough because I've been to this place and gotten 5 star service and meal, and then I've gone and gotten 2 star service and meals.  So I've settled for in between.   As for the menu they do have excellent, authentic mole which is hard to come by.  I personally adore the lamb dish  which is fall off the bone delicious as well as the rib-eye if you are looking for a nice protein.  If you are more in the mood for something in a tortilla their shrimp and fish tacos or seafood enchiladas are both stuffed with fresh seafood and dressed with homemade sauces.  They serve healthful sides like black beans, brown rice and fresh veggies.  To end the night I highly recommend the chocolate pie which has a toasted almond crust and creamy, chocolate mouse filling. On a side note you can buy tamales in the winter months full of fun flavors, like chocolate and pineapple.
2	Here's the deal- As far as food goes, this place deserves 5 stars, its inventive, fresh, Mexican food and always amazing. The location is great and I would love to frequent it. However, the owner Azucena Tovar always comes off as a little ambivalent about her clientel, and I just can't get over it. We eat out a lot. My expectation and hope is an evening with great company, food, and service. Great company I can handle, great food Los Sombreros has covered...but the service makes me wince. The owner is the first person to greet you at the door and she is abrasive and has been rude (kinda sets the tone, it's her place after all). Not once, not twice, but several times. I try and support businesses that value and appreciate their clients, especially in this financial climate. So my compromise is take-out. We only (rarely) order take-out and on the condition my husband picks it up so I dont have to be reminded why we no longer eat there. Christmas tamales are to die for.
5	I have been eating here for years and love it.  There is not an item on the menu that is less than amazing and the Mexican chocolate cream pie is the most delicious thing ever.  Make sure you get an order of guac...yummmmmmm
1	My wife and I have eaten here for many years and loved it.  The last couple times were not so good and last night (9/25/10) was awful.  The margarita was weak tasting and half way through it, it was like bad water - all for $8.50.  They have also changed the salsa and we don't think it was very flavorful.We had the tomato and cheese appetizer, which was very tasty but the salt level was extremely high.  My wife ordered the chicken mole and I ordered the pork dish in green sauce (not the carnitas).  We do not typically send food back but my wife's chicken was very tough.  They brought a second dish, which was more tender - this leads me to believe the first chicken was either leftover or burnt and they just covered it in sauce and served it.  My pork and the sauce it was in was tasty but over half the pork was either solid fat or grisly meat.  I happen to like leaner cuts.We ate at the bar and watched the bartender make the margarita mix in a bucket.  After making the mix, he poured an awful lot of water on top of it.  No wonder our $8.50 drinks were so watery.  We have been told the owner does not allow the wait staff to come in until 15 minutes before opening - likely to save costs.  Unfortunately, the cost cutting has also affected the food and drink quality.Sorry - this restaurant is off our list permanently.
1	Worst. Mexican. Place. Ever. This was the most over-priced, crappy food I have ever eaten in the Phoenix area. When you walk in it looks legit and even smells pretty good due to the wood they use to smoke some of their chicken. Once I opened the menu, I could not believe it. I think the cheapest dinner item was over $16. I tried the carnitas, a Mexican staple and something I usually enjoy. Not this time. In one word BLAND. No seasoning whatsoever. No salt. No pepper. No lime. Nothing at all to make this meat taste decent. It was tender, I will give them that, but it was more like jello than pork. The texture was pretty gross. We also had to pay extra to get tortillas with the carnitas. Who the hell does not serve tortillas WITH their carnitas? Seriously....The black beans were okay, the only part of the meal I could actually stomach. The rice was crunchy and bland. The salsa was bland and watery. Also, no refills on the salsa... Cheap bastards charge me over $16 for BLAND CRAP and cannot even fill up my salsa for free?The service was bad, slow and aloof. I would rather eat at one of the "bertos" instead of this crap hole. Honestly, save yourself the money and find another Mexican joint. I am in shock that this place has customers.  Not even deserving of one star. That bad.
3	Coming into the Phoenix area for a family party, we stopped off at Los Sombreros for some margaritas and Mexican on an otherwise cooler night in the valley of the sun. I was told they are very picky about reservations and, if your party isn't complete, no table. So our 6pm reservation was now in jeopardy because the last two of us (me and my fiance) were running late due to issues on the ramp at Sky Harbor airport, obviously out of our control. But they still didn't want to seat us...  additionally, I overhead on the way to the place that they would only "try" to do their best to accommodate our party, making it sound like they were booked up solid until closing....typical Scottsdale always trying to look more happening and hot than it really is. Moving on, we somehow "lucked out" (go figure) and had a table no problem, so all the stress caused by the hostess was unnecessary and, in my opinion, pretty unprofessional, especially since the restaurant was empty by 8pm, again, typical Scottsdale. The menu was brief, and I almost had to double check I wasn't looking at an appetizer. Most of the items are typical Mexican staples with a bit of a Southwestern American twist to them making the food a hit or miss if you ask me, some items were good, some were not. But that's really anywhere I suppose. The one thing that stood out for me was the Guac. I will say this was flat out delicious but Guac is pretty had to screw up. The margaritas in my opinion reminded me of something you'd get more at Chilis, a little too sweet for my liking but definitely drinkable. The fundidto appetizer we ordered left the table empty twice and well I'm not really one to combine seafood and cheese, this blend seemed to have a harmony with others and I'd recommend it to a first timer, +1 if you request to add spinach. Finally moving on to the entrees, different contraptions from the kitchen filled our table with vibrant colors, assortments and sizes. I myself ordered what I was told is sort of the house specialty ,call it carnitas mixed in a chipotle sauce with veggies type of deal. While it was tasteful and was more than enough to get the job done for me, the flavor of the pork wasn't really there, at, all. I browsed over a couple other reviews and noted the same complaint but hey that's what hot sauce is for I guess. Overall it's an alternative to the chains hoarding Scottsdale road.
3	I tried this place after falling in love with the restaurant in Sedona called Elote. I found out the owner used to own this so figured what the heck.Not quite in the same ballpark. But that could also be because he no longer works there and the foods were quite a bit different.Very good mexican but went with too high of hopes unfortunately.
5	The place in the Valley for upscale Mexican food! The carnitas are exceptional and my wife regularly demands the chilaquiles.Save room for dessert, as the flan and chocolate cream pie (made with Mexican drinking chocolate and cinnamon) are fantastic, both served with homemade whipped cream.If your looking for upscale French-inspired Mexican, this place can't be beat!
3	My daughter took us here for dinner as she had eaten there before and it was good food/service.  We were there on a weeknight and it was cold but because the had heated lanterns and small fire pits, we chose to eat on the patio.  Not all the lanterns were turned on and they sat us almost on top of the table next too us and it made it difficult to get in and out of our chairs. We asked to be seated somewhere else but they did'nt want to turn on the lanterns and it was a 30 min wait to get inside. That aside, the food was pretty good and the menu deffinately unique, but the service was very poor.  They were friendly but very slow and not very attentive and it wasn't that busy.
3	This has been one of our favorite spots for a long time,but the new bartender, Harry, CANNOT make a good margarita!  Steve used to be there but now works at Renegade Canteen. Food is great and service good here though and worth trying.
2	Although the decor was nice (besides fitting 20 tables in a 10x13 room),   the place was expensive with barely any menu options for a mexican food restaraunt.   It was VERY glorified where peopledriving Lambo's feel better about themselves for spending $23 on a chili relleno...I think not.  We finished our beers and our "Herdez" canned tasting salsa and went elsewhere for some real mexican grub.
2	My husband was having some Mexican cravings one night, and as we always try to do to try a new place, we decided to try Los Sombreros which is only a few miles from home. As we pulled in the parking lot, we were surprised how packed the lot is so we thought this was a good choice. At the reception area, we got greeted and seated right away. Service is quite good as glasses with water and menu were handed as we take our seats. A basket of freshly made chips with mild salsa was served as we take time finding a good meal to choose. As we scan the two-page menu, we found the selection to be minimal and somewhat overpriced with only a few items costing to at least less than $10 and the rest within the range of $10-20. The chips and salsa were good enough that we asked for another serving without knowing that this will be charged, it was actually on the menu that per refill costs. Not a good thing I guess. We decided on Simmered pork in a pumpkinseed tomatillo mole sauce, presentation is nice but nothing really special as we take bites of it. It's an entree that comes with choices of refried beans, black beans, rice or vegetables and tortilla. The only thing that made my husband happy with the meal was the hot salsa that really made him sweat like he has never sweat before from eating hot salsa! Overall, the experience didn't leave us happy and will not try to come back here again though I would rate the ambiance and decor high as it is inviting and homey.
2	Meh. The "signature" lamb shank was tough/burned and the adobo was incredibly sour. The server never inquired about the uneaten entree.  The $11 margarita was meh.  The crab and mango salad was good. Not sure the food and service live up to the $pendy prices.
5	Authentic flavors, modern twists.  Food quality was fantastic.  Tequila selection is incredible. The patio seating was fabulous.  Our server was helpful.  Really, nothing more you could ask for.  Will be a new regular spot.
2	Food was decent, but definitely not worth the price.  Dinner for two with 1 drink each was over 60 bucks! For Mexican food! I had roasted pork with a chipotle sauce.  Nothing to write home about, and the sides of rice and beans were more of an afterthought.  The 2 stars in this review are for the pleasant atmosphere on the patio - that was the best part of the meal.
4	AMAZING Tequila selection. Met a friend for an early dinner on the patio. Chips and salsa starters are great.  I had the seafood taco, she had the steak. Both were excellent in taste and size. Prices are a little high, but if you want cheap, Super Burrito is across the street. Great looking place and patio. Service from bartender was friendly.
4	Los Sombreros serves the Mexican delicacy Huitlacoche (Corn Smut in English...I know which language I prefer) which is pretty cool and something everyone should get the chance to try. The place is really cute so a meal out on the patio feels a little like a short trip over the border. The menu doesn't have a lot of options for vegetarians (me) but I still really enjoyed my meal & would come back, that's how much I like this place. My boyfriend & I had:- Queso Fundido with Rajas: Delicious - good real cheese mixed with a lot of peppers & onions. I liked that there was some salsa (or a lot of cooking liquid from the peppers) mixed in with the cheese so it was a lighter fundido than just full on cheese.- Guacamole: Love their guac. It's really chunky & really fresh.- Huitlacoche Crepas: Such an interesting dish & totally unlike what I've had at other Mexican restaurants. The flavor of Huitlacoche is hard to describe - it's savory, a little like mushrooms, has a creamy texture. The flavor combination of the dish was very sweet & savory - savory huitlacoche with sweet pomegranate sauce and seeds with tart blue cheese, all wrapped in a soft crepe. - Carnitas: My boyfriend ordered this and said the meat was really good. The serving size is enough for 2 meals. The corn tortillas that came with it were really good and fresh. The mexican rice and refried beans that came with it were probably not vegetarian and were just average.I noticed in the kitchen they cook over a wood-burning stove, which seemed rather authentic and must make their food that much better. The bar is outside & looks like a beach bar, adding to the fun atmosphere.
4	Great food, great drink. I had the crab enchiladas (very good) and a Margarita Flight (1 Patron, 1 Passion Fruit and 1 I do not remember). This place never disappoints.
1	Tried this place because of a groupon.  Good thing it was at a discount, because it was not worth the money.While the location and building are very authentic and unique for the area, that is about all this place has going for it.I can't give a mexican restaurant a good review when they charge for chips and salsa, especially when the salsa is below average.I ordered the smoked chicken enchiladas and was disappointed.  First the waitress messed up my order.  I clearly said I wanted the beans and rice, this is a mexican restaurant, right?  For some reason my mexican food comes out with grilled seasonal vegetables and black beans.  Umm...ok.  I didn't complain, bc I didn't want to wait any longer for my food.  But this is definitely a first.  Overall, the enchiladas lacked flavor and the tortillas were hard.  I will not return.
4	Thank you, it's good to be back!  I hadn't been to LS in a few years since I don't find myself in that part of town often so I was excited to pick up the Groupon and head back.  After a  not-so-hot Mexican food experience with a friend I wanted to show him what I like.  And now he likes!We got there around 8:30pm on a Sat nite and it was still packed inside so we sat outside since it felt reasonable with the misters.  We each had a Cadillac margarita, eh, was on the plain side.  The chips and salsa were tasty, one roasted tomatillo and the other a chunky tomato with peppers.  Neither overly hot but nice roasted flavors and spices, tasted freshly made.We decided to have an appetizer dinner and went with the crab & mango salad, fish tacos and corn souffle with mole.  The salad was surprisingly filling and had nice, fresh flavors, the fish tacos were really tasty - just enough spice on the fish with a slice of radish, avocado and a little shot of crema.  The corn souffle was our favorite, we thought it was a nice idea.  The mole was nicely developed and went well with the corn souffle, although I think it would've been even better with some peppers in the souffle to add a little more heat against the sweet of the corn and mole.Yes LS is on the pricey and more gourmet side.  If you're interested in nice flavors and interesting plays with Mexican food with quality ingredients then you'd probably like it.  If you're looking to consume mass quantities of cheesy-Mex and not so much savor it then its not for you.  The menu isn't overloaded, but it all looks pretty well planned and sounds tasty to me!
4	I have been dying to come to this place for several years, but just didn't get around to it.  I met the original owner/chef years ago on the way to Mexico City and since then I wanted to visit the restaurant.  Well thanks to Groupon, it was the final motivation to my butt in there.  First off, I don't truly classify this restaurant as "mexican" food as most people know it.  The food is much more complex than typical mexican food and thats the part I love about it.  I was there on a Tuesday evening around 5pm.  The place was already busy inside, but I was never greeted at the entrance by anyone.  I simply walked in, looked around and found more comfort at the bar outside.  The bartender was young, new and not really experienced enough to give me great insight into the menu selections, but that was ok, he was new to the place.  I observed the level of service throughout and service or greeting of people arriving at the restaurant was almost an after thought. But hey, Groupon was expiring and they were getting busy.  It seemed to catch them off guard.  Chips and Salsa were very good and both salsas had excellent, mild flavor, but didn't over power anything.  You could truly enjoy the taste of the salsa.  I wasn't sure if there were nopales in the salsa, so I asked, but didn't get an answer.  I next ordered the Huitlacoche crepas (9.95), they were very good, slightly sweet with plenty of cheese in the crepe and topped with a ample amount of pomegranate.  It was good, but I would not order it again, more because of the sweetness of it, rather than the creation itself.  It was well presented and very tasty.  My meal was brought to me shortly after the arrival of the appetizer, consequently my meal was returned, and later brought back, but not quite as hot.  But it was DELICIOUS.  The Lamb Adobo is certainly an item not to be missed.   It was tender and juicy, ample amount of food and the Adobo (Ancho chilie sauce ))was extremely good.   I had it with a side of rice and beans, although the portions of both were smaller than I would have expected.  The Lamb Adobo is clearly a winner on their menu, and is the motivating factor to return and try other unique and delicious dinners.  I waited for a check for more than 20 minutes and then once the credit card was placed, it took another 10 minutes to notice it.  They were busy, I'll give them that.  However with the food as great as it is, I would hope that service levels could be escalated.  Simple things such as recognizing you when you enter the building even to say "we'll be right with you" is all it takes.  Checking on you after you have your meal are basic service elements that can use improvement at this establishment.  For my first, much anticipated visit, I was relatively disappointed only in the service levels, but certainly not the food.  The food is delciouis and I will be back.
4	Good atmosphere, nice location and decor. I love the bathroom door handles and counterbalance across from the kitchen - my wife loves the red ceiling and brick.Very trendy outdoor eating and bar area, lots of seating - but the bar is tiny, maybe five or six stools.The wait can be an issue, not a place to go if you are in a hurry or starved. Their guacamole is really good, but needs salt and they stuff the bottom of the cool rock bowl with tons of lettuce. The cilantro is a nice touch. Good chips and salsa, why do they charge for it when their entre's are NOT cheap. You pay for the name here, but the quality has not dipped over the years. Really good margaritas, again, a bit overpriced. I am a creature of habit, if I want something different I will go to another restaurant... I always have the Crepas de mariscos - fish/shrimp/crab stuffed enchiladas. Delicious spicy green sauce and the shrimp is NOT over cooked! My wife got the smoked chicken enchilada and liked it - pretty low key response for her, not blown away.  We will go back again, they are 'on par' with Frank and Lupe's which is further north in Old town, I think off Marshall. Nice to have two upscale Mexican restaurants in the same area - we gravitate towards Los Sombreros though...
1	Went with a groupon - Probably the most disappointed i have been with one.  I am not sure what I had as it did not resemble what I had ordered (I thought anyway) and it was tasteless.  I just wanted to be done and really did not want to order anything else.  I have tried many Mexican restaurants in the valley and this has been my only disappointment, normally I am pleasantly surprised.  Sorry folks.
3	First Impressions: Slow service, and seemingly inattentive waiting staff, always busy (in that "will they remember I am sitting here?" kinda way).  The patio is nice to sit at, but that isn't enough to keep me coming back. Maybe I would be more patient on another day, but today I had my five and six year old sons in tow. Don't the wait staff know what a chore it is to keep children seated and entertained while hungry?  There is a special place in hell for restaurateurs that make parents endure this trauma...As I waited for food. I was getting more and more pissed, and I broke out my mobile yelp to draft a scathing review. BUT, then my food came out.  And damned if I wasn't pleasantly surprised.  All the ingredients were super fresh and cooked to perfection (no wilted veggies or overcooked/dry chicken here).  I've been here a few times and never remember being to so impressed.  Not that they were bad before, just not real memorable.  But this meal was _much_ better than the previous occasions. Did they get new kitchen staff? Are my taste buds off today? Or have I just been ordering the wrong entrees all along? Whatever the case--my food today was delicious (I ordered the chicken enchiladas BTW).  SO... I have mixed feelings about this place.  Service did pick up during the end of the night, but at first it was abysmal.  Food was delicious, but previous visits didn't impress.  Drinks were passable.  Chips and salsa, also passable but not great.   Ambiance, very nice.  Overall, I think I will be back.  Maybe it was an off day for service, or maybe it was an exceptional day for the cook.  Who knows.  But they've earned another try.
3	It had been many years since we had been to Los Sombreros, as we usually end up at Frank and Lupes's if we are this close to Old Town. Now, the first issue is the style of the food: some people do not consider ANY kind of Mexican food to be "gourmet" or worth any combo plate being more than $8.95.I grew up on Mexican food, and it's changed to include other areas of Mexico - the seafood of the Yucatan, the European influence of Oaxaca. It's not "fusion"....it's all Mexico, but most of us have had limited exposure to what Mexican food can really do!We arrived early on a Saturday and settled in on the patio - prettier than I remember and furnished nicely. We were immediately welcomed and escorted to a table. They could really use a guitarist on nice evenings. We ordered the Huitlacoche Crepas after I read the reviews here on Yelp. They were in-cred-i-ble with the earthiness of the mushroom-like fungus (sorry, I couldn't come up with a better word), the sweetness of the corn, and the compatible contrast of the cheese and a drizzle of pomagranet sauce. I don't know why a previous reviewer posted regarding the crepes being too sweet, as the sauce was not overly plentiful, and I would not have liked the dish to be swimming in the sweet sauce either. My husband had the carnitas which were wonderfully lean and smoky. However, when he tasted my Smoked Chicken Enchiladas, he absolutely rolled his eyes in ecstasy. Normally, I might have avoided a Tomatillo sauce, as it can be too bright and citrus-y, but this was just a blend of flavors that made me utter continual "Mmmmmmmm's" with every bite, and although I could have finished the plate, I left just enough to enjoy for a small lunch the next day. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! With drinks (3), appetizer, 2 Entrees, tip - the bill was about $100, and worth it. We will be back soon.2nd review - April, 2012  - I have removed a star. The hostess was rude, seating on the front patio is horrendous.....noise, the smell of the street, and the table in the corner sits at such a slant that you have to hold on to your drink. We introduced new Scottsdale residents to the restaurant that night, and they wished we had taken them back to Frank and Lupe's. So, Los Sombreros needs to prioritize consistency  - which probably isn't going to happen in such a small space
2	I used to be a Los Sombrero's local. Started going (1998) before they were in their current location. The past few years Los Sombreros has gone hill. Increasing prices and food not as good. Marg's are subpar now. Los Sombrero's is no longer living up to what it used to be. Food is still good, just no longer great. All great things change and I am sad to see Los Sombreros change for the worse. The original chef/owner Jeff Smedstad has left and started Elote in Sedona - I must try there as I here it's what Los Sombreros used to be.
5	i went there last monday to have some dinner with some friends n WOW the food was awesome , i had the pork with chipotle n its sooooooo good n this is coming from a legit mexican , i will def go back there soon ....... if you go see Arturo the bartender he is very nice .
5	Amazing food and Margaritas! You will not be let down, try the puerco en chipotle!
3	After not having visited Los Sombreros for a few years, my husband and I went back to celebrate his birthday. Right away we were happy with the chips and salsas, and the guacamole was fresh and tasty, but dinner proved to be a mixed experience. We both had the mole poblano, which is shredded chicken in a Puebla-style mole. The mole was fantastic, with a complex and pleasing flavor. The chicken, however, was inconsistent between our two plates. About 90 percent of my chicken was dry; my husband had more moist than dry chicken on his plate. I was disappointed, especially given the cost ($18.95), but the mole sauce helped the dryness, and then there was that lovely, fluffy rice, and the wonderfully creamy refried beans. I'm thinking the dry chicken was due to an off night, but I can't say I'm in a rush to go back. There are too many other good Mexican restaurants in metro Phoenix.
5	Go.  Just do it.  You'll walk in the backside of the restaurant to enter and pass the nice patio.  You'll enter a door that splits the bar from the kitchen.  You'll see lined up a bunch of wonderful appetizers and entrees and you'll wonder why you have put up with inadequate food during your trip to Scottsdale.  You'll sit down and get a wonderful server and laugh and eat (get the guac and queso fundito!) and wonder that maybe there is a bit of magic left in Scottsdale, a town where a lot of the native magic has been bottled and bleed away.It's a great little place and you'll know that for such a small place to make it they have to construct interesting and tasty dishes like Hibiscus Enchiladas.  One of the best meals I've ever had in the Phoenix metro area.  It's a casual, romantic, and fulfilling experience.
5	Great margaritas, gauc, queso, and tacos. We went to lots of fancy restaurants on our trip to Phoenix, but this place was better than all of them.
4	Mole sauce was amazing! Chicken was a little dry, but searously the mole sauce was good enough to eat with a spoon.Skip the fundido.  The waiter could not explain some of the items on the menu, which was funny. The hicima tostado was great!  so was the mango crab salad.
4	Visited for dinner...pleasant surprise.  The ambiance was great and the place very quaint.  I had an iced tea to go with my pollo a la parrilla.  It was great tasting and very authentic food.  Will definitely be back for more!
5	If you can get past the decor and the location, you will love the food. If this place was more north on Scotts Rd and looked nicer, everyone would rave about it. Great, authentic mexican food.
5	This place is the bomb! We've been twice and wouldn't hesitate to go back. The food always exceeds expectations and the patio has such a wonderful ambiance. Definitely recommend the guac and if you're vegetarian try the hibiscus enchiladas. They were so good and I haven't ever seen that dish anywhere else.
5	This is my favorite salsa in the bay area. I get their steak tacos, pico on the side, side of cheese as well. Chop up the jala-pep-pep they give you, add it on there with the cheese, pico, scoop of salsa. Don't forget to squeeze that lime on top. BOOM! I like the greener salsa only. Cannot vouch for anything else on their menu.
4	Hostess seating us was a little disengaged, but that's my only complaint about this place. Started with a great margarita. Appetizer of sopecitos with cochinita pibil. Then had the chiles rellenos and the chicken enchiladas. Fresh, delicious and all prepared with a real homemade feel. Barely had room but made space for the plain flan which was a delight as well. Overall a great meal.
1	I've been going here for years but have noticed in the past year or so a decline in the overall quality of the food and the service.The menu has stayed the same but the food just doesn't have the same attention t detail.Our last visit was over the top disappointing-I ordered the crab mango salad which comes plated in a high mold. I tasted it before I broke open the mold an it tasted weird so I broke it open and a fowl smell hit our party's noses that clearly indicated that the crab had gone south. We asked the waiter to take it away and he came back to show us the can it came in? Okay. I know that can happen but if it does, the manager or owner should have come and something extra done, don't you think? It was taken off the bill. period. I had some of my husband's entree because I didn't want to slow down the rest of the meal.My brother ordered a chicken dish and got enchiladas instead, by the time he had several bites and realized it-we were over it-What happened Los Sombreros?
4	Had lunch here yesterday. The service was very attentive, the food good. The beans are the best I have had in any mexican restaurant. The lamb birria was ok. The guacamole was very good.
4	This is my first dinner stop anytime I'm in Scottsdale, and always makes me look good when I recommend it.This time, the standouts were the ceviche, the crab queso, the lamb adobo, and the  Cadillac marg.  Tablemates had other dishes they raved about.Noteworthy notes:I've not yet sat on the patio, but I can't explain why.  It looks awesome.The margaritas are sufficiently stiff.  They're not my preferred carburetor cleaning strength, but neither are they simply jazzed-up lemonade or those super-acidic-1.0 pH version you get some places.The service was a little lax this time, less attentive than before, and that's the only reason I'm not giving LS a 5 this time.If you're after Mexican when in Scottsdale, this is the first place to point your ride.
3	Relieved to know that there is good Mexican food in Scottsdale.  I was really beginning to wonder...My co-worker found this restaurant on another internet site and we decided to try it out for dinner.  From the outside (Scottsdale Rd), it doesn't look like much.  We were tempted to keep driving and find another spot.  Fortunately, we pulled into the lot in the back and saw the very nice patio and true restaurant entrance.   As has been mentioned, the service was just okay; however, the food made up for it.I recommend the tamales as an appetizer or a light meal.  They were divine!   Also, the crab enchiladas were very good.  You could actually taste (and see) the crab.  I loved the fact that the entree was served with freshly prepared veggies and that you could substitute those for rice and/or beans, if you so choose.    This wasn't a cheap dining experience.  We skipped the margaritas and had iced tea.  The check for two ended up being right around $62 (tip included).  However, I'd definitely return.
1	I will start by saying the smallest tip I have left in 10 years. Family just moved to Phoenix and we were recommended to come here. Many issues with this place:#1. Terrible service.  We literally had to ask for more water and another cocktail more than once and we had to beg for our check (table next to us was asking the same thing - she asked 3 times for their check) #2. Food was bad. Carnitas was plain, plain, plain. My wife's enchilada was cold. #3. Prices were RIDICULOUS!!!! For my wife and I to have enchilada dinner (cheese), carnitas dinner, guacamole with chips, and 2 margaritas was $65.70 before tip. That's insane....oh yeah dinner took 1 hr and 15 mins at a Mexican restaurant. Diners beware!!!
2	For the price, it was definitely not worth it.. Pretty terrible house margarita, too frozen to drink through the straw and pretty flavorless besides the tequila. The tacos were alright, but 3 tiny tacos for $14?? I think it is safe to say I will not be returning.
1	Definitely a place to avoid.  Hopefully it is short lived.  Food actually used to be good, not any longer.  Prices are as other reviewers have noted, absurdly high.  Service is not good.  The salsa,,,bland.  And being the room is small and there were several business diners who have not the tact to keep their voices down, the place was deafening.  Guess one should take a clue as you walk in past dead and dying plants around the place that something has gone very wrong.  Hopefully, the next occupant will be observant of detail.
3	This was a tale of two visits. Both times I of course sat at the bar, but the first outshone the second. My first visit was after I landed in Phoenix and needed some dinner. It was the first spot I saw when I hopped on the road from the hotel so I figured I'd give it a shot. Upon checking out the menu, the Tijuana donkey (instead of Moscow mule) jumped out at me. Turned out they were dangerously delicious. I wanted something light so I asked about the two seafood dishes. The bartender told me he doesn't do seafood. Undeterred I went for the snapper. It was just delicious. Based on that experience, I decided to head back again later in the week. Unfortunately, it turned out to be like reconnecting with that hot girl you had a date with years ago - it didn't quite live up to that memory. The mahi dish was meh at best, and the tortilla soup was just ok as well, lacking flavor. I'm really not sure what to make of the place. I'm going to split the difference and go with three stars.
4	Visisted this restaurant with my family recently.  I lived many years in Mexico so I know what the cusine should be like.  This restaurant is fairly authentic and has many things you don't find in other Mexican restaurants.For the most part, their food is very good.  Of all the things we had, the only thing we didn't like was their "Spanish" rice.  It has an odd flavor because it is spiced with cumin.  Cumin is not used in Mexican cuisine (or if it is, it must be very rare).The better dishes, like Lamb Adobo, are pricier than the usual snack-type meals like tacos but are worth it.  They don't provide complementary chips.  They have them but you have to pay for them (welcome to Scottsdale).  Their salsas have out of the ordinary flavors but are good.  They run mild.  So if you want decent heat, ask for their Habanero sauce.  They have Tecate beer, but not on tap :-(   Margaritas are good.  Their limeade is homemade and good.Their desserts are delicious.  We had flan and a Mexican chocolate creme pie.The service is very authentic.  This means that if you expect American service, you will be disappointed.  Mexican service is deliberately slow and waiters must be summoned for service.  It's a cultural thing.  People are expected to take a long time at meals, eating slowly to enjoy their meal and enjoying each other's company.  If you are in a hurry, this is not the place to go.  If you can handle this type of service, the food is worth the bother.
4	Great vibe, fascinating menu, delightful flavors, nice presentations - I'll be back!
5	The servers here are super friendly and are great at recommending items from the menu and their likes and dislikes about a particular dish. I have eaten at this restaurant a few times and the food has been consistently fresh and excellent in taste and presentation. It is not your typical Mexican food. This place serves dishes that one would not find in Los Olivos or La Tolteca. I had the green and black bean corn tamales. They are phenomenal! The queso fundido dip is fabulous as well. I like how it is a small, quaint place. If you want to avoid the rush go around 4:30 pm. otherwise outside seating will be the next best bet aside from waiting for a table inside since the place holds around 35 people total.
2	I've been talked to go there for several weeks and I refused until yesterday. Being a Mexican food expert makes me pretty reluctant to go to Mexican restaurants outside Mexico. But oh well, I did it.Let's start with the positive. Great patio and dining room. A pretty cool door in the bathroom-although there's rust in the sink and it's not that clean. Service was just OK (there you go, the 2 stars right there).What i didn't like:1. Labeling. It's a pet peeve of mine when restaurants call food a name that it's not accurate. Tortilla soup is more a Caldo Xochitl (tortilla soup has a tomato base broth). Rompope has no tequila.2. Food. Cuitlacoche crepes tasted good but they had an after taste of burned oil. Tortilla soup was lame and well, not a tortilla soup. Mole was thin. Chiles rellenos had like pound and a half or cheese. It was just offensive the amount of cheese stuffed in this things. Bean & cheese tacos (kids menu) were bad. Guacamole was packed with onions and serrano chile, too overwhelming (I belive it was serrano). Rompope was just alcohol with milk, it tasted ok, but nothing impressive. The only dish I really liked was the chocolate cake. That was tasteful. 3. Price. The price is ridiculous, specially what you get for it.Most likely, I won't go back.The best (worst) part is that they rather not accept American Express. They try to push you to use something else. wow
1	Food poisoning, stay away!!I had the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce and completely regretted it that evening and the entire next day. We should've known better since the menus handed to us had an entire meal left on them. Completely unsanitary and disgusting. We went to get our money back which they refunded us only half the bill. When we told them what I ordered, their response was "Yeah, the mole sauce is bad sometimes." Umm, are you kidding me?!Only a matter of days before the Health Department shuts this place down.
4	Great, and unique flavors.  Started with chorizo and black bean fundido.  This came with chips and 2 unique salsas.  We really enjoyed all!  Had the seafood crepes after that per the waitress's recommendation/  Be sure to have the limeade.  It is outstanding.
5	We had such a great time on the patio!  The food was wonderful and the service perfect.  Would recommend this place in a heart beat.
4	Los Sombreros is one of our favorite spots for Mexican food. My husband and I have been going here for years - back when we were first dating! We've always had a good time and a good meal here. However, we've only ever eaten dinner/happy hour here.Our favorite is the Puerco en Chipotle. It's basically a huge portion of slow roasted and extra juicy pork in a chipotle sauce with Oaxaca cheese on top. Oh my god. This just melts in your mouth. The flavors are so good together. I just wish it had more cheese! My husband has had the Lamb adobo before, which is a lamb shank in a spicy sauce. Again, this is really tender and flavorful. I've had the smoked chicken enchilada dinners several times here and they are consistently good. The chicken is flavorful and blends well with the chipotle crema. For happy hour we've had the grilled ribeye steak tacos, guacamole, and well margaritas. Everything was good, but the steak wasn't as tender as the other meats we've had here and probably wouldn't order again. For dessert, they have rotating flan flavors. The traditional flan is my husband's favorite, but mine is the Bailey's/Kahlua flan. Oooh, oh so good. This is a great way to end the night.
4	My first impression was not great because the red cushions on the chairs were pretty dirty.   I ordered 3 tacos $10.95 seafood, fish & shrimp.   It was really wonderful, a great light lunch.  The ingredient were very fresh and flavorful.  My spouse had Crab & mango salad $11.95 which is served with honey-lime vinaigrette.  It was a very attractive presentation and very tasty.  He would highly recommend it.  He also enjoyed a margarita.  They don't have a happy hour, which is to bad.
5	Great service, Excellent Food! Definitely not your typical Mexican restaurant. This was my third visit and every time I order I am pleasantly surprised. Also the atmosphere is cozy and very comfortable. Once again a very nice experience.
3	This place is good, but I think I just ordered the wrong thing. The Hibiscus Enchiladas were just way too sweet for me. I think they should be on the dessert menu and not dinner menu. I'd like to give it another chance and order something else next time, but other than that a good vibe. Seemed like the typical American Mexican restaurant.
1	Did not like the small menu, not enough variety of food!  Way over priced for the quality of food. It is a different type of Mexican food than what I am traditionally used to.. I did not like that they charge for everything, even for rice and beans,also charged $4 for an extra taco for the kids plate!  Probably will not return..
3	Great Mexican food, not so great service. They were really understaffed and it took forever to get in on a Monday night.
1	I would not feed their food to starving ethiopian child. I ordered the chilis rellenos. It was a bowl full oil to start. The batter on the chilis had the texture of soggy bread. The chilis themselves had the consistency of tire that was filled with mozzarella and corn. I am about 90% positive they were frozen to start and just placed in a bowl and microwaved. The overall consensus of the group of 6 I was with was the same or worse. I was nauseated by the smell of my brothers fish which could smelled over the entire patio which was similar to the smell of a tackle box. Everyone is is basing their review off the patio seating but there was nothing more special about it other than the fact it was outside. The most genuine thing there was the mr. Pibb and my discontent.My favorite part of the meal was excusing myself from the table and smoking a cigarette. Even the margaritas and chips and salsa were subpar...didnt know that was plausible. Go to taco bell...
4	We ate inside. We only had to wait a couple of minutes at around 6. The service was very good and attentive. The food also was very good. We had the chips and guacamole and corn bread souffle with mole sauce to start. For main course we had chicken fajita with mole sauce with a side of refried beans and vegetables. I was very satisfied and would come back here again.
4	I've been here a couple of times, and while I find the service only average, the food is amazing!  I ordered seafood tacos the first time and chicken the second (both were wonderful, but really recommend trying the seafood), but from sampling off friends' plates, I feel confident in saying there is nothing bad on the menu.  Everything was delicious!
3	Fairly small place with limited parking in South Scottsdale.  Even though it is South Scottsdale you pay old town or north Scottsdale prices.  The chips and salsas that you get are substandard by comparison to places a lot cheaper. The food does taste excellent, however my wife's chicken came out very raw. They gladly took it back and gave us a free dessert for the problem.  If they had lower prices I would rate it higher but the prices dont justify a higher star rating.
1	Nasty food and even worse drinks. We have better Mexican in New Jersey. The guacamole and patio were the only good things about this place. This is a tourist trap. Do not go here! They do not accept American Express!!!
4	This would be five stars if I wasn't gnawed by no-seeums while seated inside near a window. But I love the wood fire smell from the parilla.  This re-purposed brick house is charming, despite the reluctance of the desert to really vacate the premises.I had a delicious, dark green, tender poblano in white sauce.  It was filled with mixed white and dark meat chicken and queso.  Quak was chunked and distinctly spiced with lime on a too-tall bed of shredded lettuce. Service is a little spacey, but definitely accommodating. Parking is really easy.
2	I wasn't very pleased with the menu choices, and the flavors were either too much or too little of "something" .... but I must say, the service was stellar.
5	When I review a restaurant, I start with the food and work down (service, decor, etc. come AFTER food when making my review.)The food here is OFF THE CHARTS.  The staff was friendly, and the decor was nice with outdoor seating available.  I will be returning here whenever I am in Phoenix area...heck, if I am in New Mexico I might have to make it happen.
5	My visit to Los Sombreros was a wonderful meal overall. The building atmosphere is very authentic to the cuisine and the service is attentive. The menu is pleasantly concise and you won't have to worry about feeling overwhelmed choosing an entree.  I had the smoked chicken enchiladas, one of six or so meat choices, with rice and black beans on the side.  The meal came to the table after a short wait, occupied by a nice serving of homemade tortilla chips & house salsa.  Entrees came garnished with steamed vegetables and were hot and fresh.  I could definitely tell that the tortilla used for the enchiladas was homemade and the sauce was stellar. It was quite flavorful with strong cilantro and garlic tones.  If you do not like cilantro, you may not like the sauce, but I found it to be very fresh and zesty.  An experience well deserving of 5 stars.
4	Good carnitas, guacamole, and margaritas. I loved dining on the patio.  Prices are a tad on the higher side than what I am used to paying for the average Mexican restaurant, but overall I give it a solid 4 stars.  Tip- you may want to make a reservation
3	Charming little place, not very crowded and has a DELIGHTFUL large patio area.  A friend and I came here after a morning with our children at the Desert Botanical Garden, hungry and tired.CONS:Only one person seemed to be working (around 2pm) and we had to wait to be seated and then for menus.There wasn't a lot of menu options, especially for kids.Slow service, No chips and salsa unless you order it (even though the meals were really small).Kind of pricey $10-$12 for 2 or 3 tacos and beans OR rice.The kids meals were teeny tiny, and my daughter never usually finishes any of them.  She could have eaten 3 of the quesadillas, they were so small.  Good thing they were like $1.50 or $2.They got the order wrong, I ordered beans and rice came.  When I got the server's attention and told him, he brought the beans right away.PROS:The food was delicious and unique, like nothing I'd ever had before.  I ordered the seafood tacos and they were great!  My daughter liked her quesadilla.We felt welcome on the patio, even though we stayed for like 3 hours visiting.  Later when we were the only ones there, they didn't mind that our kids went and sat up at a high table by the bar and talked (but they were well behaved).They were friendly and the place was charming and well kept.Kids prices were great, but you might need to order 2.I would love to come back soon but this time I'll order the chips and salsa.
2	My overall rating dipped a star from my last visit.  The service here sucks!  They appeared to be fully staffed during the dinner hour, yet it took more than five minutes for someone to acknowledge my presence at the wait stand.  Employees were milling around tending to more important stuff, I guess.  Not sure what ranks above a potential paying customer. When I was finally seated and attended to, it didn't get much better.  The waiter was curt and impatient.  The food wasn't bad.  I opted for a house margarita (no bueno/poorly made) and two of the appetizers.  I must say the appetizers were great. This restaurant offers a twist on what I consider traditional Mexical cuisine.  They do a nice job so the flavors aren't so outlandish and out of line with what you're expecting.  They also provide you with chips and salsa to start.  The chips were light, crispy and freshly made; however, the salsa left tons to be desired.  They brought two varieties out with the chips and I didn't care for either one.  Both lacked flavor. Los Sombreros could really improve in my eyes if they acted like they gave a damn about their customers.  I didn't get that impression on either visit.
4	I've been to Los Sombreros a few times and really enjoy the al fresco dining on their cozy patio. This is a great date night restaurant. I stay away from the indoor dining area because it tends to be a bit claustrophobic for me. Anything with Carnitas ($18.95) is fabulous but the price is pretty hefty in my opinion. The service is usually pretty decent. I've never had a problem with parking like some other yelpers have mentioned. There is a parking lot and also some street parking.If this place was closer to mi casa I would be a regular at this place.
4	The best mexican in Scottsdale. Delcious chips and salsa and guac. I had the duck enchiladas and washed it down with a strong Margarita. A must visit when you are in the area
5	Awesome!!!
5	We went here because Zagat said "this is where the locals go," and we were not let down. Authentic and flavorful food makes this a must-stop location on our trips here. While your food cooks, nothing beats a great-made ice-cold margarita after a hot golf round.
4	Los Sombreros offers much more on the menu than most Mexican Restaurants I've been too. They offer many plates with interesting ingredient combinations of all kinds and a wide selection of different proteins for dinner that includes different fish options. I noticed a charge on the menu for chips and salsa but depending on what you order the fee is waved as we didn't ask for chips and salsa but they were given to us. I do note the chips were thin and hot and fresh and seemed free of grease. The one smooth tomato salsa was very hot and the other salsa was chunky and very smokey.One of the MOST DELICIOUS THINGS I TRIED THIS YEAR was the Huitlacohe crepas from here.  For those who are unfamiliar with Huitiacohe it's considered to be a delicacy and grows on sick corn and is also called a Mexican Truffle. BUT I DO NOTE the crepes had so many flavors and textures in them I didn't recognize the Huitlacohe in them and I had Huitlacohe in Mexico a bunch of times and here in the valley a few times so I know what to look for. But the crepes were so delicious it doesn't matter to me. The lightly buttered thin perfect crepes with tasty fresh sweet corn, just the right amount of blue and goat cheese fot the right amount of tang and salt. Maybe the huitiacohe was part of the magic to the blend of flavors. Chewy cranberries and that drizzle of pomegranate sauce It was so good I will have a difficult time to come here and not order it again. Honestly I could enjoy this plate as a dessert because it did have some sweetness to it. I think it could be an EXCELLENT dessert plate.I had trout like I never had it before. For one thing the portion was very large and I had to take half of it home. The fish was in a familiar lemon butter with capers sauce but it was topped with pickled cauliflower salad with almonds and caramelized onions. It was very unusual. I really enjoyed the side vegetables as they were so fresh and cooked but crispy and cut the right size for eating easily. The mixed vegetables had a surprise of crunchy chayote squash in them that livened them up. The side of rice was seasoned in a very tasty way too.My companion had the Pork Chipotle and he said it was moist and very flavorful he enjoyed it very much.I noticed they have a nice patio but in the 110 degree weather it's too hot to sit outside so we had to dine indoors. The inside is somewhat small and crammed. The few small normal tables were already occupied so we had to sit at a high top table. That really is the only thing I didn't care for since I'm only five foot zero i have to leap up and try to land on the sliding cushion and some how rock the chair to push it in.Service was friendly , cheerful and efficient.
4	The Los Sombreros 10 Course Tasting Menu ($50. for TWO) is PHENOMENAL and is something you shouldn't miss out on if you are thinking of trying flavors of Central Mexico as the special will end sometime call or check website. I was told they are extending the special past August to promote the new menu and new restaurant they are opening.You get. Chips and two Fresh Salsas.Two cups Pozole SoupTwo Hibiscus TaquitosFig & Panela Cheese SaladShrimp & Papaya SaladSalmon with Mango SalsaTrout with Almonds in Lemon Butter & CapersChile Rellenos with Beef PicadilloPechuga Rellena (Stuffed Chicken Breast in Chipotle Tomato Sauce)Pork Loin with Tamarind MoleHouse Made Piloncillo Ice CreamEverything had delicious flavors.I never had Hibiscus Taquitos before and they were a stand out. A little sweet and cheesy and tangy they were delicious.The Chile Relleno stuffed with Beef were very unlike any other I had before being much lighter and MUCH tastier than any other I ever had. I liked that they weren't a fried battered kind like you get at most places and only had just the right touch of cheese on them.The four entrees were all delicious but a few were over cooked but very ACCEPTABLE and that is the only reason I didn't up this place to five stars but I was five stars happy.The house made Ice cream was very fresh tasting and the most creamy ice cream I remember trying in a while.This place is far above average and is very good but it's a small place and many tables inside are high tops.4.5 Stars
5	Authentic.  Check out the back patio and bar rather than the interior restaurant.
3	Ambitious menu with dishes and prices that would rival Barrio Cafe.  Unfortunately it hasn't distinguished itself from such lofty company or even pulled ahead of the multitude other Mexican spots in the Valley.
3	I had the 10 course meal. $50. First let me say the service is always on point and that matters alot when you go out. Damn near makes up for the food. Let me start by saying being the son of a mexican chef makes me very, very judgmental. But I can still be fair.The pozole was good. 3.5 stars out five. Good broth and meat.The hibiscus tacos were ok. 2.5 stars. Nothing you would order again.The fig and panela salad was good. 3 stars. Cheese and dressing were great.Shrimp and Papaya salad was ok. 2 stars. Shrimp was old (typical AZ shrimp)Salmon was great! 4 stars. I would order it again.Trout was ok. 2 stars. AZ Fish not very good.Stuffed chicken was great! 4 stars. I mean its stuffed chicken, how can it go wrong?Chile relleno with beef picadillo. Now the star of this show, 5 stars. The inside reminded of a desert they make in Sonora, MX. Its called capirotada. Its sweet and salty, maybe a hint a syrup?Pork loin. 2 stars. Not very inspiringPiloncillo Ice cream. 3 stars. It need something to cut the same flavor profile and make it a complete desert.Look, I know people say its great, but Barrio Cafe is way better with the same $$ point and flavor profile.I want to like it. I really do. But its not what it is cracked up to be.
5	No matter what your heritage, there is something great for you here.  Service staff is above and beyond.  I got a sense of dining at home.  Love the atmosphere.
4	This place has a nice Texas meets Arizona feel to it. The chips and salsa are wonderful. Had the crunchy tacos... True to their word, they are crunchy. Go for the prime rib soft tacos and you won't be disappointed.
5	First time here, came on a Sunday night for dinner. The inside is fairly small, but cozy. They have a large patio dining area with nice lights up, but it's too cold for that so no one was out there. They have some interesting menu items that I've never seen before. My husband and I got the fig and panela cheese salad, the hibiscus enchiladas (yep, the flowers) and the huitlacoche crepas which is apparently a type of mushroom, or fungus, that grows on corn. Sounds like we eat weird stuff huh? Maybe so. The salad had nice bite-size pieces of dried figs and cheese with a balsamic dressing. The hibiscus enchiladas had a sweet/tangy flavor to them with a nice side of sauteed vegetables. The crepas were soft and tangy with goat cheese and pomegranate sauce. I was impressed by all three!  They also bring out chips with two types of salsa. Good service as well!
5	Went here with family and had a great time!! We tried to make a reservation earlier in the day but were told that the time we wanted wasn't available to so we took the risk and walked in with a party of 6 on a Friday night at 7:30. And to our surprise we were able walk in and get a table! Our server was friendly and very knowledgeable. ALL of the food was fantastic and super authentic! They have a great patio area that would be great to check out when the weather is right! Would definitely go back again!!!
3	Well we came prepared for a great meal. Knowing the owner was associated with the owner of Elote Cafe, a restaurant we love in Sedona we came in with a hungry stomach and high expectations, only to be pretty disappointed. The salsa was okay, it was served in a chipped bowl which is not very professional. The guacamole was actually very good, the best part of the meal. I got the tacos and my husband got the chile relleno. While he enjoyed them, they were still mediocre and so were my tacos, at least For the price. They were not very good. I expected more freshness and spice, and they were very bland. Service was okay. Got what we needed but we didn't have a knowledgable server who was able to describe dishes and make recommendations, he merely took the order and delivered the food. I honestly wouldn't go back, not for the price and the quality.
5	Very attentive service and the food is unique and very good. Nice to have a 2nd location!
5	This restaurant is a neighborhood gem.  The food is always good and authentic, and the service couldn't be better.  It's so nice to be appreciated--when we came in the hostess immediately recognized us and welcomed us back.  The food was incredible and the margueritas the best in the city.  Especially good are the tamales and the enchiladas.  My husband enjoyed the corn chowder and his three tacos.  Try the hibiscus tacos for something out of the ordinary!
4	I had the carnitas soft tacos and wifey had the crunchy chicken tacos. Both delicious. Although there was only one server she did an amazing job serving the outside patio. She kicked ass and made it enjoyable for a great lunch on the patio. Will return soon. Oh and the house margarita's are fresh and left me with a buzz yeaaahhh
4	Really good authentic Mexican food.  Great outdoor bar with a great bartender.  Love it.  Try the shrimp fundido!
5	Never sure what your going to get at a Mexican place, but this was awesome!  Smoked chicken enchilada were amazing as was their guacamole and margaritas!  Btw, they had two pages of margarita choices!
4	Great- pass on the tamales and chocolate tamale. Just not the best corn mesa. Great mole. Shrimp over cooked, but sauce was amazing.
4	Due diligence pays off as a continued exploration of the menu uncovers many flavors indigenous to Central Mexico that we typically don't encounter here. Most items won't have the heavy cheeses and sauces that cover up inferior dishes from other spots.  The more I eat here the more I miss the time I spent in Queretero, Mexico.
1	I had two experiences with Los Sombreros .... One dining and one trying to get a reservation for a large party. My future in-laws were trying to decide on a place to make a reservation for about 20 people for dinner two nights before my fiance's and mine wedding.  They sent us on a mission to try out Old Tortilla Factory and Carlsbad Tavern.  We knew the atmosphere of Carlsbad Tavern, knew it wasn't what they were looking for, and found Los Sombreros on yelp.  They had good reviews and what looked like a very cozy atmosphere on the patio so we gave it a try.  We tried both restaurants and could not express how much better Los Sombreros was, the atmosphere, the food, the service .... hands down, we wanted them to book the dinner reservation here.  Well that's where my five-star review is a one-star review and I felt the experience trying to book the reservation outweighed the dinner service so they now have a one-star review.  My in-laws called them, spoke to Miriam and requested to reserve the patio for the night in question (mind you, this was about 6 weeks out so we were giving them plenty of time .... they said the more time we could give them, the better it was for them).  Miriam took the reservation but needed a credit card to hold the spot.  My in-laws thought that was weird but gave it to them anyway.  There were a few questions that she couldn't answer so requested their contact information to have her manager Jesus call them back the next day. No one ever called them back so two nights later they called again and reached Umberto.  They explained what had happened and that no one called them back and requested to speak to a manager. Umberto asked how he could help so my in-laws thought they were speaking to a manager and proceeded to tell him that they spoke to Miriam but because no one had ever called them back, they wanted to cancel the reservation.  When my in-laws said they were going to cancel the reservation, Umberto said "well we already have your credit card number".  My in-laws had to cancel their credit card number because they were afraid they would be charged for the reservation of 20 people anyway! How can you ever recommend a restaurant that you're trying to give them a party of 20 people on a normally not too busy night (Thursday night) and they still threaten to charge your credit card because they have the number? We will never go back and I definitely can't recommend it to anyone.
4	On our way to the airport, we stopped here for lunch.  Really cute place-  great patio seating and would probably look amazing at night.  The menu is really interesting.  My kids had quesadillas and my husband had the soft beef tacos and I had the chicken enmolada.  The food was really tasty- great flavors.  The service was fast.  Great little stop.
3	I arrived at Los Sombrero's around 7:30 pm on a Friday night. Although it's located on a major street, the restaurant has a nice 'tucked-away' feeling. There was plenty of parking, and plenty of seating, which I definitely was not expecting on a Friday night. While it wasn't busy, it was by no means a ghost town. There were plenty of people there to give it a lively atmosphere, but there was enough space to give it a more private feel in the outdoors area where my girlfriend and I sat. Our waitress came to us rather quickly after we were seated. She was professional, friendly, and very efficient all evening. The food was good, not amazing. I ordered 3 soft shell chicken tacos, and the portions were not huge. I ordered a side of rice too, but wasn't a huge fan of it and felt that it was a tad overcooked.The chips and salsa that we had was absolutely delicious! I was a very big fan of the salsa, as well as the chips. All in all, the atmosphere was fun, but nothing too special. The food was average, but the service was great.
5	This place is the best. I love their food.  They've always been great about doing special orders - vegetarian without cheese- and it still tastes authentic.  Check out their happy hour too-- they don't get a lot of people for it, but it's pretty good.
3	My wife and I travel to Arizona on occasion to visit my daughter and Los Sombreros was a big favorite of ours. After a several year hiatus we returned and came back looking forward to another great meal. Unfortunately, it was only so so. From reading the reviews, evidently the husband/wife team here have divorced and the wife now runs this location while the husband has opened a new place in Sedona. We ate on the patio as always and both had the snapper fish dish. Previously it was a whole fish, now just a filet and nothing special. The chips, two salsas and guacamole wee great, everything else just OK. This restaurant always seemed to be a great example of authentic Mexican cuisine, now that best thing I can say about it is that's it's better that the national chains. Next visit I'll be exploring other Mexican restaurants in the area and hoping that Los Sombreros will return to its formal glory. Will also try the husbands place in Sedona to see what he's up to.
4	I got the pork chipotle and my wife got the smoked chicken enchilada. Mine was good, hers was great!
3	Was expecting a lot more.  Food was pretty good.  Salsa and chips were awesome.  Service was definitely sub-par.  We had to ask for drinks.  We had to ask for water.  We had to ask for more salsa and chips.  Sigh. And every time we asked, the waiter would look at ask like "really - you want more water?"  Then, even though it was a Wednesday night and not crowded at all, they kept trying to kick us out (they tried to take my plate twice while I was still eating).  I probably won't go again.
5	Great place for authentic Mexican food. Having been the Valley for five years now and trying multiple Mexican restaurants, this place is one of the best there is. Atmosphere is very quaint and nice, and great drink selections. Tried the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were amazing. Everyone check this place out.
4	So, if you're looking for traditional or gringo Mexican, I don't think this is your bag. But it was good for what it was! You've got to order the chorizo queso fundido and the shrimp dish with bacon. So yummy. Service was a little spotty, but a good vibe overall.
3	I purchased a coupon, this was my first time there and I went for lunch with a friend who had also never been.It is a very nice atmosphere and more upscale than I was expecting.  We were taken to tall tables just off the bar.  I only saw one other couple in there and they were in another room with lots of windows.  The bar area is a bit dark but very nice.Our waiter brought us their drink menu and dinner menu.  Since I'd just been on their website I knew they had a lunch menu with $9.95 specials.  Even though we were there at 12:30 pm we had to specifically ask for their lunch menu.  This was red-flag #1.My friend wanted one of those special margaritas whereas I asked for "just a plane old margarita."  The waiter said "so you want the 'house' margarita'" and walked away.  Both margaritas were very good, my friend was particularly pleased with his.  Mine was a little fancy for my taste.He ordered the Chicken Enchilada and really liked it.  I ordered Chile Relleno, and while it was prepared very well, it wasn't like any Chile Relleno I'd ever had before.  It had a sweet taste to it and was very rich.  While I believe many would really enjoy the way they prepared, I wouldn't order it again.  I'm much more of a plane-Jane sort of guy.When the bill came we were charged for two of the special margaritas my friend had ordered ($10/each).  We asked about it and the waiter said "that's just the way it comes up on the register; they're both the same price so it doesn't matter."  I wanted to know how a plane old margarita could be the same price as a "special" margarita and he explained that he'd brought me a "house" margarita, not a "well" margarita.  I guess a "well" margarita was what I thought my vocabulary was asking for but somehow things got confused in the translation.  This was red-flag #2.My friend will most definitely go back and take his wife.  He knows margaritas and prides himself in making them himself and immediately knew theirs were made with fresh lemons.  The waiter confirmed this.While I wouldn't avoid this place, and even though they have very good food, drinks, and atmosphere, I'm the sort of person that is put-off by multiple red-flags.  Red-flags in this instance translate to "not total honesty."
4	Simply delish!!!!  And gluten free friendly.  Not your typical Mexican food, a bit more "interior," many made with seafood.  Highly recommend!
5	We have been fans of Los Sombreros for a long time. We used to drive to their South Scottsdale location for great food. We were very pleased when they opened a North Scottsdale location. The owner rotates the kitchen staff between locations so the food quality is consistent. The ingredients are top notch and fresh. The food is not the typical Tex-Mex that we're all used to in Arizona. This food is from    central Mexico and delicious. Some of my favorites are the hibiscus tacos and enchiladas. All of the pork dishes are great. The adobo sauce is superb. It is a special treat to find huitlacochi on a menu. The chocolate tamale is a wonderful desert. Try this restaurant at either location. It's great!
4	This is authentic Mexican food. If you're looking for Tex-Mex or fresh-mex, this is not the place for you. (Think googling food items or speaking Spanish) they are pretty pricey (two people for $60), and have a lot of stipulations like not splitting checks and limits on soft drink refills. Overall, our was a fun environment and good service. We went at 5pm on a Monday, and it was not crowded, but I imagine it gets much more crowded toward the weekend and with all the students. There is a whole outdoor patio/dining room and bar separate from the main dining room. It's an adorable building. Check out the bathroom doors, they are AWESOME!
5	Los Sombreros Mexican Food is one of the best restaurants I have come across in central Arizona.  This is the original location, the other is further north.  The food is very much like what I have eaten in Mexico City, D.F. down through Guatemala and Honduras - so it is not your typical Sonoran style Mexican food so often served in Phoenix.  I had the potato tacos - really small, but absolutely totally filling and tasty.  Their salsas are different than anything I have tried at other restaurants - very pleasant taste, and not too hot.  Everything is made 100% from scratch, so that makes the higher prices worth it, in my opinion.  Service was excellent.
5	I stopped here on my way to Carefree,  AZ. It was a lovely day to dine outside in their patio area. The food was also very good. I had the enchiladas de la plaza. The amount of food you get is more than enough. They also bring out chips with salsa before your meal.
1	The one and only star is for the bartender. Mike. He was amazing. Friendly and knowledgable. That said, I've never had mexican food I didn't like. I knew as soon as I tasted the chips and salsa- terrible - that I was in for bad food. Guacamole needed salt. Chips needed salt. Rice was the worst I've ever had. Chili Relleno was almost not edible. Service was HORRIBLE - didn't take our order until AFTER appetizers were served. It was a large party- but still. Some liked it. Said the mole was great. My husband had the salmon. It was ok. But for me- awful.
1	The service was extremely slow. We had to get our own water pitcher after waiting 20 minutes! The good was okay, but over-priced. We won't eat here again.
5	We sat on the patio at the south location, the staff were very friendly helpful, I loved salmon with vegetables and beans, they were tasty and very clean. I also love the lamb adobo and the Mexican chocolate pie was a revelation.
5	Was recommended by a local and it lived up to it! Everything was excellent. Definitely coming again!
5	Good authentic Mexican. You can tell the food is homemade, good quality and fresh! I liked that it wasn't greasy like other cheaper Mexican.
3	the food far surpassed the service. my waitress seemed annoyed when i asked her questions about the food. saying over and over "its so good" to describe things
3	Went to Sombrero, food was good it was ok, nothing special.  Although the service was good, nice atmosphere.    I definately prefer "Richardsons Cusine of New Mexico".  Unquestionally the finest southwest food in the valley.  The rellenios are exceptional, same with the enchiladas.  The Beans the best.  Margaritas are outstanding.  Try it http://richardsonsnm.com/  . Dont get me wrong I will go back to Sombrero
5	When our Los Angeles, Boston, Bay Area, and Louisiana foodie relatives come to town, where do they want to go first? To our neighborhood Mexican soul food spot, Los Sombreros. Trust me: this is not Tex-Mex. We all have our favorites: one of my sons loves the crab enchiladas, the other loves the puerco en chipotle, while my husband and I tend to go back time and time again to the chicken enmolada with mole poblano sauce. We always start with the guacamole and ask upon arrival for the kitchen to make sure they reserve a piece of the Mexican chocolate cream pie for us-- luscious. Tonight, after stressful days, we empty nesters knew it was a Los Sombreros night and headed in for our comfort food. Thankful that this treasure is here!
