5	Great group of guys @ Jet Autoworks. They always have everything I want in stock, if not the get it very quick. I highly recommend this shop to any import enthusiasts in Las Vegas. Good selection, great prices, great inventory,  and to top it off they awesome knowledge of the cars they have parts for and service every day easily 5 stars all day. Keep up the great work!
5	Quality parts sold here, you can check out the pictures.. Exceptional, friendly customer service. IF you don't see what you want they're more than happy to order what you need. They also have a garage in the back if you need work done.  I've never once had an issue.  They're informative and will help you if you're not sure about a part/mod/upgrade.  They're specialties are Hondas, and Acuras. They usually post to facebook what's in stock or on sale (Black Friday events). They have a built race car on their facebook page check it out here. https://www.facebook.com/jet.autowerks
5	Seemed like another cool shop in Vegas. Had what I needed in stock. Didn't feel rushed or anything. Was a nice experience. Will come back for some parts here and there!
5	What a great group of guys working here. They have this shop to make a small honest living- not to over price strangers and try to up sale everything. This place over stocks everything and if they don't have it, they will probably order it because you want it and over stock on it. I recommend going here for your small parts and accessories.
5	Theses guys had what I needed in stock and at a reasonable price. I didn't feel rush or pushed to buy some other parts when I was just browsing. This will most likely be the place I buy all my parts from now on.
5	I have always had them do my car. They have passion in what they do and they take great pride in the results they do. I wont ever go to any other shop. This place has proved my loyalty as a forever client. I love them and I love this place only because now I have peace of mind. They are trustworthy and they dont take advantage. This shop I will always continue to support. :)
1	I went in for HID headlights and was a horrible experience. They told me to come in the next day but never mentioned they closed early, so once I arrived they told me to come back next week because they were closed. They didn't care about any of the customers that came in. Made it awkward for the guest inside, on top of the price for the lights which was way cheaper in other places plus better service. Overall I highly recommend you don't waste your time or money on this place it's not worth the price and especially not the service .
