1	The interior of this newly remodeled space is beautiful and inspiring, and we were excited.  First off, our waitress was highly unskilled, fidgety and downright uncomfortable.  She babbled about the menu, and steered us away from the most exciting concept of this new "American" cuisine restaurant....the supposedly locally grown monthly chef's menu.  She noted several times that they were proud of their "scratch" kitchen, and the menu had our mouths watering.  Everything was just OK at this point - we weren't going to let a bad server ruin our night.  Until every other waiter offered their tables bread but ours, so we sat for 40 min. with no bread, no visit from our waitress, who was busy goofing off and flirting with everything and everyone on staff.  When our food finally came, we realized REALLY quickly, that there was nothing fresh nor creative, nor yummy about this food.  It was so disappointing.  On top of it all, it was super expensive.  I paid $22 for a steak and $25 for ribs that I could have gotten better at Perkins off the beltline, and I would never even go there.  We wondered how the food could have possibly been executed so poorly.The food/veggies was so overcooked and felt like the whole meal came "fresh" from the microwave or a leftover Tupperware container.  Mashed potatoes were clearly from powder and scooped onto the plate with an industrial scooper, the BBQ sauce tasted allot like the Kraft crap at the grocery store. I guess all we were missing were the Bush's baked beans, b/c EVERYTHING was from a can not from scratch.  We were sad.The worst part about this place is that it could be so great.  The menu, if cooked and presented properly is a great concept, they have obviously dumped allot of money into this place.  I hope that the investors wake up soon, try the amazing food of their competitors in town (Harvest, Sardine, Brasserie V, Quivey's Grove, Great Dane...and the list goes on), study the competitive pricing, and get the chef some cooking lessons.  Also, stop lying to customers about everything being from scratch!
1	As soon as my husband and I walked in, we knew that it wasn't "Good Times" anymore. Kickshaw is completely overpriced and the food is bland.It wasn't that I had a bad experience... it's just that I was disappointed and expected SO much more... I will not be returning here again nor do I recommend this place to a friend... not even a friend of a friend...
1	I wanted to love it, but there just isn't anything to love.  I went on the first night they were open to the public and was shocked by the poor quality and preparation of the food.  Thinking I judged it too harshly on the first go round, I went back a month later and it was still terrible.  This was the first time I've ever been served burnt steak and frozen cookies together in the same meal.I appreciate the idea and all of the effort that went into the new look and menu, but the food falls very short.
2	Nice place, the food though seemed amateur the side salads looked like I just dumped them out of a bag threw baby carrots and grape tomatoes on them. the crab cake was good but only one and poorly plated for 10 dollars though seemed like there should have been at least two of them. I had the herb roasted half chicken with wild rice and baby corn and more baby carrots. it was ok but not great. my friend had the 8oz filet with mashed potatoes baby corn and more baby carrots. the steak was not at all worth 25 dollars it was 2 pieces of meat they were tender but looked like pot roast.  So overall felt like i got ripped off and probably would just go back for drinks and maybe cheaper appetizers.
5	I'm so disappointed to read the other reviews because our many experiences at Kickshaw have been quite different from those reported. We met Chef Colin on our very first visit while enjoying some of the more interesting dishes we've had in quite some time. I doubt that anyone could argue that the menu at Kickshaw is anything but creative and inspired. The tuna tartare appetizer with wasabi sorbet is delightful, and the monthly menu is truly original. On subsequent visits we have enjoyed aged beef, scallops, octopus and salmon, duck, beet risotto, beef tenderloin paired with an incredible saffron-citrus sauce... the list goes on. And the there are the chocolate-dipped potato chips, original cocktails and house-made liqueurs. Fantastic. Chef Colin is hell-bent on pleasing his customers and it really shows.  This place is top-shelf. Check it out.
2	After hearing both good and bad things about Kickshaw, my wife and I decided to try it out finally.Walking in, it pretty much looks the same to me as it did when it was Fitch's and Goodtimes (minus all the kids games that I have a hard time figuring out).  We were seated right away and the service was good.  No complaints.The appetizer of the cheese straws were about what we expected except when I normally get cheese stix and cheese curds, the cheese is melted inside.  Not in this case and they lacked in flavor.  Not a big fan at all.  I ordered the Horseradish Scallops and upon arrival I was impressed with the presentation and also the scallops as well.   However after the first scallop the combination of the scallops and horseradish sauce got old to me.Nothing on the menu jumped out at my wife at all.  She looked and looked and could not find anything she desired at that time (might I add she is 6.5 months pregnant so her desires in food is off a bit).   She settled on the Three cheese Mac & Cheese that was very good and came in a large portion.  Personally I thought it was ok and Kraft is still better.Overall we enjoyed Kickshaw but it will not be first on our list of places to go out and get dinner on a regular basis.
3	I'd like to give it four stars because of the service but overall the food was just OK. It wasn't terrific but was good. All menu items are somewhat innovative but not inspiring. Our meals were pretty good but their children's menu is a little lacking also our deserts were totally frozen and inedible and had to be sent back. We'll be back but were not in a hurry to do so.
1	We ended up at Kickshaw because my parents couldn't get a table at what is reputed to be a much better restaurant.The best part of the meal was the cocktails.  I had an excellent dirty martini (called filthy) and my wife was pleased with her sidecar.  From that point, things took a clear, but slow and steady decline. We tried to order the charcuterie plate starter, but it was unavailable because they were out of that and because they were changing the menu on Monday (this, on a Saturday night).  So we ordered the locally sourced cheese platter. We were presented with four miniscule pieces of cheese, a few small pieces of bread, a handful of mixed nuts, and some grapes -- overpriced at $12.  We were told we'd have some sort of bread on the table, but that never materialized.After being pestered by the waiter a few too many times (admittedly, one of my pet peeves), we ordered our entrees. My rack of ribs was decently cooked, but smothered with a non-descript barbecue sauce and accompanied by a smallish pile of bland mashed potatoes and a dark pile of what turned to be, on closer investigation, a mush of chopped raisins and shredded red cabbage, cooked into submission.It seemed as though all four of us might be interested in dessert, but it was not to be. Of the eight items on the menu, only two were available, again because they were changing the menu in a couple of days. This time, the hapless waiter took the opportunity to tell us about the excellent creme brulee that would be available on Monday, when the started serving the new menu. We were not only unable order from the existing menu, but where then told about something that would be on the new menu that we could not have (and I love creme brulee, so that was particularly galling).Oh, and one more thing -- all of the glasses, for wine, water or cocktails, were covered with water spots.  That's just unprofessional.
1	IT'S CLOSED! no longer in business.
