4	This place is a hit or miss.  When it is a hit, it's a 4 star, when it miss, it's a 2 star...Jjampong-spicy is the only thing I taste. It looks great with the seafood and veggies, but that's about it.  Jjajangmyeon-have it the second time here and it was good.  Has bitty  chunks of what I look for in a nice bowl of jjangmyeon, the meat and veggies.  The noodle was nice, not too chewy, not too mushy..just right.  What I like is that they have 2 sizes, the small for $4.95, and the regular for $6.95.  The small was more than enough for me.Beef Noodle Soup-The first time I had it here, I fell in love...the beef and tendon was soooo tendor along with green healthy looking baby bok choy, in a nice succulent broth, accompanied by nicely cooked noodles.  The second time, the meat was not tender, and I wasn't too happy...The third time...which is this time...was like the first time when I fell in love with it.They serve  you hot tea and side dishes (kim chi and daikon) with your food.Service is good.  They are nice ladies.    Whenever I am in the mood for the beef noodle soup, I will definitely call and inquire to ensure that the beef is tender in the beef noodle soup prior to my visit.
3	Not the best value.. Anything you order here is 1 pack of Shin Ramyun with added something, costing $7.99 and upwards. If you order something spicy from the menu, guess what? They just choose Shin Ramyun that has a spicy flavor packet.The price of something like beef with broccoli, something you can get at a nearby Panda Express for $4.99 max, is over $9.99. I would recommend the Taiwanese place a couple doors to the left for an really delicious meal for a lot cheaper.
3	Had to try this place because it has jjambbong, my absolute favorite! Once again, still no New York or LA :(. So far I've tried the one in Greenland Supermarket, Jin Mee, Elephant Snack, Beijing on S. Eastern, and 2010 (which is more like udon there, but still delicious).... nobody has a 5-star bowl of jjajangmyun or jjambbong yet! If anybody knows of another place I should absolutely try please message me and let me know!As for the food in general, their jjambbong is not bad. It's right about the same ranking as Jin Mee or Elephant Snack in my book. It's definitely better than the one in Elephant Snack. I like that you can order a small bowl of jjajangmyun on the side and enjoy the best of both worlds. I went there with a friend and he ordered the fish with black bean sauce and it was fantastic (a little salty). I asked for my usual bowl of jjambbong as spicy as humanly possible with extra noodles and a small side of jjajangmyun to share with my friend. They can be more generous with the seafood in the jjambbong as well... I think I only had one mussel and 2 pieces of shrimp. The service is nothing special.... it's a typical Chinese Korean restaurant in Vegas. Not very friendly, but not rude, and the food comes out pretty quickly. The bill came out to about $20, which is a great deal! Honestly, I will keep coming back here until I find a place with better jjambbong. In the meantime, their price is reasonable and their food is overall decent so it gets a thumbs-up from me.
4	I was starving and sick from a bad sinus infection... My cravings were something fried, but also wanted some spicy soup to balance the two out. My thoughts were Tang Soo Yook and Jjampong!!! We walked in a few minutes before closing and asked the server if she was still serving... she went back to the kitchen to see if the light was still on. If the light is on, that means the Chef can still cook for us and luckily it was!!!I enjoyed their Tang Soo Yook, which is a deep fried pork that comes with a tangy jelly-like sauce.. similar to sweet and sour that they give you on the side to pour over. This came out steamy, hot!!! Tasted fresh and love the tempura/cornstarch batter that makes this deep fried pork so delightful to eat. The oil that was used seem new and made this dish taste light and perfectly crisp. Each bite was pipin' hot and delicious. The sauce that completes this dish consists of sliced cucumber, carrot, napa cabbage, wood ear mushrooms, and onion. I would say, without this sauce.. it would be very plain jane and definitely wouldn't be as good. Love!My minus one star was the Jjampong. Although it had chunks of seafood, it lacked flavor tremendously. It was like putting chunks of cayenne pepper in water and heating it up. The spices didn't really do it for me and I felt like there were some missing ingredients that could have done wonders for this soup. That was the only thing that wasn't so great, but I did enjoy the texture of the noodles in this soup very much. Their side dishes is very limited to only daikon and kimchi. But their kimchi is very notable... my Father loves the kimchi here and so do I. Small bite size square cut shaped, lightly seasoned, crisp, with a solid homemade taste. If they sold this by the jar, I would definitely buy a few :) Delicious.This restaurant is also very known for their Jjajangmyun. A thick black soybean paste sauce with diced meat (pork) and vegetables (mainly diced onion). Normally, if you ask for Jjajangmyun, the sauce is already pre-made, but you can ask the server to cook the sauce fresh, which is called Gan Jjajang myun. If you like your vegetables cooked well, then order Jjajangmyun. If you like your vegetables semi-raw, then you will enjoy Gan Jjajang myun. I enjoy mine cooked well and so does my Mother. My Father, on the other hand orders the semi-raw. I don't think anybody knows that they can order it this way, so just sharing how my Family and I order our food choices here.The location is somewhat hidden.. it's tucked in a corner nearby 168 market.. in between the Furniture Store and Nelson Barber Shop. Even the name of this restaurant is written in Chinese Characters, so don't look for Shan Dong!! Good service, great meal, and satisfies my cravings for Korean-Chinese cuisine.
2	This place used to be ok now it's just mehh. It's under new management, I think the owners are from way Northern Korea so they speak both Korean & Chinese. When we arrived at the restaurant there was only 1 other table and yet it still took a while for the server to bring us menus and water. Service was really slow and everything we ordered came out at least 5 minutes apart.Jjajangmyun (black bean sauce noodle) way too salty, not enough meat & the portion got smaller! Jjamppong (spicy seafood noodle soup) was bland. Naengmyun (cold noodle soup) It was Chinese style which is made out of beans and tasted kind of like really bland peanut butter soup... Weird! LOL Yaki Mandu (pan-fried dumplings) I wouldn't know, they never brought it out...The noodles in all 3 dishes were way too chewy and al dente for my taste.Hopefully their food and service improve~
3	This place is decent and probably the best place in Vegas to get jjajangmyun and jjampong.  Although it is under new management now the place seems to have kept the same recipes as the previous owners. It's decent, but nowhere near the best I've had(I miss living in LA, easily the best Korean food there).
