4	At last a sandwich spot that is not a last resort when you run out of ideas of where to go for lunch. The traits of their bread are masterly perfected to reduce sogginess all while having a slight chew. My favorite as of yet is the #9 Italian Night Club. It's what a true Italian sandwich should be sans a few bells a whistles. Portions are fairly generous and likewise the prices. As of yet, the service is beyond par and I hope for it to remain that way. Not quite Potbelly's but good enough. One caveat, make sure to not get a whiplash while watching how fast your sandwich gets made.
5	What!?!??! a jimmy johns on my street.. here in sunny Arizona!?! Finally a sub shop that I can eat at again. Love this place, its a staple in my diet.Motha fuckin Beach Club, No cuc's, add hot peppers, on whole wheat.YEAH!
4	I first visited a Jimmy Johns during a trip to Minnesota about 4 years ago, I had been drinking that night and we ended up sitting in a Jimmy Johns scarfing down a couple subs! Now fast forward  to today....I knew that they had opened a few stores out here and I just had to go, But I was a bit hesitant because of the fact that when I ate there 4 years ago I was in fact inebriated and anything would have tasted good at that point! So anyways the hubby and I visited the mall today and we passed by a Jimmy Johns on the way in and I knew we had to go, We walked in and there were about 6 employees with smiles on their faces and every single one of them greeted us.....kinda made me giggle a little :) I looked at the menu board on the wall searching for the same sub I had on my first visit, all I could remember was that it was turkey and it had alfalfa sprouts on it....searching.....searching ahhhh there it is! The Turkey Tom! A delish sub with turkey,sprouts,lettuce,tomato and mayo I added provolone cheese to mine. Also I made it a meal with a soda and a huge pickle......yes I said pickle! Not only are the pickles yummy but fun to make your husband jealous with!lol you can get the other usual sides also.The size of the subs are nice 8 inches to be exact and they have really good french bread,you can also buy just the bread which is always a plus! Upon leaving all of the employees once again told us goodbye, I really have nothing bad to say about this place I really enjoyed the food,service,and cleanliness :) I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and hmmm how do I say this......I'll be back! Yeah thats right I just went terminator all over this biotch! lol that was lame sorry!
4	the food is good. the people are quite nice. i just have two questions:1. why is the music so loud all the time?2. why are there always 12 people working behind the counter in a restaurant the size of a shoebox?that is all.
3	Stopped in here for the first time today.  Had a Veggie with bacon.  It was a decent sandwich.  I wish they had cut it in half it was a little hard to man being full length.  Bacon was the regular cold pre cooked shriveled up bacon but I enjoyed the fresh sprouts and cucumbers.  service was nice and friendly and they made my sandwich at lightening speed. I am sure I will be back to try something else
2	Roast Beef sub was awful!  Meat was well done, not the medium rare advertised on the menu.  Unfortunately I ordered it to go so I couldn't return it.  Tons of employees mulling around behind the counter-you would think they could use one of the people for quality control.  I know this is a new location but I would hope the corporate folks at JJ help this place out-  I have visited many other locations (Tempe and Las Vegas) and the subs are much better there.  It would also be nice if they would standardize and cut the sandwich in half....
5	I first went to Jimmy Johns in downtown Chicago, then in a few other cities around the USA . .  I was overjoyed when they came to Arizona I found one in Mesa . .  but at Arrowhead only 7 minutes from my house!! HAPPY DAYS! . . . So on with a short review.     Yummy and Fast !! . . . They make sub sandwiches faster than I can run to get my drink. . . . Turn look, DONE!! Unlike Subway these sandwiches have plenty of meat!    Great place to take my kids, and lots of kitschy signs on the wall like : Your mouth isn't watering, it's crying for Jimmy Johns. or Your mother wants you to eat more Jimmy Johns. Not in a stuck up way . . . just fun!      The staff is always so very upbeat . . it's like they would hang out here even if they weren't working. . .  They also wear cool T-shirts with sayings like "Subs so fast you'll Freak! "  . .  I'm not going to freak out . . but I am going back to Jimmy Johns as often as possible!
4	JJ, good and fast.  From Chicago where there is a JJ every three blocks and was excited to finally find one out here.When I went was wearing an Iowa shirt and spoke with the owner.  His son is the manager and he plans to open another location possibly near the Midwestern campus.  Very nice employees like a lot of JJ, but liked that he was willing to talk about the operations with customers.  Once I get back there the #10 will be devoured yet another time.
4	Good subs, good price, delivery on time. What more do you want?
3	This place is definitely A-Ok, the sandwiches are good.  The staff are great, and as much as I enjoy eating here I just have to say that I really don't see a difference between your subways and Quizno's.  It really is just a new spot and I am sure will continue to be successful, giving it more stars would will depend on where this place is a few years from now.
2	This was my first time eating @ Jimmy John's and I must say, The sandwich was well worth the dollar (grand opening special) I paid for it but I would not pay $4.50 for it @ retail price. save your money and go to subway or heidie's deli. you will get more bang for your buck! the only reason I give it any starts is because the girls that work there are hotties!
4	They decided last week to have a $1 sandwich day till 2pm.  I drove by at 1:50 and there was a line out the door!  I waited a while and went back 2 hours later and the line was gone.  To my surprise, they had an entire list of $5 sandwiches anyway. The radio was a bit loud whilst I was eating there, I think I've been to a quiter Megadeth concert but I guess I remember being young once and subscribing to the school of thought that if my ears didnt ring when it was turned off  then it wasnt lound enough.
1	Seriously!?  So I ordered from them twice last week.  Delivery.  They messed up my order just a little (wrong bread) on one of them, eh, no big deal.  The delivery time was OK, but not fast...about 20 minutes.  Well today, I need to leave my house for a job interview at 12:45, so I order at 12:15.  I wait till 12:50, then leave.  My wife is still home... apparently they showed up around 1.  Sorry, but that is not freaky fast, at all!  Then they have the nerve to say I am out of their delivery area.  Then what are you doing?  Did they tell me this and say it make take longer than usual, NO.  Did they decline my order for delivery, NO.   Not to mention why they heck am I out of your delivery range...I live at 87th & Bell - 1 mile from your shop.  I canceled my order and they gave me my money back, but the whole situation is very frustrating!I love the food and when I have ordered from other locations it is truly freaky fast.  Very disappointed in how this location carries the JJs name.
4	Fast. Easy. Staff is so so. The JJ's in Wisconsin are awesome!!! No other state can come near to their pep! The cashier was leaning on the counter and would just say "yeah. Ok. What else?" Subs were made fast. Store needed some love from all the crumbs piled everywhere and over flowing trash.
3	Sandwich was pretty good, the bread made it.  Service sucks, customer service training needed for sure.
4	I've never had bad service here and I actually enjoy eating here for lunch because the only wait is the line. My sandwich is always ready within 2-4 minutes of when I order it. I like the staff cause they always seem to be in a good mood and they normally play good rock/alternative music. Although, one day they were playing that annoying Friday song by Rebecca Black and some teeny pop crap... manager must have been out that day. Whatever, food was still good!
5	I would eat at Jimmy Johns every day if I could.  Great atmosphere, employees are all quick to say hello!"Subs So fast you'll freak" is more than just a slogan - by the time I paid for my sub and filled up my cup with my drink, the sandwich was done and in front of me.  To top it off, the food is absolutely delicious!
2	The sandwiches were just like almost every other sub shop. The employees, with the exception of the cashier, were beyond obnoxious.I know some people appreciate being yelled "HELLO!" to be eight or so people all at once, but by the time the third customer after us walked in the door, we were over it.The sandwiches were just ok, the atmosphere was really annoying.  Two stars.
5	Best place for sandwiches.  Always served fresh and taste great.  I go here often usually saturday mornings around 9am and always get the Italian night out with extra mayo.  Must try their tuna sandwich from their big sandwich menu, best I've ever had.  Friendly people great you as you enter and leave.
3	The quality, speediness and taste of the sandwiches of this location is no different than the awesomeness of the Camelback location. So this review is to comment on the employees. As I pulled into a parking space, one employee was leaving on a delivery. He smiled big and waved to me. What a nice gesture! It was late in the afternoon and there were no other customers inside. There were two employees, with their backs to the door, leaning against the counter, up against each other. When they heard me walk in, they quickly turned and separated. Now I know they are teenagers, and madly in love, but it was very unprofessional. They should at least be turned to see the door, so they when a customer is approaching! They were still polite and sold me some of yesterday's bread (soooo delicious and so worth the $0.45/each!). He was even friendly and asked what I'd be making with them. Sandwiches. Duh. I did tell them, though, about the yummy carne asada tortas we had made with them a couple weeks ago!
4	"Your Mama Wants You to Eat at Jimmy John's!" - MOTTO #1"Fresh. Fast. Tasty." - MOTTO #2I can attest to MOTTO #2.  x Fresh: Vegetables and Meat.x Fast: On my last visit, my sandwich was handed to me the second I obtained my receipt from the cashier. No joke!x Tasty: Consistency! The bread is made of crack mix! Their homemade bread which I see the employees make from fresh dough is incredibly tasty!  Its nothing like you ever had, seriously!My favorites are the:#2 Big John (Medium rare roast beef with simple lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo) #3 Totally Tuna (House made tuna, celery, onions, tasty sauce, alfalfa sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, and tomatoes)Of the 2, I really dig the Tuna! So Taaasty! Their $1 Oatmeal Cookie is pretty good, moist and chewy.Subway v Jimmy Johns, Hmmmm? It's a tough call to make, both have their PROs and CONs.  The major difference is at Jimmy's, you have no choice in building your toppings or option to toast sandwich.
1	The subs seem more like sandwiches and their sandwiches are rather sub par.  You're really better off driving past this location and spending your money elsewhere.
5	I like the food and atmosphere much better than blimpie or subway
4	Stopped in here for lunch today. I have only had Jimmy John's 1 time before at the Central Phoenix Location and a year ago, and was not really blown away by their style of Subs. Today I didn't quite few like my usual Sub stop for my work lunch break down the street, so I thought I'd give Jimmy's another try. Again I found I would only give the sub sandwich a moderate score, but it was the service and the manager (at least he seemed in charge) going the extra mile after one of their (newer I'm guessing) employees made a mistake on cleaning the windows. When the employee went to the clean the door and windows, he sprayed the Windex like crazy and the fan totally blew it all over my table. Before I could even react to the situation, the manger was correcting the employee for the bad cleaning technique decision and immediately offered to make me a new sandwich even though I only had about a 1/4 left. In less than a minute I had my new sub, which I will actually have for breakfast in the morning. I understand that everyone makes mistakes and that often at fast food joints it is an employee's first job, so I usually expect the management to make right any of the blunders, without the customer having to raise a fuss. This Jimmy John's location has delivered that level of quality in customer service and I plan on returning. Also, after looking over the menu a bit more, I think maybe I will like the subs better if I add a few of the "freebies" to my sub next time.
3	My wife and I swung by here on a whim one day.  It was ok.  The sandwich was nothing special.  You can pretty much make the exact same thing at home way better with no real effort all.  It's just a simple deli sandwich, with nothing really making it stand above the rest.  However, if you need a quick lunch and really dig deli sandwiches, this place is great.  By the time that you get to the end of the counter to pick up your order, your food is there.  If you only have a couple minutes for lunch at work or are in a big hurry to get somewhere but your hungry, stop by here and you'll be back on the road in no time at all.
3	This was a little better than Subway for me. I've never been here before and was expecting something more like Jersey Mike's but it wasn't. I ordered #7 (vito) and it was capicola, salami, provolone, onions, tomatoes and italian vinagrette. They had different kinds of bread (which I was unaware of). I had french roll. Love the ambiance and the different sayings all over the wall. They were out of ice in their soda machine and once we got our sandwiches, they were very slim on their meat. Like Subway!!! I probably won't be back here since I found out they have a Jersey Mike's in the area!
2	My last visit here, one of the guys behind the counter smelled really bad. They put my sandwiches up on the counter but didn't say anything to anybody, AND they left their dust pan and broom propped up on the soda fountains. Maybe the boss was away that day or something.
1	First time, ordered the turkey.  The sandwich was plain, cafeteria style.  The tomatoes were mushy and the turkey tasted like it had been refrigerated for a long time.  I only ate half of the sandwich before I couldn't stomach it anymore.The staff was friendly, and they did get my order right.  However, the music was too loud.
3	Not my favorite at all. If you have the choice go to subway. Im pretty sure they put a whole jar of mayo THAT WASN'T EVEN GOOD on my sandwich. Not going back. Team subway!! ;)
2	Not really my favorite sub shop. It's extremely plain. I mean, there's like literally no flavor. Not sure why everyone thinks this place is so great. At least they're quick. Your food is ready by the time you're done ordering. Oh and good luck getting delivery. I hope you live next door, because that's as far as they deliver! Seriously, I live 1.5 miles away, and they don't deliver.
4	I enjoy their Italian subs! Jimmy John's has pretty good prices, although their sandwiches could be bigger.They run a quick service sandwich shop, which is fun to eat at because the store is decorated with humorous signs and things of that nature. This is another sandwich shop that doesn't have very good desserts though in my opinion.
1	We live 1.5 miles from this location. We thought, hey! let's get it delivered! Ha. Yeah right. They won't deliver to us... literally... it's less than 5 mins away!!!  WE are outside of their range.Ridiculous. So we sent someone to go pick up. OK sure. Sandwiches were extremely bland...only white bread, no flavor, and they didn't put sprouts on any of the sandwiches we ordered. Can't fill a simple order. Best part was the chips. Will not order from them again, neither dine -in or delivery... cause yeah... they wont come to us, awesome... not. Don't waste your time or money.
4	The number 12 is the Beach Club turkey sandwich from heaven.  So glad they opened this location near my home so I am not driving so far when I get an urge for this sandwich.  I would never thought I would love cucumber on my sandwich let alone have a craving for a turkey sandwich all together.  This place is great!  This location is pretty small but most are.  They also deliver but I have never used this service.  Very casual, very friendly, and SUPER fast.
5	I never go anywhere there is a "Customer Appreciation" day because of long lines. When I arrived at Jimmy Johns today, I saw a line out the door but decided to wait anyway ($1 is a great deal!). There was an employee taking orders with an order pad. We got inside within minutes (they also had ice water with cups outside!!), paid and not long after that, our name was called. They ran this so sufficiently I am in awe. Our sandwiches are delicious and everything was how we ordered it. WELL DONE Jimmy Johns!
3	Best thing about jimmy john's is they deliver to my work. Subs are very bland & little less than average. But I'd order there again purely for delivery convenience
2	I like the food, and especially that they do lettuce wraps of anything on the menu.  This particular store, tho, just as I was leaving, a worker on the phone right next to the rack of sandwich rolls was sneezing multiple times making no attempt whatsoever to contain his sneezes.Gross.
5	If you are a submarine fan and haven't tried jersey mikes you need to go!  Best sub out there quality meats and cheeses with truly excellent bread. Sliced while you wait with lots of choices. More expensive than many but worth it.
5	This was one of the first JJ's in Phoenix and I've gone at least a dozen times.  The staff is always welcoming ( You feel like Norm from Cheers when you walk in the door) The food is done freakishly fast and I love their bread!  Order the #9 the Italian Nightclub with extra hot peppers, it's my fav and one of their most popular sandwiches (I sat next to the area where they pump the sandwiches out and it seems like #9 is at least every other sandwich).  I wish they would do two things differently, one, cut the sandwich-I always forget to request it) and two, they don't offer any sweetener for the ice tea.  But now I'm nitpicking :)  It's a sandwich, not a steak dinner, but a great one at that.  Very satisying meal!  Love the chips, too!
1	My sanwich was average, nothing to speak about.  Not sure why they have tables in the resteraunt since they clearly don't want you to eat there.  There are no napkins, utensils or any kind of condiments available.  When you ask for them, the staff states that they don't have them.  C'mon, no napkins or s & p for your eat in "guests" a term I use loosely since they are not wecoming!  It's not as if they don't offer what every fast food in town does to keep cost down on there subs.  They more expensive than their equivelant sub par sandwich shop.
1	I don't see what all the hype is about this place. I like Subway way better. Jimmy John's doesn't have spinach or green bell pepper toppings like Subway does, for one reason.
2	I personally think the subs are just so so. My mum likes them however.  So this is the second time I have popped in during the last hour of business to get her a sandwich,  while visiting her in Sun City. Both times the workers seem not the friendliest,  however being a flight attendant for almost 10 years... I get the end of a long shift blues. Drained from a busy day. So I don't let it bug me. I am sure my mum will have me stop in again.
