5	I have had such a great experience with this place! Miss Chris the owner is AMAZING, she is what every child-related professional should be like. She genuinely likes teaching kids and has the patience of a saint. She is such an upbeat person, and surrounds herself with equally engaging employees. Eveyone I know who has gone here raves about it. I would recommend this location to anyone who wants to get thier child engaged it fun and learning with movement. The open Gym times are also great for those afternoon hours where there is nothing to do!
5	My 13 month old LOVES his Gymbo class! This location not only offers interactive play specific to your child's age group but when you sign up, you can come as often as you like and even partake in the open gym time at no additional charge! Plus you get Gym-Bucks which can be used in Gymboree's retail stores just for being a member of Gymboree Play! You aren't set in stone to one specific class date/time which is great because toddlers can be so unpredictable! :) The class leaders are nice, friendly, and explain how each section of the lesson we are learning will help teach our babies a specific skill set. The other parents who attend the classes are friendly and attentive to their children which is great! Nothing worse than inattentive parents! The gym is spic and span and I am so glad that after 10 years since our last baby, we are still pop pop popping all the bubbles out here at Gymboree!
5	Gymboree, many years ago I brought my first son to Gymboree quite often and really enjoyed.  Never thought I would be back, but now we have another gymboree tike and he loves it.  I am very happy to have been reintroduced to Gymboree and have already made plans to go again with my son next week.  The instructor made it look easy and really communicated very well with both parents and children. Thinking about Gymboree now, my only regret is that I know someday my boy is going to outgrow it, and I want these times to last forever.
4	I love taking my baby to gymboree. It has been a great experience. I feel that it has really accelerated her development and learning. It is now under new management and is undergoing changes. I will update my review again after everything settles. Miss Chris was the previous owner and was amazing. She lead every class and provided a ton of developmental information and enthusiasm. I think she will be hard to replace.The best thing about gymboree was that you had unlimited classes. I could take my baby 4 days a week plus open gym for 60 something a month. They are supposed to get rid of that feature in April, if they do, then I will probably cancel my membership. I think having unlimited keeps more students in the class which enhances my babies interactions and learning. When she was in level 2, there were very few babies and most classes were empty, this made me wait to sign up for level 3, where there were more kids and more fun. Also, my work schedule keeps changing and I have different days off, it is way more convienent to pick and choose what class I go to. I do not see why it matters if you go to more than one class, the instructors still need to be there so I am not sure how they will save money. Anyways, that's just my 2 cents. I hope it stays unlimited so I have a great place to take my baby.
