4	Tried this out since it was somewhat new to the area and conveniently close to my kid's school - what better afternoon snack in Arizona after parent pick up!?  I liked it.  Loved the multiple yogurt flavors - and really liked the 'Asian' flair flavors.  They even have boba on the possible toppings section.  Toppings were great.  Everything was clean and within minutes there was a crowd (probably having left parent pick up!) ... oh, and really liked the sink in the bathroom, must have.  Anyway, 30 cents an ounce and 1 bowl easily splits between me and the two little monkeys in tow.  I'd recommend it.  Only draw back - possible technology delays, bring cash if you want to hurry up and eat your treat!
4	My niece was in town, and was beggin me for ColdStone.  I didn't want to drive and remembered that Orange Leaf opened up recently across from where I live.  So I convinced her to take a walk to try it out.It was an instant success for both of us!  And judging by the amount of people in the place, I am judging we aren't alone in that opinion.  Orange Leaf has lots of yogurt flavors, lots of toppings (even healthy toppings like strawberries and bananas) and is a a great place to go for a tasty treat.  Wow, that sounds cheesy...but it's true.
4	I've been meaning to try this place and got the chance to on a Sunday afternoon. It was only moderately busy, which was nice. No lines. No waiting, table to eat at. I liked their selections of yogurt flavors. All the delicious expected ones! Chocolate, Cheesecake, Coffee, Strawberry, Kiwi, Pineapple, Coconut. Looking forward to creating new treats! Fresh toppings. You get to build your own here so the possible comninations are overwhelming! But overall, very simple idea. Store is clean, modern, trendy but there was a good variety of patrons there. Staff consisted of a couple unfriendly teen types, but oh well. Yogurt was delish!
5	All my spending money goes to Orange Leaf. So much better than other self serve frozen yogurt shops. We try not to go every night, but it's hard to resist!  I get the small cup and spend around $3. The place is always clean even though it's very busy everytime we go.
5	Loved the variety of yogurt flavors and toppings. I had to laugh when my husband filled his cup to the brim and then asked, "How do they price this stuff?" By the ounce, so plan accordingly. It was worth every ounce!
3	I liked this place, I sampled two of the yogurts. I ended up getting coffee lovers. I enjoyed it a lot, but honestly didn't think it was the best thing since sliced bread. I like the healthy idea of the place. Though then you need to skip most of the toppings. I will go back, but just do not think I am a huge frozen yogurt person.
5	I believe of all the frozen yogurt shops that are popping up everywhere this one is my favorite.  To bad I used to live close and now have to drive so far to eat here.  I like that they offer waffle cones to serve your yogurt in.  My favorite flavor is Taro.  I try samples of the other flavors but tend to fill up with only that one.  I top it with a small amount of mochi and lots of popping boba balls.  Yum!  Even my kids can't get enough of the Lychee boba balls.  We will up and tend to spend $3 per yogurt.
4	This is the first time I've had frozen yogurt with popping boba.  It's kind of like eating those Gushers fruit snacks, there's a gush of juicy liquid that I'm not quite sure if I like in my frozen yogurt, but I do appreciate that they offer it.  All the toppings here are very fresh, and they have a very wide selection of flavors for the yogurt.
4	Cute froyo shop near home. My favorites are the coconut and the pineapple. I was super excited when I saw taro, but was disappointed when I got a taste. It is tart and I personally think taro shouldn't be tart.  Anyway, the pineapple is amazing and I'll just stick with that.They have lots of unique toppings, including different flavored bobas. They aren't really bobas, more like round balls shaped like boba that burst with juice when you pop them. I usually steer clear of those and goes straight for the mochi. They also offer the usual fresh fruit, candies, chocolates, cereals, nuts and etc... Price is comparable to all other self serve yogurt shops.
5	At this moment, I'm on a frozen yogurt kick and have tried a ton of these trendy shops. So far, Orange Leaf has been the best.  The flavors don't have that diet-yogurty after taste that some others do. I typically stick with the peanut butter and cookies and cream and they are yum! Plus the toppings are the best, including peanut butter cookie dough. Major plus.  I do love the Oatmeal flavor that Yogurtology and Zoyo have, so I'm hoping they bring it in.  Other than that, it's perfect!
5	THE best frozen yogurt. Seriously!
5	Pretty dang good yogurt. A lot of other places the yogurt is kinda watery, not orange leaf... really creamy, just the way yogurt should be!
2	Of the yogurt places I have tried this summer, this one was probably my least favorite. I live right down the street from here and have been here twice. I don't have any desire to return. No sample cups, no indication of what ingredients are in which flavors, and the topping bar is just ok. The only flavor I really remember is the strawberry and all I can recall about it is how much I disliked it. Another thing I don't quite understand is why these kinds of places are so expensive. I feel like I can get double the amount of ice cream anywhere else and pay half as much. Both times we came in here it cost us at least $10. That just seems crazy! And we didn't even have that much in our cups.
5	i'm from vancouver and we don't really have self serve frozen yogurt stores here, at least not with that many flavors. i visited arizona last month and i absolutely love this fro yo place, so many flavors and toppings! definitely will go back to this place if i ever get to visit chandler again.
3	The yogurt is very creamy and good but they're slacking on the toppings compared to Zoyo. But I mainly gave Orange Leaf a lower rating because the staff are not friendly. I sometimes go just because it's close and it's a little cheaper than the other froyo joints.
5	I am a froyo (frozen yogurt) connoisseur and am always ready to try to newest and greatest shop! When I have a craving for rich flavor, an assortment of toppings and flavors, cool spoons (eco friendly too!); I head straight to Orange Leaf.They have cake batter that rivals Coldstone, yet is healthier! My tips:-To re-created "Birthday Cake Remix" cake batter frozen yogurt, one brownie chunk, sprinkles and hot fudge to taste!-Ask for cereal (they keep it in the back).-Grab as many testers as your hands can hold.-Enjoy the greatest froyo you have ever encountered.
3	Its yogurt, about 12 flavors. Nice and clean place.
3	This is a pretty "decent" yogurt place, but it still doesn't compare to other froyo shops like Zoyo and Menchies.I really wanted to like this place more, especially since it is SO close to where I live. I definitely agree with the other reviewers about the stupid sample cup rule. Half of the fun is trying different flavors! EVERY time I have been there, there has been ONE sample cup sitting on a napkin, which means you have to pick your brain to decide which flavor (out of about 14) you want to try. They will not give you another cup to try more. Last time I was there, I took the one lonely little cup to try a flavor and watched as the person working there replaced it with another one tiny cup. Are they that painfully cheap?I just don't get why you wouldn't let a paying customer sample about a tablespoon of more than one flavor.Their yogurt flavors are pretty good though, so that's a plus! :)They do have a lot of toppings, but not as much of a fruit selection as the other shops do. I had strawberries, blueberries and maraschino cherries to choose from. Where are the blackberries/raspberries/kiwis other shops have? Wahhh! They do have a lot of cookie dough/brownie crumbles and chocolatey treats to decide from... If that's your type of thing.I'll probably still go here every now and then if I'm too lazy to drive the extra 2 miles to Zoyo, but I won't like it as much. LOL
5	We LOVE this place! The yogurt is wonderful and the extra toppings are always good and there is alot to choose from. Its clean and the staff is friendly. Plus my boyfriend LOVES the gummy bears. lol
1	The quality of yogurt is same as other location. But the toppings are quite less then other orange leaf location.THE MAIN REASON FOR 1 STAR is CUSTOMER SERVICE. The owner seems to be very unhappy when asked about spoon/small paper cups for testing. I haven't seen this kind of resistance at any other yogurt shop. Even though I live nearby, I prefer to go to other Orange leaf location purely because of customer service.
4	Good yogurt with lots of flavors and toppings.  A good amount of indoor seating.  On the far East side of Whole Foods marketplace.
2	The yogurt was good but the owner is a weirdo. My wife and I went there and asked if they had any sample cups. Bear in mind EVERY self-serve frozen yogurt place offers sample cups. My wife said "Excuse me sir do you have any sample cups" His response was "you want sample cups" and it was obvious by his response he was unhappy ven asked for it and literally stared us down cold the entire time and only gave us 1 cup (for both of us combined). It was really awkward. Sorry sir but you own a self-serve yogurt place. If you really think asking for  sample cups is rude and warrants a 3 minute death stare you have some issues.
2	Just another corporate yogurt place. Every time I've been to the Chandler Whole Foods in this same shopping center, I'd drive past Orange Leaf and remind myself I still needed to try the place.Well, Friday night, finally stopped in here. Nice, open spacious set up. Comfy padded chairs. Brightly lit and seemed clean. Huge variety of flavors that night (17), two dairy free options and one NSA with cute names like "Snickerdoodle: Tastes as happy as it sounds!" and "Pineapple: Don't let the spikes fool you, it's tasty!"If there's one thing I despise about self-serve yogurt joints it's sample cup hoarders. Oh, you say your shop's going green? Just stop, please. Especially if there's no recycling bin or reusable containers available for purchase! It's even more annoying when you have to ask for them and an employee looks at you like you just murdered their first born. The disgruntled employee (who didn't greet anyone, by the way, she looked like she was in sheer pain) gave us each one. Yes, one each. Hello, dispenser contamination! Gross. You run a yogurt shop; customers want to try your product. Just put a bin of cups out like everyone else does. As far as the yogurt goes, it was great. I mixed pineapple and coconut together, two flavors I can never seem to find! Dude had the Snickerdoodle, which yes, tasted as happy as it sounds. Toppings bar is kind of weak, and the fruit didn't seem fresh. Great variety of Boba flavors though, most I've seen in the area. With froyo shops on almost every corner in the Valley, not sure I'd go out of my way to come here again.
2	After passing by it so many times when hitting up whole foods or sports clips, we finally decided to give this chain a shot. There's a lot of flavors and few stood out as unique or hard to find like Pineapple, Snickerdoodle, and Oatmeal Cookie. With 17 flavors, you'd think you'd have ample opportunity to try some of them out.Think again! The oh so friendly employee who gave us an absolutely wonderful scowl when we came in turned out to be the keeper of the sample cups too. And oh such a stingy keeper she was. We got one sample cup per person to go with a  nasty look for simply asking for one. Heaven forbid I want to try the yogurt before I buy it! That's $0.005 cents of yogurt that Orange Leaf is giving away per cup! We can't have that! Seriously, frozen yogurt shops are meant to be a fun place. This employee looked like she'd rather be having hot pokers stuck under her finger nails. And it's clear this is standard at this location because there's plenty of other Yelpers who've had a similar or worse experience when dealing with the staff. And what the heck is the point of limiting sample cups?! And don't give me the "going green" crap. That defense is null when you don't offer any sort of reusable cup that you can buy to limit the paper waste from paper cups. There is no purpose to it other than to give patrons sticky fingers and risk cross contaminating the dispensers. Seriously, sample cup hoarding just makes me want to take that one cup, sample every single flavor at least twice, then walk out without paying a dime. [End rant]Getting back on track, the yogurt was good but the topping bar was lacking. The fruit wasn't that good and if you don't want fruit, you have a limited selection of other toppings you can pick from.Overall, with other chain yogurt shops that listen to their customer and a local shop popping up every few weeks, I'm not going to inconvenience myself to come back here again anytime soon. Would have been a one star but tossed them a bone for nice decor and the yogurt that was more cheerful than the staff.
5	nice selection of flavors. my personal preference are the dairy free choices. toppings are fresh. love coming here for a sweet treat.
4	I don't care about sample cups but I do love their non dairy selections and toppings more than any other froyo in the area.The owner has always been pleasant with us and their punch card saves us a few bucks every other visit.The place is always clean and comfortable.
1	Came to this Orange Leaf to celebrate a special occasion for my children.  Unfortunately, we received the worst customer service ever.  After already purchasing 2 extremely large and expensive yogurts for family members, my 6 year old was told by the owner that she was not allowed to get a tasting cup as she had already tasted another flavor.  He said we were not allowed more than 3 tastes (she had only had one taste and had accidentally dropped the other empty cup).  I explained that we would be purchasing my daughter a very large yogurt, but she wanted to make sure she got what she liked.  He refused to give us more tastes.  I have never experienced this at any other yogurt place.  I will not be returning to this Orange Leaf.  I would avoid this place if you have young children that need to try flavors before purchasing.  The owner is not accommodating.
4	Yogurts are tasty and good but lack of flavors. There is no change in flavors except one fruit change.
4	The peanut butter frozen yogurt is pretty good. Their cookie dough is AMAZING!!! I absolutely love it! This is one of the places in the whole valley that I have found that carry cookie dough that isn't chocolate chip!... This is honestly the main reason why I go here.. It is that good! For me the only draw back is that they don't carry peanut butter that you can squeeze on top of your frozen yogurt. If they did I would definitely go here more often. Another definite plus is that they have more options of flavors then most places!
