1	This store is located in the Walper Hotel in downtown Waterloo. The location is beautiful and in a great location. Upon entering this store I said hello to the attendant who welcome me and I began to look around. The front half of the store had magazines, shaving supplies and some nice pipes in a glass display. The back had a medium sized walk in humidor and another room off to the side that was full of pipes. I went into the humidor and was pleased to see they had some brands and vitolas I haven't seen around elsewhere. But upon inspecting the Bolivars I noticed that several were covered in mould! Not just a spot - covered. Not bloom - mould. Then I saw that the some Montecristos also had mould. And then some H Upmanns!  The boxes were from one side of the humidor to the other, on different shelves. When I pointed this out the attendant promptly removed one of each of the cigars. An honest effort but not enough to save the stock. The entire box should have been removed and discarded. I will return to check again soon if the issue has been resolved. The store did have a great selection of pipes though and pipe tobacco in a separate humidor. One attendant seemed knowledgeable - the other did not. I'm not sure how I can rate this store any better. I would never smoke a cigar from there and was completely shocked with what I saw. The attendant made an effort but it was too little. The 1 star is only due to their pipe stock.  And by the way, they gave me the wrong box for my pipe, it doesn't fit, and they didn't give me the storage bag for it.... Come on people!Very disappointing.
4	I've been dealing with Peter for several years and I've had very good luck with selection and quality. On occasion there has been a high humidity issue but its rare and I usually order cigars by the box anyway so the mould indicated in other reviews is not normally apparent to me. There have also been a few staffing problems so the consistency of service isn't at a high level yet. I'm sure Peter is aware of the situation and improvements are being made. There is no reason to avoid the humidor. Browse and enjoy!
4	The oldest tobacco shop in Canada!  A perfect place for Americans who have incoherent and ridiculous foreign policy to buy a guilty pleasure: Cuban cigars.Owner is friendly and very knowledgeable and the novice tobacco user/cigar/pipe smoker shouldn't feel intimidated by the great selection.  Just start asking questions.Enjoyed our smokes from that weekend.
