4	OK, finally made my first trip into a Capriotti's, and I have to say, I'm impressed.  I'm from NJ originally so my standards for Cheesesteak sandwiches are pretty high and that is the only reason it gets a 4, instead of a 5.  The shop was clean, well staffed and though there was a line I was on my way out the door with lunch in hand in less than 10 mins. How I went 6 years (4 of them right down the street from this location) and never stopped in is beyond me, but I'm glad I did.  Looking forward to trying the Chicken Philly next time around.  Oh yeah....be careful...12" is a medium...the large is a staggering 20".  That is was justifies the higher than normal prices (bigger than normal sandwiches...step down a size from what you get elsewhere and it will cost the same, be as filling and taste better).
5	When I get a craving for a Bobbie, watch out. Nothing else will do. A Bobbie, for the Capriotti Virgins out there, is like Thanksgiving on a sandwich. Turkey (not that thin sliced stuff, but turkey like you'd have the day after Thanksgiving!), cranberry sauce and stuffing with some mayo. I will admit, I was skeptical at first. It doesn't quite sound as tasty as it is. But man, it is SO good. The Bobbie is the only thing I order at Capriottis. However my husband gets different sandwiches and I steal a taste from time to time, so I can confidently say that the Grilled Italian is also quite tasty... Capriottis is fairly quick (I almost always call my order in so I rarely wait), has friendly employees (love how happily they cheer for their 'beer money' when I throw a dollar in the tip jar) and the portions are VERY generous for the price. Sometimes people get sticker shock when they see a menu, $8 for a sandwich seems a little high. But when you see the sandwich, you realize it's a good deal.
3	This place has been opening a plethora of shops around the Vegas Valley. They are a welcome addition to the sandwich shops of the valley, but they aren't going to be taking the throne away from Subway anytime soon.For the positives, Capriotti's has excellent service. The employees in here are always friendly, with a good sense of humor, and are willing to help you out and answer questions. They have a decent selection of items, including the Bobbie, their trademark sandwich that pretty much crams all things Thanksgiving into one small space. They also have a cooler with many drinks to choose from, including stuff not many other places have, such as Sobe and Cherry Pepst. Unfortunately, the place doesn't quite stack up against places like Subway. Their selection of items/toppings/sauces/inc. pales in comparison. And the prices are outrageous. For 4 of us to eat there last night (with only ONE of us getting a drink!), it was over $30. For that price, you might as well just go to a dine-in restaurant!Capriotti's has quality food, I just wish they had a better selection of items and lower prices. If you're in the neighborhood, they are worth checking out - but keep your expectations in check.
5	This sandwich shop rocks. They are a chain but consistently good no matter which one you go to.
1	These guys are always on point with their sandwiches. My husband and I come here on a regular basis. The ingredients are fresh and tasty. Today's visit however left somewhat a 'bad taste' in my mouth. Not because of the food mind you but because of our cashier- Jennifer.. My husband and I are heavily tattooed, with that being said people will ask us about tattoo's and even try to get quotes on tattoo's. We don't mind this what we do mind is when people like Jennifer show us tattoo work on them from scratchers/ kitchen magicians- these are people who tattoo illegally out of their homes!! Not only is this illegal bit it's not safe! So it really gets me worked up when they think the work they got done is good and when they think my husband charges too much money. He works for a very well know established tattoo shop. Typically when people tattoo out if their home there's a reason for this. They suck!I just thought this was very unprofessional and honestly she may have hepatitis from getting tattooed in someone's kitchen so we will not be returning to this location! Good luck Jennifer with your shitty tattoo's & scratcher artist.
5	Comparing Capriotti's to Subway is like comparing some place like Red Robin to McDonald's. Subway is good fast food, but Capriotti's sandwiches are works of art.  The Bobby of course stands out, but the Capastrami and Slaw B Joe are real treats.  Want something more traditional? Have their Italian.  Their bread is wonderful.  Be sure to call ahead, so they have your order ready when you get there.
1	What in the world do Vegas locals see in this place? I just don't get it. The Bobbie, the famous Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich gets rave reviews. Take turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo and stick it all on a bun and sell it to the masses. It is one of the most vile concoctions I have ever put in my mouth. Bleech is being too kind. I am not one to waste food but this sandwich got tossed in the trash can. After being seriously underwhelmed I decided to try something else..I ended up with the Capistrami: Hot Pastrami, Melted Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing, and Cole Slaw. Great concept, failed when it comes to taste. It too ended up in the trash. This is one place that I can say I won't be back to and it's pretty much guaranteed. The 1 star since I have to give one is for service.
3	Well, despite saying I would not go back my wife is like the Steak and Cheese is the bomb. So for once instead of me dragging her into some new place she's dragging me into a place. So I'm like since I'm here I might as well try something. The Italian with spicy and sweet peppers had just the kick I was needing. Ok, so I like the Italian. But the Bobbie thing....still kinda freaks me out. I'll end up likely holding my nose and trying Kimchi somewhere off of Spring Mountain before I'll try the Bobbie again. Oh and one last thing. My 2 year old likes meatball sandwiches. Capriotti's doesn't have diddly for kids. Ownership fail is what I attribute that to. Like at least offer an off menu choice and don't tell me I have to get a 9 inch for him. And just because you close in 15 min...don't even say anything about it. I read the tip jar, it says Beer Money on it...and I'm sure it was going to be spent at the liquor store next door but don't be pissed off at me because I delayed your clean up to get the heck out the door. 3 Stars. It beats the 1 star I gave them last time.
1	We have been to this place on two separate occasions. First was due to the ratings on here so we thought we would try it out.But when we got there the people were rude sloppy and in a hurry, yet there was only myself and another customer.I was thinking we just hit it on the wrong day, so we went back again for another try.The second time was even worse. The kid behind the counter wasn't even interested in taking our order so we ended up leaving and going somewhere else.I'm not thinking we will try again or recommend this place to anyone.The staff just seems to be to irresponsible and just interested in their paycheck not their customer service.
1	Update of the Update. They are still charging me for my food. Which I didn't get. Because this is the SANDWICH SHOP that ran out of BREAD! NOT COOL. Didn't want to have to do the CHARGEBACK but since they want to be dicks about it, time to do that and contact Corporate. Hey Yelp, I wish we could give out NEGATIVE STARS....********************************************Unfreakinbelievable. I go through the hassle of online ordering....it's a hassle since their crappy online page uses Flash it blocks iOS devices from ordering. So I go online with the laptop, place my order, get in the car to head out and get a call: Sorry, we're out of bread and we closed the store an hour ago!ARE YOU FREAKIN KIDDING ME?I have never, EVER had anyone cancel an online order on me, and when a sandwich shop can't even keep their most basic item, bread, in stock, then they've got a damn problem. Venting my frustration even more.... I finally got a whole group of people to figure out what they wanted to eat and jump through a byzantine crappy website only to get told sorry...we can't get our head out of our rear end enough to order enough damn bread....Oh and they want me to come by the store to process the debit card refund sometime tomorrow...I have a damn job, I don't have time to come back and deal with stupidity. Refund? How about I pick up the phone and yell CHARGEBACK to my credit card company tonight instead! Placement on my Jackassery! list is about as guaranteed as it gets. I don't do stupid and clueless, and especially not when social media lets me light you up over it. And this experience was an example of both.
5	Everything was hot, fast and fresh. The staff was amazing and friendly. We are never dissapointed with the cheese steak and capastrami.
3	I still love Capriotti's, but the employees at this location has been slacking lately. In the past, as soon as I walked through the door I was greeted, usually by multiple employees. On the last few visits, there have been multiple employees behind the counter, but the majority seem to be socializing with each other rather than actually working. I recently called in an order, picked it up and realized when I got home that I had been given (and charged  the higher price for) the wrong sandwich.Annoyed, I went back to get the correct sandwich. The guy that helped me was apologetic... but I expected more for the trouble then being offered a free bag of chips, particularly when I had been overcharged. It sucks that the employees here aren't trained to provide better customer service, because I really like the food. I go to another Capriotti's location near my work for lunch from time to time, and never have problems with the employees
1	I don't care: any place that doesn't reverse charges in a timely manner for a sandwich you never picked up, is garbage. Was told I would get a call when it was reversed and never got it. Below average manager
3	Well again I must warn I have high standards for subs . These are clean & fresh and not bad, much better than subway which literally smells like swill to me. So if I could rate 2 1/2 stars I would. The counter people are ok, not bad, not good.. they do their job.  Steak and cheese is kind of bland... extras are expensive (mushrooms etc). Also did he order wrong or do they not have pickles?! Isn't the point of ordering out NOT to have to do any cooking or adding of your own pickles from your fridge?! The meatballs are ok. Lots of bread, I wouldn't go so far as to say they are skimpy because they aren't but there is something missing to me... maybe it's veggies.. or sauce,... Dunno... I hated their idea of roast beef... we have been here a few times over the years, never a bad experience just never a great one either.
2	This is a fast food place that has slow service and bad food. The sandwiches are also very expensive and not at all worth the price; they charged me $8 for a sandwich that should not cost more than $4.My question is why go to this place when you can order a take out from any of the surrounding restaurants. The food will be way tastier, will cost almost the same and the wait time will be much smaller?
4	Delicious sandwiches! The turkey is shredded and takes similar to home cooked crockpot meat - yum. The Bobbie is a great sandwich, Thanksgiving all year around! I usually get mine without cranberry as I don't want all the sugar, but the stuffing is delicious. The cole turkey is also a tasty sandwich with coleslaw and Russian dressing but can be a little messy so beware. Staff never seems particularly happy to be there, though.
5	This is my favorite sandwich shop.  I love all their specialty sandwiches but especially their Bobbi which always helps when I am craving a bit of Thanksgiving since its made of homemade turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing.  This place is so yummy!
2	This was my first time here and I was not impressed. This location in Henderson was dirty. The tables were all dirty. Trash on the floor. The sandwich was way too big and expensive. Also no fountain soda. I don't get the hype. I won't be going back.
1	Well....tried this place again....hoping it wouldn't be as bad as the last time!  And it actually was even worse!  The kids that work here are always yelling "Beer Money"!  And they aren't even old enought to drink!!!  The place was so filthy...that I should of just walked back out!  The tables are absolutely disgusting!  Every single one of them were covered in a sticky dirty bacteria infested grime!!!  And the floor!!! OMG!!!  I wouldn't even let my dog walk on it if I had to!  It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in  months!!!  And lets not forget about the 20" Bobbie I ordered to go!  These kids in here are so unprofessional...and act like they don't have a clue as to why they are standing there!!!  I told the kid....Extra mayo, cranberries and easy on the stuffing....as I would like to taste the turkey...not just a stuffing sandwich!  Well...thats exactly what I ended up with!  The 20" roll was so dry and hard...that you seriously couldn't even eat it!  There was about a tablespoon of cranberries on it....so little mayo that I couldn't even see it!  And Filled with stuffing and barely any turkey!!!  This is the second time I went to this location....which is why I was very clear and specific how I wanted my $14 sandwich!  It was absolutely pathetic!  I've been to other Capriotti's...and they were nothing like this one!  These kids are completely clueless.  And management are obviously a bunch of idiots!!!  If the health department came in this place....they would shut them down!!!!  This place is horrible!!!  They don't even deserve 1 star!!!!
1	The wait is ridiculous! And compared to the others in town this one STINKS. And would NOT honor the VIP Free sandwich card. NO-ONE in the place looked happy. Customers were stating this is my last time here too. SAD SAD, cause they are usually good. Sahara store is worth the trip! ALWAYS GOOD THERE!
1	Not bad - little thin on the ingredients.
