4	Stopped here for lunch after dropping a friend off to the airport. Standard quality and service without any fuss so nothing more worthwhile to report.
4	This Subway is great! Usually you get employees who seem like they've spent a little too much time in the back smoking pot, but the staff here is always upbeat and friendly.  The guy always asks me if I need my sandwich cut or wrapped in any special way.  You always get a very well put together sandwich.
1	I love subway restaurants but this one had to be one of the worst I have ever been in. Maxwell was are worker, and he was incredibly rude. Not only did he make us wait for him to make the bread when we were the only ones inside, he also didn't ask of if we wanted our sandwiches toasted but preceded to anyways. He also refused to put extra cheese on our sandwiches. Then when the sandwiches came out of the toaster oven, the cheese had slide off and he didn't do anything about it, all the vegetables were old and lettuce browning, they didn't have a lot of the sauces. The worker was extremely rude the entire time, and not just to me but everyone that came in.You would figure in Las Vegas where there are always a lot of people coming in the subway would try to hire better employees and keep the ingredients fresh.
5	Whoever did the hiring at this Subway deserves a pat on the back. The staff is always patient and helpful and the food is always prepared correctly. I'll gladly drive past the other 2 Subways between my house and this location to eat here.
1	Terrible service. Some old lady who works there was extremely rude. I asked what was on 2 new sandwiches that they added and she replied with such a rude attitude.  Made my sandwich very sloppy.  And when I asked her to use a different knife to cut my sandwich she refused and said she had wiped that one down. The customer before me got tuna and I hate that and didn't want the taste on my sandwich.  I don't recommend going to this crappy subway because of the old rude lady. If the management knew how many customers she offends I hope she would be let go.
1	I work graveyards around the corner and this location is supposed to be 24 hours. Well they Lie!! Your overnight employee locked the doors and turned the lights off on me when I walked up! Terrible business and a prime example of false advertisement! Im defiantly going to better business bureau about this!! Screwed me out of dinner, thanks :(
1	I will never go back to this subway ever! First I asked about the 5 dollar foot long as to was it not offered there,  due to being in front of the outlet mall or are they not offering it the girl laughed and replied i guess both. My bread was dry and crumbly, the meat which was cold cut combo had no flavor like the meat had been frozen. I even tried taking off all the toppings to see if that was just hiding the meat flavor and that was not it. This is my first bad experience at subway, and hopefully my last. I will just choose another location next time i am wanting a sub sandwich.
