4	I found this place by accident and I'm super glad I did! I needed a cut and color in the worst way, and Alyssa delivered BIG TIME! Now that I've found her, no need to wait for my trips back up to NY for my hair cuts and color (WHEW!) I have only worked with Alyssa for my hair, and Mary Katherine for waxing (she's awesome too!) but the rest of the staff has been super friendly every time I've been in.I have no other Charlotte salon prices to compare it to, but I had no issue with the pricing for the services I received, they seemed to be right on par with what I expected to pay.BTW, the location I visited is actually located at 429 East BoulevardCharlotte, NC 28203. I believe they moved not too long ago. You can also check their website out here: http://www.treidandcompany.com/
5	I love my color and cut.  Tanya is a great stylist. I have been getting my hair cut there for about a year and I let her do what she wants and I am never disappointed!
5	I'm new to Charlotte and was in need of a cut and color. As many of us know, finding a new hairstylist is like playing Russian Roulette. I called a few places and learned that for what I wanted I would have to spend at least $250. I just didn't feel comfortable paying that much...so I kept searching. I stopped the search after going to T. Reid's website and after a call to the salon. Their prices are reasonable and what I am willing to pay for services. The woman who answered the phone was very friendly, took time to answer my questions, and I was able to make an appointment for the next day. Once I got to the salon I was pleasantly surprised! It is in a charming two-story home and is decorated very fun and whimsical on the inside. In the waiting room, they offer the guests Keurig coffees and teas. The front desk staff gave me a friendly welcome. The energy of the salon was energetic and creative!The salon works on a level system (the higher the level, the more the experience). I was scheduled with Mistie, Level 2. She was GREAT! She was a good listener, was very professional, and friendly, which I appreciated. I was very satisfied with both my color and cut. What a relief for sure! I'm recommending my husband to go next (even though the environment looks very female-ish, men are welcome and were there too).
5	Noel is the best! He stayed late on Saturday to fit me in and gave me a great cut. Love the colorful, playful style of the salon. The website is a little cheesy, I almost didn't come because of it, but the salon was not cheesy at all.
5	I LOVE T. Reid & Company! The atmosphere is so nice! My hairstylist Noel Lance is the absolute best! He's knowledgeable & only gives the best advice for your hair. Not to mention he is a fun guy & chats away with you, making time fly by! Go check him out if you want a fun, hip, knowledgeable stylist!
5	T. Reid & Company is terrific. My hair dresser (Nol) is highly skilled, patient, and personable. He consistently does a great job with my cut and color. He's taken me from a straight long blonde to a short-haired pixie. I always leave there feeling beautiful and sexy.
5	The girl behind the desk was so sweet and helpful. I have thick, curly, dry hair, and I am picky about my layers. The stylist she put me with was amazing, and so were the products. I am never going back to Aveda again!!!! I highly recommend this place!! Well worth the money if you want a GOOD haircut.
3	I made a VERY LAST SECOND appointment here and the staff was so accommodating and terrific.  It was my first time, and when I checked in, they gave me a free pen, pamphlet of services, and a sample of hair products.  My waxer, Kim was really nice, but at nearly $100 for a bikini and underarm wax, I was surprised when she used strips, and not hard wax.  My underarm wax has grown in less than a week later, which is disappointing.If the prices came down a lot (like maybe to $60 for both services) I might have thought it was worth it.  However, in my opinion, it was just too expensive for the quality.  But the staff and people are great.I was a bit annoyed, however, after the fact, they texted me and emailed me.  The texting feels a little personal, and maybe a little violating from a place I only visited once.
4	I love this salon - it's just too pricey.
4	This is a fantastic salon! Friendly staff, cute non-cookie cutter decor, talented stylists, affordable prices! I moved to Charlotte about a year ago from Boston and have tried to find a local go-to place. I also don't trust my hair to just anyone -- I always seek out the top tier stylists and/or creative directors. I used Yelp reviews to find Volume salon and saw the co-owner there -- not a great cut. Then saw the top stylist at Re: Salon on South Blvd -- not a great cut. So, I gave up and have just been squeezing in appts to my regular salon in Boston on trips back and forth. A friend (also new to Charlotte) recently tried out T.Reid and highly recommended it. Honestly, I never thought to try here because the Yelp reviews are just OK and the website made me question the caliber of the salon. But tried and true this place is my heaven-send! I saw Misty on my appointment -- and she was fantastic! The perfect, patient, talented hair stylist in every sense of the word. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars, is because I only give 5 stars to a place after I've been there more than once, as consistency is important  :)
5	Kelly O. was amazing. My hair is picture perfect 3 days after getting my haircut. She really listened to my needs and pulled out a great haircut.I would hug her if she was here!
5	Ashley is amazing.  I've been looking for a good hairstylist for years and I'm so happy to have found her.  I will say that while I've had wonderful experiences I was very embarrassed to have referred a friend who did not have a happy experience.  She was rushed out and made to feel unimportant during her visit.  I've encouraged her to come back and try it out again.  My experiences have been wonderful, and I LOVE that I am not pressured to buy products and and not forced into meaningless small talk.  The salon is about relaxing, not having to keep up useless prattle.  A+.  I will keep coming back.
5	I moved to Charlotte a year ago and have gone to several stylists in the area trying to find "the one." After a many nights looking at Pinterest hair styles and asking everyone I know the best place to get color, I chose T Reid. I called 6pm the night before and they got me in for an apt at 10:30 the next morning. Chelsea, though a Level 1 Stylist, was phenomenal! She knew what she was doing, kept great conversation, and made sure I felt comfortable with every move she made. It made this girl, nervous about going brown and shorter, at ease. The staff was super nice and they brought me a glass of water when I arrived. I also got a packet of samples. You'll see me there every other month forever!
5	This is a great salon!!  Super friendly and a unique atmosphere.  I moved here in September and was concerned about finding a new stylist.  Mistie was recommended by a close friend and I was immediately hooked!  She has a great personality, listens, and creates a beautiful cut and color.
5	I moved to Charlotte almost 3 years ago, and after 3 years of searching I still had to drive back home to fix whatever mess someone in Charlotte created of my head.  That is, until now.  I decided to give them a try based on the Yelp reviews and the fact that it is right down the street from me.  I am proud to say I have finally found someone in Charlotte who can make my hair look great.  I have super curly hair which is a challenge on its own to cut right.  Chelsie did an amazing job.  Plus the salon is in a cute old house along East Blvd.  I will definitely be returning.
5	AT LAST! I never got my haircut since I had so many bad experiences. Being relatively new to Charlotte and having only tried the Paul Mitchell salon in Southend (it was okay, but not what I wanted and they tried to convince me to color my virgin hair), I was wary of another new adventure.It was such a great and non-complicated experience. Laura (level 1) took care of me and knew exactly what I wanted without even needing a picture. I have a lot of hair, but I like long layers that for some reason no stylist had mastered until T Reid. They use Pureology in their great lineup of salon products, which was another plus- I didn't leave without the yummy smelling spray Laura used during my style.Thank you T Reid and Laura for finally being a place I can go relax and know I'll leave feeling like a princess!
