4	I am generally not a fan of chain restaurants.  I have an even harsher view when it comes to Italian chain restaurants.  All that said....I dig the Macaroni Grill!  Before they came to Charlotte, I used to drive 45 minutes out of my way to eat with them....in Greenville, SC no less!
4	This place is very easy to find: next to On the Border. These two restaurants are the ones that stand out the most in the Promenade. The food is always good. I've been here a number of times for both lunch and dinner. The free bread is DELICIOUS. One of my favorite free breads. It's nice and hot, and you dip it in the olive oil. Entrees are great. The cream sodas aren't that great, because they come out in tall glasses and when you get to the bottom of it, you're just sipping cream through the straw because there's no more soda. Besides that, everything else is great. The service is very attentive, interior is very cozy and dimly lit, and drawing on the table (covered in paper tablecloth) with crayons is always fun. Not a bad place to go regularly for lunch or dinner.
3	Macaroni Grill is a good solid restaurant chain.  Their bread is good, their salads are good, their pastas are good & you can order them with what you want in them.  I have only one problem with their food.  It is all very high in fat content & calories.  You are going above your daily requirement of 50-60 grams of fat per day if you eat here; therefore this restaurant is a "splurge".  If I'm going to blow a day in eating good food, is this what I'm going to blow it on?  I don't think so.
2	I LOVE Italian food.  With that being said, it's kinda hard to mess up a good pasta dish with marinara sauce and generous use of garlic.  In this respect, Romano's doesn't dissapoint.  Yet with a million and one places in town to get good Italian food, this place ranks about halfway.Why you ask?  I visited yesterday for lunch and had a decent meal.  I began their bread: warm, "rustic", and served with olive oil.  Then, I had a salad with house dressing (a balsamic, Greek-ish tasting concoction) and Chicken Parmesan.  The rosemary on top was a nice touch that other chains don't do. The sauce was good, but no different really than Bertolli's chunky marinara in a jar. Otherwise, it was as predictable as any meal at Olive Garden or Carraba's.  For $12, I was a bit dismayed at the portions.  The service was virtually non-existent during our meal; the water glasses were not refilled. The service alone brings the rating down to 2.  Though I would return to Romano's if invited by someone, I'm shocked (or perhaps lulled into apathy) by its mediocrity.  I suppose this place makes a nice lunch destination, but don't expect to be "wowed" by it.  Its neither elegant or authentic, its just another Italian chain.
4	I don't think I've ever eaten at Macaroni Grill before, and if I have, it's been a really long time...but we had a great meal, great service and I would recommend this location for sure!  Probably would give 3.5 stars if I could, but decided to round up based on attentive service and the fact that overall the dining expereince at this Macaroni Grill in the Ballantyne area was very good!  Not a higher score solely based on that my experience didn't wow me, but for a chain restaurant it was a solid experience and a great place to eat a casual meal!We started with tomato bruschetta which was very good - tomatoes tasted freshly prepared and bread was grilled just right!  I selected Pollo Limone Rustica which was chicken in a lemon basil sauce with penne pasta and was baked to achieve a crusty top with creamy pasta and spinach underneath - very good and a large portion with plenty of leftovers for lunch! He had Chicken Marsala and very much enjoyed it as well - the sauce looked just right!I would definitely return to sample some of the other dishes offered and maybe try one of the desserts that looked really good!
2	It was alright, but if I'm driving that far I'm going to Maggiano's. The aroma that you smell when you walk in gets you excited about their food. However it doesn't WOW you or anything. Service was good and attentive.
5	Every single dish was fantastic and we had a lot of them.  Stuffed mushrooms, roasted asparagus, lobster ravioli, lasagna bolognese, and Dover sole!!  All great!!
2	Bad service, pasta under cooked, and a health score of 92!
4	I threw my parent's 30th wedding anniversary surprise party here and the staff was incredibly helpful.  The assistant manager assured us a place next to their fireplace and helped us put up our decorations.  They were incredibly patient and flexible with all of our changing needs.While the staff was incredibly helpful, I was a little disappointed with their service during the meal. The food took awhile to come out, especially the cake we brought in.  We probably spend a cumulative amount of 45 minutes to an hour for all of our courses to come out even though the restaurant was not even at half capacity.  Our waiter just left us with pitchers of water and failed to check up on us for most of the time we were there.Regardless, my parents were extremely happy with their surprise.  Thank you, Macaroni Grill, for your help in making this event such a meaningful one!
2	So-so Italian food at high prices. You're paying for the ambience, not the food here. Everything looks pretty but underneath it all it's pretty mediocre. The first time I went, I tried that create-your-own-pasta dish. The chicken was not cooked enough, the pasta was okay, and the sauce was about the same taste as Prego.I decided last night to try something that nobody can really screw up, their spaghetti and meatballs (they reversed it to be clever and call it meatballs and spaghetti..whatever!). I really can't believe that this could taste so plain. The meatballs weren't all that and the sauce was actually less flavorful than what I get from a jar. My wife's chicken parm was good (just the chicken - the rest suffered by the mediocre sauce) and both meals were only saved by the generous portion of fresh grated cheese on top that the waiter applied. Best bets: They have wonderful bread. Forget the olive oil they give you to dip it in, ask for their butter. Oh. My. God. I could actually go here to eat their bread and salad alone. Caesar was pretty good although they're very stingy with the dressing.Very attentive waiter. I could tell he was a little new at this gig but he was very sufficient.Your pal,Walter
3	Went last night with the family for a night out.  I do not typically patronize chain restaurants and was hesitant about going here.  They offer a gluten free pasta and one person in my party has Celiac so it met they're requirements.It is nicely decorated inside and at 5:45 on a Saturday night there was no wait which is a bonus in this area of Charlotte.  We were seated and waited approximately 10 minutes before we got up to find out why we weren't being served.  Once that was resolved we ordered.  I had the "special" of linguine, with clams and sweet corn something or other which was OK.  The pasta was cooked perfectly the clams and pancetta in the sauce were passable but I kept thinking that it came from a mass market distributor in a preprocessed mishmosh of a bag.  Other people had the Seafood Di Mare and create your own pasta, all which were good.All in all, this is not a place I'd regularly go to but it was OK for a quick Saturday night dinner.
3	Had a later lunch this Sunday. Our food was very flavorful and reasonably priced. Chicken scaloppine was delicious, but it sits a good while before it's brought to the table.  Here's my dilemma-if I rated the food and the individual server I would give it 4 stars at a minimum, but....I just don't get how they manage this restaurant. When we arrived there were a number of empty tables, but we were told we had to wait as their policy is not to allow servers to work more than 4 tables each.....duh; use more servers.  This could be a completely favorable experience if they were properly staffed rather than trying to minimize staff expense.Our server Nicole was very good, efficient and pleasant. I believe the servers suffer because of management's approach.
2	MG was our family constant for years...birthdays, after church just a good consistent, friendly Italian Restaurant where food was good and plentiful and the staff was professional.  That was essentially 2003-2011. Since then it has gone downhill: the food is very uneven leaning towards bad. The portions are smaller. Prices higher. Not a good price to value/quality ratio. Avoid the soups (like 4 oz.). The three pasta sampler was really bad (cold, hard and just bad tasting) The staff is decent though turnover seems high. Not sure what happened. Sad, but our family is looking for another convenient, quality dining tradition. I will give props for the free birthday cake we had tonight....likely our last time.
3	I have had several curbside pick ups from here. Super smooth process. No problems. Always friendly. The food is good. Not crazy good but always just really good. I like the chicken parm, lasagna, and chicken under a brick. Always a clean plate from me with this fare.
1	Dinner for two...in and out in 45mins.   If you get a bottle of wine you'll find yourself pounding it.  This is probably why they could not find the bottle we ordered for 15minutes. Then had no idea how to serve it. The courses gets served on top of each other as if they need to get you out of there. Order the lobster ravioli and it tastes like fish sticks. Order the mushroom ravioli and it comes out like a plate of hot stew.  You can't tell what is the ravioli and what the burnt bits are.....bluntly...it was a mess.  I give one star because the bread is good, although oddly they leave a bottle of olive olive oil on the table straight from the store.....next to the crayons they have on the table so the server can write his name on the paper table cloth for you to remember. Come on.  Meal for two was $102 with wine and apps.  This place was a lot better a few years ago....now they can't even get the lighting right. Dump.
2	Have not been here for sometime, WOW what happened, great meal last time. Was in early and not very crowded.  late delivery and luke warm appetizer. luke warm soup and two entres. Lasanga not hot very little favor, boring besides lots of pasta sheets. Son was served his entre 10 minutes before the rest of us, turns out he was served another tables meal. Down hill, server had all kinds of excuses for the kitchen, other servers. very disappointing.
1	We were sat quickly as the restaurant was not busy. It was my daughters graduation and we were all so disappointed. The service was horrible and the food was just ok. Our waiter must have forgotten about us cause we sat and ordered and waited and waited for just over an hour for our food then it was cold. All while the table next to us sat after and received the food before us. They left and our food was still not at our table. This is my second time at this Macaroni Grill with the same horrible service and  crappy  waiter (2 different waiters) . All I can say is THIS macaroni grill needs management to traintheir people better. Customer service is a lost skill at this restaurant.
2	Over the years I have heard many people rave about Macaroni Grill. After visiting for the first time, I'm not sure why. To start, the bread was highly over seasoned, and thus too salty for my tastes. The same can be said of the Pollo Caprese that I ordered, as it had way too much pepper (had I not been so hungry, I would have asked for a new one). Furthermore, the staff was highly inattentive, which resulted in my table waiting a long time for our food and checks.  Simply stated: save yourself the expense, and go somewhere else if you're in the Promenade.
1	Romano's Macaroni Grill has it's nerve to serve Italian food!  First of all, when they bring the EVOO, they don't put fresh herbs in the oil like Carrabbas, they put black pepper! The Caesar salad had so little dressing on it that I had to order extra.  I ordered Chicken Parm with a side of fettuccine Alfredo instead of spaghetti with red sauce..  When my dinner was served, they gave me spaghetti  with so little red sauce the noodles were white and the chicken was grilled, with cheese on top that wasn't even melted and NO sauce, just a smear on the plate.  The chicken was so tough I couldn't cut it with a knife.  I returned it, the 2nd dish was fried chicken with unmelted sauce and a smear of sauce and the fettuccine had so little sauce it was sticky.  My husband had the BBQ steak, medium rare and it came out medium well.  The waitress didn't have a clue about anything on the menu and had to keep asking other people simple questions.  This was absolutely the worst meal we have had and will NEVER step foot in Romano's Macaroni Grill again.  I wish we had gone to Carrabbas instead!
4	Had lunch this past Sunday around 1:30 pm. Pretty crowed. Took advantage of their BOGO free entree. Had the chicken scaloppine with artichokes and mushrooms in a lemon butter sauce. Liked it a lot, very buttery, if you like that style. Pork chop entree with risotto was good also. Not crazy about the chianti sauce. Wines are still 1/2 price and our server was very good; friendly and efficient. Last 3 times service and food is a vast improvement from a few months ago.
3	Nice quiet Wednesday evening to visit Macaroni Grill.  Was the first time I had been there in probably a decade, so my expectations were all over the place.They still have the white paper table-tops and crayons, which is great, gotta love that.  No longer do they have the giant jugs of house wine and the "honor system" for self-service.  So while that's a bit of a change, they did try to upgrade their house wine to a Sangiovese-Chianti blend which is a bit more in line with what they're trying to accomplish here.The stuffed mushrooms were pretty typical as was the calimari for appetizers.  The bibb and blue salad was solid and included some pancetta and crispy onions on top making the salad exceed the expectation of a bag of lettuce and some carrots.  My salmon was overcooked, but seasoned nicely.  Honestly, I don't expect them to have mind-blowing salmon, and this was amicable.  I swapped the standard sun-dried tomato orzo for a mushroom risotto which was actually a little undercooked, but still tasty.  The other folks at the table enjoyed their meals, and their experience, so overall was a good experience and actually exceeded the expectations.Waiter, Clay did a good job, and was quite accommodating to even my 2-year old, kudos to him and the rest of the waitstaff which did a nice job.
5	This is the best Mac grill I have been to. I have been to several around the country. Dan is an outstanding waiter. Ask for him!
3	When you actually go into the restaurant it's nice! Nice setting update classy etc etc. it's a nice spot for a simple date night. Now I usually do the To Go orders so this was my first time actually eating inside the place. The staff is very friendly and nice. They leave you a big bottle of water so that you can help yourself but they take care of your other refreshments. I got the usual Chicken Parm (I like spicy food so I got them to kick it up a bit) when the food finally came and I started eating it was like eating plain chicken. Even though the chicken was coated and backed and looked seasoned it was just rough. It had no flavor whatsoever. Now this is confusing because when I usually get the To Go it's usually pretty awesome! But inside the food just didn't hit it for me. It was a complete miss. Even my wife thought her Fettuccine was bland. I'm not sure what happened but I'm probably going to stick with the To Go orders here.The staff was 5 stars but the food was mediocre at best. Maybe they were having an off don't but I just don't know.
2	My first time ever eating at a Romano's MG. The group I was with said the food was great. I ordered Lasagna (only) for $13.00 and was not impressed at all, actually disappointed. The portion was extremely small and half of the 2 layers of noodles on top, were overdone and crunchy, inedible! Thankfully, their bread was good, with real butter. The service was great and the atmosphere was great but I have no desire to return. I think you get a much better deal at Olive Garden, portion and money wise. I'm very honest when I say this and actually, a little bit embarrassed but the frozen lasagna at Aldi from Bremer was much, much better all around.
1	What a let down. After not eating at This Macaroni Grille in 3 years my wife and I stopped and ate here after my daughters dance recital and it was ok, not great but ok. We decided to meet for dinner there today and I asked my family to join us and it was not good. The place was not that crowded and they appeared short staffed. Or table for six was two put together with a 1/2 in crack where they joined together, on wine glass flipped over and the server said that had happened earlier to someone else? Would you not have thought they would have fixed it? The food was slow to the table and 3 of the 6 entrees was stone cold, one was hot and two were warm. The manager offered to heat it up, the plate came back hot with the food still cold. Well there was more but I'm done. None of my party will return to this place, it's sad there was nothing really good about the experience at all.
3	Not as nice as I remember....my last experience had improperly made lasagna, was super hot outside and next to frozen cold in the center. Great customer service. Great bread! Kid friendly.
1	For about 10+ years my family has gone to macaroni grill often and for special occasions like birthdays. Over the last 2 to 3 years the restaurant has been in a steady decline in terms of quality. Our most recent and last visit included the new "half pound meatball dishes" which ended up absolutely nothing like the picture for the TV advertisement. First, the pound of food was about 4 ounces of meatball and 12 ounces of pasta. Second, the pasta lacked flavor and in my case only had a few pieces of sliced mushroom. Everyone at our table was not happy with their meal after having given the restaurant tour three visit chances. The bread is still good, the key on today is good and the waitstaff continue to be relatively decent. Unfortunately, this is the last time and there are other similar options whereby the food is much better and they seem to care more.
5	It was GREAT! Yes the food was great but what makes me happy with a meal is when the people that work there are happy to have you there, I felt like i was visiting family for a meal. We went around 5:30 pm. and it was not crowded or in other words we didn't have to wait for a table. They even had reading glasses i could borrow because i forgot mine. Our server Clay was great! this was our first time here and we will be back as often as we are in the area.
1	My wife and I went to MG on Friday 8/8/14 at 6:15 PM.Sat there 15 minsBefore our waiter appeared. Ordered chicken parm. Forty minutes later still no food and they wouldn't even produce a manager! We got up and left.This will be our last time.
2	The food was good - everyone at our table was happy with their meal. What made us all say we will never go back to this restaurant was the service. We were a party of 5 last night for dinner and the night started off with watching the guy who was supposed to be our server throw a temper tantrum at the hostess stand about being sat again. Apparently he had just been sat and was outraged. While walking by he told us he'd be right with us. We were a little relieved when someone else came to our table and introduced herself as our server. Since 3/5 of us have been servers in the past, we felt bad for her for getting us dumped on her and understood what it's like to work with a jerk like our original server (who spent the rest of the night working at a leisurely pace) to the point that we all agreed to pitch in extra for the tip to leave her something that would hopefully make her night a little better and enough to make the original guy feel like an idiot. But, the rare moments she spent at our table were never friendly and mostly awkward and uncomfortable. She completely forgot about drink orders and we were very clearly an inconvenience to her. Icing on the cake of awkwardness was watching and listening to her yell at her manager at the end of the meal. We were about to ask for the check when she was getting sat again and lost it because she already had FOUR TABLES.  In that moment all sympathy was lost and we were all left with no desire to return again.
4	My wife and I have eaten here twice in the last year and love it. We have always enjoyed MG's bread with the seasoned dipping oil and the house chianti wine is great. With that said, I usually found the entrees just ok, but the last two times at this MG the food to me was way improved. I ordered the mama's trio and just loved it.  Service and staff were good, but the food is what will bring me back and I hope it is soon. I really don't get the other reviews here.  Come on people, if you love this place like I do leave some positive reviews.
4	Ate here last evening with four good friends.  We wanted to eat a good meal and "catch up" with each other.  We had no problem hearing everyone at the table.  Our warm, crusty, and chewy bread and dipping oil were delicious.  My salad was fair, but the mushroom ravioli with marsala cream sauce was scrumptious!  My husband agreed when he devoured my leftovers when I got home.  We all ordered coffee and split two desserts---the Lemon Passion and the Homemade Chocolate Cake, each delicious.  Our server was fairly attentive (though we had to ask, she was quick to refill our coffees) and very pleasant and personable.  All in all, we had a wonderful evening and will return here again.
4	Slow service but the food was excellent.  We had the zuchinni appetizer, eggplant parmigiano, seafood pasta, and lasagna.   All were fabulous.
1	I now understand why this place has such terrible reviews. I can't comment on the food because we never got a chance to try it. My boyfriend and I walked in and were seated almost immediately. That is pretty much all we did. We sat for fifteen minutes and not one person came to our table. There were only 5 other tables in the restaurant which should have tipped us off. The final straw was when three of the servers looked right at my boyfriend and then looked away. We walked out, right past the manager, who said nothing. Never again.
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. The time I went before this one, my food took over an hour to make it to the table, and when it did; it was cold and the Manager could not care less. Today, I decided to give them one more chance, we ordered chicken Parmesan and fatbread (yes, I spelled it right) the chicken was BURN, fatbread was blah. What's wrong with quality check at this restaurant!!!!! Poor poor poor experience, don't go!!!
3	In the way of chains, it's actually not bad!  The house wine was ok, nothing special but pretty darn special considering this is a chain.  The bread and olive oil was my favorite part of the meal, well really the olive oil.  I honestly don't remember much about my entree except that it was salty, greasy food you would expect from a chain restaurant, but in a good way!  For the price, it was great.  We are not talking a knock your socks off meal but that's not what you came here for, is it?  Good option for a quick lunch before, after or in between shopping.  Decent kid options too.
2	This place, I don't know, maybe I am prejudiced after going to Italy this summer but the food (specifically the lasagna) is just so plain and, well, bad.
1	Planed on dinner there tonight, that wast utill I saw there sanitation score! 86% that is just horrible, and unacceptable  . There off my list utill that score comes way up
1	oh, my!  I try to stay open minded and give the benefits of the doubt, but seriously this was the bomb.  I was here last in December 2013, and LOVED.   One of my favs!  Made reservations for today for an a Christmas lunch and was disgusted.  Rating is 86%!   Service was seriously terrible (had to keep reasking for everything) and spinach salad - the four shrimp on it were cold or not warm!  Who knows.   I complained to manager.  Will NOT be going back again.   Everyone in my party was upset.  Not fesitive for holiday like it had been for years.  WILL NOT GO BACK.  RUN! RUN! RUN!
