1	We went to this newly opened restaurant with high hope as its advertised manual showed all famous dishes from the Shaanxi province in western China. Unfortunately, our enthusiasm was quickly diminished by the poorly prepared/cooked dishes. The chief over used spices to hide the poor quality lamb meat he used in the dishes. The BBQ lamb was so tough that was not eatable. Ground lamb was used instead of whole piece of lamb to reduce cost for the owner.The service was very poor as well by the inexperienced water and waitresses. I have to say we will not go back to this place, once was enough.
1	*****NEVER GO THIS RESTAURANT*****Services is piss poor, no acknowledgement, server put down the menu and walk away, sit for 10 minutes with no services, no tea, no water. My family and I will never go THIS restaurant with such bad experience. Quality of Food? We have no ideal, we didn't even get the chance to order after 10 minutes of wait. My family and I got up and go next door to HK Star! We get 5 stars services at HK Star.
4	Lambs beware! This place serves up tasty lamb in so many ways, grilled, stewed, boiled, fried you name they got it! Bad for lambs but good for us. I typically hate lamb for its gamey taste however this place does lamb right. I'm also assuming this place came from California since their website says Rosemead so I'm glad that Cali food is coming over. Lamb skewers are THE thing to get here. The lamb is very tender and fatty. They then pile on authentic spices which covers up the gamey taste. This is pretty much as close as you can get to authentic chinese lamb skewers in Vegas so definitely try this. 5 pieces for $6.Another thing to try are the cold noodles with sesame sauce. The noodles are thick and chewy which I like and drenched in a chili oil/seasame sauce with small chunks of bean curd. Very tasty! and only $3.50Service was good enough.  Server stopped by and checked on us and don't be afraid if you don't speak chinese cuz they do! Located in same plaza as HK Star and Icy Juicy next to Cue Ds.
1	We went to this newly opened restaurant with high hope as its advertised manual showed all famous dishes from the Shaanxi province in western China. Unfortunately, our enthusiasm was quickly diminished by the poorly prepared/cooked dishes. The chief over used spices to hide the poor quality lamb meat he used in the dishes. The BBQ lamb was so tough that was not eatable. Ground lamb was used instead of whole piece of lamb to reduce cost for the owner.The service was very poor as well by the inexperienced water and waitresses. I have to say we will not go back to this place, once was enough.I wrote the review for this restaurant when it had an address close by, now the owner tweaked it into a new place but it is the same place.
5	great shannxi style food. Roujiamo, Yangza, lamp soup, noodle.....
4	i have been missing shan xi food since i came to US, this restaurant  made my day, i was so happy to eat  my favorite food. If you want to try the real shan xi food, this is the place . i am going back tonight for the noodle
5	This place is great. The dishes I chose were green beans and also I got a spicy lamb sandwich. OMG this is great and addictive.
4	This restaurant has really added a unique and delicious food experience to the Vegas community.  I had never had Northern Chinese cuisine until I dined here, and it is amazing!
4	I was recently introduced to this new kid on the Spring Mountain block by a friend visiting from out of town since he noticed an ad in a local Asian publication for this place specializing in Shaanxi cuisine and he had done a study abroad in the Shaanxi province back in college.  There were a few dishes he was yearning to have since then and we thought to check this place out to see how they measured up.  For those unfamiliar with Shaanxi cuisine, it is a underpopulated northwestern Chinese province with heavy use of pork and lamb in their dishes and they also have specialized dishes with regards to thick breads and noodles.  The profile for most dishes emphasizes combining sour and spicy with strong and heavy flavors.We began the meal with their lamb sandwiches.  Spicy lamb cooked enclosed by a Chinese pita, the crunchy exterior provides a starchy contrast to the tender lamb with a carnitas like consistency.  Lamb skewers- served along long metal rods, the lamb was aggressively seasoned with a dry rub of chili and cumin yet the meat itself is tender and fatty like a good ribeye.The dish that prompted this visit was the lamb "pao mo" since my friend waxed poetic about his time abroad being served a spicy lamb stew and a side of thick crusty pita-like bread that he had to tear into bite-size pieces by hand much like one would place oyster crackers into a chowder and allow the bread to soak in the broth for 10 minutes to absorb the flavor and soften up into a chewy noodle-like texture.  Here the dish is served with the bread pre-soaked and it is accompanied by garnishes of red chili-paste, cilantro, and pickled garlic cloves.  I thought the dish was tasty, but I'm curious how this compares to the read deal since the bread pieces essentially tasted like a well-cooked handpulled noodle diced into little cubes (I'm wondering if they cheated and actually used pre-boiled noodle bits) and it's one of those dishes that diminishes in quality the longer you eat it since each bite gets heavier and more cloying on the tongue.  My theory is that either the liquid gets soaked up by the bread or the starches are gradually released into the broth.  I recommend splitting one bowl to share so that it is consumed quickly for maximum quality and there is also a "supreme" version that sounds more promising since it has additional condiments of bean curd, wood-eared mushrooms, and other veggies to lighten this dish a bit more.  There are also several options for the adventurous eater such as lamb haggis stew and other forms of offal (pig's ear, ox tongue, chicken gizzards) and I'm looking forward to trying some of their handmade noodle dishes the region is famous for on my next visit.  My advice would be to go for the lamb and noodle dishes (as Ron Burgundy would say, "When in Shaanxi...") and allow your tastebuds to go into baa-baa booey overdrive.3.5 stars but with a half star bump due to originality and authenticity and I feel confident there are some standout dishes I have yet to try that other trusty yelpers will soon elucidate to me in time.
4	Food is meatcentric and tasty.  Vegetarians beware - I ordered a fried tofu and leek dish but there was pork in it.  You have to specify no meat before ordering.  They do not serve rice, only noodles.
4	Service is puzzling, but food was good.  Will definitely be back next time we're in LV.Service:When we went here, it was Monday night and there were only 3 or 4 tables occupied.  Two waiters, both young 20 somethings.  For some reason our waitress decided to clear and clean all of the tables in the restaurant instead of coming to our table to see if we were ready to order.  We were waiting, puzzled, for at least 15 minutes.  I think you just have to be more assertive and shout for service when you need it here.  Food:We ordered the lamb soup with clear noodles (shui pen yang).  This was delicious and warming, with thick slices of lamb and thick, round clear noodles.Cumin Lamb- tiny fatty lamb pieces stir fried with chile, cumin, onions and red bell peppers.  Nice dish, but we probably would have been better off just getting lamb skewers since the flavor profile is pretty similar.Eggplant, potato, and bell pepper stir fry (Di san xian)- really awesome dish!  The potato and eggplant pieces were perfectly crisped up to receive the sauce.  This is a large dish and can easily by itself be a meal for 2 people.
3	Eyeball Tacos in LA? Camel in Cairo? Guinea pig in Lima? No problem. The food at Shaanxi will not be readily accessible for some, but you will never discover new dishes/cuisines if you don't make an effort.We started with the cold noodles in sesame sauce, as well as the Ox tongue/tripe in chili sauce. The cold noodles are handmade, thick and chewy. Delicious. The Ox tongue was dry and had the consistency of hard salami. The dish is served cold, and the chili sauce is so overwhelming that I was not able to taste the meat thought the heat.We moved onto the lamb sandwich. Delicious little chucks of lamb, diced and served with an abundance of fresh/chopped jalapenos served in a Chinese pita. We also ordered lamb skewers as well as chicken gizzard skewers. Both meats were encrusted after cooking in a pungent spice mix. The pieces of meat, no bigger than a sugar cube, crunched from the over abundance of spice mix. The taste of the meat was once again lost.The wife and I finished by splitting a bowl of the lamb stew with bits of pita added to the stew to serve as a form of noodle. The broth was rich and tasty, a few tender  slices of lamb lay across the top of the bowl. Overall rich and satisfying. No one dish stood out as excellent. I'm not sure if we will be back, not with so many other interesting restaurants still to try. But service was good and the staff helpful with recommendations.
5	Very delicious dishes, different than your typical Chinese restaurant and great service. Great place to go if u like spices.
3	service was a little slow but the food has a lot of flavor and the place is pretty tidy and clean. Would definite come back when in the mood for some cumin lamb.
5	Caution to all yummy little lambs out there - Shaanxi is the real deal.  Exercise  your handy dandy menu pointing finger and then prepare to grub.  The food comes out of the kitchen faster than a speeding bullet.  Their food is top-notch and authentic.  My absolute favorite item is their lamb noodle soup, which is bursting with a rich lamb meat juice broth afloat with a generous portion of their homemade double wide noodles.  BF and I were literally chopstick fighting over the last bit of noodle in our shared bowl.  The cold sesame noodles are excellent and we tried the scallion lamb dish, which is a heaping mountain of tender juici-ricious lamb. Don't go here expecting premium service, but I must say that their service is a bit above average for an authentic Asian restaurant.  The people are very nice and friendly, but you might have to flag them for a drink refill. Their prices are very reasonable.  If I lived closer, I would eat here 1-2x/week.
5	Finally, the NW Chinese cuisine I love so much has come to Vegas!  We are talking lamb, lamb, and more lamb.  If you are looking for rice dishes or General Tso's, Lemon, or Sweet and Sour Chicken, this is not the place for you.  This area of China has a lot more wheat, so noodles are much more common than rice.  And we are not just talking about any noodles.  We are talking about double wide, foot long home made noodles.  Yes I do realize I just said Asian foot long noodles.  Moving on...    For an Asian place, the service is excellent.  Ask for Wu.  While he himself is not from ShaanXi, he is from east neighboring province of ShanXi and knows all of the best dishes.  Confusing I know.    He will make sure your water and tea stay full without asking, and he is more than willing to point in you the right direction to all of the best menu items, as well as give you more detail about the cuisine if you are curious.  Lamb noodle soup, the cold sesame noodles (spicy, add vinegar for really nice flavor), the lamb skewers, ahhh the goodness.
5	Love love love you Shaaaaaaanxi Goooooourmet.  We have been here about 5 times now, and Wu, the superstar running the dining floor service, remembers us and gives us the VIP treatment every time.  Wu isn't from Shaaaaanxi, but he is from ShanXi.  If you mention this, I'm sure you'll give him a giggle. I need to update my previous review to let everyone know that the service here is excellent for an Asian dining spot.  If your ice water or tea becomes low, don't be afraid to raise your hand & ask for a refill.  You won't find nicer, friendlier service anywhere in China Town.  I have been trying new dishes each time we visit, but my 2 staples are the lamb noodle soup and the cold sesame nooooooodles.  Super yum.  Keep up the good work Shaanxi.
1	I order Za Jiang Mein noodles from them before many times.  Za Jiang Mein suppose to be hot.  I went there and waited 35 minutes for the noodle and there were only two other customer there.  So I ask my server why takes so long? she replies because you came here at this time. We only have one chef is making the food.  OK fine, when the server brings me the noodle i notices its cold noodle! So, I ask the server again why its cold. first she thought its not right and should not be cold.  She went to ask the chef.  I can hear the chef yelling from the kitchen because the noodle is rinsed in cold water so we can stir in the za jiang sauce.  (even if its rinsed in cold water, it still should be at warm temperature. ) I told the server maybe the chef forgot about our noodle is being rinsed.  Maybe its being soaked in cold water too long.  after I heard the chef and food server is talking shit in Chinese in the restaurant. At this point, I don't want to eat there anymore.  It was their mistakes and they do not admit and blame to the customer.
4	So my research group just gained two visiting scholars from the Shaanxi province and one of them wanted to eat the famous "Chinese burger." She told me about this place and today all four of us went here for lunch. I could tell this place is catered to Chinese people mainly because the sign out front is in Chinese font - if I was by myself I probably wouldn't have been able to find it. Hint: it's next to HK Star. We ordered three of those Chinese burgers, the famous cold noodle dish and a tofu and vegetable soup. I love the cold noodle dish - whatever spices they used, they were so delicious. Same for the tofu vegetable soup, I can eat that everyday!!! I didn't care for the Chinese burgers.If you come here, get the cold noodle plate.
4	You know its good food, when in an ethnic restaurant you are the ONLY white person and the rest of the restaurant, just tolerates your stupid questions.    I love the Lamb Noodle Soup , the Cucumber salad is made with shards of garlic and szchewan red chilis, insanely good@!   Back to the lamb noodle soup, homemade egg noodles in a lamb broth, 8.50 a bowl, best in town.  It is like the best northern chinese food in Vegas.  Its a small place, but they do a great job on the food.   I give the food a 5 star, but the location and ambience is a little less that perfect.   But, dont miss it, its a great place for chinese.   Also, try the stewed pork sandwiches, they are just sublime!   mmm mmm good...get some!
2	My heart breaks to write this as so many reviews lead me to believe this was another Booming Hot-Pot discovery of Chinese bliss - a unique Chinese cuisine experience waiting for me to dive in head first.  Sadly, not so much.After fighting a cold for the last couple of weeks, seeing check-in's for Shaanxi Gourmet coupled with mentions of an epic "lamb with noodle" soup as well as appetizing photos drew me to arrive at said restaurant for dinner on a Saturday night around six.  Shaanxi specializes in the titular region of Chinese known for pork and lamb meat.  That's fantastic - I'm a big fan of both, particularly lamb.  I read up on the reviews and understood that this was hole-in-the-wall drab decor with friendly service and great food that had rather blah decor and sometimes required paging the staff for refills.  Okay, that's manageable.  However.  The server couldn't understand ANY English.  I had to point at what I wanted.  I had to point at a pot of tea to show I wanted hot tea.  I asked for another serving of soup, he brought a bowl.  Beyond the language barrier, our server forgot half of our order!  I had to remind him after chasing him down for another menu to point at this.  I eat at a lot of foreign restaurants that I can get past the language barrier but it was poor, overwhelmed service coupled with a lack of comprehension.  The epic soup?  Completely devoid of any and all flavor.  Even ramen and pho that has strong condiments at the table to flavor the soup to your liking has a strong flavor to begin with that is only complimented by the table fixings.  This was just... beyond me.  Super thick noodles and giant chunks of lamb, awesome.  Flavorless soup?  Bland?!  I was so just disappointed with all of this.  The lamb skewers were tiny for what I expected and slightly over-seasoned.  So frustrating.  And 25 dollar credit card minimum?  Forget this place.
4	TL;DR:Food Taste: 5Food Quantity: 4Service: 3Price: $$ ($35 with tip and tax, no EtOH, food only for two)Value: 4If you like spicy and sour food, this is the place to come to.The cold noodle dish is prepared with hot chili oil and vinegar. There appears to be random bits of spongy soy product around. Not an issue, especially since they soak up a lot of flavor.The "Chinese burger" is basically slightly salted pulled/shredded beef placed between two pan seared round flat bread. Highly recommended. Add a little bit of the leftover sauce from the cold noodle dish for a little kick.BBQ: tried the lamb and beef tonguelamb is highly seasoned, very spicy. There's a hint of game typical of lamb that you can notice, but only if you taste for it.beef tongue is not as spicy, but definitely a bit chewy. Another dish, noodle based, is seasoned like their cold noodle dish, except everything is hot (temp wise), and the noodles are long and thick, with some green onion and bean sprouts. Again, spicy and sour, just the way I like it. Noodles are nice and appropriately chewy. Just the right amount of "QQ."The Service:it's a chinese restaurant. what more could you possibly expect?The Ambiance:See above.Conclusion:Sour and spicy food. BBQ is tasty (but spicy!) and not terribly overpriced for what you get. Will return in the future.
1	Tried pita bread lamp soup, cold steamed noodle and shanxi sandwich with pork, not even met our minimum expectation, the pork sandwich was way toooo dry, no juicy at all with the pork!! lamp soup, mutton smell too strong. And the service was totally disappointed!! Especially the young kid, maybe the owner's son, don't want to help his dad, just sooo rough; he would just drop your food on the table and turn away without saying anything(what's the food name) or just act politely!! Just will not recommend this restaurant!
1	I have been to this restaurant since its opening. Have been here several times before but as the time goes by, the quality of food gets worse and worse. I ordered pan-fried hand made noodle today and it turned out a total disappointment. It used to be my favorite. Not only its dwindling portion, but also the noodle stopped being chewy and all the ingredients supposed to be there are not there any more! After that noodle, I'm still hungry. Never come back here ever again.
5	I fell in love with the steamed bum made in there.
2	Just left the restaurant unhappily. The young man server is not welcoming and doesn't really know about their food. The most answers we got from him is I don't know. The chef forgot to put pork in our order: pork with dry tofu, the very nice owner was trying to redo it, but this young man stopped the owner by saying the customers said it's ok!!! And the charge is not taken out from the bill. Surprisingly they even charged on rice. I feel really sorry about the owner. Apparently they have a careless server or family member to take care of their customer service.
