3	I won't be I-Hopping my way back every time I am in need of a breakfast fix. It is a decent place to eat with good prices and plenty of food. My favorite is the pumpkin pancakes that roll out in the fall season. This is truly the only time I really go to I-Hop. I wait all year for them and just love them. You can get them with eggs, hash browns and bacon for only $5.99. Its a great price.I don't usually hop over unless I am hopping through for the pumpkin pancakes at IHop, and I Hop you take my recommendation as well :)
2	Extremely slow... We waited entirely too long for food.
4	IHOP is one of those places that you always know what you are going to get. Personally, I always end up there after a long night so I rarely have to deal with the real breakfast crowds. The late night servers are very laid back and friendly. Probably due to the fact that they haven't seen a customer in hours when I roll in. I go simple here, eggs, pancakes, bacon, that sort of thing. It always comes out as ordered and fills up my drunk tum tum. Is it the best food, no. The classiest atmosphere, no. Is everything delicious and reasonably prices, heck yes. See you after the next night out!
4	Nothing different. Easy. Come here a lot cuz kids eat free.
3	We never, ever have good service here.  About a year ago, we waited at the hostess stand for so long that we decided to leave.  When we got to our car and put it in reverse, all of a sudden, a waitress comes knocking on my window!  It scared the living daylights out of me and made me almost feel sorry for her.  I guess times really ARE hard when a waitress comes outside and figuratively begs for her lost tip.Anyway, I was dismayed when that same waitress ended up at our table last night.  It was obvious why we waited so long to be seated during the previous visit.... she was slooooooow and seemed completely oblivious to my agitation.  There were only two tables in the whole restaurant, so a glass of water shouldn't take 15 minutes to deliver.  Ugh.  The three stars are for the STEAK TIPS.  Oh my, they are good.  Whether you get them as a breakfast platter or a dinner platter is irrelevant.  The sides don't matter at all either way.  I haven't actually had more tender, flavorful, and consistently good steak tips anywhere else.  I don't say that lightly either - I'm a carnivorous sort of lady.So come here if you've got all night to waste, because it's probably gonna take that long to get your order.  But if you order the steak tips, it'll be worth the wait!
3	Service was great, and food was fine.  Very clean restaurant.  Not gourmet but good all the same.
3	A friend and I came here after a long night of drinking at the Blind Tiger.  We wanted to eat pancakes and knew this would have been a sure bet.  At 3am, trust me, you'll be the only one there.  That means more face time with your server.  That also means you better come with a friend, or you'll be lonely LOL.  I was also in the mood to get it down!  In other words, I was hungry.This night/morning, I got the breakfast sampler: Two eggs, two bacon strips, two pork sausage links, two pieces of ham, hash browns and two fluffy buttermilk pancakes.  It offered a lot of what I was looking for.  The eggs were over easy and cooked perfectly.  The bacon tasted a little weird and not smokey like I'm used to or was craving.  The sausage links were on point and what I expected.  Hashbrowns seems undercooked and not crispy enough and the buttermilk pancakes were fluffy and hit the spot.  Very on average as you can see.Because I was drunk, I also decided to get another dish.  DON'T JUDGE ME!  I'm just trying to make a well rounded review. My second dish was the ham and egg melt, because I LOVE the Moons Over My Hammy at Denny's.  This dish is a grilled sourdough bread stuffed with ham, scrambled eggs, Swiss and American cheeses.  First off, NOTHING near Denny's competition.  The sourdough was too soft and not crispy enough.  The ham was alright and the combo of cheese tasted great.  I just could get past the bread.  I seriously think the texture of the grilled bread really makes the sandwich come alive.  They also served it with potatoe wedges which were also undercooked, but seasoned good. All in all, I may have had alcohol in my system, but trust me.  That allowed my taste buds to really get a great feel for the food and thus making it easier to review truthfully.  I know, I know, that's a bunch of BS.  LOL.  I'm sticking to it and that's that.
2	Went to this one a while back and there was a roach in the bathroom stall.  And I don't mean one of those big desert roaches that you're likely to come across every now and then when the humidity is higher.  I mean those small, dirty cockroaches that, where there are one, there are a million.  New Yorkers will know what I mean.  Enough said.
4	Totally outstanding service each time I visit. GREAT FOOD. Everything comes together. Really great spot. Bianca was really good on two occasions, personal, professional, and good at all areas. My only gripe was when we paid compliments to the manager he seemed disinterested and like "yeah, okay.. " when it would have been nice to hear something like "really? great to hear, I'll let her know". Recognition is always important. oh, and sometimes I found dirty silverware rolled up *minus one star. kind of gross.
3	Pretty polular chain. The service is usualy pretty good here, I've had more positive experiences than not. I usuay get grilled cheese with hash browns nearly everytime I go there, even in the evenings. I love the way the bread is crispy and the cheese is melted. One time I came here the sanwich looked as though the put the cheese in between, then put it on the grill for a few seconds and took it off. The cheese wasn't melted at all. I asked the lady if the cheese can be melted more and she replied "that's how we always make them, but I'll have them melt it more." I've been there enough times to know that is not the case. When my plate came back the whole thing was hot. She put the whole plate in the microwave. Not only did she put it in the microwave, she put it in there too long. The cheese was like rubber. And the bread didnt taste good. Something else I like to get are the cheese sticks. They're really good when the cheese is perfectly melted on the inside. You have to eat them while they're hot. I use ranch and marinara dipping sauces. Other than that incident, the service is good. The food is good. Overall its a good place to just come, eat and converse with others. Or come have some alone time and eat, read the paper whatever.
4	Ihop is my favorite breakfast chain, and the service at this location is outstanding.  Blanca, our server, was amazing. She is friendly and made sure my husband's eggs were perfectly over-medium.  My "Pick a Pancake" combo with the New York Cheesecake pancakes, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, and extra-crispy hashbrowns got my day off to a great start.  Great location by Sunset Station!
1	I generally like IHop.  Really, what can be bad about eggs and pancakes?!  Well -- I'll tell you:I ordered a ham and cheese omelette.  My eggs were over-cooked, with just a smattering of diced ham, and a slice of provolone plopped on top.  "Shouldn't the cheese be melted inside?"  I asked my server.  I thought she would replace my eggs, but no.  They stuck the omelette in the microwave -- cheese still on top -- and brought back the eggs now overcooked AND spongy, with a melted glop of cheese.The pancakes tasted like they sat for awhile, and the syrup spouts were so clogged,  and sticky that nothing came out of the strawberry and blueberry decanters.  The sugar packets were crackly; obviously, something long ago spilled on them, and they were never replaced.It's a treat to eat breakfast out, but I walked away unsatisfied.  I'm sorry I didn't spot the Marie Callendars a few blocks away.  I'm sure it's better than this place.
4	Ive been here a handful of times and they are usually pretty good at getting the food out fast and i haven't really had any issues with customer service ..
4	The food at the Westin wasn't all that great and my son and I decided to go for a drive to get breakfast.  Ihop seemed like a sure bet and we stopped by to grab some eggs and pancakes.  Service was fast and friendly.  I was hoping for a booth but we got seated at a table.  I guess that makes sense since it was just the two of us.  No biggie.  Coffee was served promptly and that immediately changed my morning from blah to YAY!!! I don't function without coffee.  My veggie, egg white omelet came out fast and so did my son's mini pancakes.  I was not pleased with their wheat pancakes though... there was something fishy about them.  They weren't spongy at all and they would crumble apart!  :(  I'd give 5 starts to service but 4 to the cooks... I hate it when they mess up my food.
3	I know, it's hard to believe...this was my first time EVER eating at a IHOP. And it was okay. The Good: I thought the decor was really cute, they have these walls with windows that kind of give it a cottage feel (i feel weird saying that for an IHOP...But its true) I waiter JESUS was super nice, and thanked us for our order and coming in. I thought that was special because most restaurants don't thank you for your $$.the french toast was SIGNIFICANTLY better than the blueberry pancakes. the syrup was overpowering on the pancakesThe bad: the meal is 9.99 compared to the exact same meal at dennys costing 3.99the hashbrowns were cold and hard. Next time Ill go to denny's since neither place is fancy, might as well pay less.
2	Slow service! Didnt really feel like I was a valued guest. I think I would feel better spending my money somewhere else, like the Dennys across the street. Then the waitress double charged our cards.
2	ehhh. That is all I have to say about this location. The food was o.k. I had a HUGE stomach ache after eating here. Was not very pleased by the quality of my food. My eggs were cold and wayyy to much butter for my liking on my pancakes. The waitress was friendly though. Not going back to this location, I've been to way better ihops.
2	Our server was pretty cranky. We have a large group (8 adults and 5 kids under 4 years of age), which I know can be stressful. But the service was terrible and the food mediocre. There weren't enough table settings (and they never got us any more, so none of the kids had silverware). The only upside is thy the food came out of the kitchen fairly quickly.
2	My first visit went well, but I returned a second time and was very disappointed. The server tried to be nice but between her non-understandable "accent" and inability to multi-task our breakfast was not a very good experience.There were only 2 of us. One ice tea came in an almost full glass and the other about 3/4 full. Weird! My food came out and maybe 5 minutes later the other food came out. I opened my utensils and there was hardened food all over my knife. Then thirdly my bisquits & gravy came out ice cold. When I sent it back for heating, I also asked for a second plate. The bisquits came back hot, but the plate never arrived. Finally the busboy got it for us. I spoke with the manager and he apologized but I have made my decision about the likelihood of returning there. Maybe they were having a bad day but i was not the only one complaining. Have been to other IHOPs and never experienced this.
2	Nice that they are 24hrs but me and my bf were the only late night customers and the waitress still messed up the order. Bathroom was very dirty!
1	I will never eat here again!! We waited 20 minutes for our table and then we were finally seated across from a table with 2 small dogs at it. They were sitting next to their owners being fed just like it was nothing. We got up and asked a waitress since when are dogs allowed in the restaurant and she replied with she thinks they are service dogs. I have never seen 2 chihuahua sized dogs be service animals and the fact that the credentials weren't verified was disturbing.  We were so disgusted we left immediately!
3	Food was good, however the service was absolutely horrible.  Not attentive at all.  Three tables of customers and after food was delivered it's like the staff vanished. I am rating only three based solely on service. It was the worst.  I don't think the servers understand that tips are earned.
3	We wanted to find somewhere to eat before our 1 AM red eye.   The food was not too bad for everyone. The service left a little to be desired.We arrived just after 10 PM on a Friday night with about three other tables in the restaurant. 5 minute greet time. 23 minute ticket time. The server didn't bring out the side salad we ordered and still charged us for it.The big steak omelette with three pancakes was cooked well and had a nice mix of ingredients: steak, hash browns, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, and sides  of sour cream and salsa. I was challenged to finish everything. No complaints from the rest of the family with their food which was a burger and strawberry crepes.With plenty of options for late night food, wouldn't put this place on the bottom, but definitely wouldn't put it at the top of the list.
