5	Dr Berthiume (Dr. "B")  has been my vet for many years .  He  and  Dr. Marzke  left Adobe Animal Clinic  in Scottsdale and  recently opened a small private practice in Tempe. i.e.Topaz VC..  He is the most knowlegeable, caring and compassionate vet I have ever met.  He treated my standard poodle, Jacque, correctly diagnosing him with Addison's Disease and gave me  tx options  and expert advice.  Because of his care Jacque had 5 additional years of quality of life before he succumbed to AD 2 years ago..  Two weeks ago, I had to put my little Shih Tzu, Remington,  to sleep due to intractable pain  resulting from by a large hematoma.  Dr. B gently explained  the process and was there with me when Remi took his last breath.  He  was very empathetic and comforting  and I felt as if it was his own dog he had put to sleep. The entire staff is caring and professional at Topaz  and the new clinic has a warm and inviting atmosphere.  Although I live in central Phx,  I would follow Dr. B to the moon if I had to to have him take care of my beloved pets.
5	I would follow Dr. B to the moon too!  I am very picky about the vets I use for my pets, Dr B and Dr M are the best of the best.
5	This place is BRILLIANT!The ladies behind the desk are wonderful, and always remember our dog.And Dr Berthiaume is so great. We are bringing our dog back to Ireland with us, and he has been wonderful helping us out with all the paper work and different things she needs to come back with us. It made the whole process a lot less stressful actually. I would recommend this place a thousand times. It's fantastic
5	Dr. B. and Dr. M. are fantastic. Yes you see me writing this at 5 am in the morning. Now upon reading my profile you might think that's normal. But I assure you a YELP review does not take place at 5 for me. Next to nothing takes place at 5 for me. Until today. When at 3:45 my dog started getting sick. Now keep in mind lab and retriever mixes are a special breed. They think lots of interesting things are food. Like banana peel, meat packaging or door knobs. Whatever. Thus they have stomach problems. Merely the nature of the beast. Pun intended. Dr. B. and Dr. M. have trained me on what's dangerous and what's not. This morning, there was a possible danger sign. So thankfully I dial up their cell number (yeah that's right they have a 24 hour cell number for emergencies) and speak frantically to Dr. M. She goes over with me what else to look for. How serious it is. She knows I'm a full time grad student. And some day I'm going to have a job where I can feed them filet Mignon every night. Hell make that every night and every morning. But currently those are not my financial means. So a trip to emergency vet really will break me for literally the next 6 months. However, I will spend whatever I have to make Macy and Jackson better. But Dr. M. is able to advise what could be wrong, how this situation has one red flag and yes he needs to been seen today but that it can most likely wait 3 hours until they open. Then gives me a list of warning signs to look for and if I see any to get to one of the following emergency vets pronto. So while I write this my kiddo is laying at my feet. So far none of the warning signs. Good news. We're down to two hours before we can go see them and they make Jackson feel better.
5	I am so thankful for the team at Topaz.  I recently took my cat in when he was very sick and was immediately put at ease by the level of competence and care.  Last year I took another cat in to be neutered after feeling pressured by a different vet to pay a tremendous amount of fees and have my kitten undergo various unnecessary procedures.  I have never met a vet team that I trusted more and will continue to always bring my pets here.  The office is very clean and welcoming.
5	I like Topaz Veterinary Clinic.  They have a wonderful, friendly, and very informative staff, convenient location, and fairly reasonable rates.  The techs here are truly some of the friendliest I've met which put me and my dog at ease.  I've only seen Dr. Berthiaume so far, and he's been very thorough, good with explaining why something needs to be done, and very patient to answer any questions.  I brought my dog in for an exam and vaccinations, with some questions about how to curb some behavior issues she had.  He had some good advice for treating the behavior issues, offering multiple solutions to the problems she had.  While my dog is still young and healthy, I would not hesitate to bring her to him if she had any problems.  Plus, he recognized my dog's name as a character from James Herriot's novels.  He's the first one to notice so I give props for that!
5	Having been new to the area I really lucked out finding good vets, Dr. B & Dr. M. My maltese had injured her knee and needed surgery. Along with Dr. Moody (their mobile surgeon) Roxie's knee was repaired and she is doing great 6 months later! I continue to see them for Roxie's regular check ups/ vaccinations, and they are just the best. The staff is always pleasant and they truly care about you and your pets. I'm so happy to have found them!
5	I'm very impressed with Topaz Veterinary Clinic, particularly Dr. Berthiaume. I manage a Doggie Daycare and boarding facility in Scottsdale and we have a daycare pup that's been coming for daycare. He recently had a mass removal at Topaz Veterinary Clinic. I noticed the incision was slightly irritated and called Topaz Veterinary Clinic to inquire about his history so I may transport him to a closer clinic. Dr. Berthiaume, ended up calling me back and immediately drove to our facility so that he may treat the patient himself. He wasn't only pleasant and friendly, he also seemed to be very knowledgeable to the background of the patient as well as his siblings. It's not always easy to find a Veterinarian who genuinely cares. I would definitely recommend!
5	Love this place. Very helpful & concerning to your pet. Prices are affordable. Nice environment & and very friendly.
5	Last year our friend recommended us to Topaz and we've been taking both of our dogs here ever since. Not only do they take great care of our dogs, Dr. B and his staff remembers all of our names and is so friendly and welcoming. They are very honest and never try and tack on things our dogs don't need. I've even had a few paranoid dog mom moments where I called them and they explained what to do from home so I wouldn't need to bring them in. Thankful to have an honest, caring vet to take my babies to!
5	Topaz Veterinary Clinic is amazing. I was worried about finding a good vet when I moved to AZ: one cat has several severe allergies and bad teeth, the other is a feral. I wanted a vet who was aware of recent research, and who didn't push unnecessary procedures. I went to Topaz based largely on reviews, and I am so glad I did!Dr. Berthiaume and Dr. Marzke are excellent veterinarians! They are caring, very informed, and clearly very interested in the science of veterinary medicine. You can tell that they really care about animals and about what they do. I am very happy with the way they have treated both of my cats, through dental cleanings, a difficult infection, and allergies. Their office staff are also fantastic, friendly, and kind. No one ever tries to push unnecessary procedures or vaccinations onto my pets. I trust this clinic. Topaz isn't cheap, but it isn't overpriced either. They do not nickel and dime you. I think the prices are reasonable, and they will also work out payment plans if you have a history of good payment with them.
5	We recently adopted our dog from my mom-in-law who lives in Casa Grande and I wanted to get Bruno in to see a vet in Tempe. I looked up a few offices and saw this location had an awesome rating. I was pleased to see someone I respect, Shayna K. from Scottsdale Doggie Suites, providing a 5 star rating and that was it. I immediately decided to make a new patient appointment for my furry baby. The office is clean, the staff is nice, and they made Bruno feel right at home. Dr. Berthiaume came in and was very informative. I think he could tell I was a nervous "new mom" and he helped me stay at ease. He suggested one medication for Bruno which is for heartworm prevention but didn't pressure me into making a purchase right then and there. He gave me a pamplet on it and told me to do some research on my own first. (AMEN!)When I told them about my concern about him scratching his ears a lot, they took swabs but didn't run them. Dr. B. said if he saw anything "bad" he would have ran them for a test but didn't want to charge me for anything Bruno didn't need done. He suggested to have Bruno's stool tested but said we could bring in a sample anytime and they would send it off then. There was NO pressure to have tests done so they could get money out of me. They genuinely cared about Bruno and my wallet. I will be going back, this is going to be my dog's doctor, and I appreciate how awesome everyone was. It is so refreshing to find a place that really care about the patients they see and the owners.
5	We recently moved and needed to find a new vet for my little shitzu Shugz.  Finding a place that he likes and feels comfortable at is VERY important to me.  Due to the good Yelp reviews, I decided this would be my first "try" at finding a good match for a Vet in our area.  I was able to get in quickly, and on a Saturday.  The receptionist was extremely kind and helpful.  We did not wait at all, and the original nurse that helped us clearly cared very much for my dog-- you could just tell she was an absolute animal lover.  The doctor came in right after the nurse, Dr. Berthiaume.  He was FANTASTIC.  Friendly, helpful, and went over what he would recommend, and what we could hold off on, and a long term plan for my dog.  The entire staff told me costs up front, so there were no surprises, and absolutely NO pressure to have unnecessary work done, as we've experienced at other clinics.Our check out was prompt, the price was exactly as I had expected, and I got a discount (without asking) for being a first time customer.  Later that week, I got a call notifying me that my dog's heartworm test was negative.I am extremely impressed at the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff, knowledge of the Dr. and just overall WOW factor of this Veterinary Clinic and I'm so thankful we struck gold on our first choice.The other thing is, they had a card displayed from the place that we had just taken our dog to get groomed that he LOVED - I guess good places come in pairs.Yelp reviewers are dead on here - this clinic is superior and I look forward to a long relationship with Topaz keeping my boy Shugz happy and healthy!
5	After seeing the outrageous prices at another clinic we made an appointment here at Topaz. This clinic is fast and extremely friendly. Every staff member here complimented our cat and was very patient and it was easy to see that they are all animal lovers. At the end of the appointment we were very happy with the price too; 25$ off for new patients! We will definitely come here from now on and make this recommendation to our friends as well.
5	I first chose Topaz because of the wonderful reviews on Yelp! And they have exceeded my expectations! Dr. B really takes his time with my cat & wanted the least invasive (& least expensive) treatment for my cat's mouth infection. He & his staff are wonderful & treat me & my furry companion with such sincere kindness, I wouldn't take my cat (or dog) anywhere else!
5	Super clean, friendly staff, knowledgable and informing! I highly recommend these guys. I feel my pup is in great hands here.
5	Dr. Sarah and Dr. B are amazing!  They are so caring and so good.  I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good veterinarian.  Their staff is excellent as well!
5	I have just moved back to Arizona and I did not yet have a vet. My yellow lab needed an immediate appointment, and I was able to make one the same day I called. Everyone in the office was great - the young lady who greeted me, the clinician and finally Dr. B. Everyone was kind and gentle with Niko, and Dr. B took a lot of time to talk me through not only the medical side of events, but also the emotional elements that involved my particular situation. If you need a great vet, please, call Topaz Veterinary Clinic. And on top of everything else, I was given a $25 first time visit discount I didn't even know about!! I am a HUGE dog person, and I left feeling great about my choice of vets!!
