4	The best kept secret in the Scottsdale Airpark. It is a small deli in a strip of office buildings, but is it yummy. It is so close to my office I can easily walk there to grab lunch. I work in an office all day and need to get the blood pumpin every now and then. The staff is super friendly and remembers me ever time I stop in, about once or twice a week or so. Their More Than A BLT is probably the best sammy on the menu. It's a regular BLT but they put their fabulous turkey on it and avocado I think. They have several other sammys to pick from, including hot ones. Or you can build your own. Their meats and cheeses are all fresh and sliced in house. They also have several salads and soups, and there is always a daily special that isn't on the main menu. I had a Grilled Reuben last week, yum! They are open for breakfast as well. I get the breakfast burrito all the time; eggs, cheese, cream cheese, green chills and your choice of ham bacon or sausage. They also deliver to most place in the airpark. We had a catered meeting at our office a few months ago and the delivery guy was great and fast. If you are in this area check them out.PS: Going to get lunch from there now! Jealous? You should be!
4	Sammys are yum!
5	I looooove Corner Deli!!!   I eat there at least once a week and their JALAPENO CORN CHOWDER only comes every few weeks and it is TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I get an email daily that tells me about the specials and the soups and every time I see that corn chowder on the list...I'm there! And they are expecting me!    I'm going to steal the recipe...shhhh don't tell anyone.  Corner Deli isn't exactly on the corner...but its around the corner!  And its perfect for those of you located in the Airpark!  They offer free delivery if you just can't get away from your desk.  The prices are affordable and the quality is out of this world!  They make all the sandwiches fresh when you order.  I'm also a big fan of their Turkey Ole sandwich.  With swiss cheese, lettuce, mayo and yummy green chilies!  They also offer breakfast burritos, bagels, sandwiches, soups, salads and ooey gooey brownies.  Monica who works the register is so friendly and charming.  I've even placed a phone order in the past and didn't make it to pick it up and Monica called to say she noticed my food had been sitting for awhile and asked if I wanted my soup re-heated!  If any of you are burnt out on the typical chains located in the Promenade, then just head around the corner to the Corner Deli and check it out.  You won't be disappointed!
4	I really like The Corner Deli. Sure, I don't love them. But that's okay, I'll keep coming back anyways! They're a great little deli with simple, tasty food and nice people. Nothing fancy about it, but that's part of what's so good.Of course I'm sure it helps that I work just down the street. Easy access = easily drawn in.
5	A great little place for lunch in Kierland. Even when I walk past it, it's classic decor and bar stools make me smile.
4	The pic you see on Yelp is not The Corner Deli, its of Chole's Corner in Kierland Commons. The Corner Deli is across from Scottsdale Quarter in the AIrpark. The atmosphere is very basic but the dining area was bigger than expected. Service was very friendly and our sandwiches were great. Pretty cheap, about $ 7 or 8 for a sandwich drink and a side.
5	When you visit Kierland, you'll have many restaurant options, but none will be as rewarding as Chloe's Corner Deli.Not being a 'bunny-food' aficionado, I threw a tantrum in Kierland Common's main square when my wife insisted we eat there, despite my penchant for PF Changs on this day. My arms firmly crossed and pressed closely to my chest, stomping my feet down in obvious disgust, and finally, plopping my butt down, (arms still folded) I  began to cry.This is when she dragged me to my feet and towed me into the deli.After ordering, (still crying) we sat outside, enjoying the spring-like temperatures.That's not all we enjoyed.We enjoyed the food once I got over my little hissy fit.I learned a couple things that day.One. If your wife is wearing non-matching bra and panties with her hair pulled back... a beret resembling a tiara, it's likely you're married to Wonder Woman and never knew it. Because despite your best attempt to remain glued to the sidewalk in a tantrum-like state, she WILL pick you up and drag you into the deli. Like it or not.Second. The spirit of Harriet Tubman (Underground Railway, google her) lives on. I say this because I firmly believe there's a network of women who secretly share the best places to have lunch, as this place was crawling with 'The Salad Network'.
1	Very disappointed, especially after all the good reviews everyone seemed to give this place. The meatball sub was weak, the chowder tasted like it came out of a can, and the potato salad was so bad I couldn't finish more than the first bite.
4	I just love these ladies! It's the "go to" for lunch at my office and everything on their menu is delicious (we've gone through pretty much everything). It's also the highlight of my day to hear them say "We'll have there in just a few minutes, sweetie." It always makes me smile.
5	The friendliness at this Deli really stood out to me.  Everytime I call to place an order the person who answers is so nice and helpful.  It's a double bonus that all the food I have had has also been exceptional.  I would recommend Corner Deli to anyone!
1	The place is closed, and out of business.
2	Slowest delivery ever! Not worth it
