1	Every time I shop here for pool repair parts, I get the wrong part. The chemicals (chlorine, muriatic acid, etc.) are not good quality and the place is operated by amatuers/kids.
3	The workers here are very friendly. But the price here is pricey compare to NPS pool & supply but this store is closer to me. So if you need something last min you just have to pay a little extra.
5	Paul is super.  Patiently explained pool care to me after refunding money to me for a price match!!!  I will definitely be using this store in the future!
3	This is a tough one to review, mainly because the overall prices of swimming pool stuff is totally out of hand. This depressed economy seems to have the opposite effect on pool supply prices, because they seem to go up a good 5% annually. Even with their discount coupons, the prices are really high, but I suspect that it's the same at all pool places.However, this place is only a few blocks from my house, which makes it very convenient for bringing in pool water for them to test, etc.The service there is very good (when they have more than one person working in there), and they offer free check-ups on anything that you bring in (automatic pool vacuums, etc.)They have a huge selection, so I always find what I'm looking for in their store (although sometimes I can't afford everything that I need).
2	First off I am never one to shoot the messenger.The employees are very nice people and they have to play by corporate rules. I purchased 2 LED lights from them, tried them out...absolute JUNK. I returned them with the receipt, NO CASH REFUNDS of any kind. You have to wait for a check! Now this store is right down the street from me,close,handy..but the prices are off the chart! They wanted $144 for a solar cover..purchased elsewhere for $51.99.Chlorine is a decent deal, other chemicals are insanely high. Pool toys and accessories are priced like this is Beverly Hills.You can bet when I need filter supplies, chemicals, toys,accessories,skimmer,vacuum,hoses, parts I will drive right past this place and save a lot of money.Sorry Leslie's...but your NO CASH REFUND policy won't be tolerated and your insane pricing won't be tolerated any longer by us.
3	UPDATE!!!The regional manager stepped right up and instructed the store manager to issue me a CASH refund.The was taken care of today (Monday). I publicly THANK the people involved for correcting what I felt was unfair to me (the customer).They did listen, they made it right.
3	Pool supply expertsLike most people in Vegas that have pools, they do from time to time have a few issues. One being a the yellow Algae that can be hard to get rid of. After doing a bit if research I found only the chemical that Destroys this algae and it's called Yellow Out and only found at this store. After testing my water and referring me to a few chemicals and methods my pool was back to clean and clear. The service is great and the staff are knowledgable.A only Con I can think of is the price, purchasing a few items online can be a hell of a lot cheaper but if you need them now, I guess you have no choice.
4	Enjoy coming to this location for all my pool needs. Alan is extremely helpful with all my questions and concerns
3	Average prices and polite staff. A well equipped store who has had everything i have needed. Had a new pool pump installed by these guys and had excellent service there.
