4	The husband came here on our wedding day to get his hair cut. They took great care of him and used shears so he wouldn't look like ...well like he got a haircut on him wedding day.Everyone here is great and while I sit here and wait for him to get done, everyone walking out looks good too.
4	Friendly staff and feels like "the barber shop" movie with ice cube and the Korean Lady...:) but they all great. Kind of pricy at $18 but quality is good. Beats driving to base for me.  The setting is a little boring and they could use an interior designer just to have some sort of sports theme, but I think that's the only thing they're missing. No ticketing system either, so a little unorthodox.  I'd still come here versus other places.
4	Went recently to barber in the back of the shop.  Received a good cut.  Will be back.  Gary did my hair
5	Came in today on short notice, Mike was able to get me sat quickly which was great. Good people, sports TVs, and a good cut. Definitely will be back.
1	I walked in,  standing there like an idiot waiting to be greeted.   Didn't happen.  There were at least 6 barbers there and no body said anything to me. About 3 minutes later a black lady came in with her son, and this one guy stops what he is doing to greet her and set up a haircut for her son.   So unless you're black,  don't go here    They won't make you feel comfortable.
4	I come here with my son, I call in advance to get in and get out. This is a modern day place, good music and tv. Everyone is very polite. My son 5 yr old doesn't want to go anywhere else's.  I get a straight edge on my head and face and live it. Good location too!
1	Went in here when it was really busy, got a barber that was sitting down in the lounge area waiting for a customer. The whole haircut was just a bad experience. He dropped his scissors and comb at least 5 times on the floor. He cut my ear and neck multiple times. To top it off he did the whole haircut with one hand, and also left a long patch on the back. No idea how he missed that, I probably would've caught it if I wasn't strapped on time. I still tipped him but I'll never come back, prices are pretty high too versus a salon I go to down the street now.
5	This place is awesome!! My son has his barber (Bird) and I have mine Sunnie. I stumbled in here and never looked back. You can call for reservation or just walked. If I go outside my normal hours I call. It's located in a good area near grocery storer and near other places so you can so one stop shopping.
1	Was not greeted at the door. I was charged $18 for  a simple cut 3 on top and 2 on the sides nothing else.. Should've gone to great clips which is in the same plaza, friendlier staff and better prices.
1	Worst experience when the in for a fade the barber cut serval me times in the back an by both ears also they left a patch of hair wouldn't recommend went in the next day to show him how he cut me he did not apologize or offer me anything as a solution
