4	Enjoyed the OMG Burger.  Significant size, topped with bacon, aioli, house made pickles, cheese.  Served with what seemed like a boat load of steak fries.  Good burger. The outside area is nice, fun, vintage picnic classic in a way.  The temperature outside was warm.  It is outside, so be warned if it was noon and 115 outside.
4	Living downtown, there isn't much relief from the heat, so I was excited to hear that the Downtown grand was doing more than a typical hotel pool concept. The area features lots of cabanas, fake grass, table games, picnic benches in the shade, misters everywhere, a nice long bar, a DJ and a raised pool (on the small side). Tack on $5-6 brews, $7-8 cocktails and it makes for a nice place to have a drink with some friends. Not bad!That being said... Warning!When we walked in (Saturday @ 3pm), a security guard asked if we were hotel guests. When we said no, he was going to tell us to leave, but instead let us in when we said we were local and just wanted to see the place and grab a drink. I'm not sure if that means that it's OK to grab a drink here, or that this place will be for hotel guests only. As per their website: "Picnic Restaurant is open for lunch daily from 11am to 5pm.Picnic area and pool facilities are open to hotel guests from 9am to 7pm and is offered as a complimentary hotel amenity.Access to non-hotel guests is available with the purchase of our Picnic Day Pass, which includes the use of the facilities as well as a well cocktail or beer of your choice. Prices are Monday through Thursday $15 and Fri/Sat/Sun $25.00 per person"If this is the case, drop this review down a notch. I can only review on what I experienced, which was free entry to a cool rooftop to have a drink. Let's hope it's always open w/o cover for a cocktail and a burger.
4	Diggin' this pool area. In the heart of downtown with just enough party and just enough relaxation. The drinks are cheap and the scenery is pretty good for an old(er) dude like me, where all the girls are almost attainable. I mean, when you go to all the other super hip pools with all the cool kids, the beer belly just ain't a selling point - it will fly here. Leave your six packs at home.As I mentioned, the drinks are surprisingly affordable for a Vegas pool, but you do need to remember that you are a bit off the beaten path when it comes to LV. There was a DJ playing but it was simply to keep the mood of the pool going rather than it being the main draw of the crowd. They didn't charge us a cover and in all honesty I don't think we were supposed to be there since we weren't hotel guests. The security guards were nice enough to let us take in a couple of quick cocktails and peep the place out since I think it was clear that we weren't going to make a day out of it. Friendly staff and a cheap Vegas drink is a win in my book. See you soon, Picnic.
4	The bartender was friendly, but this place was dead. The decor is very pleasing and I hope it becomes more popular. It looks like they've put a lot of effort into the venue. Maybe more advertising is the key to success here.
5	Was invited to a Concert there (JBoog), very retro looking and reminded me of my neighbors yard when I was growing up - Bar Lines moved fast - lots of security was present - super killer sound system - had a great evening - I'll be back for a cabana day visit -  Cheers DJ was good - never heard of him prior.
5	This place is really cute. Came here for a friends birthday party, and he had rented a cabana. The cabana was huge, and plenty of room for lots of friends. Our cocktail waitress friendly and attentive. I was there on a Saturday, and it wasn't packed at all. I feel like it's a secret gem right now. A little nervous that when word does get out, it won't be as fun. There weren't very many chairs for people, and I believe the couches had to be purchased like the cabanas. Otherwise, the drinks were cheaper than the strip, and since it's on the rooftop there are no obstructions to our sun for tanning :) Will definitely be back!
5	The OMG burger & fish tacos were awesome! Great place to spend a few hours...recommend a cabana!
4	Super cute place and nice for a day by the pool. It's small but there's plenty of places to hang out. They even have couches to lay on. It wasn't very busy when I want but it was a Monday afternoon. They are open from 9-7 now. The prices are good on food and drinks but if you're not staying at Downtown Grand you have to pay $15 to get in which is a little steep to me. There are great views from up there though, it's nice to be up above everything where you get full sun. Overall it was a really nice experience.
4	Had a great time! Payed the local 15$ price to get in, but it comes with one complimentary drink ticket. Also, it seems like depending on who you get at the front you can get in for free.  Ordered fish tacos for lunch nothing to complain about they were very good :) also got some caramel chocolate ice cream with a mini biscotti on top and at only 3$ I wanted to try more flavors! All in all thought it was a surprisingly affordable fun day! The cocktail waitress's service skills were kind of lagging(had to hunt her down to order anything) , and it took her a couple tries to get the check right ,but she was the only one working the whole pool so ill cut her a break.
5	Great little gem in downtown.  The rooftop pool is perfect. As others have said, once the word gets out about this place it won't be unknown for long. The place had a great atmosphere. The wifey and I were there when Zapos did a pool take over. The had a DJ, fashion show, drink specials, Quicksilver was there with a cabana and was giving away free drinks. Pretty darn cool.Also, they had a bottle service that was BOGO. WTH? That never happens at a pool in Vegas. The same went for the buckets of beer. The wifey and I plan on coming to this place as long as possible. The one thing they could do is add a few more umbrellas. Other than that the place is dope.Ask for Guy, he's the pool mgr. He'll hook you up if you need anything.
4	Ok...I really debated giving this place all 5 Stars, but ended up going with just 4 Stars.  With that said let me explain my reasoning.  First of all I definitely plan on coming back again and want and hope I will raise it to 5 Stars if this place doesn't change a bit.I visited on a Saturday late afternoon to get a feel for the place as I knew I would be returning later that night for a special event.  The local cover was waived as I told the hostess I was just going to the bar and wanted to take a quick look around.  I showed her my special event (Bikini's and Beer) ticket and it was obvious I wasn't there early to swim based on my attire, so maybe that had something to do with it, but still.The place wasn't packed, but nicely full with plenty of seating and room left in the chase lounges, chairs and pool area.  The staff was always around attending to everyone, the music was nice but not so loud you couldn't have a normal conversation.  The pool is partial raised and actually deeper than I expected which was a nice surprise.  The loungers were comfortable, nicely spaced and on artificial grass so you could walk around without your footwear and not burn your feet in this crazy summer heat.The bar and food was normal as far as price, selection and quality.  The layout was excellent especially for the area.  The bar front is long and open allowing plenty of people to sit and still give room for others to place orders without squeezing in between everyone sitting.  The seating area around the bar is large and has plenty of seating and tables. As for the event that night...it was great and pretty packed, yet the layout of the whole area allowed for ease of flow and again the seating was excellent and conducive to relaxing and getting to enjoy yourself.  Any place where you can swim in the pool and still be almost front row for the band is pretty cool in my book.The whole vibe of the place was cool, relaxing and not overpriced.  I look forward to heading back again before summer is over.
4	Really cool place with great views.  I stayed here and got a great bottle deal with my room. Only warning for folks during the hot vegas summer months, the artificial turf gets stupid hot. You must wear shoes and not go barefoot or it will burn your feet
