4	If you've seen one you've seen them all. Here is another do it yourself yogurt station. Grand Opening was Yesterday July 21st, spend $10 and get a Free T-shirt while supplies last! They had a ton of toppings to choose from ,some I've not seen done yet like those pink and white sprinkled animal cookies, vanilla wafers and ginger snaps to name a few, Yum!I liked it! I got pistachio and tart strawberry, no toppings. The pistachio was one of the best pistachio yogurts I've had.When I'm in this area Yogurtland will be my go to place.
5	I'm in love with Yogurtland... you don't even know.It seems like I keep going through fads (ice cream to gelato to frozen yogurt), but I hope this one sticks at least a bit longer than the rest.  The place itself is self-help soft-serve yogurt in a bevy of flavors that change out regularly, however, there's always a no-sugar added flavor available.  Personally, I love the NSA Strawberry Banana and the regular Green Tea flavors.  For toppings, they have all kinds of fresh fruit, cookie crumbles, sprinkles and other traditional frozen yogurt "condiments".  The interior design is clean and simple and they have ice-cold water available in the seating area.  I consider Mojo this place's primary competitor since the space and idea are essentially the same, but Yogurtland with it's new location near Old Town and the fact that it's cheaper ($0.30 vs $0.39 per ounce) make it my go-to frozen yogurt place.Go at least once.  Just do it.
4	For me, eating is all about texture and flavors and frozen yogurt is one of my favorite summertime treats for its cool creaminess. mmmm. I stopped in to Yogurtland two weeks ago and at 3 in the afternoon it was packed with children (yuck, minus 1 for you yogurtland). I persevered, making my way to the awkwardly arranged yogurt dispensers. Why are there glass columns in the middle of the shop? It makes getting in and out unnecessarily difficult. Anyway, I sampled a few besides deciding on Taro frozen yogurt. Taro?! YUMMY! Pistachio, coconut and even the "tart" lemon lime one were very good. I'm also a big vanilla fan but I didn't get to try that as 2 idiot children were running around eating their body weight in free samples of chocolate and vanilla, and the machine ran out and for about 15 minutes the employees didn't know what to do about it. So the point is, thank god kids are back in school, you can probably go to Yogurtland with much less to-do AND the yogurt is delicious, has the perfect consistency, creative flavors and lots of toppings for the toppings-inclined. There are no 'small' cups as the payment is by weight but they can't pressure me into overloading my cup, haha! The world's cheapest girl got away from Yogurtland having spent only 2.12 on two orders!
4	I know, I know... I am supposedly on a strict wedding diet... but I did splurge the other night - I couldn't help it, I was craving me some fro yo.  And since I hadn't been to Yogurtland yet, I decided to try it!I was pleasantly surprised... mostly with the flavor selection, the toppings, and the price.  It's worth mentioning that I'm usually not a fan of self-serve because I tend to over do it.  But the machines at Yogurtland seem to be user-friendly - the fro yo comes out just quickly enough where one has total control!  I sampled a vanilla wafer flavor and a coconut flavor before choosing a pomegranate tart and plain tart twist in my cup.  I was bummed that the flavor they were advertising on the wall up front (lemon / lime tart) was out for the evening I was there.  The topping I was most excited about was lychee!  I've never seen that before... I had a few of those (they were almost gone and the ones that were there seemed to have gotten some chocolate sprinkles or something on them), along with mochi and mango.  Great combo!While the kids working there were friendly, they weren't up front when I initially walked in (I reached over and took my own sample cup), and they weren't doing the best job cleaning the topping area either.  But, it appeared that Yogurtland's prices were less than most of their competition.  I walked out of there with a decent sized fro yo for just $2.52.  Such a steal!I noticed on my way out that they had strawberry water available for patrons - not only is that pleasing to look at, but I bet it tastes great too... Not a huge fan of the parking situation due to the strip mall they are located in, but it's not a huge deal.  I am sure I'll be back to visit Yogurtland - hopefully next time they will have the lemon lime tart flavor and more lychee too!
5	This Yogurtland is so so so much better than the one on Rural and the 202, despite its shitty parking, frightening proximity to the soft porn whorehouse American Apparel, and totally disinterested staff. A-MAZ-ING. Maybe it was the tart blueberry that did me in. The product just seemed fresher and of higher quality here.My only beef is minor: tip jars? Really? For doing absolutely nothing? No.
4	I haven't been to many yogurt places in town. Use to love going to TCBY when I was a kid and it seems like the one in town near Via Linda just isn't the same. I've tried the local favorite Ice Tango in Hilton Village as well as Golden Spoon. so far this place rates higher on my list. The best yogurts are those that are creamy, don't taste too artificial and offer good ingredients. I was a bit confused by the way the system works (by the pound,choose whatever yogurt you want concept) but of the 2-3 yogurts I tried I definitely enjoyed it. Accessibility is a bit of a problem and this seems to be their only location. It's right next door to Sprinkles so if your friend or significant other prefers cupcakes they can always go over there.
4	What's walking distance, tasty and cures my sweet tooth? Yogurtland! Yea I said it. They have a great choice of flavors and I love there topping choices as well- and well the price is perfect. You pretty much determine how much you want to spend bc you're charged on the weight of your selection. I had Raspberry tart topped with kiwis and blackberries - I think my mouth just watered explaining it again. YUM!
5	Okay, this just might sum it up... I LOVE YOGURTLAND WITH ALL OF MY HEART! Go get some yogurt, the end. No but seriously, do go. :) All of these yogurt places have been popping up everywhere the past couple years, and when Mojo opened up at the Biltmore I loved it, but it was far away. Then, yogurtland opened up right next to where I live and i discovered it WAS BETTER! Sooo many flavors, and they change a few of them out every once in awhile. They have all the normal yogurt toppings, plus white chocolate sauce, chocolate sauce, and caramel sauce. Hello? Isn't this supposed to be healthy? Haha, it actually is if you take advantage of their freshly cut fruit. I just love it. I took my brother and he is the first person I've seen to grab the biggest cup they have, I asked him why and he said, "It's so good, I can take some home and put it in the freezer for later." My favorite is pistachio yogurt with gummie bears! Record is 5 times in one week... message me if you've beat that.
4	My boyfriend and I love this place!  The variety of flavors and toppings available are great and not to mention the fact you get to serve up your own concoction :)  Also, the place is cheaper and in my opinion better than Mojo Yogurt.  It's the perfect place to go when you need to satisfy your sweet tooth.
5	This is the socially awkward and shy person's dream come true.  Self serve yogurt and toppings with limited interaction with people.  I am one of those shy folks and I love that I can go get some delicious blueberry tart yogurt, add some vanilla wafer yogurt and pay without having to say anything more than 'no I don't want the receipt.'
5	A friend of mine took me here and now I can't stop thinking about it. I went crazy with about 4-5 flavors in one cup the first day, but am finding out my favorites. Very yummy and affordable!
5	Mama like Yogurtland.  I love me some frozen yogurt, and I love it even more when I can control just how much I want, of as many different flavors and toppings.  This place had a TON of different flavors, all of them were delicious...and I would know since I had a sample of seven different kinds.  Some of them were so good that you didn't need to add any toppings.  I loved the seasonal options such as Pumpkin Pie and Gingerbread, it definitely makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside even though you are eating something very cold. The toppings are great, but pretty typical for this type of place.  They had all the regular (chocolate chips, oreos, fruit) and then they also had the not-so typical (cereal, cheesecake, teddy grahams) which made creating my own sundae quite enjoyable.  I went with half peanut butter/half cookies n cream yogurt with chocolate chips and brownies for the toppings and it cost $2.02....yes, you read that correctly.  I was able to get a delicious treat, with all my favorite stuff, at a posh fro-yo place for $2.02.  Totally sold.
5	IM IN HEAVEN! Our FAVORITE place from home is now here in Scottsdale. When we were here last, we could only find two yogurt places that were not self serve. And here we are with not only self serve, but our FAV from Berkeley with most of the same flavors and even some more at 30 cents an ounce. We dragged one of the other guys with us to check it out. There were around 14 flavors (I did not count, but I know it was more than 10). Some of the newest ones from home, pumpkin, gingerbread. The old favorites like chocolate, plain, blueberry tart, peanut butter, rasberry pomegranate, NY cheesecake, etc And now, there is coffee, yummy. It is not tart, but I still loved it. The toppings were much the same as the one at home. They seemed to have a few new ones that I had not seen before. I got my usual 1 gummy worm, 1 animal cookie, sprinkles and mochi. But, I just had to add some fruity pebbles and the cinnamon toast crunch that I had not seen before. There are so many toppings to choose from, but I rarely deviate from the usual. Sometimes the fruit or a unique breakfast cereal just catch my eye. The staff was very nice and there is quite a bit of seating. There is some outdoor seating, some up front indoor seating, and then some seating back deeper into yogurtland beyond the yogurt. This is the perfect late evening place after dinner or just whenever you need a little sweet  for cheap. We are tickled to find this place here and will be back without a doubt!
5	YUM!!! Delish inexpensive YUM!!! My friends and I stopped here for fro yo after a yelp event. I tried coffee, pumpkin, vanilla and plain tart....all my favorites were available - how is one to choose? They were all wonderful! ahhh! If the place were  not 20 minutes away, I would get in the car right now and go for seconds!!! I ended up w/ half pumpkin and half plain covered in granola and strawberries.  YUM!!!! My friend also had a huge cup of goodness - the total cost for both our wonderful creatives was $4.25.....that place is perfect - I will go back every time I am in Scottsdale and it's open.
2	So I'm shocked at how many stars this place has.  Don't get me wrong.  It is GREAT for kids.  They love all the toppings, it's relatively cheap, the place is clean, and they even have strawberries floating around in the self-serve water cooler. As far as taste goes, I can no longer put anything in my cup that doesn't have the word 'tart' after it.  The banana yogurt has the same flavor as that Wacky Taffy crap. . . not banana, but candy flavored fake banana.  The pistachio doesn't taste anything like a pistachio. My three year old will no longer touch it.  Even the chocolate is bad.  Both my husband and I have commented to each other that some of the flavors have a chemical aftertaste.  If you are looking for quality yogurt or ice cream, skip this place.  If you're looking for toppings and a fun time for kids, well, then by all means.  Have at it!
5	Great prices, great selection and a very clean store. Right in the heart of things to do in Scottsdale. Love it.
5	I live 1/2 in Michigan & 1/2 in Scottsdale, that being said the similar style of yogurt place in Mi is 60 cents an ounce! So Price is great here in AZ.I  think the amount of flavors is wonderful, anything from Peppermint(seasonal), Plain tart (my fav), Coffee, Peanut butter & Pistachio to name a few. The best part is Some times I want a chocolate style concoction with peanuts, chocolate, marshmallows etc, And sometimes I want a tart fruity blend, I can have both here I simply get to separate bowls of a little of both. I was there in saturday and my first bowl was $181 and my second bowl was .79 cents . Can you beat that anywhere?Did i mention unlimited toppings ( although you pay for what you pick in the end. If nothing else the ice cold complimentary straw berry water is great. Can beat it . i try to go back as often as possible.
5	I usually don't discriminate when it comes to frozen yogurt. I've had my fair share of yogurtology, yo-yo yogurt, and mojo. So, WHY am I rating Yogurtland so high, you ask? Well, first and most importantly, you're not bending over every time you whip your wallet out. Funny story: I live in Tempe so I frequent the nearby fro-yo places often and am used to paying $6-$7 for my heaping deliciousness- and please believe I don't skimp out on any super yummy-not so healthy-toppings either.So, one night after an exhausting evening of holiday shopping (yes, its exhausting) I stopped by and piled myself an intoxicating oozing mountain of heaven. Grinning, like a child I walked to the counter, the nice guy at the register weighed my nonsense I call perfection-in-a-cup and recited the total: $3.64. I was shocked.I'm like, did you give me a discount? I said slyly.. he responds "yes, equally as sly, but facetiously.. then educated me on how I am getting "ripped off" when I go elsewhere and that they, the lovely world of Yogurtland, are inexpensive, yet equally as delicious. So, I was going to have a 2nd and 3rd point, but the FAIR pricing governs all.. and I will happily frequent my inhabitants at Yogurtland  whenever possible.
5	This is just the spot to visit on a sunny Phoenix day. The creamy frozen treat features a variety of flavors and a buffet of fresh fruit and sweets to top off your cup. And the best part? It rarely passed the $3 mark for a good size cup of deliciousness. Located in a prime Old Town spot, nothing makes a day of shopping or hiking Camelback Mountain better then stopping by Yogurtland on the way home.Try the pumpkin, peppermint, pomegranate strawberry or cookies and cream!
4	Back in the day when the tart frozen yogurt craze started with the wildly popular Pinkberry, who knew that would lead to literally hundreds of knock offs. Yes, even Pinkberry is a knock off of the Korean chain Red Mango, which is probably a knock off of another. But it was Pinkberry's simple healthy approach, stylish interiors and lines out the door which drew much attention to itself and its concept. So it was only a matter of time before someone would copy the success, some almost as good and others well, not so much.Yogurtland is one of those success stories, expanding to nearly 50 locations nationwide in only a few years. While it's not Pinkberry, their claim to fame is to offer more for less. Choose your size of cup then fill it with one of the many varieties of the low calorie, low sugar, non-fat fro-yo. Then pile high the toppings ranging from fresh fruit, breakfast cereal, cookies, syrups and candy, be as stingy are as creative as you like. Once your satisfied with your creation, set it on the scale for your total. Yogurtland charges a mere $.30 an ounce so you can become quite the fro-yo artist with little investment to your imagination.Once it was my turn to approach the self service machines I was immediately overwhelmed by the choices. Finally I got a hold of myself and made a fro-yo base of Vanilla Wafer Cookies and Cream, New York Cheesecake and Plain Tart. Though the best was yet to come, the topping station! Bananas, vanilla wafers, Fruity Pebbles and chewy rainbow mochi, I was set and at $3.60 I felt like I somehow robbed them.Being mostly a purist I immediately tapped the Fruity Pebble and banana adorned Plain Tart. For tart yogurt its bite was subtle, each bite was as delightful as the first. The Vanilla Wafer Cookies and Cream had an artificial vanilla taste which wasnt very good. However eating the New York Cheesecake flavor was creamy and well rounded. The addition of the vanilla wafers was a hit and meshed really well with the smooth cheesecake taste.Yogurtland is pretty hopping most nights, so take a dose of patients and imagine the endless choices that will be bestowed upon you once you reach the front of the line.
5	Don't see anything to complain about here. The yogurt is 30 cents an ounce, including as much toppings as you want. You can have as much or as little as you want, and it will generally be under $3 unless you're pretty hungry. I'm not a huge frozen yogurt guy, but I could learn to like it. Sure beats Cold Stone, where the ice cream is expensive (and fatty). Plus, Cold Stone charges an arm and a leg for toppings.I mixed and matched peppermint with peanut butter, pistachio, and blackberry yogurts. Then on top I had Cap'n Crunch, crushed Oreo's, Resse's pieces, nuts. It was great, self-serve is the way to go.
5	If you waited for years for a soft frozen yogurt shop, it's finally arrived and done so in fashion. Yogurtland offers the standard flavors and then some exotic and seasonal ones and all at $0.30 an ounce. The array of toppings is outstanding and you, yes you, determine your portion size. My personal favorites are the coffee and pistachio though the blueberry tart, boysenberry, chocolate, vanilla and banana all vie for top of the list. The shop itself is bare bones with only a few chairs and the parking can be challenging. But you won't find better yogurt of a frozen dessert anywhere. Gelato doesn't compare and there are few ice cream shoppes that rival Yogurtland. Who cares that the kids weighing your cup aren't slobbering all over you? The interaction is minimal and I'm just happy they're there to take my money and keep the yogurt stocked. Enjoy!
4	I've only recently discovered this huge trend of "fro-yo" having just moved out to Phoenix, and dear god is this place delicious.It's cheaper than some of the other places (*coughs* Mojo) and it has really great and varied toppings, from fruit to nuts and everything in between. Plus, they have a great variety of flavors (I've love the Taro, Pistachio and NY Cheesecake while my partner prefers their Coffee), including some low fat and no fat options.So good prices, good yogurt, and good toppings? Could they have any downfalls? They had a HUGE line, making it almost not worth the wait, especially since they only had once cashier and didn't seem to know how to keep it moving.  Plus, they don't have sample cups out -- you have to ask for them, which is really difficult when the line is epic.Otherwise, loved it, and will definitely be back!
5	I've said it before, and I'll say it again - self-service frozen yogurt is genius! gone are the days of paying for more than I want/need, and then eating the surplus out of guilt/lack of self control (usually the latter). I choose which flavors I want, how much of each flavor and can then load up on as many toppings as will fit in my cup! And the beauty is that you pay by the ounce ($0.30 an ounce I believe). So far, my favorite flavor is the tart. But you've got to love the seasonal flavors and the creativity involved in the naming process. However, if I could change one thing about my beloved Yogurtland (and there's only one thing I would change- with the exception of receiving special designation that would entitle me to free Yogurtland for life), it would be to encourage recycling. They hand out adorably colored plastic spoons with each cup, but there's no where to recycle. Environmental-friendliness is always a plus in my book!
5	I am on a personal mission to try every FroYo, Frogurt, Yogurt Trough, etc. in the valley.This is our latest discovery.  I'll fast forward to the encounter at the register.Cashier:  "Total is $6.87"Cassie:  "Are you sure you didn't leave mine off the scale?"Me:  "Wait, it's Valentine's Day.  This is a sale, isn't it?"Cashier:  "Nope.  We always charge $0.30/ounce."Me and Cassie:  "God d******."We prefer the self-service Frogurt stops, and this one has 12? flavors, making it the top of the chain in that department.  Also, the vast mixins are a real turn-on.  And when a place has high quality, high quantity, and is charging 25% less than competition, what isn't to adore?Yogurtland beats them all.  Nuff said.
5	I went to Yogurtland for the first time today and was very happy for many reasons one being that it is right around the corner from my salon, within walking distance.  I can go for a brisk walk, treat myself and then work it off on the way back.  I know, it is frozen yogurt.  I did get the nonfat kind, 3 different kinds to be exact, with fruit toppings.  It was a healthy treat that kicked my craving for sweets for the rest of the day.  The flavor selection was diverse, unlike some other places, which I found very refreshing.  I had a blend of pistachio, my favorite nut, cheesecake, and boysenberry.  Eclectic mix, just like me.  The best part was the price, $2.17.  What?!  So much more economical than other places I have been.  I really felt like I got way more bang for my meager two bucks.  It will now become a  staple when it comes to treating myself to the better things in life.
5	I can frankly say that the real frozen yogurt craze has had my attention for the past couple of years.  I have frequented Red Mango, Froyo, and a few other establishments in my day, and Yogurtland has become my favorite.$0.30/ounce, a plethora of flavors, and 15+ toppings to choose from.  You can even sample the flavors before grabbing a bowl and making a flavor commitment. How can you go wrong?  It helps that their employees look as if they actually enjoy working there, and I'm always pleasantly surprised by the total at the register.  I'm lactose retarded and the drive, crazy parking, line on Saturday, and uncomfortable aftermath are definitely worth it.  Go put some frozen yogurt love in your stomach.  Trust me, it needs it.
3	If you want your brain to explode... just do a Yelp search for "yogurt" in the Phoenix metro area; holy shit... when did Yogurt get so popular? Have I been living under a rock or something?YogurtlandYogurtliciousYogurt BuilderzYogurtologyYogurtiniMojo YogurtYogurBerryThese are all real places, and I could keep going here and make this review way too long if I wanted to. We've been to a few of these places recently and they're all pretty good... but to be honest if you blind folded me and made me try to distinguish one from the other; there's no way I could do it. The idea behind these Yogurt stores gets a solid four stars... yet yogurt places like Yogurtland are gonna stay at about three and a half because they're all so much like each other. Will one particular yogurt place make a move to stand out from the others? I'm on the edge of my seat to find out. I just hope people don't get tired of Yogurt anytime soon, because if they do we're gonna have a lot of angry unemployed Yogurt-people to answer to. I still love the fact that they charge by weight... and that it's quite a bit healthier than ice cream without sacrificing taste. Yogurtland has quite a few winners in the flavor department... a few of their variations we loved were Peanut butter and Irish Mint Creme. Not bad at all...3.5/5.P.S. Yogurt in AZ = Big time Market Saturation...just sayin.
5	I felt it was necessary to write about Yogurtland once again. I went on a Wednesday afternoon at 3 and was so surprised to see the line was at least 20 people deep. I thought it was going to be a long wait in line but the exact opposite. As a matter of fact it is 3:27 right now and I already enjoyed my tasty treat at the shop and drove back to work! I was pleasantly surprised that there were all new flavors to choose from. I got Dutch Chocolate with Reece's peanut butter cups, Peanut butter with brownie bits and Lemon Lime Tart with strawberries. Every combination was delish and the best part, $1.83! You read that right folks... But one of the main reasons for my update was the feeling of the place today. It had a sense of camaraderie, everyone turning to their neighbor to ask their opinion on certain flavors, taster cups weren't absent just not really being used. I think everyone realized we didn't want to be on the line ride long. The staff was as friendly as ever and everything was very clean. Even with that many people there still was seating. Me being a lone traveler in Yogurtland that day I shared a 4 top with a family of 3. It was a moment that reminded me of small town life where everyone gets to know their neighbor. Very nice.
5	2 words? creamy dream. get your head out of the gutter. i'm on a yogurt kick, and this place is across the street from my office. that's not why i gave it 5 stars though. I gave it 5 stars bc the vanilla yogurt is EXTRA vanilla-y. the blackberries are so plump. I have never seen strawberries so red. and kiwi so firm. when i leave i feel like skipping with my yogurt. only $4 for a cup filled to the top with the freshest fruit and the most vanilla-y vanilla ever?? I understand that tart is the new trend, but my sour face is not attractive. and this is going to sound bananas- but  their yogurt isn't too cold. it's the perfect temperature to taste all of the goodness and not give your tongue freezer burn. I won't lie- i've been replacing my lunch lately with this creamy dream. so worth it. and the fact that it's fat free and mostly fruit takes away some of that guilt.
4	Well...lookee what we got here...more frozen yogurt that you serve yourself and pay for by the ton:)The last time I tried this (at Ice Tango) I was somewhat less than successful...I ended up with 11 lbs. of fro-yo on my hands and about 4 oz's of chemical tasting "yogurt" in my cup (which cost me about $28.00, if memory serves:)I was much more successful and efficient at Yogurtland...and happier:)I was focused...I was resourceful...I was sure handed...but mostly, I was lucky...they had vanilla (the Bentley of flavors) and I was rewarded for trying serve yourself fro-tang again, with clean hands and a reasonably priced cup of yo-fro:)In the whirling vortex of irony and karma that makes up Old Town Scottsdale (or, as I like to call it "home":), Yogurtland is located cheek by jowl (you read that right, I was, in fact, born in a barn) with Sprinkles, home of hilariously priced crapcakes:)Yogurtland has very good, reasonably priced treats (about 30 cents an ounce, with no lead weights in the crease at the bottom of the cup, like Ice Tango had:)...as juxtaposed with it's neighbor...who does not:)The store smells nice and clean, the people behind the counter generally seem nice enough, everything works and the yogurt udders were not supercharged and easy for me to manage...I was able to get just the right amount of tasty vanilla yogurt in my cup to make about $1.50 treat...sweet, frosty and delightful!You know what's a good way to dine out in Old Town?Swing by Fred's for a couple of great marti's, and then wander across the street to Yogurtland for a delightful sweet treat and just call it dinner:)That's how we roll in the 85251:)
5	With the yogurt craze being in full effect, I have tried yogurt at a lot of different places, but it is Yogurt Land that I keep going back to.  It could be partly because this location is the closest yogurt place to my house since Ice Tango closed, or it could be that they are the cheapest in town (only 30 cents an ounce....in Scottsdale), but truly I think it is the yogurt.  They always have a good selection of the tart and fruity vs. the rich and creamy flavors.  I love to get peanut butter and chocolate and load it with peanut butter cups....mmmm.  The red velvet is also yummy, and the Irish Cream they had around St. Patty's day was amazing!  Plus, those pink and green spoons are just too cute!
5	I am in love with Yogurtland fro yo!!  It is super delicious and inexpensive!!  I got the coconut and added shredded coconut and mochi pieces...yummm.   Can't wait to go back.
4	totally amazing. blew my local froyo joint out of the water.the ability to sample any yogurt before you commit to one (or two, or three...) is fantastic. i tried the peanut butter, coconut, and red velvet cupcake batter before i settled on the last two. topped with mochi, dark chocolate chips, and sprinkles - YUM! i died and went to heaven.my only complaint is that the whole place is kind of a clusterf*%k. if it's your first time there, and you walk in, you have no clue what to do. people are standing in the yogurt area, waiting for the person in front of them to attempt to work the machine, or sample 18 different flavors. it's completely unorganized and frustrating, too many people in one space, invading my personal space. i knocked one star off just for the lack of organization and lack of directions for newcomers upon arrival. the strawberry water that is served is a nice touch, though :)
5	I know the YogurtLand staff because I frequent the spot so much.  For only 30 Cents/oz you can fill your YL cup to the brim and decorate your masterpiece with approx 30 different toppings, including Mochi!  By the time I make it to my car, I've devoured the entire dessert and have entertained the idea of going back in for seconds more than once... You might be thinking-- well you're probably a large girl then...nope, because it's frozen yogurt aka NON FAT.  YogurtLand receives a 5 star rating because of the variety, environment and friendly staff... plus the spoons are extra cute.
5	SO cheap! It is like 18 cents an ounce cheaper than MOJO! No doubt the price is awesome. Yogurt is yogurt. They don't carry the only 8 here which stinks but they have a ton of flavors! CHEAP CHEAP!! AND the staff was so nice
4	Why is it they can make frozen yogurt taste like ice cream, but can't make regular yogurt taste more like a milkshake?  Sure, the regular yogurt people concoct all these flavors like key lime pie and apple turnover, but I'm not fooled.  I'm still eatin' yogurt and am left wanting a real piece of pie when I'm done.But the frozen yogurt people, sheer genius.  I actually almost think I'm eating soft serve ice cream.  And I think the TCBY people may have to change their name now.  Are they really the country's best?  I don't know.  The Land of Yogurt is pretty darn good.And at a mere 30 cents an ounce, I could have a 55-gallon drum for only $2112 (did you do the math?), discounting the weight of the drum...and assuming there was a 55-gallon drum available at the counter.  If not now, there will be soon.  This is America after all...or at least it was; and we like big food, big hair, big guns, and if you're in Scottsdale, big busted women carrying even bigger designer handbags with strangely small dogs.Lots of flavors, lots of toppings.  No complaints except the layout of the store.  The parking lot entrance opens right up into some tables and then the yogurt dispensing area.  So you've got people coming, people going, people eating, people dispensing and people waiting to dispense all through the same area.  But other than that, I'm a fan!
4	I went here with a friend after hiking Camelback. I have never been into the idea of frozen yogurt but Yogurtland changed my mind!! It rocks! This place had a variety of interesting flavors all of which tasted refreshing. I enjoyed the raspberry tart and the green tea flavors the most. The extras to add on top were a mix of healthy and not so much. The most amusing topping was fruity pebbles cereal ;) The prices seemed cheaper than other regular ice cream joints. Again this was my 1st frozen yogurt experience but I'll definitely be enjoying the refreshing flavors of Yogurtland again one day soon!!!
5	this place is amazing!  So many flavors to choose from!!!!  I LOVE this place!!!!
5	What's not to love about this place, frozen yogurt and yummy toppings, you can't beat it!  The staff is always nice and friendly and the place is spotless clean.
5	we live just a 4 minute bike ride from this place and now that it's so blazingly warm, are decidedly regulars now. all the flavors are tasty....even vanilla wafer! the worst part about this concept is having to choose at most 3 flavors when i want to eat them all. its so clean and modern and streamlined, even up to the cool spoons they give you. 30 cents/oz of yogurt and toppings...i'm partial to the tart options, then loading it down with fruit, coconut, and the mochi...whatever it is....some kind of tasty marshmallowy bit. my gal prefers the desert flavors with the appropro toppings. either way, you can't not love frozen yogurt from here.
4	Yogurt sold by the ounce?  And it's tasty?  We've got a winner.  I have an active but small sweet tooth.  This is my place.  I no longer have to spend $6 and 6 million calories on a Coldstone offering of which I will only eat half.  Beautiful customization.It must be working because these things have popped up everywhere.  And I thought the Gelato craze was going to last longer.
5	As a visitor from Chicago and only experiencing one froyo joint--I was looking forward to visiting Yogurt Land than any other activity we had planned. This is the reason why I will move to Arizona. Yogurt Land has a very diverse set of yogurt flavors, and an array of toppings.For only $.30/oz. it was so inexpensive for such a large amount of goodness! They only have one bowl, so you determine the pricing. Obviously, the more toppings/fro-yo you put, the more it'll be... but honestly who looks at price when you know you're about to indulge in greatness?Go visit, please !
4	Even though my appetite  was immediately thrilled at seeing the Sprinkles sign I reminded it quickly that we were there for a delicious non fat low sugar yogurt treat.  I quickly was impressed with the cleanliness of there place and the little water stand in the corner.Love it when people go out their way for customer service. At first I saw only tart flavors ..my appetite immediately reminded me that Sprinkles was close by. Fortunately my hearts desire was right there--yup  Peanut Butter !! Yummy. And they had  cheesecake another great flavor to serve with Peanut Butter.   Prices are fair and reasonable ..I thought it seemed to cost less than I am used to paying  but whatever..it tasted smooth , rich , and satisfying.
4	We have gone to this place a few times. Always has great choice of flavors and is clean. I like that it has a water cooler there. One thing is that their wall poster has 3 sizes of cups but there are never any small cups there. Hmmm. It is 30 cents an ounce as opposed to the next place I am reviewing- yogurtology which charges 45 cents an ounce.
4	LOVE this place and cheaper than some of the other yogurt places I've been.  I hope they bring tarot yogurt back...I'm pretty sure I'm the only one who ate it, but sooooo freakin' good!  My boyfriends says my yogurt mixtures are a combination of a 5 year olds creation and a pregnant woman-and I'm definitely not 5 or pregnant :P
4	Great place.  Love the atmosphere, love the staff, and the yogurt is great.  I have tried other yogurt places, and this yogurt has a great smooth texture!
5	Ever since my bf recently discovered frozen yogurt (yeah, he's a little slow to jump on the bandwagon), we've been trying different yogurt places around town. I usually get dragged to a yogurt dessert after eating ridiculously large meals, so thank goodness it's lower in fat! I'm 5'6" and trying to keep up with a 6'2" man's metabolism here. Yogurtland has been our favorite. They have an excellent selection with a wide variety of flavors and toppings. We tried a bunch of flavors and both ended up doing a strawberry/cheesecake mix with strawberries, blueberries, and walnuts on top. We also added a few of their little cheese cake bites. Their yogurt's taste and texture is perfect.  When the cashier rang us up, we thought she had only totalled one of our yogurts by accident.... could it be only $6 for two pretty fully loaded cups of yogurt?? Normally, ONE yogurt runs us $5-6. Not only is it good, it's cheap too?! That gets my stamp of approval.
5	The best yogurt I've ever had.  Try the pineapple tart and you'll think you've died and gone to heaven.
4	I think we might have been a couple of jerks the day we wrote our first Yogurtland review. There's no doubt that there is big time market saturation with yogurt places in AZ, however we still need to give credit where credit is due. Since we first dissed Yogurtland (and all other yogurt places) a few months ago, we have been back there pretty much every other weekend or so, proving that not only are we jerks, but we are also hypocrites. To redeem ourselves, we're going to bump up Yogurtland from an okay three star rating, to a more appropriate rating of four stars. The flavors are always tasty (good old tart is our personal favorite) with new variations every few weeks, the price is right (coming in at 30 cents per ounce) and the service is always good. This location always seems to be packed with yogurt lovers of all shapes and sizes, but the line moves quickly and it's fun to eavesdrop on peoples wacky conversations while you wait. It's so ironic that this place attracts yuppy Scottsdaliens, yet is so cheap...kind of messes with your head when you get the bill and it's something like $2.56. It's so ironic that some of the people getting Yogurt here probably just came from Barney's across the street...so yeah...what a dichotomy. ...long story short...this place currently is winning the Arizona yogurt wars in our humble opinion. It just never gets old bathing in the superficiality of young Scottsdale hipsters while eating some tart yogurt...it's becoming a favorite past time of ours!
5	If you have ever been to one of these do-it-yourself frozen yogurt places then you know exactly what to expect... they are all the same. I have to give a shout out to Yogurtland though as they were probably the most friendly, clean and inviting yogurt places I have been. The spoons they use are biodegradable which is pretty awesome (and in two bright super saweet colors hot pink and neon green), and they have this spectacular water they offer for free that had strawberries floating around in it to give it a little flavor. Great idea! So good!I'm totally, butt crazy, in love with......Yogurtland! ---- haha that one was for you G. ;-)
5	imagine coldstone as a frozen yogurtboomjust blew your mindyeah thats what YL will doso unfuckingbelievablydelicious!i just want to kneel underneath a spout/spigget/nozzle? and let the red velvet cascade all over my face ($$shot!)i wouldnt even dream of going anywhere else for FroYo
3	If you're from the Bay Area of California or NYC, you're familiar with Red Mango -- a slightly better competitor in the frozen yogurt arena.  However, it is cheaper than most that we know (e.g. Pinkberry, Red Mango) but the topping selections are fewer and flavor options so-so.  Don't get me wrong, this is a great "break" on a very hot day which Scottsdale is quite familiar with!
4	SO. Good. And dangerously close to my house.Yogurtland has some awesome flavors, is always spotlessly clean (they even use those little mini vacuums to clean up the toppings off the counter) and has great service. All of the staff is always super nice to me, especially when I'm embarrassed that it's my second visit in one day.....The only thing I would change is that they switch up the toppings every once in a while. Maybe some seasonal additions? Regargless, I'm always scraping my cup clean with my little pink spoon.
2	This is definitely not as good as Yogurtology, I'm afraid.  After an afternoon of shopping, I convinced the Husband to let us pop into Yogurtland to satisfy my sweet-tooth.  I was pretty put-off by the globs and drips of yogurt on every single dispenser.  It was a sloppy, goopy mess.  I really wanted to sample a couple of flavors - the chocolate coconut looked particularly yummy.  Unfortunately, there was absolutely no one present to help... and since the taster cups were no where to be seen, I just gave up and served myself a coconut and mango mix - always a safe combo.  When we walked up to the toppings, I couldn't believe what a mess it was - it looked like they had just been ransacked by a preschool class (and yet, there wasn't actually a child in sight).  To top it off, even the scale was smeared with someone else's yogurt.  ick.When we finally got to eat our yogurt, it was just fine and tasty.  The mango was more creamy than Yogurtology's (but I actually prefer the less-creamy, more yogurt-y version).  The yogurt did not make up for the less-than-stellar first impression.  No need to return, when I have an immaculately clean, well-staffed yogurt shop so close to my house.
5	I'm originally from the midwest and for some reason we don't have places like this there.  Yogurtland was heaven for me.  I love making my own ice cream and love lots and lots of "stuff" in my ice cream.  I hated going to Coldstone and other places where they controlled how much was in my ice cream.Since I've lived here for awhile now I've experienced other places similar to this and sorry but Mojo's and Cherry on Top ain't got nothing on Yogurtland.  Mojo's sucks and is expensive.  Yogurtland is inexpensive and their frozen yogurt flavors are amazing!  And added bonus when I don't feel like being a fat child I can make a really yummy healthy treat from the low-fat/low-sugar yogurts and fruit.  LOVES IT
4	Stopped in this past Sunday for a delish cup of original tart, fresh fruit and  to my delight yogurt chips.  Ya know not all yogurtlands carry yogurt chips and I like me some yogurt chips.This a great location in Scottsdale with it's closeness to the mall and old town Scottsdale.I need a cup right now...gotta go.
5	I love Yogurtland!!  That being said, I like this one better than the one that's closer to my house.  They are both always clean and friendly, but this one has the peanut butter topping that is to die for!!!
5	love this place...it was a little quieter than the summertime obviously but I didn't mind  :)
5	Even at 7 cents an ounce more than what I'm used to paying at my neighborhood Yogurtland, this particular location in Scottsdale made me so happy.Believe it or not, one of the reasons I chose to stay at the Firesky Resort for my mini-vacation was due to its proximity to Yogurtland - Only 0.3 miles!Anyway, I had a lot of not-so-great food experiences in Scottsdale but Yogurtland made it all better.  This location has surprisingly fresh toppings.  I hate it when raspberries are mashed up, cheesecake pieces are stuck together, and yogurt chips are mixed with white chocolate chips.  Not the case here. This location is immaculate and very organized.If Yogurtland were a man, I'd marry him.
5	Yogurtland IS THE BEST frozen yogurt I've ever had!  Cool ambiance and good customer service!
3	Meh... I am surprised to read all the reviews about the clean store everyone else wrote about. In my experience, the toppings area looked like it had all merged to become one big nest. There were also speckles and swipes of fro-yo in all places imaginable... floor, counters, scale... And, I wanted to try a couple flavors, but there was no one around to help. Also, the checkout lady was soooooo dreary! With her monotone listlessness, she made me feel as depressed as Sylvia Plath! (just kidding, but she couldn't have been more doldrums if she tried)I usually go to Yogurtology at Town & Country mall (on Camelback just east of the 51). That place is always amazing... Pristine clean, neat, organized, always a peppy guy by the machines with little sampler cups, a guy who had one too many Red Bulls and is nearly throwing at least one sample of every single flavor at every single person who walks in the door, with a funny, witty little quip and a great personality and WAY too damn much energy. But it's nice.THAT is what I had in mind when I discovered THIS place. I was excited. It was so much nearer to my house... great location (stupid layout though, prone to human traffic jams).I really, really want to like Yogurtland, but I just can't talk myself into it. The fro-yo was good (aside from the fact that I had trouble getting toppings without being too grossed out since it was a mess), but that was about it. All in all, they're lucky I felt generous today and gave them 3 stars, because I really had to talk myself out of giving them only 2.-Jessica
3	Pretty good yogurt and toppings.  Always clean and staff is pleasant.
4	The chocoholic in me was on vacation and I was paying my friend Yogurtland a visit. I am a fan of the tart flavors so I decided to go that route and then I spotted the Macai flavor. Apparently it's an antioxidant out of the jungles of Chile? Who knew...but for me it was the combination of blackberry, raspberry and pomegranate that won my heart. I don't know what it is, but there is something addicting about the tart flavors so now I want to go back and get this flavor again before it goes away!
5	I love yogurtland, at any location. I like this one due to its location to the Old Town scene. If we wanted froyo after our dinner, we could just go here. I love their seasonal flavors and their toppings.
5	I've been visiting quite a few frozen yogurt places in the past few months, and so far, this is the best.Not only are their flavors delish, the texture of their yogurt is creamy and wonderful. The toppings rock, as well. It's next to Sprinkles Cupcakes, and in my not-so-humble opinion, it's a better bet than the cupcakes next door. I visited the Yogurtland in Waikiki this week and it was absolutely delish with local flavors that I bet we won't get here in Scottsdale (boo) but this is by far the best I've tasted in my area.
5	By far my favorite Fro-Yo place. I love that they have more selection, especially my fave, pistachio, YUM.  Will drive 40 miles round trip for it. They are really friendly and generous with their samples, they actually hand you the sample cups. The place is very clean, the toppings bar is always well stocked and the heath bar pieces are the right size (I like them really small), so I can sprinkle it over yogurt.  Then top it all with ooey gooey caramel, HEAVEN! On top of all the goodness they are about 12 cents cheaper per ounce.  Can't beat that.  I am always finding an excuse to drive down and make a pit stop.
5	This review may need to be taken with a grain of salt, as I adore all self-serve frozen yogurt places, and fro-yo in general!  However, this place offers wonderful, extravagent flavors as well as all my favorite toppings.  I would highly reccomend their yogurt to anyone.  My stamp of approval, 100%.
5	Actually went next door first to Sprinkles the cupcake place and decided to get fro yo instead. Best decision! The staff greeted us as we walked in and explained the way it worked. We got sample cups to try flavors first. It is all self serve and the flavors are all really good! Then toppings to add to it. Really good fresh fruit including kiwi, mango, blueberries and strawberries. Then the traditional candy toppings and syrups. I agree with the other reviews that the hardest part of being there is deciding what you want! Also, free water was a nice thing to have in the lobby. Loved it!
4	I've been to this Yogurtland many, many times. You'd think that I own the joint.I was mayor on that other check-in site for a while before another Yelper (who shall remain nameless) stole the mayorship from me. But I don't really mind.Let me just just jump into the thick of it (get it? Froyo? Thick? No? Shut up!)1. Ask for sample cups--they don't skimp. They let you pour your own samples.2. Bring back blood orange. That's holding you back from 5 stars.3. The toppings bar is almost always clean. I like that.4. The seasonal flavors like Macai, are awesome.5. Is there any way you could get a shake machine?6. The teenaged staff are actually happy to have their jobs and aren't miserable and suicidal like at some other FroYo shops. #6 is an important one. Usually when I go to Yogurtland, it's after an epic dinner either in-house or at a restaurant. The dessert is the ending to a perfect evening. The last thing we need is to be greeted by someone who hates their life. So.....to the staff at Yogurtland....nice work.
5	Hands down...I NEED Yogurtland once a week!!!!!  Noone can argue the increasing popularity and uproar of "do-it-yourself" yogurt businesses.  You can find on almost any corner or in any strip mall.....However, I am never as pleased as with Yogurtland's choices.   My fave flavor is the plain tart.  Noone has plain tart like Yogurtland's!  And when it comes to toppings they have yogurt chips...cereals...exotic fruits like lychee and mango (my fave) and even recently I noticed syrup toppings like marshmallow cream or butterscotch.  Not to mention their featured yogurt flavors like red velvet cupcake!!!  Sooooo good!  And I love how they post the nutritional information on the yogurt titles.  I find it useful when deciding how healthy I want to be...which...its hard to go wrong with yogurt in my opinion.  Definitely if you haven't checked this place out...GOOOO!!!   And don't forget Sprinkles cupcakes is right next door!
4	Yum! By far my fave yogurt in AZ!I dig the super healthy, fat-free and sugar free options that you can't always find at some of the other dispense your own fro yo places. I also like that they have flavors I've never heard of ie: Macai- which I think is a berry found in Chile that has like super-dooper antioxidant benefits, like more than acai. Toppings are fresh and there are oodles of fruit options. My only hang up is that it's really hard to get around in there. If you want to sample flavors you have to sort of bob and weave in and out of folks who are dispensing with little room to groove. I'm sure there is an etiquette I'm missing, but like a kid in a candy store, I just plunge in there and get going. Know Before You Go: It's always busy. Every time I've been there. Always.
4	I don't get my fro yo fix until June in chilly Chicago so I jumped at a visit to Yogurtland during my recent visit to Phoenix.  This is when of those pay by the ounce places. After sampling about 5 different types of yogurt I decided on 1/2 peanut butter and 1/2 devils food.  Since they claim to be low-fat it seemed like a healthy option until I loaded it with reeses and all sort of other candy that made it extra delish. Can never go wrong with peanut butter flavored anything- especially when you load on the extra reeses!My colleagues and I weren't the only ones with fro yo on our minds because Yogurtland was quite busy. And with tasty flavors, an impressive selection of toppings and affordable pricing I can sure see why!
4	Oh Yogurtland.....why can't I resist your calling?I had to run an errand and saw this location next to a Fedex Office...perfect!  I dropped in and ordered:Double Cookies & Cream, Strawberry, and Cheesecake...topped with Peanuts, Captain Crunch, and Reese's Peanut Butter Cup for around $4.90.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=VcouxvxQ0Sl310XRxn9HOghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Co4cQNWyAYv7Hw8jKcEKJg?select=8xzd9ms7YvNaEAvn1irgsQIt was of course awesome!  The line was very short too....even though the weather was in the mid-90's....boy did I luck out!Return Factor - 100%
5	Definitely one of my favorite dessert places ever! I love the variety of flavors (red velvet cake batter, coffee, nilla wafer) and toppings (captain crunch, strawberries, mochi, and caramel sauce). This place is always busy. Nice staff and a few small areas to sit outside and enjoy.
5	Fresh fruit, delicious yogurt and cookie dough. That's right, COOKIE DOUGH! All of this and it won't do too much damage to the ol' waistline. Well, besides the pound of cookie dough I fit into my cup.If you haven't been to Yogurtland, you must go right now. What are you reading this review for and go NOW! There are at least ten different flavors and about 50 topping choices. The best part is the price, which ends up being by the ounce (34 cents last time I went), so it's a decent price for a healthy lunch or a trashy dessert. I ate here for lunch three days in a row and I usually can't go a lunch without some sort of meat product. That should tell you something. It's delicious, self-serve and customizable. Go there now!
5	The best (and, I think, cheapest) fro-yo around. Luckily it's about a two-minute drive from my parents' house! A must whenever I am visiting.
4	I am what some may consider a fro-yo connoisseur. This is one of my new favorites. The toppings are pretty standard but they have tasty and unique flavors. New favorites are Nilla Wafer, Kona Coffee Blend, and Key Lime Bars. YUMMM! It's never too crowded and is always clean and toppings are always well stocked. Yogurtland is definitely worth a try the next time you're looking for a cool treat!
5	If there is one place that I liked when I visited Phoenix, its Yogurtland. Amazing flavors, great mix ins and cant beat the price.
5	So many flavors. So many toppings. Pay by the ounce. Really cute spoons. When we've come to Scottsdale, we come here at least once a day. I can't get enough. And, whatever that strawberry/raspberry infused water they have is the bomb!
3	No taro flavor, but 4 kinds of vanilla...wtf?  It's like I'm in Arizona or something...
4	So I normally go to Kokomo since it is right next door to me. However I visited this location since I was up there. At first glance, I thought how different can it be. And in honesty, there isn't much difference between Yogurtland and Kokomo. Except, I think Yougurtland has a bigger selection of yogurt and maybe a bit more toppings. So why 4/5? I think some of their twist combos are a bit whacky.But here is the kicker... Yougurtland has these uber cool spoons. I love them. I'd come back just to collect the spoons.
5	I always get a bit embarrassed at check out when my cup weighs 115 ounces and costs several dollars more than my stronger willed health conscious friends'.... but the public humiliation is well worth the deliciousness that follows. I love you Yogurtland.
5	Yay!! Finally a yogurt place that has a kids cup and they let you use one if you're not a kid. Love the flavors. Love the toppings. The only negative is that they put new product on top of old product when the container is low. Not cool.
5	who doesn't love fro-yo!?! I just wish it wasn't next to sprinkles because it's always such a tough choice as to which one to get!big fan of this yogurtland...even when it's really busy, the fro yo and topping area is always really clean and fully stocked! the staff has always been friendly too.yelp check in offer right now! 3 oz free so pile on the toppings! :)
4	It is very good. Great flavors of yogurt that change daily. The toppings are amazing!! The brownies are probably the best brownies I have ever tasted. The only down side is that it is pretty pricey!!Like for two people expect to pay around $10
5	So happy that they have a Yogurt Land here.Coming from LA - where yogurt land was on the corner of my block - I was so excited to find them here too!They are hands down the best self serve frozen yogurt around.I tasted the PB&J, it was soooo real tasting!Recommended to all froyo lovers to head here asap.Gluten free flavors are clearly listed!
5	The flavors at Yogurtland are hands down the best when it comes to Fro-Yo. They are spot on not kinda like but spot on. The tart flavors are that perfect balance of sweet with just the right about of tart and the more complex flavors such as chocolate or pistachio aren't to shabby either, They have a good assortment of toppings and so far are the cheapest per ounce (about .37 cents) than any other Yogurt Arizona location I have visited. It also doesn't hurt that they are right next door to Sprinkles Cupcakes.
4	Reviewing a yogurt place is not easy since there are a ton of them popping up everywhere. The difference between yogurtland and other yogurt spots is in its consistency and innovative flavors. Yogurtland serves the most consistent frozen yogurts while offering a vast array of toppings, innovative flavors, new flavors every so often, and reasonably priced. This is yogurtlands competitive advantage, this is what differentiates them from the rest.
5	The best, period!All you need to know is pistachio with any other flavor..Personal preference - pistachio and root beer float / sweet mint covered in white chocolate chips - absolutely fantastic!!
5	I love this place.every time I come in, this place always crawling with people wanting to try for the first time. so its fun to watch while you eat your yogurt.I love the pistachio mixed with coconut. but since I went here often, I have tried all of their flavor. I don't like their chocolate flavor. the taste kinda weird for me.
4	Thanks to 2-4-1 coupons handed out by my employer, I went here for the first time a few weeks back.  I was expecting this place similar to ColdStone.  You tell them what you want, and they make it for you.  Not YogurtLand.  Self-control is the name of the game here cause you make your tasty treat yourself!My coworker and I walk in and are handed sample cups.  Big mistake for a pregnant woman.  I wanted to try every flavor!  I resisted though.  ;)  LOL  My taste buds are leaning lately more towards savory/sour than sweet, so I ended up getting a small amount of Blackberry Lemon Mint with a spoonful total of toppings.  My cup hardly weighed anything!  Total spent - $4 for the 2 of us.  Thanks to my employer for obtaining the 2-4-1 coupon and thanks Yogurtland for the tasty yogurt!!  :D
5	Yogurtland is my favorite frozen yogurt place. They always have great yogurt choices and they have the best toppings! I love coming here for a nice treat. Their bowls are big and you can take whatever you don't eat home. I usually scarf mine but that's because I love yogurt!!The only negative is the parking can be limited depending on the time of day you go. Other than that, it's a nice place with great yogurt. I even like their water with the strawberries, which is complimentary. Expect to pay around $5-$10 for yogurt, depending on how much you put in your bowl. Not really cheap but definitely delicious!
5	My favorite frozen yogurt in Scottsdale. Plenty of flavors to choose from, so the challenge is to choose which one of the several you want to get, not which one do I really want (unless you are into mixing it up!). Good, fresh toppings and cool, biodegradable spoons. I just hope my Hello Kitty spoons (limited time only, and that time has passed) don't degrade. Sure, the interior is a ripoff of pinkberry, but what matters, the yogurt, is good stuff.
5	Best.Yogurt.Ever.Visiting from out of town, no place will every compare to yogurtland! Normally the fat free + sugar free flavors taste icey and blah..but not at yogurland. Every single flavor (and there were A LOT) tasted creamy and delicious. Too good to be true. My one and only minor complaint is that they don't have yogurt covered pretzels as toppings. That's always my one splurge. But, I got over it. The yogurt flavors and all the abundance of toppings made up for it. I want to go back. Now. :-)
5	I stopped in two times, both times had fresh fruit toppings. Great service. The yogurt was creamy, not grainy like other places I've been. I really like this location right off of Scottsdale Road, easy access from the parking in the rear. Great place to stop for a treat after shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square.
5	Good yogurt! Very clean establishment and fair prices. The quality of the product is good. The flavor is great. Three of us ate there for just about $11 which isn't bad.
5	This is the best frozen yogurt I have ever had. In fact, I never really liked frozen yogurt until I came here. They seem to have twice as many flavors as other yogurt places. My favorites and strawberry, cheesecake, french vanilla, and madagascar vanilla. All mixed together, with cheesecake bites and strawberries. Sooooooo good. It's also pretty clean here, and it smells so good. I want a yogurt land scented candle.
4	It is a chain and it does have a good number of favors. Not as good as  the San Diego joints. The seating was limited and the fixin's needed maintenance. But when you can just gourge on fro-yo, who can complain?
5	Oh man! Great froyo flavors and toppings...what more can I say :D yum!
5	I WISH I LIVED IN SCOTTSDALE. I stopped by Yogurtland because I went to Spring Training, and I wish I could have stayed forever. The quality of the frozen yogurt is impeccable. So many flavors! I mixed Raspberry Cheesecake with Vanilla Bean, also tried the PB&J flavor (um, YES!?), Tangerine Tango, and my usual go-to, Tart. Very extensive toppings bar. Good price as well, I just love froyo. Next time I'm in Scottsdale, this will be one of the first places I go to!
3	Yogurtology is better.I'll be short and sweet - the reasons this place got a 3. They never have the flavor peanut butter. They stock 2-3 vanilla flavors consistently.Every yogurt place should have hot fudge - not the fake chocolate syrup.
5	We decided to check this place out while in Phoenix because so many reviews of my favorite yogurt spot in Tucson had mentioned how much they loved Yogurtland and wished it were in Tucson.I completely see why. The frozen yogurt itself was the best I've had at any frozen yogurt spot. It was super creamy and delicious. I had the dulce de leche, coconut and pecan and pralines, all amazing.The topping bar was nice, not the largest variety I've ever seen but also not the smallest. Plus while I generally say the yogurt is just a vehicle for fun toppings, here the yogurt can stand on it's own.
5	One of the best frozen yogurt places! They always have a good selection of frozen yogurt and the flavors don't taste artificial like some of the places. Favorite flavors are the Snowflake Mint, Yo Frappe, Pistachio, Mango Mixer, Dutch Chocolate, Kona Coffee Blend, Milk Chocolate Hazelnut, Pumpkin Pie, Taro, & Vanilla Wafer. They also have a great selection of toppings!!!!
5	Yummy yum yum! Guilty pleasure satisfied! Fresh ingredients and a clean environment. It's yogurt so it's healthy right? ;)
4	Cheap, yummy and a fun way to do dessert. One day I will break my bad habits and actually get fruit on my yogurt. Until then, cookie dough, Oreos and chocolate syrup will remain my true and loyal friends.
4	I'm not a huge fan of frozen yogurt, but this place is close to where I live and has a great environment. The pricing is extremely affordable especially for the quality. As for the yogurt, I usually go for the coconut. The fruit toppings are all very fresh especially in comparison to other yogurt shops in this area. The workers are always pretty friendly and have smiles on their faces. It's colorful inside and they've got water coolers with strawberries floating around inside!
4	the soy frozen yogurt is what i come here for...covered with tangy olalliberry puree and drizzled with sweet honey...delicious.their natural frozen yogurt is not tart - but is milky, fresh, pure, and lightly sweet. you can't find frozen yogurt like this anywhere else. chocolate frozen yogurt is very rich, smooth, and slightly bitter. so good. cookiesthey are extremely buttery and soft in the middle, with a surprising amount of hidden melted chocolate, and have just the right amount of baked-ness and crisp around the outside edges. I TRULY RESPECT THAT!
4	Good selection of non-fat flavors and good selection of toppings.
5	Always happy here great yogurt and amazing toppings brownies are amazing.  The price is kinda high or I would be here more often.
5	This place has the best frozen yogurt EVER.  No where else can even come close.  The establisment is extremely tidy all of the time.  They have great customer service...  what else could you possibly ask for??  :)
5	one of my favorite places.
5	Self-service yogurt for all the little yogurt-lovin' piggy's!  With about 20 different flavors to choose from, grab a cup (a big one) and fill'er up!If you are a regular yogurt goer and spread your yogurt love all over town (and the nation for that matter, as do I), you've seen and tasted all the regular flavors: tart, vanilla, strawberry, mango, etc) -- but some of the really unique ones served are: PB&J, lemon/blackberry/mint, toasted coconut - yay!A nice, ample amount of toppings to choose from, candy and syrups - get it weighed and at a fair price (11 oz for $4.50 ish) - 3 oz free with a Yelp check-in knocked off about $1.25+ ish.Another positive is that it's kept very clean.  They don't skimp on staffing, so that helps when someone spills.  Hey Mom, I didn't do it.They have a few tables outside in the front, and a couple in the back for when there are nice days and nights, and about 6 tables on the inside.  Not sure how it gets better than this, unless of course, a free massage is included.
4	Yogurtland is one of the better yogurt shops in the valley.A few indicators of a good yogurt place:-Always packed-A variety of flavors that swtich out frequently-A family friendly environment ... and Yogurtland meets all of these standards. The only con for Yogurtland is that sometimes the machines are a little dirty, becasue the staff is usually in the back room or behind the counter, other than that it is great. I like how they let you do your own samples, becuase some other local yogurt stores don't let you do that. Also, I like that they have two sizes of cups available 16 ounces, and 20 ounces. What i LOVE about Yogurtland is their tart and their sprinkles (but they call them "Jimmies"). Their tart is the best that I've had at any yogurt store in the valley. It is refreshing, and sweet, (while tart at the same time?), and doens't give your mouth that dry feeling that some other tarts do. Also, their sprinkles are to die for. I don't know where they buy their sprinkles or what they do to them, but they are the perfect consistency- and for those of you that are less familiar with sprinkles- some come crunchy and the others come soft- and Yogurtlands are the softest of soft! Definitely a win for me!
5	Ahh, heaven! Cinnamon graham yogurt with peppermint chips! If this chain was in MPLS I would be in trouble...
5	You can't go wrong with froyo.  Yogurtland has the best selection of flavors in town.  They have a least 16 or more flavors that you can choose from.   Also the other cool thing is that they have a couple sugar free flavors, Greek flavors and coffee flavors. My favorite flavors are:  Hazelnut Latte, Raspberry Banana Greek, Red Velvet Cupcake, Oatmeal Cookie, Dulce De Licious and Chocolate Milkshake.  It is well worth the drive to come to Yogurtland.  I just wish that they would open a shop closer to downtown or mid-town.    Thanks Yogurtland for being the best Frozen Yogurt shop in town.  :)
5	Ah CEO Phillip Chang is quite the geniusHe is the man who engineered this great contraption of funneling people in n out (which by the way is next to it) through its green doors filled with microbial energyAnd yea all Yogurtlands seem equally awesome and when I use the frequent 4oz free coupons I get the yogurts for practically nothing?My Hunting Record for this location$1.44$0.26$0.73$.1.29BUT PHIL I WANT MORE YOGURTI WANNA SEE YOGURTLAND BE THE NEXT STARBUCKS BABY
5	Yogurtland........ Is........The......Best.... Hands down. Look up "Fro-yo" in a dictionary and a storefront of Yogurtland is the main picture.There are so many imitators out there, and some taste pretty good...Many however, do not.... blech. Yogurtland however, is as consistent in quality as any food service place I can possibly remember. The flavors are fresh, they keep everything up to date and change with the season their flavors. My personal fave will always be Pistachio, it is just that good. With the widest variety of non-fat and low-sugar yogurts, it truly is a healthy option to go for. It actually gives you no reason to get ice cream, when a MUCH MUCH healthier option is sitting and staring at your gut.Everything is tasty as can be and the location is also kept clean, which is why I chose to write on this one specifically. LONG LIVE YOGURTLAND!
4	I visited this Yogurtland location during Yogurt appreciation day.  It was quite crowded, but the line went exceptionally fast to get my free small ounce cup of Yogurt.  I like this location out of all the ones I have been to because there seems to be the latest and greatest flavors.  In addition, the staff is extremely friendly.  A lot of the time when you go to Yogurtlands, you get an unsanitary feeling because of people sampling different items.  You get to sample your own items here, but the space of the overall location is small, so there is a little bit more of a natural control for the users.
5	I love love love Yogurtland! The whole concept of serve yourself yogurt just appeals to me....maybe it's the sampling!! I love being able to try as many different flavors as you want, and just get them yourself. After all, if you have to ask for the samples, how many do we try...one? Maybe two? Exactly. They always have really good flavors, especially the "desserts" like NY cheesecake or red velvet cake. MmmmmmmFill up your cup, sprinkle on a few toppings, weigh, pay and instant happiness! They always seem to keep the place clean too, and have fresh berry-infused water to serve yourself.
5	Love that the flavors change frequently!  Great way to beat the heat!
5	Heard about Yogurtland from fellow Yelper Niki, thanks my dear!!  The place was very clean.  It had a great variety of flavors to choose from and plenty of great topings.  If you want to go good and simple the Yogurt Tart is very good, I added pineapple, strawberry to mine!!
5	Love this place!  They always having changing favors and the staff is super friendly.  Tonight Maddi helped us out.  She went over and above to make sure we had a nice experience and seemed very happy!  (Offered us samples when we walked in, refilled our water glasses and collected our trash!  A+ customer service! )
3	Yogurtland is your typical charge-by-weight, self-serve yogurt place.  You see the usual flavors here along with some rotating, seasonal flavors.  Also, toppings are similar to the ones you see at other yogurt places - fruit, mochi, cereal, cookie bits, crushed candy bar chunks, etc.  This place is good if you are in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get the yogurt here, as some of my friends seem to like to do.  Your neighborhood froyo place will get the job done just as well.
5	My friend and I love to do lunch at Yogurtland. The froyo selection is great and so flavorful! I really like that their yogurts don't have a chemically aftertaste. The topping selection is outstanding too.
5	For fro-yo, this is about as good as it gets. There are lots of flavors to choose from, the variety of toppings is amazing, and I love that they offer brownies and cookies to line the bottom of your cup before adding ice cream and toppings. I also think the price is fair for what you get.
5	I love fro yo and this place is really close to my apartment and to work. It's usually pretty crowded except for one time I went at lunch during the week and it was empty. They are pretty cheap compared to Yogurtology and some of the other places and they also give you sample cups you can get on your own. Coconut and Taro are my faves.
5	I love that Yogurtland added whipped cream to the selection of toppings and that they have maraschino cherries with stems that I can tie into knots with my tongue.
5	Yogurtland is by far my favorite yogurt shop of all the recent boom in this market. I find their consistent flavors are just that.. consistent. If the seasonal stuff comes in and doesn't tickle my fancy, the regulars are still there and delicious.However, lets talk seasons. They have the best rotating flavor base around. I especially love their beginning of summer rotation... 12 weeks of decadence. They FINALLY have a phone app to acquire points and add up to free yogurt. (A punch card system has been missing for a long time). Next the staff... This particular location is great about hiring young high school staff with supa personalities! Its in the heart of Scottsdale, so a breath of fresh air to have fun, exciting personalities to interact with. Yes, they are just giving you a sample cup and a total... but that's all the more reason to have fun with it. Cleanliness: A Plus! When families with kids come in and wreck a table, they are on it! A big part of 'pour your own' yogurt is cleanliness. They are awesome at wiping down the machine so as not to  have gross reminants left hanging and I supa appreciate that.
3	Should've known better for a Scottsdale location: no taro or green tea but they had vanillas, chocolates, carrot cake, and cheesecake, etc. Condensed milk was also hidden in the back and had to be asked for.  Yes, missing Taro was that important to me. I'm for expanding your flavors but please keep your asian roots! Apparently Looney Tunes has replaced Hello Kitty....ha! At least the price is still pretty cheap for some yogurt and toppings.
5	Go here about once a week.  They always have super flavors... although I'm stuck on the vanilla with a couple  toppings. :)   Staff is always very friendly and helpful.  Super clean store.
1	Grainy and softShould serve with a straw
3	Good do it yourself yogurt. Good flavors and toppings. Biodegradable spoons are a nice touch and shows care for the environment.
5	Kinda like Red Mango but in Scottsdale Arizona were I was sent for work one weekend. The yogurt flavor choices were really good and the toppings were plentiful. Nothing special to report other than the yogurt combination I created was well needed at the time I bought it and it tasted really good.
2	The only thing this place has going for them are the toppings. The yogurt is gross. I threw mine out! I am usually not a yogurt snob but this place doesn't even come close to my favorite.
5	Oops wrong one- we like the one in tempe
4	I love Yogurtland. I ignore all other yogurt joints and pretty much only go here (or the one in Tempe). Taro is theeee best flavor ever! It's just too bad this location doesn't serve red bean as an add in, the Tempe location used to but not anymore either! I know they do in California. I guess it's too weird out here in Arizona. Oh well, I still love Yogurtland and their rewards card.
5	This is so thoroughly the Platonic ideal of froyo that you will leave convinced that there is a Socratic dialogue called De Froites ("On Froyo") in which Socrates disputes with a bevvy of sloe-eyed, honey-skinned young men about whether flavors such as bananas foster and black-sesame are best reserved for philosopher-kings, lest the masses be lured into decadence.The pistachio froyo is straight up amazing: the perfect blend of sweet-tart, with the flavor of real pistachios. If you fondly remember Jell-O pistachio pudding from your childhood but have become appalled at how sweet and processed it now tastes to you as an adult, have the pistachio froyo. It is the distilled memory of pistachio dessert.The topping bar is fine -- every place has roughly the same these days -- but the important thing is that this froyo has live cultures, so you can blame your digestive health needs for indulgence here.Having seemingly sampled every other froyo purveyor in the neighborhood, I can now settle down to concentrate on Yogurtland's plethora of seasonal and unique flavors.
5	I love this place!
5	I prefer Yogurtland over pretty much any of the other frozen yogurt places in the area. They seem to be constantly changing the flavors, but always have the basic types. I like to mix flavors, but always get vanilla where ever I go, and they have the best vanilla bean.
5	I personally think all of the popular Fro-Yo places are pretty similar (i.e. Yogurtini, Pinkberry, etc.).But, strolling in here yesterday afternoon after gorging on a big brunch surely brough a smile to my face!Love the tile work/decor of this store, as well as the full length wall offering self-serve yogurt. Some flavors more exotic than others (pistacio). I went w/my go-to flavor of Dbl Chocolate. Toppings looked fresh and bountiful. I didn't want to get too crazy w/gummy worms, Captain Crunch, etc, so I simply selected granola oats and Oreo. Soooo good and decadent!As w/other places, you pay by the ounce (or pounds! LOL). Fair enough, right?I know their outside space is limited, but little disappointed that they only offer 2 outside patio tables.
5	Absolutely the best frozen yogurt in the valley. I have been to every single froyo joint in town and Yogurtland is by far my favorite! I would recommend it to all!
5	YAY!! My Happy Place! Besides drinking at Bottled Blonde ;)
5	The workers there are super sweet and pleasant. The yogurt is always fresh and they change their flavors constantly.  I really like this place.
3	It was good, wasn't great.. Just average and no good gooey toppings like warm Chocolate or marshmallow cream
5	family fav... always clean, fresh and lots of choices... yogurts as well as toppings, love lots of fresh fruit on mine.. and they never disappoint...one of my top 5 choices for frozen yogurt!
5	I like that they change up the flavors and let you serve yourself. They have a good quality selection and it's the best prices for quality.
5	Great place, good service and always clean, even though busy with people. Kids love the place and I love taking them to it. keep up the good work.
4	Good froyo but this place does not offer some toppings that I'm used to like waffle cone pieces; otherwise, I like everything about this place!
4	Always clean, bright enough to hurt your retinas and well stocked. This location is always busy and it seems as though the throngs of customers cant follow the designated flow of the Yogurtland path to happiness and a cluster always ensues.Great selection of ever changing flavors (I'm partial to the tart) and more than ample choices for toppings. Complimentary tasting cups are available as is refreshing, fruit infused water.Wish there was additional seating, better parking and a dimmer for the lighting.
5	The air conditioner at my place broke today so obviously something cold and delicious was in order. This particular Yogurtland was incredibly slow considering the temperature outside. I was pleased to see that my flavor of choice (chocolate/vanilla) came out of the machine thick and creamy as opposed to the disappointing consistency  at other frozen yogurt locations. The toppings area was neat and tidy with a wonderfully friendly girl working the scale. I feel as though far too often at places like these the staff has a permanent scowl so it was refreshing to see an employee with customer service skills on point. During my visit I also saw another employee coming onto the floor and tidying up further than it already was. It was nice to see such a clean location with a great staff.
5	This is by far my favorite place to get a frozen yogurt treat! The staff is always so friendly and helpful! And what continues to impress me each time I come in is how clean this place is! With the self serve concept I feel like other yogurt places don't keep up with the mess as well. But this place is consistent at keeping things extremely clean! They always have new and exciting flavors, but they do a great job of always keeping the classics! Best yogurt in the valley with out a doubt!!!
5	Been here a gazillion times! (True confessions!) But honestly, I should have written a review sooner. Clean, staff is always friendly and helpful, lots of variety in yogurts and toppings! Also, I have been to this Yogurtland a number of times shortly before closing. Even when they've 1/2 cleaned things already, they have NEVER made me feel like it mattered if they were going to have to do it again. Their flavors really taste the way you expect them too as well. Definitely recommend. AND they are open till 11pm!Keep up the good work!
5	My favorite Yogurt place in Scottsdale! Nothing more needs to be said except that it's amazing!
