5	Jackie was one of the most professional photographers I've ever worked with. She sees both sides of the process. The modeling aspect (because she models as well) and also the photographer side, so combined it makes for amazing ideas and creations!! The most fun I've had on a shoot!! Ever!
5	Jackie is an amazing photographer. She made the entire process of "boudoir photos" a piece of cake. Jackie his full of so many ideas for great poses and backgrounds. She made me feel super comfortable with myself and the fact I was taking pictures in pretty much next to nothing. When the pictures were done, I couldn't stop gushing about how awesome they turned out. If you are thinking about doing some sexy pics for that special someone, contact Jackie. If you need any type of photos, contact Jackie. She has a true talent.
5	I did not know Jackie prior to the shoot. She was recommended to me. I consider myself to be an average person with no self esteem issues or anything, yet incredibly non-photogenic. I have no idea why but I have never in my life liked a photo of me. I wanted to do boudoir photos of all things. She made me feel incredibly comfortable and made the process very fun. She had the disk ready lighting fat. I was shocked at how great all of the photos came out. I feel like it was impossible for her to have snapped a bad picture of me. She got all the right angles and I'm just in love with every one of the pictures...I can't believe I actually look great in pictures. Very happy!
5	I have never had a photo shoot of myself before. So I was a little nervous. The moment I met Jackie I felt completly at ease. Like she was an old friend. I didnt think I could potray sexy but somehow she found it. It was effortless. I had so much fun! And as I was driving home from the shoot I was already planning my next one! I highly reccomend her! She is incredible!
5	Jackie was great! My husband doesn't like photo shoots, but she made both of us feel really comfortable. She had tons of ideas and the pictures turned out beautiful! She's also extremely fast at editing and getting you your photos. We waited several months for our wedding photos, and Jackie had our maternity pictures edited in less than a week! Definitely a bang for your buck!
5	I initially heard about Jackie through a coworker of mine. My coworker spoke highly of finished pictures her friend had taken and provided me the website of where I could see Jackie's work (http://www.jackiekinneyphotography.com)  From seeing her work I immediately emailed her through the website to inquire about packaging pricing for a boudoir shoot as I recently lost a lot of weight and wanted to celebrate and document how far I'd come. Jackie was very prompt with responding to my inquiry. It didn't take her long at all to respond to my emails and answer my questions. Her prices will not break your piggy bank, she is reasonable and prices are within normal standards. Within the next couple days I was submitting my deposit and confirming my slot for a photo session date/time.  This was my first boudoir shoot and Jackie was very responsive to any concerns and questions I had leading up to the shoot. She always came across as warm, knowledgable and flexible. I'm probably at the top of her list as being her most neediest client but Jackie always maintained a very positive and understandable attitude and demeanor. I would contact Jackie throughout the day whenever a question or idea would pop in my head and she always responded and put my mind at ease. Prior to the shoot Jackie contacted me to confirm the appointment and location information. The shoot itself was a wonderful experience! I was greeted by Jackie's professional makeup artist. Kat was waiting on me, prepared, set up and ready to go. Me being a woman of color I had reservations about the application of the makeup but Kat blew my concerns out the water! Kat inquired about my thoughts and wants on the makeup look I desired and was very receptive, she also offered ideas on makeup looks of which I gave her full reign on. She urged me to step out of my comfort zone with Red Lips but also stood by to change the look as needed before leaving the shoot.  The finished makeup look was beautiful and she did a fantastic job! The Hotel Room location was chic, modern and tasteful. I was a bit nervous but all that melted away by Jackie's calm professional demeanor. I followed all of her direction since I am truly an amateur when it comes to posing. Jackie was very patient with me, she didn't rush me and truly cared about me getting great shots. As the shoot progressed, she listened to my crazy ideas on poses and no matter how funny she was willing to let me try them out.  She was open and receptive to my amateur ideas.  There was not a moment I felt awkward and we shared many laughs throughout the shoot. Jackie truly went above and beyond for my shoot. A special someone in my life plays the piano and I was determined to get a couple shots by one. Jackie was amenable to an alternate location and even though we ran into a funny faux pas she totally maintained her cool, didn't blow a gasket and we ended up laughing about it. Jackie was truly a pleasure to work with. I plan to use her for any future photo shoots or special occasions I highly recommend her to any and everyone. I also plan to use Kat the makeup artist in the near future. I can not say enough about how amazing and fun Jackie is to work with. The entire session was way more than I expected or could have asked for and I'm thankful my first experience was with Jackie and her makeup artist Kat. I felt like I was a VIP celebrity client. I can't wait to see the finished edited pictures and photo book I ordered. The photo shoot was just a few days ago but I have full confidence that they will come out amazing! Jackie Kinney Photography has a loyal client for life! An update on the finished product to come =) xx
5	I had been thinking about doing a boudoir shoot for years but never committed... until I found Jackie. She was super quick to answer all my questions, which ensured I didn't have time to chicken out. And I am SO glad I finally did it! Jackie was awesome. I was nervous, but from the moment I met her, she made me feel totally at ease. And the results were amazing! The poses, the angles, the lighting... everything was perfect! After the shoot, she was so fast getting them edited and getting my book done in time for my husband's birthday. I would highly recommend Jackie to anyone looking for a boudoir shoot or any photo shoot!
5	So the shoot is over and I received my finished book from the shoot. It came out better than expected. Jackie picked out a very nice pearl paper and was more than I expected. Makes me want to have a shoot every 6 months lol. Love Jackie and would recommend her to everyone! Thanx I loved the experience! xx
5	She was amazing!!!! She made me feel so comfortable which was very important to me. I was nervous to do the boudoir photos but she made me feel at ease. The photos came out wonderful and the book she sent me was beautiful! I can't wait to schedule my next session with her, now that I have done it, I cannot wait to do it again! I am thinking this may be a yearly gift to myself; and I will definitely be going back to her for them.....so empowering!!!
5	Jackie's work is truly amazing! And even better, she was extremely accommodating to my limited schedule for times to do the shoot. After the shoot, I needed the prints quickly for a gift for someone, and she had them edited and posted online for me to review THAT same night. I was so impressed. They were all beautiful and tasteful. Also, her hair styling was gorgeous, and her makeup artist was fabulous and FAST! The whole shoot went so smoothly and truly exceeded my expectations. And to finish my great experience off, Jackie drove to meet me to drop off the CD and album with the prints in the middle of the day so I could be sure to have them to give the gift in time. I highly recommend her to all of my friends and anyone considering using her. She is a great value, very professional, and does amazing work!
5	I cannot praise Jackie and her work enough!! I have been wanting to do a boudoir shoot for quite awhile. I recently scheduled a shoot as an anniversary present for my husband, and I couldn't have been more nervous. I am a very shy person and knew I would feel very uncomfortable. However, as soon as we started shooting my nerves went away. Jackie makes you feel so comfortable and guides you through it all.  I felt like I was with a friend that I knew forever. She is so creative and really has en eye for the best angles, and best shots.  I could not believe the final result, the pictures came out amazing! I honestly could not believe it was me, I looked flawless and could not stop looking at the pictures! The pictures were edited very quick as well.I have already told so many of my friends about Jackie, and cannot wait to use her again in the future for further shoots!
5	Jackie did an absolutely Amazing job on my maternity photos! I had never had photos done before  and she gladly helped me with where to put my hands, what poses to do, which outfits looked better,  etc. I am so excited about how they turned out and can't wait to go back for some newborn photos!
5	She is awesome! I researched numerous photographers before choosing Jackie. I did my homework and definitely made the right choice. She made me feel comfortable right away and made the shoot a lot of fun. Her creativity for poses and backgrounds was impressive. The pictures turned out better than I could have imagined. I will for sure do another shoot with Jackie. Do yourself a favor and book her.
5	I had been planning on doing a boudoir shoot for my boyfriend's birthday on a bit of a time crunch. After an awful experience elsewhere, I was recommended to Jackie. I had even less time than before so I was pretty stressed. Jackie got back to me within a few hours of contacting her and was so helpful from the beginning. She helped me look around for a hotel room to shoot in, & pick the best one. She got me on her schedule within a week.  The shoot went great! These things can be kind of awkward, but Jackie was incredibly kind & helpful the entire time. She is really professional & obviously knows exactly what she is doing. She had a ton of ideas for shots & helped me figure out what I wanted for each picture (clothing, area, poses, etc).Jackie knew I was in a rush to get the book done & edited my pictures perfectly SUPER fast, within just a few days! The CD the pictures came on was cute & the pictures were amazing!I would absolutely recommend Jackie to anyone wanting to do a boudoir shoot, or any other kind of shoot as well. After an awful experience with a different photographer, Jackie was FANTASTIC & made the experience great! Jackie is incredibly talented at shooting, styling, editing, & more. Thank you so much Jackie!!!!
5	If you are thinking of getting boudoir photos done, you can't go wrong with Jackie Kinney. Her level of professionalism is second to none. From the second I contacted Jackie she was personable and made me feel like an old friend. On the day of the shoot, my nerves and anxiety were escalated, but once the shoot began she made me feel at ease and comfortable! She made everything so easy, from booking the shoot to scheduling my hair and makeup appointments. Once I received my pictures I couldn't have been more pleased. She not only made me feel amazing but look amazing too! I also used Jackie for my family photo shoot. She again amazed me with her patience's with my children. Even through temper tantrums and potty breaks she maintained a level of professionalism and understanding. She is an AMAZING photographer.
