1	One of our first restaurant visits when we moved here.  We have since learned to avoid any restaurant a local recommends.  Menu was full of bland comfort food.  Wife had chicken and dumplings that tasted like they came out of a can  My steak was tough and flavorless.  Restaurant has been in the same location for about 100 years and it shows, it's badly in need of a remodel.  Entire place smelled like vomit and was dirty.  I could smell the bathrooms ten feet away and when I had to visit they were even worse, layer over layer of dirt.  Where's the health inspector.  Service was extremely poor, especially considering we were the only people in the place.  I guess the highschooler that was serving us was too busy talking on her cell phone to help us.
2	Used to be a classic. However, it's come under new ownership and everything has suffered across the board. Average service, below average food and terrible atmosphere.Needs a shot in the arm because it'd be a shame to see a classic Wisconsin supper club disappear.
2	I wanted to like it, I really did. The Stamm House is walking distance from home, so I figured we HAD to try it... First off, let me say that the atmosphere is typical old(emphasis on the old)-school Wisconsin restaurant. Wood paneling, dated tables and chairs, and GOD AWFUL seventies music piped in. When we walked in(at six on a Saturday night) there was one couple at the bar, and another couple dining upstairs near us. The waiter seated us--close to the kitchen, I realized with disappointment. If I want to hear dishes clanging and the hustle and bustle, I'd be cooking at home. Dining out is for pretending that there's no work involved. It also didn't help that because it was so slow in the restaurant, I could hear every comment the waiter said to the cook-staff, some of which wasn't patron-friendly. The BF ordered the fried walleye,and I the beef tips Moutarde. His french onion soup was decent, but my salad was lacking. When the meal arrived, I was so excited because I was STARVED. I picked up a piece of beef with my fork and bit down into tender, juicy...FAT. Fatty fatty fatness. Ewww. I did the not-so-sexy-spit-it-onto-the-side-plate maneuver. All right. Every now and then you get a fatty piece of meat in a dish. A girl can move on. MY next bite was better, and although the sauce was decent, it was nothing fabulous. I was disappointed when my next piece was also quite fatty. You know when you get that cheap meat that is mostly sinew and fat. *Sigh* I'm done. I pushed the dish off to the side and settled for my potato. To give credit, the waiter noticed I wasn't eating the dish, and asked me if something was wrong. I told him, and he offered to get me something else, which I declined(by the time it was made, Chris would have been done with his dish). Later, he also offered a free dessert, which we really didn't want. He ended up knocking almost half off my dish, which was appropriate, I think. Over all, it just wasn't enjoyable. I could have gotten over picking a bad dish if the experience itself was nice, but it wasn't. Average at best. The waiter was decent and tried to be accommodating, but on the whole, it was just sub-par. I left wishing that I had picked another spot to spend my hard earned date-night budget! I realize that a place like this isn't going to be gourmet, but I've had MUCH better casual dining experiences...for less money!
2	2-stars may be a bit generous if we're just measuring food quality.  Quick-n-dirty review: Stamm House features a lot of character, history, and good service.  Unfortunately, that's about all it has to offer, unless you enjoy food that is extremely greasy, and of mediocre quality.Detailed review: Our fish fry crew decided to give Stamm House a try after we'd read good things about it on a fairly well known fish fry review website.  Normally, those guys (the reviewers) are pretty spot on, but they've completely missed the mark when it comes to the Stamm House.  Not even close to being a top-10 place, no way, no how.We sauntered in to the Stamm House at around 5:45 on Friday night and were shocked to find the place darned-near empty.  The bartender greeted us immediately - very friendly guy - we ordered a couple of New Glarus Nakeds and a Spotted Cow.  After downing the first round, we went to order a refill, and whoops - Naked went empty, and there wasn't any more left.  Drat.After downing a second round of beers (Cows all around this time), it dawned on us that we probably needed to inquire about a table.  So, we wandered upstairs where a friendly lady told us she'd have an opening at around 6:45 or 7:00.  Odd, the place was empty... but, we took it and went back downstairs.We ordered some cheese curds and the onion rings.  The bartender warned us ahead of time that the curds were "standard-from-the-bag" curds, but said the rings were hand-battered and delicious.  They arrived quickly, and once again, the bartender was spot-on with his description.The curds were Sysco curds and were not cooked well at all.  I don't think the fryer was hot enough, because these curds were drenched in grease - so much so that we couldn't eat them.  Disgusting.  And the ranch dipping sauce was like water... you know what they say about oil and water... The rings were decent, but again - the grease was ridiculous.  It really made for a bad first impression.  So, we ordered some Whiskey Old Fashioned Sours to help cut through the grease film that was sitting so heavily on our palettes.  Our table was ready by 7:00-ish, and much to our surprise, when we went upstairs this time, the place was packed.  Where those people came from, and how they got up there without us noticing remains a mystery... our waitress stopped promptly, checked our drinks, and took our order - fried perch all the way around with hash browns on the side.Dinner salads came first and were nice; fairly fresh, fairly tasty, and just the right size.  Fish came out slightly later - served family style - along with our hash browns.  First bite of the fish?  UGH - it tasted awful.  Extremely fishy flavor (and I love fish).  Think "stinky NJ ocean shore line flavor" - not delicate, flavorful, flaky, and enjoyable.  No sir, this was the nightmarishly bad fish that we all remember from our grade school days - you know, the stuff that was about 2-3 days away from being used as feed for the sea lions at the zoo  So, we doused it with lemon and gave it another go - and once again, the fish was so overpoweringly fishy that we reached for the (gasp!) ketchup.  That helped a bit, but it still wasn't an enjoyable fish fry.  The fish was cooked well - not too greasy, and it was breaded rather than battered.  If only it weren't so obscenely fishy...   Hash browns were tasty - fried nicely (crisp and tasty).  Service was fantastic - our waitress was fun, helpful, and did a great job of checking in with us.  Total bill for three with a round or two of drinks was $45-ish.Stamm House = FAILFood: 1 star (grease, grease everywhere; horrible fish fry)Service: 4.5 stars Value: 3 starsSummary: waaaaay too greasy + waaaaaay too fishy fish = fail.
4	Let me start right out by saying that this review has nothing to do with  food!!!  (Unless you count the onion rings appetizer which tasted like most deep-fried onion ring appetizers.)Some of you know me now as someone who LOVES tradition and history and preservation and stuff-like-that.  So we came here for the tradition (great old supper club from the 40's), the history (an1847 stagecoach inn, later a stop on the Underground Railway, and a Speakeasy circa Prohibition) and the preservation (it's hard to keep a 150-year old lady going in style).So we came to DRINK and PLAY, in other words, on a busy Friday night, in spite of, or because of, the fish fry.  We grabbed some stools but found ourselves giving up our seats to some lovely ladies who were waiting to be seated for the fish fry.  (Like I said, we weren't here for the food, but I gotta wonder why the fish fry was JAM PACKED CONSTANTLY.)After bugging the extremely convivial bartender about the history of the place, and begging to see the "wine cellar"/slave-holding-tank in the basement, he tossed his apron at someone and announced an impromptu "tour".  WOW!It was cool to say the least, imagining the terrified slaves packed into the "secret" cellar, with its curved brick walls.  So we took turns squeezing in and out, then returned to the bar and proceeded to enjoy tons of conversation with the locals.  So, I'm a fan!
3	Overall it was a nice supper club.  You have the bar area then you go upstairs to eat.  Drinks were good.The fish was good.  I would have liked to see a baked option on the fish fry.  The family style all you can eat was good.  French fries were good too (all you can eat).Not the best fish I have ever had, but above average.  The place was quite so you could talk without yelling which was nice.
1	FYI - this place is closed.  It is for sale.
