3	I stopped in this place yesterday on a rainy Saturday afternoon with Matt and Rob.  I always forget about this place, which is a shame because it's worth a visit especially to find a decent bar with good plasmas' and always a seat at the bar.  It's located across from Starbucks on E. Carson St.  It's a converted bank that has tall ceilings, private room downstairs and plenty of seating and a marble bar on the main floor.  The vault still exists in this converted bank, however now it's a handicapped restroom.  The regular restrooms are in the basement, which is a bit inconvenient.  The restrooms only had the hot air machines and no papertowels.  I don't know anyone who prefers this option.  I started with the chili.  THe bartender, Brian said he made it himself.  It was very good with lots of flavor, fresh seasonings, big chunks of beef and well cooked kidney beans.  My only complaint is that it was served only luke warm.  I also ordered the steak quesadilla.  It was a healthy portion of only mildly flavorful steak umm type meat and plenty of cheese.  It was a little below average, but it's not like I'm at an authentic tex mex place.  Rob ordered the "Fried Bologna" sandwich, which I give kudos to this place for just having such an item on the menu.  I tried it and was pretty impressed.  It was my first fried bologna sandwich.  They served it with a fried egg and a few juicy slices of tomatoes.  Matt ordered the chicken fingers and fries.  The chicken fingers were what you'd expect, but the fries were well above average I'd guess cut fresh daily and double fried.  My favorite aspect of my time spent here yesterday was one of the better top shelf long island iced teas I've had in this city.  Brian is a true pro and made a strong and delicious cocktail.  The prices are fair here and if you are looking for an alternative to the 45 min. typical wait that you'll have at Fatheads you could do a lot worse than this place.
3	Only three stars for the "#1 Sports Bar in Pittsburgh"?  Geez, how bad are the rest of them?  I actually had a rather lovely time at this bar on a Friday afternoon, where the only patrons were myself, a childhood friend (who randomly accosted me inside the bar), and his coworkers.  This place is kind of obscenely huge, and I can't imagine how they manage to serve everyone in there drinks from one bar when it gets packed, but I guess that's not my problem.  I initially wandered in for some lunch, and saw that there was nothing even remotely healthy/low-fat on the menu, so I decided to forgo the portobello sandwich and succumb to one of those lovely "salads" that I only find in Pittsburgh, that are covered with meat, cheese, and french fries.  More fat than vegetable, but whatever. I accompanied this with a Jameson cocktail because, well, why not?  Two more of those bad boys (OMG, I just referred to a drink as a "bad boy", please shoot me) and I was feeling kind of hammered.  Maybe because there are at least 2 shots in each cocktail.  Annnnnyway, I jetted right before the after work crowd started heating up.  Lots of um......er......healthy looking ladies in there.Oh, wait!  They have Lambic on tap!  How cool is that!  That's cool!  I am not nearly drunk enough!  I'm going to go drink until I find my reviews entertaining again!
2	Went here with the wife after not wanting to wait for a table at Fatheads.  We had no real clue where we were gonna end since this was our first visit to ketchup city.  We just walked up Carson St and came upon this joint.  The Penguins game was on and seemed that most everyone in there was there to watch the Pens.  Too bad they lost to the machine that is Boston this year.  I was quietly enjoying watching the ass-kicking since I'm a Caps fan.  But I kept my glee to myself not wanting to start any trouble.  One cool thing this place did was offer a drink special every time the Pens scored a goal.  Unfortunately, they only scored one goal while we were there (i.e. 2nd period on).  We didn't partake in the shooter special since we both haven't been the age where shooters were a viable drink option in a long while.  We added to our already existing buzz from our earlier bar patronage over in the strip area by downing some Yeunglings.  We also ate some food.  I had a burger and the wife a fish sandwich.  The burger was decent and the wife's sandwich was huge....you could of made three sandwiches from the piece of fried cod/haddock they gave her.  Jesus, it was a HUGE piece of fried fish.  We took nearly 2/3 of it back to the hotel with us.  This place seemed like a typical young urban professional's type of place.  It was somewhat aesthetic being an historic landmark and all but the upstairs (where we ended up b/c the downstairs was packed) was nothing special.  I actually felt like I was in some buddy's poorly built rec room minus the bathroom.  The TV and sound system up there was nice though.  They also had a large projection screen on the bottom level that had a decent picture.We only stayed for 2 periods of hockey.  Enough to drink a few beers and eat some grub.  We weren't feeling the place all that much.  It wasn't our style.  It was definitely a place for younger folks looking to get some bar grub and grab a buzz.  There wasn't in much of atmosphere or style to the people in the joint. or to the joint itself.  Just your average bar.   It would be a decent place to go out with your buddies or girlfriends if that's the kind of thing you're into.  You could probably find some drunk bootie in the place late at night....again, if that's the kind of thing you're into.
3	I went in with a friend, it was the first business I entered, ever, in Pittsburgh.  An hour or two later, a friend of hers came in and wondered aloud what we were doing there, that the place sucked.Well, coming from NY it didn't suck at all.  I first snickered at what I thought were a long row of frat boys sitting at the bar in striped polos and sneakers and cargo shorts; I like them a lot better after realizing they were 40-something latino dudes.  But they looked just like frat boys from the back!  So tricky.Our waitress was very cute and attentive, I remember remarking how I thought she was the best waitron I'd had in a while.My Yeunglings were like two bucks, and my friend's Blue Moons were $4 and change, which I learned later is somewhat expensive in Pittsburgh.  No mind.I got wings, they were good.  They had tvs with a bunch of games.  I like sports bars, and this place was alright.
4	By far, this is the BEST bar to watch a Steeler game. They have the funnest drink specials to get you into the game. For example, for the first Steeler touchdown, the price of a domestic draft is the number of the player who scored (so if Hines Ward gets the first touch down, it's 86 cents). The second is a $1.50 cherry bomb or some other shooter, and all the other touchdowns have associated specials, too. It's really fun. They have similar specials during the Pens games, also, although I've never been there for a Pens game.Carson City Saloon is probably my favorite bar on the South Side. The atmosphere is really fun and the food is good, too. During the week they have half-priced appetizers during happy hour. The nachos are HUGE and delish, and the potato skins are my favorite. As for burgers, the red, white, and bleu burger is what I always go for--doesn't get any better.The waitresses and bar tenders are always attentive and help you out with whatever you need. The brothers who own the place are there all the time, and they always make sure you're taken care of. You can definitely tell that they care about their customers, which is a BIG plus.I would come here a lot more often, but they charge a $5.00 cover on the weekends (the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars). With so many other bars to choose from on the South Side, I would rather not pay a cover. But, during the week and earlier-on during the weekend, it's a fun place to be.
3	Went here with friends to grab a few drinks.  The it was early and not that packed but grew as the night went on.  Pretty soon it was packed but service was good even with crowd and the prices were reasonable and they have a pretty good draft list.  A good place to get your drink on with a crowd of rowdy friends.
4	The best place in the city to watch the Pens game, hands down.  It's a large bar, with 2 floors in the main bar, and a beer pong room in the basement.  The whole thing used to be a bank and so you get a really interesting feel.  The crowd is rowdy and loud...this isn't a place for a first date.  But who am I kidding, you're coming here for the game.  The drink specials for Penguins and Steelers games are awesome....first score, domestic drafts are the number of CENTS as the player's number.  If Sidney Crosby scores, you pay 87 cents for a beer.  Pretty nice.  It progresses to 1.50 bombs, and so forth.  It really adds a whole new level of fun to the games!Food here is decent bar food, nothing to write home about.  It's a nice compliment to the beer, but you won't find too many healthy options for sure.  Service is really good, especially considering the size of the place.  It has consistently impressed me 6+ times, so I feel confident that it is always good.   Prices are average for South Side, so 2.50-4.00 beers and most entrees below 12 bucks.Overall, come here to watch the game at a bar where everyone is having a blast and enjoying the game with you.  Or stick around and party...it's a pretty rocking place!
3	Another day, another happy hour! Let's be honest, I like cheap drinks.  Really, who doesn't?  I ordered a delish Raspberry Hoegaarden which came in a HUGE and very heavy goblet.  I really kept thinking of what excuses I would make when I accidentally dropped it.  Which, if you know me, it wouldn't surprise you.  Thankfully it didn't come to that and I decided it was my new pimp cup! We also ordered some Buffalo Chicken Dip. If anyone knows anyone who's been to a house party, you know that's a big prerequisite.  This dip left a lot to be desired.  We kept trying to figure out what the weird taste was.  My friend was convinced it was spaghetti sauce.  That is like the ultimate sin to Buffalo dip! It was then that it became clear to me why this is still a smoking bar... Food sucks, so this is why it's still a smoking bar.  This brings me to that one super duper big negative in my book.   I wish they'd just make all bars in the burgh nonsmoking.  I hate coming home smelling like I personally smoked a pack..  Just thinking of it grosses me out! When my check came and it was in still in the single dollar range I was a very happy girl!  The service was good and the atmosphere is actually pretty cool.  It used to be a bank so it looks tiny from the front but it's actually a lot bigger once you're inside.  On the South Side you've really got to work hard to make your spot a destination in the plethora of other bars.  I say, so so....
3	Usually crowded,So get the balcony.Puke on someone's head.(b)
3	Hit or miss. The service is ok, but the food can be pretty bad.
3	Fun place to watch the Steelers with a group of friends.Over 20 beers on tap and specials during the game. Beer prices are reasonable, especially the special.  Able to hear the game and also talk with you friends.  Yes it was crowded, but we got there early to get a couple of tables on the balcony.  Sampled many of the apps, fried pickles, chicken fingers with buffalo dip and others.   The apps were OK...bar food.It is a smoking establishment, that is not fun but few smokers but why don't the waitresses empty the ashtrays!!!!!!!!  Actually the service was pretty good for a crowded game day.  But empty the ashtrays when the smokers leave!!!!!
5	Top sports bar in Pittsburgh. #1 bar on South Side since 2006!
5	This remains my absolute favorite bar in South Side. Whether I'm heading out for lunch, or a few drinks, I'm always happy here! The burgers are just delicious. The salads are nice and large. The prices are very reasonable. The waitstaff is amazing!They turned an old bank into a bar. No matter how many times I come here, I can't help but be amused to see the vault doors in the back of the dining area.
2	Carson City Saloon is just ohhhh-kaaaay.Admittedly, I've only ever ordered lunch to go from here and while the service is usually friendly, the sandwiches and wraps I've had have always been rather bland. My most recent experience was a take-out order for the Veggie Wrap, which consisted of a somewhat soggy mixture of grilled vegetables (red peppers, eggplant, mushrooms - all ingredients I normally love), tomato, lettuce, provolone, and dressing. It seemed that the ratio of dressing to everything else was disproportionate (in favor of the dressing), hence why everything was a bit... soggy. Oddly enough, with so much dressing you'd think there would be a wealth of flavor, but still SOMEHOW, some way, it was still uber bland.While I'm not really a sports-bar-kind-of-gal, "The Saloon" seems like it might be better at night for big groups, yelling, and lots of ESPN action - preferably under the influence of a few rounds.
3	i don't really have anything special to say about this place other than the atmosphere and the dinner i got.upon arriving, we were seating and took pretty long to get served compared to how few people were there at the time. but i can say the service at the bar was a lot better than the service at the table. the prices were about average and there wasn't much exciting going on the entire night. however, here's where the place stood out to me:the building itself is really cool, looks super fancy from outside, and inside it has high ceilings and a classy atmosphere. and the dinner i got was fantastic. i had the "hangover wrap" with steak, jalepenos AND jalepeno poppers, banana peppers, cheese, and some kind of sauce. it was delicious, as were the fries that came with it.also, they seem to have some pretty good deals sometimes. i had actually come to work a promotion where customers were asked to donate $10 for free miller light drafts from 6-8.
3	Bar review, no food. Carson City Saloon is a decent-sized bar with plenty of seating and TVs. Enjoyed a glass of Double Chocolate Stout while watching the Home Run Derby, chatting with a baseball fan on my left and attempting to ignore the two annoying 20-something-year-old girls, whining about "boys" to my right. Overall okay spot to have a drink and watch sports.
5	Best place in the Southside to watch a Steelers game. Hands down. Great specials, great bar food (try the Titan Toothpicks), great service, great crowd. You'll get celebratory hugs and high-fives from everyone around you for every great play and I wouldn't have it any other way. Go for the game, come back for the experience.
3	This is oddly enough an appetizer review! We went here last night for the Biggies Bullies fundraiser, and it was our first time at Carson City. It was crowded downstairs, and kind of overwhelming between the people everywhere and the noise. We went up to the rooftop and it was so much more quiet, and there were TVs, tables and a bar up there so it was perfect. Since we donated to the fundraiser we got $3 off all appetizers, and thank god for that. $8 for a chicken finger app? Um, sorry but no. We wanted the buffalo chicken dip and loaded fries, but the broiler was broken so we couldn't get either. We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip, pierogies, and chicken quesadillas. The spinach and artichoke dip was meh, and the chips were MEGA salty. Unenjoyably so, and it was a huge portion for an appetizer. So you're getting your money's worth, anyway. The pierogies were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, came with sour cream and very good. There were 6 in our order. The quesadillas would make an entire meal for one, it was again a huge portion for an appetizer. They were packed with chicken, cheese and bell peppers, and came with more cheese, delicious salsa, sour cream and lettuce to put on top. They were really good. We didn't try the dinner menu since we were trying to save some money and it was a bit pricey, but 2 of our 3 appetizers were good. Out waitress was attentive and was able to put our drinks and food on different tabs with no problem.Overall, head for the rooftop, which is covered and heated in winter, and much quieter than the scene downstairs in the evening.
3	Carson City Saloon exemplifies the average bar scene on Carson.  It's crowded, it's noisy, and drink prices are fair. However, Carson City offers decent food and really personable service.  I prefer to go here on a weekday to avoid the weekend/game day crowds.  They recently opened their rooftop porch/bar, which is a really nice place to sit in the warmer months, provided you want to walk the four flights up. I'm not motivationally dispossessed at all...Just a note, I've noticed Penn State fans tend to gather here for football games. So stay away you root for Ohio State.
3	The bar itself is great, but this is probably not the right place to go to just for lunch or dinner. I had the BBQ bacon burger and it was pretty good, but it is all bar food so options are limited. That being said, I still recommend Caron City to watch the games. The ambiance is good, and the crowd is generally friendly. Service is not consistent, but that is to be expected at a bar.
1	The overabundance of bars like this are why I moved of Pittsburgh. Tacky sports bar with a overwhelming fratboy brodown vibe. If I could rate this place no stars, I would.
3	Standard Pittsburgh "sports bar". Food is decent, if unspectacular. Pens game drink specials are good.
4	I stopped down for Monday wing night and was very impressed. It wasn't too crowded and all the "bros" that people are talking about were downstairs so we chose to sit on the second floor. Since there was no Pittsburgh game going on everything was fairly calm and smooth. Two soft drinks and 20 wings and the bill was under $12. Not bad! Not too mention the service was great and friendly. The wings were good and they had at least 30 different sauces. Some of the wings were a little small and didn't have much meat, but for $0.35 you can't complain. The only complaint I had was there was only one smaller TV upstairs. It wasn't an issue, but the person I was dining with wanted to watch  the football game and because of the size it was a little hard for him to see. There are a lot of TVs downstairs, including big projection screens, but are hard to see from above.
5	By far my absolute favorite bar in Pittsburgh! It's such a hip, young bar where everyone is having a blast. Its totally my scene. The "frat boys" you were referencing below are people in collared shirts. Last time I checked, Its okay to go out and look nice, guys. Girls like it when you arent dressed in cargo shorts and a crappy t-shirt. Hellooooo!Haha lots of good looking guys and girls singing and drinking is what I saw. Loved the music and the vibe.The drink prices are AMAZING especially coming from LA, I recognize a fun,Pittsburgh bar when I see it.  I love the architecture of the building too. My perfect night out involves Carson City in the South Side. Can't wait to come back.
3	This place is huge! I really wish it was non-smoking since I always smell terrible afterwards. Super cheap drinks during certain hours which is a plus. Food is only okay, but hey it's a bar mainly.
