5	Given the option, I am always down for trying new restaurants.  Sometimes this tendency even applies after I have already tried another new restaurant just minutes before.  Yeah, I am crazy and possibly have a 2nd stomach compartment, just like the mystically crazy half man half bull, Minotaur.  Anyway, that was how I ended up at the door of an almost 3 weeks young Japanese restaurant by the fortuitous name of Lucky Fish Sushi & Grill (aka LF).LF is located on S. Jones, in the same busy plaza as China Mama, Cravin' Cajun and HK Star, on the spot where Bosa 1 used to be, and across the street from 168 Supermarket.  Chef Young (trained in Nagoya, Japan, and worked locally at Sushi Tower, Sushi Fever and Yellowtail) and Chef James, plus one other business partner run this latest Japanese eatery to open in the greater "Chinatown" area of Las Vegas. Since I was nearly topped off from a rather tasty Taiwanese beef noodle soup from across the street, I was only able to tried their Chirashi Bowl on my initial test drive of LF's unexpectedly diverse menu.   LF's menu offerings is like the selection of a Megamart of Japanese cuisine with a healthy sprinkling of Korean BBQ on top.  You can order the typical sushi and rolls, the tried and true teriyaki, noodles such as ramen, udon and yakisoba, plus K-BBQ favorites like kalbi and bulgogi.If you are not sure what to order, simply watch the slide show of scenery from Japan with pictures of menu items shuffled in or simply asks for recommendations.The food was prepared with expert care, and the best part of my dining experience was the friendly service and the conversations with the sushi chef and staff.  Plus the decor of the roomy new restaurant was a significant improvement from the predecessor.The lunch specials starts at $6 and is served from 11am to 3:30pm, which I am told is popular with those that work in the vicinity.Verdict:  Definitely have to come back on an empty stomach for a full test drive.
3	After the Rock N Brew fest, we wanted to grub on something.  Remembering the awesome picture of the chirashi bowl, posted by Tony T, we decided to head over to LF.Cons-Staff did forgot about the Chirashi Bowl, so Debbie got her tasty bowl of LF ramen way before we got the chirashi bowl.-Expected the chirashi bowl to look like Tony T's pic, but instead, we received one less of the tuna, hamachi, and salmon sashimi.Pros-Very spacious and awesome decor-Our waiter was kind of quirky, but friendly enough.-We received some delightful items on the house (maybe to makeup for the wait on the chirashi bowl?)So as of now, I am going to give it an A-OK.  I will try LF again...
5	The real deal! lucky fish sushi & grill has it all, a clean beautiful place, great service and awesome sushi at affordable prices.  As I drove trough the neighborhood I saw this place and remembered that I had read a review on yelp by Tony T. and decided to try it for myself. Went inside and was greeted with the usual Irrashaimase shout, (close the door!) I sat at the bar and asked the chef James to make me something spicy and salty but not sweet. I also told him not to surprise me since I didn't want to end up with the surprise roll on the picture that everyone have talked about, you know....the one that looks like....well, check the pic.  I ended up with the jay roll which it was just the flavor I was hoping for, I also tried the Mexican roll just to see what it would taste and look like, It was real good but just didn't see anything mexican in it besides being spicy,   I was by myself and having a small conversation with James the chef about sushi and other topics like Japanese culture and customs, it turned out that we had a lot in common , we both liked sushi but neither one of us was Japanese, but don't get me wrong, that didn't stop him from making killer rolls! ....My point is, the chef does not have to be from the land of the rising sun to make authentic sushi here in the land of the scorching sun.  The service in itself made my experience more enjoyable and memorable which is one of the main reasons I will be going back.   As I was leaving the restaurant they shouted something again....don't know what they were saying but I have something to say.......stop yelling at me!!!!!!  Lucky fish not so lucky, it ended up on my sushi roll...lucky me!
5	This place is awesome! The food is good and staffs are friendly. It's not all u can eat but it sure is a great place to go if u don't want to stuff yourself with all u can eat.
4	My friends and I went a bit early, but we were still greeted and seated right away.The server was friendly and came to check up on us a lot (probably because we were the only table? haha) Anyways, the bento box I had was very cute and delicious.My friends ordered a sushi roll which came out in a funny shape though I don't know the name of the roll, but the server asked us if we were legal lol.We used to 20 for 40 deal and went out happy and full. Though if I wanted some nigiri I would go to the sushi place next to Greenland, but this place is great to go to for yummy rolls and different lunch specials.I'll be visiting the next time as soon as I get a chance.
3	One of the better non-AYCE sushi places in Vegas. Fairly new and standing on its own in a plaza, this sushi restaurant is making its name known by their penis-shaped special sushi roll. It is pretty filling and big, if I may say. Use the $20 for $40 Yelp deal if you're here for more than 2 people because the bill adds up quick. Good quality sushi and enough tables for groups. There are lots of unique naming to their rolls that matches the unique ingredients in it. Our penis-shaped roll (Surprise Me Roll) had seaweed salad as the pubic hair. Very clever, Lucky Fish. They also have a sushi bar with more seating than other sushi places. This is a perfect sitting for bachelorette parties. It seems so fitting!
4	Another hot spot for lunch for those working in the SW.  At first, I was a little worried this would be just another mediocre sushi restaurant...but the lunch specials are very tasty.  The lunch specials range from ~$7-15 and all the specials come with miso soup and a small cucumber salad.  I tried the three hand rolls (eel x 2 and spicy salmon) combo.  The flavors were right especially the spicy salmon roll....with enough of a kick to leave your mouth tingling but not so spicy that it masks the flavor of the fish.... and most importantly the sushi rice had the proper texture.  The decor is simple but appealing.  This is not a Japanese owned sushi restaurant for those purists out there, Korean owned with K-pop playing in the background.  My coworker tried the hamachi kama (grilled yellow tail collar) lunch special of the week which looked really good...a nice large portion especially given the price tag of $7.95.  We were one of three tables eating here on a weekday for lunch....so if you don't want to wait a long time for service or food....head down to LF!
4	My husband and I love our sushi and just moved to Vegas. We've eaten at 3 sushi spots and so far this is our favorite. Fish is always fresh. The uni tastes like it just came out of the water. Price is very reasonable. I recommend eating here.
4	Once Bosa 1 closed and I saw Lucky Fish start to open up shop, I got excited to try this place out. Once I saw the Yelp Deal, I was totally sold. We came in yesterday for lunch. The restaurant has been renovated completely, since it was Bosa 1. The seating area is huge and the decor is modern and clean. Great atmosphere, so we were excited to see what was on the menu. They have a lot of different options from Korean to teriyaki to an extensive sushi menu. The lunch menu is served every day, even weekends, which I love. The prices are great as well. My mom ordered a tempura lunch, while I got the three handrolls lunch, my fella got the bulgogi entree and we shared the grilled calamari and the garlic chicken gizzards. The service was friendly and extremely efficient. Our server was quick with the refills and never let our glasses or plates pile up on the table. All the food was pretty tasty as well. Not necessarily authentic, but it tasted great and it was fresh, so there's not much more I can ask for on that front. I'm looking forward to our next meal at Lucky Fish. the prices alone will draw me back soon.
5	Excellent, Amazing, across the board 5-star:* Service with a smile - both waiter and sushi chef. Also, our waiter never let the iced green tea get below 1/2 glass. :) * Menu Choices: creative, different and YUMMAY! And they do offer half-rolls, which is nice. BTW, the iced green tea is the opaque matcha kind. Its "real" green tea.We arrived for dinner at 6:30, only two other parties in the resto. When the word gets out, there'll be lines. Seated at the bar. Started ordering based on the "video menu." There's no printed/pic menu of their special rolls so you just have to sit near the monitor to get an idea of what you're ordering. Shufflin Special - think this was my favorite, and chef's first suggestion for me. 90% roll - also great. Grand Canyon - more of a "heavy" roll, good to share. Has a bit of mayo in and around, fyi. Had to take 1/2 home, and it was just as good the next day.Ultimate Tuna - oh they are not kidding. Its like tuna with a side of tuna with a tuna back. (aka, must like tuna).Hamachi Kama - good, but not as large as I've had in other places, and little fishy smelling which turned off my dining buddy, but it was good.I've tried about six other sushi joints in town, and this is my absolute favorite. Quality, service, location. Have to say, the $40 for $20 deal is what brought me in, and it did the trick. I'll be back and my dining buddy felt the same way. We were elated (and full) when we left. Nice to find a place we could enjoy with no exceptions. Thank you Lucky Fish! :)
4	Since I work around there I've pretty much tried all Asian restaurants around Lucky Fish.  Because the outside of the restaurant isn't exactly appealing I never considered eating there until the living social coupon (good marketing strategy!).   The inside of the restaurant is surprisingly pleasant.  I have been there twice so far, both dinner and lunch. The waiter seemed a little dull and stiff.  The waitress spoke little English and was confused a couple of times but it's all good.  Although the service definitely needs improvement, overall I am pleased with the food and the prices.  They have a limited sushi roll selection.  Most of the rolls have snow crab, shrimp, avocado or cream cheese.  I'm one of those who believe that in a Sushi restaurant there is no room in my stomach for any other shenanigans but fish!  So I had Young Special Roll (super white tuna and salmon).  The flavor was very good and the texture was even better (melts in your mouth)!  Grilled sea bass.  Absolutely delicious!  It might've been a tiny tiny bit salty (the chef could've used less sauce) but overall it was fresh, flavorful, and perfectly cooked to a buttery texture.  I'd prefer a bigger and thicker chunk (who wouldn't) but it's a decent size for the price.Yellowtail Collar.  Very good!  Grilled sea bass definitely stole the spotlight but the collar was pretty good as well in terms of both size and taste.  Some parts were just as silky and buttery as the sea bass while other parts were a little bit dry which is not that uncommon.Fried Noodle with Vegetables, a little bit salty and saucy for me but I did like the taste of the mushroom and the egg noodle was cooked well.
5	This new place opened up a while back and I was sold when I saw sushi on the sign. We came in last weekend and ordered a large variety of items. Everything was really good and really cheap. Like, really really cheap. Even better. All the food was very fresh and tasty. Since we live so close, I'm sure we'll be back often.
2	I love trying out a new sushi place. I wished it was a bit better for me.Armed with an Amazon deal I purchased for $20 for $40 worth of food, we arrived for dinner on a Saturday night. Not very busy...Our server and sushi chef was friendly and helpful. As we looked at the menus handed to us and the monitor they had set up with pictures showing a slideshow of their sushi selections, we asked about their rolls. Our server knew some, yet still turned to ask most of what we asked to the sushi chef. I guess the new menu was new to them, too...?? We ordered the Shufflin Roll recommended by our server and the James Special. Both were tasty, yet just had a lot going on. Couple different kinds of sauces, different fishes, sometimes a dish has too many things going on. I saw something called Taco Wasabi on their specials board, so I requested one. It was pretty much tako (octopus) chopped in a small bowl with wasabi mixed in. Do not recommend ordering that.When I presented my phone to use my Amazon deal, another employee came to settle our check so we can pay what's leftover after our voucher. I saw our check (what we would've paid) and saw that it added up to about $32. I'm not saying they were obligated to tell us, but all I was thinking was "Wouldn't that have been nice that they could've told us we still had $8 to use???" Or at least tell us what our balance was at. I'm not one to care if we go over a certain amount, especially using a voucher, because I knew we already got a deal. Anyone else understand where I'm coming from?? LOLI hate giving less than 3 stars, seeing that others did enjoy this place. Maybe I'll try again and write an update...
4	Great Vegas style sushi.Yes, Vegas style.  It's over the top, creative, playful, sultry and seductive... like a lap dance.  This IS the 25 ingredient roll with fillings, toppings, raw sitting next to cooked, crunchy next to soft, all smothered in sauces but it works and hides the fact that the seafood is not the freshest or highest quality.  Nice.Fancy rolls are not my personal preference for sushi (I'm a purist) but when in Rome, errr Vegas; Lucky Fish represents.In general:Rice: Sticky and under seasoned.  A good thing.  It's the neutral "glue" that makes up less than  30 percent of a roll and holds it together.Fish:  Previously frozen but is thinly sliced so it doesn't matter.  Just another ingredient.Crab:  Canned but at least not imitation.  Shrimp Tempura (for rolls): Crisp.  Not excessively oily.Mayo:  American style.  Sauces:  Bold flavors.  Unusually thin and wet.  Wait too long and the rolls disintegrate.In the end, it is what it is.  Good, creative sushi all prettied up.  Large portions at reasonable prices.  Laid back, strip mall ambiance.  Friendly, efficient service.Note:  The menu has a lot of non sushi, Korean selections (not the traditional Japanese selections you would expect).  Have not tried any yet.One of the better players in the Vegas sushi scene.  Recommended.
4	This is a quaint family owned sushi spot I discovered one day when I was eating at Cravin' Cajun. You can meet the owner behind the sushi bar and his stunning wife, April if your lucky enough to be served by her. I started off with a refreshing cucumber salad that had an amazing sesame dressing. I tried out their halibut, super white tuna, and albacore nigiri.  Everything was fresh and all recommended by the chef/owner. To be honest I didn't eat much and only stopped in for a little snack.  But they gave me free edamame and offer to make a roll on the house.  I had to kindly decline because I was saving room for a big dinner later in the evening.  Overall, the experience was nice.  I'd have to come back and try some of their rolls and other dishes.  The service was great and very welcoming.  I was only bumped that they didn't have any alcohol yet since they're still working on getting their license, but that's completely understandable.
2	We arrived and were immediately greeted by the overly-polite waitress who seated us immediately. Noticed we were one of 2 patrons, but since it was 3:00 PM, we thought we arrived before the dinner rush.Waitress gave us the menu and as we looked it over, we couldn't make sense of it. When we asked about certain items, waitress had a hard time finding it on the menu. Unfortunately, she was trying too cater to us to closely, as in body space. When she spoke she inadvertently spit over the wife's shoulder.  Eh.Reviewing the menu became more annoying, especially since they didn't know where to find items on their menu. We fought through it and ordered the all you can eat lunch for the kids. I ordered the sashimi lunch.Looked around the place and liked the 2 flat screens so sat and watched ESPN a little bit until the food arrived. The sashimi was okay, nothing amazing. The rolls were just okay. Fish was somewhat fresh, on the border of stale. Nothing to write home about.The all-you-can eat lunch was $20.95 per person, too pricey for a family of five. We know of other Vegas sushi spots that charge less with better quality food.  They need to work on their menu being more simple with an easier font to read. Maybe put more pictures to cater to the less informed sushi patron. Since this is a sushi place in the heart of the Vegas suburbs, I don't see them taking business away from the other notable Sushi places near them. I hope they make it, but something tells me they may struggle for sometime.I'm being kind at 2 stars.
4	First time at lucky fish and I must say im impressed. Its a cute little restaurant off of Jones and Spring mountain. There are alot to choose from. I ordered the screaming orgasm lunch, the fish was so fresh and yummy! Green tea mochi oh yum! Presentation is nice! And the people are so friendly! Right now they have a 10% check in offer but you can only use it for dine in. Im definitely going to be a regular :)
1	We ordered 4AYCE sushi buffets on a Friday evening for 90. I received a coupon in the mail, Buy 3 buffets, get 1 free.- Wonderful welcome. Nice smiles and quick to order drinks. - We got there at 6. As it got towards 630 - 7ish, service fell apart big time.- When you enter, it will say SERVER WANTED! What they need are more EFFICIENT SERVERS. - Servers can't spell! I had to spell out LASAGNA for her. It literally took 1min. Others also, Jones roll...ect..- Our orders NOT going to our table. I saw my hamachi nigiri being handed off to another table. It wasn't just that, it happened on 2 other occasions.- We ordered UDON, and our ICE CREAM came first. WTF...no more udon. CANCEL- Servers look so CONFUSED. we had ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD to OBSERVE their every move bc there was NO FOOD on our table. "UHH, WHAT TABLE? 7! 7! no, 9! HUH?" LOL. you can see the sushi chef popping a blood vessel. - BTW, only one sushi chef! ONE!? WTF. the other guy was probably the sous chef.- We had quite a bit of sushi rolls. In general, all I can say that they tasted SOGGY! they DRENCH their sushi in this spicy sauce. it makes it worse..ughh FAIL- Salmon skin roll is good. WIN- This establishment is going down...that coupon wasn't even worth it. - AVOID..
4	Very fresh with some originals like monkey roll. Actually has fried banana. Yum.
4	They now have happy hour! I believe the hours are 3-6PM, 9PM to close. 20% off sushi/sashimi, 30% off specalty rolls, 40% off standard rolls, 50% off hand rolls!  The rolls aren't huge but they are well crafted and tasty...definitely give it a try during happy hour for even a better value! For those who have the groupons/living social/etc gift certificates...no happy hour discount even if it is happy hour if your using the gift certificate...just an FYI.
5	The sushi here is very creative. Try the surprise .... Tuna on the outside and crunchy soft shell crab on the inside. This roll does not include rice, so its light and flavorful. Waitress is attentive. We went on a Sunday night and had the whole restaurant to ourselves. WOW!
4	(this issue has been settled) They done fucked up my groupon. Showed up, got seated, let the guy know i got a groupon for the place and he pushed 'Mark as Redeemed' on my phone. A few bits of rice and raw fish later he came back and said 'Sorry we cant take your groupon because it cant be used during happy hour. Oh...kay...but you hit redeemed so i pretty much lost the groupon offer then...It's like if i took a check i wrote for you and flushed it down the toilet...What ever tho i'm not even mad to be honest. No way in hell could i have eaten 30 bucks worth of food here on my own the rate my waist line is slowly expanding i shouldnt even try. (/this issue has been settled)The rolls were okay. We had the daily special which was...well it starts with an M has a total of 4 letters and repeats itself again like Mahi Mahi cept this one was...M--- M--- Roll anyway it was pretty basic in terms of a roll. Had a bit too much sauce, and was soggy; if it wasnt for the 'crunch' the texture would have been totally out of wack, then again they could have used cucumbers but meh.The good stuff comes from the freshness of the fish. The tuna they got (ordered a garlic tuna) is just amazing. I've never had tuna that fresh the texture was so damn tender. Wow. The Uni, alright lets go into story time. When i was younger i never developed an appreciation for sea urchin especially those opportunities where it was readily available fresh. As in people would go into the water, dive, and come back with abalone and sea urchin. Didnt develop a taste for it because i was young and it looked like something alien and it tasted like something that came out of an alien's ass. Fast forward a few years i've had uni but it wasnt fresh but i learned how to eat it because...it's expensive. Stuff that come from an alien's ass cant be cheap. It was only until recently at another sushi UYE when i had FRESH uni i discovered what the fuss is all about. In the words of Nelson Q it's 'budda of the sea!'So i asked one of the sushi chefs how's the uni and what's market price at the moment. He told me its good it's REAL good. Market price was doable for me so i went for one order. WHOA this stuff is FRESH, way better then the first time i had fresh uni, Even fresher maybe!Only thing that keeps me from giving this place five stars is the whole groupon issue which i care a lot less about then i should, and the not offering all you can eat during happy hour. Sure happy hour is happy hour and there's some percentage off rolls and stuff but...damn it if i wanna stuff myself with 20 garlic tunas and 10 unis LET ME!!
4	I've had some lackluster sushi experiences at other places. I came in to this place with my wife and 5 year old after buying a groupon deal. I was pretty damn surprised, in a good way. We ordered chicken teriyaki, Lisa Lisa roll, Las Vegas roll, salmon nigiri, and another roll. Good stuff, I say! My son even dug the salmon and some of the rolls. He is usually anti-sushi. I was happily surprised!We didn't do the AYCE option, but that's $26 a pop. It would have been a wash, since the rolls are roughly $9-12.I'll definitely head back.
3	Lucky Fish now has All-You-Can-Eat for $26 ish, The Yelp or Amazon deals cannot be used for All-You-Can-Eat. It extended their business hrs, now open from 4pm-2am, have Happy Hour 9pm-2am, some items are 20%, 30%, and 50%. It's kind of confusing.. They play louder hip-hop music now.. sometimes I feel it's too loud..I and my friend orders 2 bentos, Teriyaki Chicken $11, and Teriyaki Salmon $13. It comes w/ soup, salad, 5 pieces of tempura, 4 pieces of Cali Roll, and rice. I think it's ok pricing.. Maybe the Salmon is a bit too expensive.. And it tasted just ok. It has some kind of after taste on the fish, maybe it was not too fresh. The Teriyaki Chicken is good, they gave a lot of chicken.
2	Went to lucky fish tonight with my boyfriend  for their all you can eat... First of it was dead in there nobody was there but we thought maybe more will show up but nobody did. The Sushi was okay theirSection of nagiri isn't the best , their rolls have way to much sauce on them . The thing I found the most uncomfortable was how much the chefs and the waitress would just keep starting at us eating, and as soon as we paid and left I swear they were all running to pick up the check. I think this place could do so much better if their menu for all you can eat was better, if the fish was fresher and they didn't use so much sauce.
3	Ok, so I will admit that I am very picky with my sushi, so please refer to your own preferences and pallet. With that being said, here is what we experienced.  We went at 7:00pm on a Friday night and we were shocked to find it empty. That is a major sign for me, because people like to eat, right? We were treated very very nicely by the staff and manager(s) who were present.We had a groupon deal and we got so much food and they applied the discount to the end bill. We easily ate 80 to 90 dollars worth of food and our bill was $36.00. We tried several rolls: Shrimp Tempera, Spicy Tuna Crunch, a fried eel roll (sorry do not remember the name), a rainbow roll, and our favorite was the 007 roll. The fish taste was slightly above average! The soup(s) and salads were really good! We had the Ramen and LF miso soup. The ramen was very traditional and the Lucky Fish twist on miso is seafood in the soup. We had a cucumber salad and seaweed salad, again both very tasty! There did not appear to be a full bar and the beer and wine choices are limited. The featured rice wine deal was about $28.00 per bottle, which seemed like a decent deal for the size of the bottle, 750ml. No real comment here on this as we only had one Sappora on our table, (large bottle was around $6.00). We did have hot tea and green tea on the table and them tasted fine. A couple of other tips I would throw out, first they no longer stay open until 2:00am as we noticed online and even on the menus. They now close between 11:00pm and 12:00am. They offer some really big deals during Happy Hour, 9:00pm to Close, ranging from 20 to 50 percent off select items. I saw a sign for the All You Can Eat, ACYE, but heard someone say they no longer offer that, so call first if that is what you are looking for. All in all, it was a good time and we left full, with a pocket full of money, which is a plus!!!!!! I would rate this as a slightly above average sushi joint, my third choice in Las Vegas.
1	Subpar sushi, rude service, reused to honor my groupon. I'll never be visiting here again. Save your money! Gi to sushimon instead.Honestly, just horrible. I've never been treated so badly.
1	I have never been treated so rudely, and especially by a person who claimed to be the owner of the restaurant. We were ignored, and our food was slammed down in front of us haphazardly.  The sushi itself was pretty poor quality. What a huge disappointment.  The icing? The "owner" refused to honor our Groupon for no reason.
4	I visited this restaurant after finding a groupon deal for it. Now, I almost gave it 3 stars because of the poorly communicated 'deal' I bought into. The $30 coupon I had could not be used for the AYCE, so I ordered some individual rolls and ended up paying a total of about $40...NOT such a good deal after all! Anyways, this has to do more with groupon than the restaurant.Now, onto the real review. I was greeted by a friendly staff as I walked in the door, and was quickly seated at the bar. The chefs quickly took my first order and delivered some delicious rolls that were very, very tasty. Now, I am new in the world of sushi (and I wish I could remember the names of the rolls I had), but the ones I ate were very delicately presented and came with amazing toppings and dipping sauces. The staff was very accommodating to my requests and open to the questions I had about the different rolls. Although I have only visited this place once, I will be coming back for more.
4	Great quality sushi. There is no all you can eat but the quality definitely makes up for it I recommend the "Shufflin Special Roll"
