3	So with Time Warner Cable screwing up our Internet the other day, I had to go into downtown Belmont to find a place with some wi-fi. I had never been to this coffee shop & thought it was probably be my best bet close to home.The place has the same feel as most of your coffee shops around, cozy & inviting. They have plenty of seating, along with a couch that I scooped up, & an outdoor patio. I'm by no means a coffee drinker though, so I just used up their free wi-fi. The crowd was sparse, but I was there after the morning rush & more towards the lunch hour. They seemed to all be regulars & the staff was very open & friendly, regular chatting with the customers.If I were a coffee drinker, I'd probably spend some more time here. It's a pretty good location for walking traffic & the atmosphere is great for reading or getting some work done.
5	This place has an awesome selection, and cheap prices. If you are sick of the coffee monopoly, check this place out!
3	I enjoy 3 things about Caravan Coffee:  convenient location in downtown Belmont, it's not another Starbucks, and they offer cupcakes and sweet treats from Brenda's Cake Gallery (the bakery next door).  Unfortunately that's where the fun stops for me.  The menu on the wall lists plenty of delicious-sounding coffees, but I've tried several of them over the last few years and I have yet to find one I like.  Every hot drink I have ordered is served luke-warm and I have to drink it within 5 minutes to keep it from getting too cold to drink.  None of the drinks have a particularly good flavor.  They don't taste like coffee and they don't taste like the flavoring syrups.  Today I had a "peppermint patty" (white chocolate peppermint mocha) that just tasted like cough medicine.  I also despise the foam they top off every drink with, but that's just a personal preference.Although the drinks aren't the greatest, you can always come in to enjoy the cozy atmosphere and grab a delicious cupcake.  Just beware if there isn't a single parking spot available in the evening it means terribly slow service and possibly standing room only.
5	Coffee tasted superb, staff was nice and shop clean and tastefully designed. Loved it.
1	Have tried the coffee drinks here twice. Both times they were lukewarm and terrible. Doesn't taste like lattes and espresso drinks are supposed to taste. Very bad. Also this is also a "dessert bar" but everytime I've gone in there might be one type of cake or one type of cupcake to choose from. Will not go back.
3	We stopped here on our way to finding some decent breakfast food in Belmont on our way to Alternative Beverage (http://www.yelp.com/biz/alternative-beverage-belmont) as we had to rack some beer. Finding a decent breakfast spot in Belmont seemed an impossibility, but alas, that's another bitchfest for the city as a whole.The exterior seemed like an unassuming, quaint little shop harmless enough so I figured my experience would be all but an experience. The second I stepped inside I thought that Kirkland's had taken a dump inside this place. It seems as though the owners caught a Kirkland's going out of business sale and bout every decoration they had to get rid off. Step inside and you'll know what I mean.I didn't have anything as all I wanted was food and the only thing Caravan offers are pastries. Becky on the other hand, after a long wait (I waited for about five minutes in the store, walked all the way to the end of the road, walked back, got back in the store, then waited another 10 minutes) got Apple Cider which, when asked, said was "really good" (but then again she also thinks fluffernutters cover 3 of the Food Pyramid's groups)Meh, it's a coffee shop in a quaint little town. Next week I'll go in and order some coffee.
1	Came at 11:15am on Saturday.  No greeting when entering the store.  Line 4 people deep with machines behind the counter so loud you can't hear anyone talking in the shop.   Surprisingly another worker came out to put a cake in the display and went to the back as if the line of people at the counter didn't even exist.  I'll try it again but only under new management.  The current state of affairs is a clear failure.
5	Such a great place to sit and chill with your friends or just with your laptop. Try the Salted Carmel Latte!! It will not disappoint!
4	My husband and I had a few hours away from our children and was driving through main street Belmont when we came upon Caravan Coffee. It was a Sunday afternoon and lucky for us it was open. I was a bit disappointed at first with the small selection of desserts but truthfully we both had a big lunch and wanted something small. I ordered the Pumpkin Pie latte. We also had a small piece of brownie and lemon bar. The latte was wonderful and the little squares of dessert was just right for us. Everything was reasonably priced. The latte and desserts cost under $5 which is a deal. Nothing like that was those big coffee chains. We will definitely return. It would be nice if a larger selection of desserts were on hand.
2	What great potential!!A quintessential coffee shop in the middle of a charming southern town, the perfect Normal Rockwell moment.  If only they had good coffee made to order rather than sitting in  warming pot for who knows how long.  If only they had pastries, cakes and other delicacies to go with that not so good coffee.  If only the service was as nice as the southern charm that surrounds the shop.   If only........
4	Nice place to stop by and grab a cup of coffee.  Usually stop by on Saturdays while running errands.
