3	For a traumatic expience they could have pretended to care better. the lady at check in was really nice and more helpful then my nurse. I had 2 doctors when I was having my procedure done and the male doctor was really comforting. I liked the room where the procedure took place because they played soothing music. After the procedure I felt like I was being thrown out. heavily sedated I was told to put my panties on and I was put in another waiting room to be picked up. The nurse there was not comforting at all. When my husband came to the drop off area I wasn't put in a wheelchair and helped out she literally pushed me out the door into the rain and shut it. Heavily sedated but I still knew what was going on around me. I was a little disappointed but then again they do this everyday all day so I can see how careless they can get when it comes to the customer service aspect of it.
1	This is my honest review:On my first visit, I found out that my visit was going to cost $150.00. I'm glad I received my paycheck earlier that day, or I would have been SOL..The doctor who did my procedure was a gentle as he would be and it went quickly. He asked what my previous birth control prescription was, and although I told him those pills gave me horrible migraines, he still prescribed them to me.Three weeks after my appointment, I've had 6 migraines and it hadn't been a whole month. So I called back and asked if I could have a consultation with my doctor. An appointment was scheduled, and this time I had a different doctor. I told my lady doctor about my migraines and she told me to stop taking my current prescription. Then she asked asked me, "What do you think we should do?" I was appalled! Aren't YOU the doctor?? You should know what to do.. But I kept my cool and we talked about other birth control methods.We came to a agreement on another pill prescription, which I am currently taking, but these pills are "active" pills. The whole reason I came to this facility, was to have something that could keep me regular.. I am very disappointed and I have scheduled another appointment for a day this week. A whole month now and I still don't have a prescription that fits me and my body..
2	I'm a little worried this place might not be the cleanest of places and I want to kick myself for not looking into other birth control centers before making my appointment. The staff was friendly enough but there are extremely long wait times which seemingly could be better managed by scheduling certain types of appointments together and regular appointments at other times as there seems to be only 1 actual doctor that works there so the medical assistants call you back and move you from room to room, to waiting room, and back to exam room.... but what do I know. Anyways, I had a simple blood test done from a  finger prick and a day later my finger is throbbing, red, and inflamed which indicates an infection. This was just a tiny prick from a diabetic blood testing pen, which I've had done before without any issue so I don't know why my finger is still hurting unless it is infected. I really hope they aren't reusing dirty needles and wish I had waited to see a doctor until my new insurance kicks in next month. I'll give an update if my finger gets better. UPDATE: I squeezed the hell out of my finger and poured rubbing alcohol on it. It cleared up by the next day. Phew!
1	Going to this place is depressing trip already. It is an abortion clinic. Knowing that, they should do and try their very best to make the procedure comforting and soothing. Mistakes happen. I understand. I came here for a pregnancy test and the receptionist is very uncomfortable. Whether I was pregnant or not, I feel the receptionist should have maintained a neutral look and not a judgey one. Next, I asked to get the birth control shot which was $70. Had to make an appt, and came in a few days later. The nurse who gave me the shot gave me the worst first pregnancy preventive experience ever. First, I had to pull down my pants so she could give me the shot on my butt.. I was very nervous and was not ready. I kept looking at the needle & you could tell I wasn't ready. The nurse exact words were "if you don't stay still and I nick myself with this dirty needle, I'm going to be upset." Worst practice ever. The employees only work there for pay-- not for their clients and patients. Every 3 mo, you are suppose to renew your shot, but I was so terrified & hated my experience, I didn't want to go back so soon. When I did go, they said there was a $150 woman exam fee+ $70 for the shot??? I rather get a physical from my reg physician and get birth control elsewhere. Overpriced & worst practice ever. I hope they loose their practice.
1	Aside from one woman at reception this place has the rudest most uncaring, thoughtless staff I have ever had the displeasure of coming in contact with. These women (and I use the term lightly) all should sincerely consider going in to a profession that does not come into contact with the general public. I would be surprised if "be a sociopath" isn't listed as a requirement to work at this God Awful place. If you are in need of any of the services offered here please do yourself a favor and chose ANY other establishment and go there instead.
