4	I used to swim a lot here when I lived closer to this pool last summer.  Since moving, I haven't found a pool that I liked, so I come here from time to time.  I do have a pool at my apartment, but I do like to take advantage of stuff like this to mix things up.Anyways, the pool is easy to find.  Its right off the 202 on Kyrene on the West side of the road.  Its only a $1.50 to get in, which I think is remarkably cheap.  The place is great for kids, families, or anyone looking to cool off.  They have 3 seperate swimming areas!  They have a diving area with a couple diving boards.  They also have a kids swimming area with stuff to climb on that shoots out water.  They also have an adult pool where you can either swim laps or just hang out in the water.  They even have drink stations n stuff!I drive here to swim, hang out and cool off when it gets to be hot out here.  If you check out the website, I guess this place also has classes for kids and adults too.
4	My tween and my teen and I really like this public pool.They have a "high" diving board, which I love, with it being a reminder of my childhood hometown swimming days.Two different play pools areas for older kids, one which has a basketball goal.  Three lap lanes for exercise swimming.  A slide, plus two large play areas for the little kids including a zero depth entry for the smallest of tots.Three different shade areas for people who don't want to "bake" in the sun.If they added a "hot food" concession stand, this place would be virtually perfect.
5	This pool is fun for all age groups.There's a playground in the zero depth area for toddlers.  There are diving boards and a waterslide for kids.  There's also an area with a basketball hoop for the bigger kids.The large pool has lap lanes right down the middle, so at least the teenagers and bigger kids usually play by the basketball hoop.  The other side of the pool is usually occupied by parents and kids.This facility is always kept clean.What really sets this pool apart from the other Chandler pools is that it has a pretty good sized lawn where people can lay their beach towels down and hang out.
4	We always have a great time at this pool.  They have a high dive, water slides, zero entry pool, lap pool, snack shack.  Hours of fun for everyone.I've always been impressed with the life guards at this pool.  They are VERY attentive and tuned in to what's going on at the pool.  I've never been nervous or hesitant to let me kids go from pool to pool - no need to be a helicopter mom!  They do have some rather specific rules about food and drinks so make sure that you check the website before you go.  One thing that stands out is that they limit the size of coolers that can be brought in.  We usually end up bringing a couple of small "6 pack" coolers or lunchbox size coolers.  Bring plenty of your own cold water.It's very affordable!They have a hard time keeping the bathrooms clean with all of the wet bodies.  Everyone enters through the bathrooms - kind of weird!  Sometimes they smell, they are always wet.
3	First off let me say I'll definitely check out this pool again. Now after saying that I've gotta say it had a ghetto feel to it. Nothing against natives cuz I am 1 but there was a gaggle of them from the Res & they were really bringing down the atmosphere. Just poor behavior & a bad reflection upon natives. & that's why I'm willing to check this place out again to see if I get a better feel. In regards to the facility it's small but there is plenty for kids to do for the $2 price tag. Think it's under a buck for kids. There's coin operated lockers, changing areas & a little over priced snack truck. Park was clean & I feel the cost was well justified for an afternoon of fun in the sun.
4	Awesome pool. I go here every summer on my own as well as with a group of children.  I like that this pool has ample chairs to sit around the kiddie area so I could watch my kids.  What I DON'T like is that the lifeguards are all clueless.  There are times when we'd be sitting in the shallow end and almost get knocked down by kids who were fighting in the area. We even mentioned it to the lifeguards on duty and they don't seem to care.
