3	I hadn't even noticed that they were opening a Dollar Tree near the Target on Flamingo and Maryland until I was driving through the parking lot and saw it was open. My first real job was at a Dollar Tree, and I love some of the cheap stuff they have, so I figured I'd take a look.The store isn't as big as the 99 Cent locations I like or some of the other Dollar Trees in the valley, but they still had an decent selection. The food selection was pretty limited, although they did have a small freezer/fridge section in the back. It was also clean, and hopefully it stays clean as it is open for longer!Several other patrons were vocally complaining about the line situation. There was only one register open, and a line of about a dozen people snaked through the food aisle. The check out stands have very little space between them and the endcaps of the aisle, so that was a navigation problem for people. There were some good deals to be had, but I think I'll stick to larger locations in the future, as they are more likely to have good deals on items that aren't specifically manufactured for the Dollar Tree.
3	Dollar! Dollar! Dollar! I have missed a dollar tree close to my neck of the city. There was a dollar store right across the street once, but it closed down. However, because this particular store is now located in the same parking lot as my frequented Target I am more than excited. I am cheap, what can I say?This store may not be as big as some I have been in, but it is great for when you know exactly what you want and you can get in and out as quickly as possible. Except here, getting in is quick, getting out takes a bit more time. One register open, 15 people in line, hmm I wonder how this could be fixed? Maybe opening up another register. Just a suggestion. I waited for a good while with my 10 items, but in the end it was worth paying 10 bucks then the 25-30 I would have paid at Target for simple little items like a toothbrush and cleaning products. Another suggestion would be to the lady who checked me out. Throwing my items into the bags is not very nice. I probably would have laughed if the cleaner exploded in your face. Maybe she was mad because she was the only person checking people out. Who knows?It is a brand new store so it was quite nice, everything was in place and people were stocking the shelves while I was there, but we shall see how long that lasts. I shall be back Dollar Tree. Maybe this time I will spend a little less time in line which will probably make miss lady checker happier.
5	Yes, I am a fan of 99 cents only stores and Dollar Tree stores. Why pay more when you can get it for less? It's the reason why I've been shopping at TJ Maxx, Marshall's, and Ross (though, it's been way less here, recently, since my hubby really hates Ross stores in general). It's also the same reason why I clip coupons for my Target or Wal-Mart trips and why I shop the sales at certain stores in the malls (if you're a regular, you'll get the feel of when things go on sale, which is usually seasonal, too BTW; for example, shop after all the holidays, shop the annual sales, etc.).Anyway, this used to be Chase Bank, until they moved up in the world (this mean super expansion or "manifest destiny" and take over the Las Vegas world, seriously) and took up the old Jennifer Convertibles store (yes, a larger space, and free standing building) down the street, not far from Albertson's across the street, further east on Flamingo. Well, I go to this Target a lot, since it's so easy to go from work, and then from Target, to home; so this is convenient for me. I saw the signs a while back, and was eager to go in, but not until yesterday, when my hubby went to the Sprint corporate store (kitty corner). What gives this the edge on the competition? Well for one thing, it's one of the newest stores. It's huge. It's cleaner than the older stores. It's on the corner of the small strip mall adjacent to Target (convenient for other Target shoppers). I really like that this chain of stores carries frozen foods now. What I liked the most was, that the Christmas inventory was fully stocked and I really had a hard time here, because I was going through everything (believe me, this is a good thing). I don't think you should pay $5 for a roll of wrapping paper, but if you like that, go right ahead. I'm on the side of practicality, since I've got sooooo many gifts to wrap. I love the wrapping paper rolls of cartoon characters. And that's why it took so long for me to go through the Christmas section- Sponge Bob, Disney, Dora the Explorer, just to name a few. The selection of the rolls was pretty hefty- about 15 feet of boxes (two rows) to look through.   Also, the greeting card section was very extensive, all for either 2/$1 or $1 each. The party planning section was very extensive, and the selection was better than I've ever seen at other DT locations.Yeah, there are the usual suspects shopping here (to be expected), I should mention, like the crazy guy singing very loudly as he exited the store. It's ok, it's better than what I've seen at other stores.   We really like the one at Decatur/Meadows (not busy) and Blue Diamond Road (large, newer, similar layout), but this was the best one, hands down.
1	This store has the worst customer service & management I've ever experienced! For about six months, they had a sign ( which was about the size of a piece of notebook paper, & located in the upper, right corner of the front window by the entrance) that no bags or purses were allowed in the store. The sign was not noticeable in the slightest, & when you walked in the store, you were immediately greeted with " Excuse me- you can't bring your bag in here"! Not to mention, you are told to leave your bag/purse in a heap of others on the floor at the inside front of the store by the front window, where anyone could walk off with it on their way out- & if you dare question this in any way, you're told by the snotty store manager that if you don't like it, don't shop there, & also, that Dollar Tree isn't responsible if your bag/purse gets stolen.....SERIOUSLY!? You're not greeted & immediately treated like a thief, they have no secure place for people's belongings, & cannot seem to fathom why anyone would be concerned about this? Come to find out , ( after speaking to the district manager & the vice president as well)  Dollar Tree has NO such policy, that policy was created by the store manager, & her employees were told to enforce it- unbeknownst to upper management. What an absolute joke!
4	My friend and I decided to drop by this place to find her sanitizer, a marker, and one other thing.  I didn't need anything and I walked out with a bag full of nail polish!  I think I bought at least $10 worth.  Oh man...don't you hate it when you buy a bunch of stuff you don't need!?? -_-  I'm already fully stocked at home too.The lines were pretty long because there was only one person cashiering.  Customers were getting pissed!  After awhile, the other lady worker realized they needed another cashier and decided to open up a register.  Geez, I thought they always called out for help on the intercom when help's needed?  Guess not at this place...
4	Yes, I am a cheapskate and proud of it. Why would I pay $6 for a greeting card that sings? Especially when there is 99.999999% chance my 7 year old nephew and 3 year old niece will make it disappear into the black hole of juice boxes,toys,and dog slobber?  Yes, there are items here that I personally wouldn't purchase, but there is no shortage of snacks,ziploc bags,body wash,and other assorted goodies. You'd be fool to pass up this store !
