3	My doc sent me to get some blood work done at Labcorp and there are locations all over the valley which make it very easy and convenient to get in to somewhere that works with you. They also open at 7 which is very nice for the normal weekday worker. I highly suggest making an appointment and not just walking, with my appointment I only waited about 10 ten minutes which is pretty good for any kind of medical facility. Only complaint is the guy that actually took my blood was a little bit of a grumpy jerk. he should be nice to being going in, most people do NOT enjoy having their blood drawn.Other than that an  a-ok experience.
4	Went here for my new employer's mandatory drug test - I came an hour before they stopped testing and I hadn't had enough fluids. Luis mentioned that if you cannot complete it they mark it as failed. So he waited an extra hour and a half for me to drink another six and a half water bottles so I could submit my samples. He was very nice and sweet, was taken care of quickly even though the place was a little busy!
2	I made an appointment online.  I arrived at the office 2 or 3 minutes pay my appointment time and signed in.  I masked the sign in sheet that I had an appointment.  After 15 minutes of waiting around and watching people be called in the order they came into the office I went to the front desk to ask how long odd have to wait since I had an appointment.  The front desk guy was completely surprised.  He had no idea I had an appointment so I showed him on the sign in sheet.  The good news is that one I pointed that out they were quick to get me back and my blood drawn but this office seemed very unorganized that day.  They did not even have the labels printed to go on my blood samples. I am hoping my lab tests get completed.  The waiting area is VERY small and drab.  The fake tree is hiding behind a half wall and the magazine rack was completely empty with no reading material of any sort in site.  The building the office is located in is old and smells odd.  Overall I don't think I will do back to that office again.
