4	The BF and I were driving around trying to find a late night meal somewhere new. There's only a handful of places we rotate past midnight and sometimes you just want to find something else. He remembered from a different Winchells that the garlic mushrooms were good. I love fried mushrooms and indeed these were solid, good flavor and crispy. They normally are on the menu in a appetizer platter, but you can order it solo for $5.99 I think. BF wanted breakfast so he grabbed the chicken fried steak and eggs. The CFS was nice, crunchy and had a decent gravy. The BF said that the home fries was the best he's ever had. Indeed they were nice.  They were perfectly crunchy outside, but inside was fluffy and soft. Sometimes great comes in doing something simple right.I wanted to get a hearty salad so I opted for the Cuvee (spring mix w/ apples, grapes, candied walnuts, smoke gouda, hearts of palm, broiled chicken, champagne vinegrette). It was a really tasty salad that had a bunch of stuff I love. It's the kinda of salad I would put together for myself, but it's like I'd never have all those things on hand to make a hearty salad at home. The chicken was juicy and it was crusted with garlic and herb, ingredients were fresh and it wasn't overtly dressed. Service was decent and friendly. On a random note, sitting by the fish tank was nice since I do like watching stupid fish chase each other around. I've been to two Winchells now. I liked this Winchells better than the one further east on Craig. I think they cooked everything much better at this one so I think I'll come back to this one.
4	I've been to this location twice now; once for breakfast and once for drinks. Both times the servers were friendly, willing to chat and able to offer suggestions with ease. Large servings at decent prices, clean dining area and bar, with a neat fish tank - this isn't your standard dim and dark pub. Would be glad to visit the location again.
4	Great place to hang out.  Kind of like a Cheers; where everyone knows your name.  Food was good & bartenders friendly.  Will definitely go again. :)
5	Good nice plays had good time there I will go there more
4	Love love love Dan and Rob!! The selection of booze is nice, food is good, bar food, nothing special but still good. Took away one star for no jukebox.
2	Ambience:  somewhat deceptive.  Outside looks like a nice little cabin or bar but the inside was more divey.  Perfectly fine for a bar just not what I expected.  Seemed to skew to the 40 plus crowd. Prices:  One beer is 3.00 bucks so not too bad at all.  No clue about anything else.  Was told no happy Hour but their price are low per the bartender.Service:  the bartender seemed solely focus on the four or five older regulars who were there.  No offer of a menu and very little interaction.  Not sure I'll be going back.
5	This is the place to go. Friendly atmosphere the staff is so nice and welcoming. I love the beer and food. You must have breakfast here. Amazing!  Keno games pay. Did I say the food is just amazing bar food. The pizza and tacos. WINGS ARE DELICIOUS.
4	For bar food, it is amazing! Wait staff are attentive and make your dining a good experience.  The choice of sliders are unheard of and very good. The chilli burger was the "best." Make sure you try their soups, home-made. Very different types of salads. We'll definitely be back to try their daily dinner specials. Prices are good. I would have given 5 stars, but the bar atmosphere did take away from the dining. Give it a try!
5	Great bar ... Everything you could want in a neighborhood pub ... People are great and friendly and life is good at the end if the day.
2	Chicken fingers were good. The ribeye was good. Nice portions. Clean bathroom. Attentive staff. Not extra smoky. Open 24 hours. Small yet varied menu. Will probably be on our late night munchies list.
2	Bar food... Yah that's what it is. What can I say besides it was slightly higher quality then bar food. Because technically it is bar food. The only thing that I most enjoyed, was getting to sit outside in the private dining area and not having to smell the smoke while eating breakfast. Being an ex-smoker, it doesn't bother me when people smoke around me, just when I have to smell it while trying to enjoy the taste of my food. Isn't a big part of the taste of food based off of the sense of smell as well? They had brunch specials that day for Father's Day, so I tried the Belgian Waffle with fruit. Which also came with eggs, bacon and potatoes. I also asked for an English muffin on the side. The waffle was slightly overcooked, but the fruit on top was delicious. The English muffin tasted stale and the bacon was a little under cooked for me. I guess I am a spoiled brat now when it comes to food, but this just wasn't satisfying. What really disappoints me is when foreign items are found in food that should not be. My son had a hair that was cooked TO his French fry and a couple days later I heard another person in our party also found a hair in their meal. We were pretty much done eating after that discovery. Sadly hubby left hungry still and I can say we will never return.
1	Went there for breakfast with a friend of mine. Ordered 3 eggs over easy with wheat toast and bacon and hashbrowns. Eggs came out fried hard. We were sitting at the bar. I asked bartender if she could send them back please and she said cook was making some new ones? I got the next order and it was worse than before!! I'll never go back there! Brit the bartender was assume. The cook is awful. And I can't believe messed up my eggs twice!!! Ugh
5	We eat here a lot. Breakfast for $4 before 11:00 am. Always a few lunch specials and Always dinner specials. Breakfast 24 hours.  Clean eating area and bar. Food servers are friendly and will bring extra salad dressings or whatever is needed.  The chopped chicken salad and the Oriential Chinese chicken salads are HUGE and delicious.  Dressings are home made not bottled. Stephanie and Wendy are really on top of making everyone feel welcome.
5	Half price pizzas and apps after midnight! Tim is super! My boy and I always have great conversation with him and he is so laid back. The first time I was here I didn't know how big the apps were. We always get chicken strips and fries, which is plenty for 2 people with the munchies. Havnt hit the royal flush yet :-/
