4	It was good. Food was tasty and we love doing family style so everyone gets plenty of options. Only downside was the $300 bottle of wine we ordered was not good yet the manager didnt seem to care when we said something even before pouring.
5	The restaurant totally made up for the lack of impressivness I got from going to the club the week before.  The service, food, and ambiance is really spectacular in the restaurant.  I have never been to a more perfect date place.  Very intimate and all the food comes out perfectly portioned for two to share.  The waiters were very professional and assisted us with ordering some phenominal dishes.  The veggie dumplings and the veggie assorted platter were perfect starters and then we got noodles and my date got a meat dish which was cooked well, and I got the sweet and sour veggies which were also spectacular.  To round out we got the PB&J which was great and new to my pallet in the way it was put together.  Highly recommended.  Its not too big so don't worry if you are full.  The drinks were tasty as well, we got one signature cocktail each.  The only quip I have (which i wouldn't even fault them for at all) was that the two appetizers came out back to back without any break inbetween.  This made it hard to really clear my pallett to taste each dish seperatly.  But overall what I would expect from the venue.  Dripping high class and perfection in every possible aspect.  I can't wait to return.  Just gotta save up a little money first!
5	Amazing staff.  Everyone was so pleasant and nice and very attentive.  The waitress gave wonderful recommendations and the managers came to check on us many times.  The food was great as well! We ordered many small eats as well as shared 2 dishes for 4 people.  We were going out that night so didn't want to eat too heavy.  Dim sum was amazing as well as the duck salad.I recommend getting their drinks. We didn't like one of them and they had no problem returning it and getting us a different one. Perfect place to have a romantic date or a night out with the girls/guys!
5	Really incredible. If u like Chinese food this is one of the better places in the world for it. Expensive but u won't even noticed when u eat the braised tofu, or champagne cod, or the ribeye. Everything it's just perfect, service amazing to. And cocktails sweet but u have to have them set when u have Chinese food. U can just come to Vegas to eat @ hakkasan. Them go back home. That's what I did. Cheers
5	I am simply in love with Hakkasan! The restaurant is dark and intimate with lots of dark carved wood. The table sections are separated with carved wooden walls creating an exclusive and private setting.My friends and I sampled a few of their best menu items and the must-order was the Crispy Duck Salad it was so delicious. In fact, remembering it right now is making my mouth water. Another one of their best dishes would be the Mongolian Style Beef Tenderloin. It just melts in your mouth! Not to mention their mouth-watering cocktails of which we had The Hakka, their signature drink with coconut, passion fruit and lychee juice. Green Destiny was a very fresh cocktail with cucumber, kiwi, and apple juice and Agave No. 8 a tequila cocktail with orange, lime, and cinnamon. We finished off our meal with two desserts 'PB&J' which is a peanut butter parfait. It was a five-star upgrade of any peanut butter delicacy that you have had in your life. It had sour cherry jam, banana & passion fruit sorbet. What an explosion of flavors!! We also had the Exotic Fruit Platter. The plate presentation was a work of art. Too bad I was too busy eating to take pictures!!Big thanks go to our server Jen who knew the menu inside and out and described everything intricately. Every other server who came to our table was very knowledgeable as well. They all painted a picture of every dish as they set it down on the table and our expectations were met (if not exceeded) every single time. We will definitely come back!
4	I have been hearing fabulous things about the new nightlife mecca that is Hakkasan long before it's opening this past April. My friend does PR for the brand and I grew up in Las Vegas, so any new opening  is exciting and warrants a trip home to see what all the buzz is about.  We made reservations weeks before, and had planned to eat around 8:30 on Saturday before entering the club later to see Tiesto. It is a bit tricky to find/enter the restaurant, because you have to walk through the entirety of the massive MGM casino floor to the other side, and navigate the signs and ropes that herd the club-goers into their appropriate lines to find a little opening that says "restaurant".  Inside, blue lights glow and 4 hostesses wait behind a lobby desk to check you in. The service is impeccable from the start, and although we were a few minutes late (leave about 15 minutes to walk through the MGM), we were seated right away. The restaurant takes up the first 2 floors of the 5 story Hakkasan space, and the interior is breathtaking.  While the restaurant is huge, it is broken up into intimate spaces by an endless web of intricately woven wooden panels stationed horizontally and vertically. The walls glow blue, and the dark wood decor is tasteful and elegant. The menu is vast, and is broken up into sections i.e. Meat, Fish, Veggies, Starch, etc. like a standard Chinese restaurant, but we asked our server for recommendations.  We started with the Crispy Duck Salad which is one of their renowned items and for good reason. The duck alone is divine, it is poached and steamed in a chinese spice mixture for hours before being fried in rice flour, then added to a plum dressing mixture with greens, pine nuts, pomelos, and more mouth-watering ingredients. It was truly astonishing how amazing it was. Next came the Sesame Shrimp Toast w/ Foie Gras which I was most excited about, since CA has outlawed the delectable delicacy, but I was greatly disappointed. The dish was 4 hearty spheres of a solid shrimp mixture completely coated in sesame seeds.  Supposedly when we bit into them, foie gras would ooze out but that was not the case. If there was foie gras in there, we did not find it. Disappointing and bland. Next we ordered a cup of Hot & Sour soup, a dish my boyfriend and I both love and were curious to see how Hakkasan interpreted it. It was good, different though... it had a sweet and almost fishy flavor to the broth. For our larger dishes we ordered the Black Pepper Rib-eye Merlot Stir-fry which came with sauteed onions and garlic and was absolutely out of this world.  Some of the most tender steak I've had in general, and was a wonderful experience to have that flavor and texture in a stir-fry dish.  We also ordered the Sweet & Sour Pork which was fresh and very flavorful.  We had wanted to order the fried crab appetizer and a veggie dish as well, but realized quickly we were getting very full because we foolishly had a snack at the Todd English Pub around 5:30 pm (more on that later!). I wish we could have sampled more dishes and cocktails...I only tried the Hakka which was vodka and sake mixed with passion fruit and lychee juice and was absolutely incredible. The menu provides plenty of options for a fantastic meal, for 2 our bill was about $137. There are also specialty dishes with abalone and caviar and some seafood dishes that can run up to $400, so clearly it depends what you order. I believe the average cocktail is $15-18, although they also offer about 5 for $120. So, you can choose what type of experience you wish to have, although dining at Hakkasan alone is absolutely an indulgent and upscale experience.Our waitress Catalina was the most gracious, helpful, and genuinely fantastic server we have had in years, she really helped make our experience memorable. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu, hopefully I will in 3 weeks when I'm back in my home away from home!
5	Unbelievable Goodness!  Got a last minute reservation and was utterly satisfied! From the moment we were greeted at the door to our food being delivered at our table, it was fantastic!  Order a quite a few of the recommended items that our server had suggested and to no fail, it was all GREAT!  Everything was a standout, but the Roasted Duck w/ kumquats, Hakka Noodles, Silver Cod with Champagne and the Strawberries with Champagne was my favorites! Will definitely go back when I'm in Vegas!  I'll need to try the rest of the menu!
1	This review is for the restaurant only. Please come here for dinner with a reservation if you would like to be treated like shit by both staff and management. In a town with hundreds of restaurants competing for business you would think they would consider customer service an important part of the customer experience. Especially since they are new here. We arrived this past Sunday evening at 9:32 PM for our 9:15 reservation for two people. Yes, we were late by 17 minutes. Hostess: Can I help you?Me: Yes, reservation for David.Hostess: What time?Me: 9:15Hostess: This reservation was cancelled after 15 minutes because you did not arrive on time. Me: OK, can we be seated still?Hostess: I don't have anything. Just a moment.At this point my wife says to me "let's go".  I take a walk back into the restaurant and see that about 25% of the tables are empty. This is a Sunday night at 9:30PM.  I come back and the hostess ignores me. I tell my wife that the hostess is a bitch and we should probably just go. We leave. As we enter the MGM casino a man starts yelling my name out loud. He chases us down and says he's the manager and asks why I called his hostess a bitch. Instead of being concerned that we are leaving without ever experiencing their restaurant he takes my private conversation with my wife and accuses me of calling their hostess a bitch. I would never do that and told him so. He continued to ask why I bothered his hostess. Very unprofessional, very harassing, we walked away and told him we were treated poorly and would be sharing our experience on YELP!  My wife's first intuition was to leave. I thought we would give them a chance to seat us but I was wrong. As usual my wife was correct.
5	Came here on the weekend to see Bingo Players perform! The place opened up recently so it was all brand spanking new. The decor was more chic and modern than the other older clubs which was nice to see. What caught my eye were the intense laser thing they had going on above the dance floor. With the crazy lasers and the dancers looking like something from a cirque du soleil  show, it reminded me of a rave. The place was pretty crowded but we got bottle service at the top floor which was amazing. We had a table right at the middle so we overlooked the whole dance floor and had the dancers across from us with the lasers going crazy between us and the crowd on the main dance floor. The top floor was very spacious and although we had a large group, we had plenty of room to sit around comfortably or to dance. The top floor was much less packed and had a bathroom which not as many people were using which was also nice. The experience was much better since we had bottle service though. It did look quite packed on the dance floor downstairs so maybe it would have been different if we just went in with general admission.
3	The food is Good But way too expensive for what you get.  Essentially, this place serves elevated Chinese food.  They make what seem to be traditional Chinese dishes with elevated ingredients.   It sounds great, but I am not sure it was that much more amazing than what we would have gotten at our favorite Chinese restaurant back home.   Our final bill for two came out to $170 with tip, and back home a similar meal would have been $45 at most.   And to put it into perspective, we didn't order any of the more expensive items.   We got a  Beef Dish, A chicken dish, and an appetizer and a desert.  All the dishes were good.    I can understand that better ingredients warrant a higher price but this was a bit much.  If the prices were more reasonable, I would have given it a higher rating..     I will admit that the service was amazing.  There were multiple servers all concerned with every aspect of the meal.  The decor was amazing, it almost seemed like a cirque du soleil Set.
5	I had a really fun dinner here on Saturday night with four girlfriends. This is the perfect spot for dinner before a night out. We shared several things but the highlights were the seabass, the vegetarian dim sum, the sweet and spicy lobster and the chive noodles. Skip the truffle duck. It was a huge disappointment. Cocktails were sweet and strong and the wine we ordered was great. Our server, Brian, was excellent. The macaroons were surprisingly good, albeit a bit random for a Chinese restaurant. After dinner head to the lounge and then the club. Sure to make for a great Vegas evening!
3	I tried Hakkasan Vegas for the first time last Friday (6/21/13) and was a bit underwhelmed. The entrance to the restaurant is somewhat odd as it is right next to the nightclub entrance - with hoards of people lined up waiting to party, it doesn't feel very welcoming as a restaurant. When we made it inside, the hostesses were really nice. We had arrived early so we had a few drinks at the bar while we waited.The bar is arranged pretty terribly. It is a tiny bar against the back wall probably big enough for about 10 crowded stools. Considering the number of people who probably have a drink while waiting to eat, they should have made it more spacious. The drinks, on the other hand, were a standout. We tried quite a few of the specialty cocktails and all were absolutely delicious!! (Be prepared that they are quite pricey.)The layout of the restaurant itself is also odd. It felt like being inside of a bento box! Sets of a few tables were cordoned off with high walls so that you felt like you were walking through a maze to get to your table. I'm sure they did it to give it an intimate feel, but it took away from the high-energy club feel which I actually went there hoping for.The food was pretty good - I give it a solid three stars. Had I not known the chef who started it had a Michelin star at his other place, I would have been pleasantly surprised by how good it was and probably given four stars. However, I went in hoping for food that was more innovative and special. Still, everything was tasty and we were really happy! We sampled 9 items from the menu (plus dessert), and the crispy duck salad appetizer was my absolute favorite.I enjoyed it, but wouldn't be the one to suggest going back.
4	It was a great meal, with awesome service.  For a drink make sure you get the Hakka.  Loved the fact that we were escorted up the back to the nightclub instead of having to go outside.  I still prefer the Miami location though.
5	I went to Hakkasan with a friend so we could check out the restaurant. The decor and ambiance was fabulous. Definitely unlike any other restaurant I've seen in Vegas. The food, while relatively small in portions, was quite tasty, and the service was excellent.
3	3.68991234 stars.  I have some serious personal issues with spending as much as I did on Chinese food for 2.  I just imagine my Taiwanese mother looking at this menu and freaking over things like $18 stir fried noodles (with no meat nonetheless) and $28 for essentially 8 dumplings (albeit very good ones) .  But alas...happy wife, happy life!  She really enjoyed the dinner and preferred this over Tao.  I disagree.  Don't get me wrong.  There were a couple of excellent dishes but it's simply the principle of paying this much for it that endlessly irks me.  So let's start with those:OUTSTANDING DISHES:Crispy Duck Salad:  My Hakkasan host recommended this dish to me a week before.  The server said it was her favorite thing on the menu.  Who am I to argue?  It was the best thing we had.  The duck was cooked perfectly and combining it with greens, pomegranate, pomelo and pine nuts made for a super tasty dish.  I am pretty sure I will order this every time I dine here.  It won't be many more unless I am getting comped but this is a MUST HAVE.  Stir-fried Black Pepper Beef Ribeye with Merlot:  Love Me Tender.  Tender is the night.  Tender Love.  Time, Love and Tenderness.  Tenderoni.  I would've included "Try a Little Tenderness" but there was nothing little about this.  It was A LOT of tenderness.  Every freakin morsel was juicy and delectable.  I also liked that they included big pieces of garlic mixed in.  To fully enjoy this dish, you should order a side of jasmine rice for $2.  DECENT:Hakka Steamed Dim Sum Platter:  I won't go into the names of them all but there was shrimp, fish, scallop and duck.  The fish was ground up and then secured in a black squid ink wrap.  The scallop had a little ikura on top which was a nice touch.  I chose to eat the majority of these dumplings straight without sauce to get the full taste of it.  They offered 3 sauces with them but vinegar would have been nice as Yelper Cynthia C. mentioned in her review.The cocktails were also decent but I forget the names of them.DON'T EVEN BOTHER:To sum it up, go for the stuff you can't get in a regular above average Chinese restaurant. Four Style Vegetable in sweet Szechuan sauce:  I didn't plan on ordering this but the server recommended it.  We had also been eating a little more unhealthy than usual that week so both of us thought a few veggies would help.  This was a joke.  The sweet and spice didn't work and the medley of asparagus, shimeji mushroom, yam bean (had the consistency of apple) and tofu was weird for me.  Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chive: I was recommended this dish before coming and I got it even though I was still skeptical.  This would've been good if it were $5 but not $18.  The food wasn't the only thing going on here.  I liked how the tables were sectioned off to handle small and larger parties.  The atmosphere was pretty chill at the time we were there (7pm Saturday) but I imagine it might get a little more rockin later in the evening.  The service was surprisingly excellent and our main server was incredibly nice.  They also offered some tasting courses that looked pretty interesting but you had to have a minimum of 4 to do it.  I don't regret coming here but there are a lot of better options at this price point in the MGM like Craftsteak.
5	The restaurant ambiance is a four. The food is a five. The cocktails are a five. Our waitress was an 11.
5	WAY better than the club.. given the restaurant is definitely on the pricer side.. I'd say if you put aside the prices probably the best asian fusion i've had.. (better than mission chinese, geisha house, and the usual suspects) Try to Hakka Noodles, duck salad, beef rib chunks, all of which were amazing! Service was very attentive and knowing that I was hungry.. they rushed orders and didn't make us wait like every other fancier restaurant.OH yea!! foie gras shrimp balls... omg... wish they had more foie gras.. but still to DIE for Also make sure to try their exotic fruit platter.
5	This is a damn good restaurant, I can see where all the hype comes from.  Multiple people in past months have told me that Hakkasan serves some of the best food they have ever had, I had a hard time believing that until yesterday.  The food is exceptional.  My fear was that the plates were going to be small and that I would have to order a lot to get full, but quite honestly, as long as you order one small and one large entree, you should be fine.Highlights for me (carnivore) were the duck salad and the rib eye entree.  Good lord, the duck salad does not look very appetizing when it first comes out, but oh my it was good.  It almost looks like the duck is on a bed of dry grass (looks strange), but do not worry, for a party is about to start in your mouth!!  Clean pieces of crispy duck accompanied with those greens (not really sure what kind they were) with fruit like pomegranate.  The salad was lightly dressed, didn't need help with much of a heavy dressing.  Simple, clean flavors, wow!The rib eye, I have never had rib eye this tender in my whole life.  I need to learn how they prepare it, very exceptional dish.  Cocktails done right!  I suggest the Broken Promise if you are into bourbon.Happy dining!!
2	When you first arrive, the line for the restaurant is far left from all the clubs' lines. Once my group of six arrived, we went up to the hostess earlier than our scheduled reservation. Unfortunately, we were not seated until almost an hour after while we had to wait for a table along with other groups who had arrived on time as well. You may get a free drink at the bar if they know your waiting but other than that you are waiting in a small space with no chairs where all the workers are scurrying through. Once you are seated it is very hard to get someone to recognize you're there. At least three times did someone from our table have to retrieve the server. We all ordered the pre-fixed menu and if you want to take the dessert home forget it. They said it's specially made and cannot fit in a take out box. What that means I do not know. The food is very good just not worth their prices but it is Las Vegas. We had tickets to see Tiesto that night and you do not have to wait in line if you're coming from dinner. However, The servers and hosts are not on the same page about who exactly takes the group to the club area making you go back and forth. In the end I could go to Vegas a million more times and not care to comehere again.
4	My husband and I were in Vegas last weekend and loved our dinner experience at Hakkasan. Believe me, I came in to the experience with my guard up, thinking that the food would be average at best, with all the hype just because of the big name DJs. I was totally wrong. We had a drink at the bar before we got seated and, as you might, expect, there was a great vibe going on. Really tasty cocktails on the menu at typical Vegas prices. We got seated very close to our reservation time and our waitress was a totaly sweetheart. No attitude, nor did she rush us. I can't really remember exactly what we ate, but all of it was amazing, especially the dim sum appetizer. I would absolutely go back to Hakkasan and would like to check it out in another city.
5	Rave reviews about the London location led me to Hakkasan for my birthday dinner, and it did not disappoint. The best word to describe the hip night club/ Asian fusion restaurant is SUAVE. Dim blue lights illuminate the modern Asian decor that surrounds you while highly trained (and fully clothed--a rarity in Vegas) staff serve you cocktails, dinner, and deserts that are to die for! This was hands down the best Asian fusion meal I have ever had, and I cannot wait to go back.Highlights:- Pink Mojito- Quail appetizer- Roasted Duck- Seared Scallops
5	This place is amazing! Their dim sum, duck salad, and basically everything is super delicious! Its a must try! Also the waitress was very knowledgeable and friendly!
4	London-based Hakkasan first appeared strong on my radar when it opened in San Francisco late last year. I had heard great reviews but just couldn't fit it in while I was up there during Christmas. That location was the tenth in the worldwide chain, known for its high-end Chinese cuisine; in fact, two of its locations (NYC and London) have garnered Michelin stars, a relative rarity for a Chinese restaurant. Hakkasan's eleventh location marks its biggest splash of all, with a $100 million, 5-floor, 75,000 square-foot restaurant/nightclub. Literally and figuratively, it's Las Vegas' biggest opening this year.Our meal began with a colorful lineup of cocktails - two alcoholic and two non-alcoholic (pictured left to right).Eden black grapes, rose sugar, lychee juice, soda waterThe Chinese Mule ketel one vodka, masumi junmai sake, cilantro, ginger, lime, ginger beerThe Hakka belvedere vodka, masumi okuden junmai sake, coconut, passion fruit, lychee juiceMandarine Sunshine kumquats, apple, ginger, fever-tree ginger aleWe each enjoyed our drinks. I had the Chinese mule, their Asian twist on the classic. I thoroughly enjoy cocktails with savory ingredients, and this was no exception.As with many Chinese restaurants, the menu at Hakkasan is fairly vast. We picked out one item from each section of the menu focusing in on the house specialties (signified by the Hakkasan logo).Salt and Pepper Squid - The salt and pepper squid was a relatively simple dish not unlike one you'd get at a typical Chinese restaurant. Tender squid was covered in a crispy batter with much of the flavor coming from fried chilies and shallots. Whereas I find this dish to be somewhat inconsistently prepared across restaurants, this one was well-executed.Crispy Duck Salad with pomegranate, pine nut and shallot - The server highly recommended this, spending a good five minutes selling us on it. The duck was pretty tasty, with a crispy skin that held up with the lightly dressed salad. A little bit of pomegranate seeds and fried lotus root added some additional texture. We all thought this was a great, well-balanced dish.Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with Chinese honey - This was one of the best dishes of the evening, a succulent piece of fish roasted in honey. The earthiness and texture of fried mushrooms was the main accompaniment, but the real star was the rich, moist fish.Pipa Duck - This was another highlight, simple but very well done. Thin strips of sweet duck were served with its own crisp skin. I think some of the fat was trimmed, leaving a nice balance of meat-fat-skin in these delicious pieces.Stir-Fry Black Pepper Beef Ribeye with Merlot - The beef here was very tender, similar to a tenderloin in texture. A savory sauce didn't add a ton of flavor to the meat, but they were tasty chunks of meat nonetheless. Note to self: the woven fried noodle 'basket' isn't really edible.Three-Style Mushroom Stir-Fry with macadamia nut, gai lan stalks and water chestnut - This dish was more interesting texturally than flavor-wise. Assorted chewy mushrooms and crunchy stalks of gai lan made for some lighter bites in between the meat and fish.French Beans with minced pork and dried shrimp - Dried shrimp and a porky flavor stood out with these beans, cooked just enough to be tender with a firm snap to them. A very nice side dish.Hakka Noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chives - Our primary starch component, in addition to Jasmine rice, was this dish of stir fried noodles. They were good with a light spice, though altogether unspectacular.Upon completion of the savory dishes, we ordered a trio of sweet ones.'PB&J' peanut butter parfait, sour cherry jam, banana and passion fruit sorbetChocolate and Black Sesame Cremeux sesame florentine, yuzu ice creamStrawberries & Champagne vanilla panna cotta, organic strawberries, rhubarb, Champagne foamEach of these were beautifully plated. My brother got the PB&J, featuring rich peanut butter and sour cherry flavors, complemented by passion fruit sorbet. My dad opted for the chocolate and black sesame dessert, with creamy flavors accented by a bright yuzu ice cream. My mother went lighter with the vanilla panna cotta topped with Harry's Berries strawberries, an interesting Champagne foam, and a crumble for texture. And me? I just got an extra spoon to sample each. My favorite was the last one.The food was as beautiful as the decor, and just about everything was pretty tasty. The cuisine primarily stays true to traditional Chinese, not moving towards more Western fusion influences that a lot of other high-end Asian restaurants do. As a result, the food felt very comfortable in a way; but make no mistake, it was also significantly more refined than the average Chinese restaurant (and the prices reflect that).
4	We were really looking forward to our visit and enjoyed our meal. Best thing about the place is the vibe...loud and "clubby"...would be a great place for a group. Food was great (should be for the price!!). Duck salad is a MUST...we also had the merlot beef and hakka noodles...both were pretty good, but nothing super special, Lemon chicken was also tasty, but sauce was very sweet. Drink menu was super creative. We had the Broken Promise bourbon cocktail and Saffron Poire. Saffron flavor was amazing but the drink was so rich I could only drink a few sips. Great spot, four stars for the overall experience and especially the ambience.
5	We selected this place because we had tickets to see the DJ upstairs for later that evening. Great restaurant! Decor and atmosphere are awesome. We enjoyed more cocktails upstairs before heading into see Tiesto at the club. Overall a wonderful experience! If you go up to the lounge - see the bartender named Barrie. She's super friendly and a great person to chat with! Also makes a great Hakka!Had: Stir-fry mushroom lettuce wrap - delicious!Wok-fry New Zealand lamb chop with XO BBQ sauce - very goodRoast chicken with satay sauce - again delicous!Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chive V - cooked perfectly!Strawberries & Champagne - great panna cota!Drank:The Hakka and the Green Destiny - BOTH ARE SUPERB - preferred the Green Destiny because of it's sweetness and the Bison Grass Vodka.
3	While people will swear to this cuisine's authenticity, it feels a bit overhyped. Almost like they're trying too hard. The flavor is there, but the techniques feel very Americanized. The portion/dish sizes are also very small for the price you pay. Depending on your party size and appetite, you could be looking at 1.5-2 dishes per person.The menu is inspired by Cantonese and Szechuan cuisines, but feels more fusion than anything else. Don't get me wrong; you'll find some legit dishes here. But most of them have been adjusted for the American palette.There's also a DJ bumping club hits so I couldn't help but bounce my head all throughout dinner...
5	OMG. So good! Start out with the Hakka, their signature cocktail. We got the steamed Dim Sum, the scallops, the truffle noodles and the crispy duck rolls. Impeccable service, great ambiance and so yummy!
3	We only chose to go here because when you eat there your club entry is free and you don't have to wait in line. So we figured why not kill 2 birds with 1 stone? Mehh the food was average I wasn't very impressed. We asked the waiter if we could exempt the fish out of the chicken and fish stir fry and he said no it's not possible it comes that way. Huh? So you mean my stir fry rice is coming in a  pre-made bag? That's gross. The only other option for stir fry rice was eggs and scallions so we opted for the white rice. Order 2 bowls per person- one was definitely not enough, unless you're fancy and enjoy those super small portions. We ordered the crispy quail- pretty good. Lemon chicken- bland. And the sweet and sour pork- good! I also ordered a Green Destiny- amazing. I'm a smoothie drinker on the regular so those veggie fruit tasting drinks are right up my ally.
3	Boyfriend and I wanted something special, so when we saw that Hakkasan was located in the hotel we were staying at, we decided to try it out. Based on reviews, we tried their famous Duck salad with pomegranate, pine nuts, and sprouts The braised duck was super tender, but overly salty because of the sauce, but the pomegranate and pine nuts was a nice touch to the salad. The next option was the deep fried scallops with chili mango sauce which ended up being the only star dish of the night. You get a slight crispy outside with perfectly cooked scallops and the sauce was sweet and spicy. Boyfriend ordered the signature Hakkasan cocktail and that ended up being very delicious, so I would recommend it. Third dish was the pea sprouts and crab sauce which was very bland and didn't live up to it's hype. The crab sauce lacked flavor, so imagine a bland sauce on top of bland vegetables, it wasn't worth the price. The 4th dish received mixed reviews, we loved the tender and juicy fillet tenderloin, but we weren't impressed with how extremely salty it was. Supposedly their intent was to create an edible fried funnel cake like garnish under the tenderloin, but the batter was bland, hard, and inedible. When we told our server, he didn't even do anything about it or apologize! For the price we were paying, I expected better quality and service. To us, these dishes are described in an exotic way; however, if you really think about it, these are just typical Asian dishes that you can make at home. Overall, we were very disappointed with our food adventure and will only return for the scallops and drinks.
2	i hate paying a lot for mediocre chinese food.  we came w/ a group of about 18, so we had to get the prix fixe menu for $118.  the portions were sooo small, and i was barely full.  for apps, we had the fried dim sum sampler, short ribs and scallops.  there was basically one rib to share and then one scallop for each person.  the dim sum were pretty good.  the entrees were even smaller.  the prawns in claypot consisted mainly of onions, and there was not even a prawn for each person.  the duck was the thinnest, least meaty duck i've ever had.  the seabass was by far the best dish, but i wish there was more of it.  the beef was good, but it was like one piece of steak for 5 people to share.  the only dish that came in abundance was the fried rice, which was more like white rice w/ some salt on it.there were 2 desserts, a coconut pudding w/ caramelized pineapple and a choc thing which looked like a kit kat bar.  again...small.  after drinks, tax and tip, it was $200 a person.  what a ripoff.  flavors were fine, hence more than 1 star, but i would never go back.
4	Hubby took me there for my birthday last weekend and it was wonderful. Decor and ambience get full marks. The place has a young, trendy vibe. Music is loud so do not expect to have an intimate conversation. The food was excellent. Well cooked and well presented. I take umbrage at people who say the portions are small, The Cheesecake Factory this is not! People are so used to massive quantities of poor quality food that they fail to recognize a good thing when they see it. I'm not saying the place isnt pricey, it is. But the quality of food makes up for it. And the portions are just right for an individual. You dont leave the table feeling stuffed and that's how it should be. The one star I have taken off is for the dessert. It was hugely underwhelming. I ordered the Strawberries and Cream Champagne with high expectations. Dessert is a very important part of the meal and this was a huge let-down for me. I barely got through a fourth of it. The strawberries were sour, the pannacotta tasteless and the dry biscuit powder was, well, dry powder. All of this thrown carelessly in a glass was not appealing on any level. Drinks -I tried all their bellinis (3 flavours) and guava was my favourite. Main course -  My husband had a roasted duck in honey-mustard that was to die for.
3	Having heard about Hakkasan from friends in London and Hong Kong, I was excited to dine at the restaurant with my friends. As a vegetarian, I was impressed not only by the large variety of vegetarian options at the restaurant, but also by the relative authentic flavor of the dishes. Without doubt, Hakkasan is a restaurant that is friendly to both vegetarians and carnivores. All my friends agreed the soup in Hakkasan are authentic and well executed, and they highly recommend the soup to Yelpers. Their favorites are chicken soup and the lobster soup. The former composes of red dates, black chicken and several Chinese medicine ingredients. According to one of my friends, she never had this soup outside of China, and was impressed by Hakkasan's effort in creating this dish. Another friend of mine also greatly enjoyed the lobster soup, which had lobster, tofu and mushroom. In her perspective, the mushroom enhances the flavor, while the tofu complexes the textures. For vegetarian Yelpers, I recommend the mushroom lettuce wrap, which is a refreshing alternative to the tofu lettuce wrap. While the pine nuts increases the texture of the dish, I suggest the chef increasing the ratio of mushroom to pine nuts in order to further enhance the flavor. I appreciate the waitress promptly refiling the lettuce for me. The vegetarian dim sum platter is a beautifully decorated dish that I would suggest sharing amongst friends. Although each dim sum was well executed, it tasted very similar to each other. All the dim sum were mainly composed of mushroom and used similar sauce. I recommend the chef increasing the variety of ingredients and sauce for the dim sum platter. While my friends and I greatly enjoyed the food at Hakkasan, we recommend the manager to provide more training to the waitresses. Our waitress was attentive, but she did not seem to know the menu well and asked my friend repeatedly where she saw fresh lemonade as a drink. As the lemonade was advertised as fresh, I hope Hakkasan will provide fresh juice instead of the sparkling lemonade in the future. I recommend Hakkasan to friends and couples, who are looking for a Chinese restaurant with well-executed food and a hip vibe.Tip for Yelpers:You can stop by the reception of the restaurant to make reservations throughout the day, if you are not able to reach the hostess via phone.
4	The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is I thought the food was extremely overpriced --even for a nice place like Hakkasan-- especially the dim sum (which was one of the very few dishes that didn't taste great). Otherwise, most everything on that menu was REALLY, REALLY GOOOOOD--and I don't even like Chinese food! :PStandouts include tofu & eggplant claypot, duck salad, and roasted silver cod with Champagne and Chinese honey. That silver cod was the group's favorite.As for cocktails, the Hakka is to die for! It's sweet and strong! I loved it!Service is excellent!!! THEY WILL EVEN CHARGE YOUR CELLPHONE WHILE YOU EAT! Can't say I will be back because there are better tasting Chinese restaurants in Vegas (like at the Wynn and Encore). However, dining at Hakkasan and heading over for a little Calvin Harris action is an experience in and of itself. So, for me, it's a "maybe" I will be back for food.
5	Okay, people...I am reading a lot of complaining about the serving size and cost!First of all, the service is awesome.  They will do just about anything to make sure you are enjoying your visit. The food is excellent, every dish has it's own flavor and is served in gourmet fashion.  Eating here is an experience. The drinks are wonderfully crafted.  Now, of course you don't want to spend a fortune.  Good food is good food and if you want excellence and elegance you pay for it.If you can't afford it, go to P.F. Chang's and enjoy your bill...
3	Went to Hakkasan Labor Day weekend on a Saturday night, it was not crazy busy and we were seated right away, group of 8 of us.  The food was good and so were the drinks, the inside atmosphere is very nice, dim lighting and not too congested.  Tables are separate from each other so you are not sitting on top of one another.  We ordered a ton of dishes and ate them all up!!! I would give it 5 stars but when it comes to Asian Fusion nothing beats Zuma Miami so my 5 stars are saved for Zuma!  After dinner we headed up to the lounge had some more drinks and called it a night.  The drinks at the lounge are pricey but it is Las Vegas and I'm used to the prices since Chicago is not any better.  I would recommend going to Hakkasan and trying it out!
2	Drinks were unique and delicious, but like everything in Vegas, wildly overpriced.  The food was not memorable at all. As we were eating, we agreed that the high ratings must come from people who enjoyed the atmosphere, which was nice.  We tried 5 or 6 dishes, including the famous duck salad. None of them were worth repeating. Tasty drinks and great service, but food is grossly underwhelming.
5	Again, an amazing dinner! We've dinned here last may and a few days ago. Both experiences met our expectations.The great service starts at the moment your reservation is made. Not only asking for the occassion, but also inquiring for any special preferences and allergies.I can't remember what we ate last may, so I'll focus on the last visit (this week). From last may I only remember that my love had something with duck (of course, he always does) and we had a nice Viognier. And, the server accidentally brought us a wrong dish. Not knowing what we could expect we started eating thinking it was the right dish. The waitress noticed it and made sure we also had the dish we ordered. Quickly. And the wrongly served dish was not charged. Nice way to make up for mistakes.So, this week, party of three. We decided to share 2 appetizers, take 3 entrees and a side dish. But, between deciding that and determining what to take.......Pff..The Hakkasan has a very extensive menu and we had different wishes (yes/no to fish, yes/no bones) and my culinary English is (I think) pretty good but there parts of the menu that weren't completely clear like har gau. But this was no problem for the waitress, she took al the time to help me enhance my vocabulary. Finally we orderded the short ribs and the dim sum as appetizers. Bot excellent. The only thing that can be remarked is that the staff takes the meat from the bone at the table. That didn't look very professionel. They should start with given the waitresses a little bit more of practice and a sharper knife (the lady used standerd, not very sharp cutlery). I really feared that it whould end up on my dress..........We had the Pipa Duck, the Shanghai lamb tenderloin and the beef with Merlot as entrees and the Udon Noodles with duck as a side. All entrees were excellent. Nicely presented and a normal portion. Only the pipa was not that much. We all agreed that we liked the beef with Merlot most of all. very tender meat, nicely seasoned. The pipa duck was as remarked, a very small portion. Excellent flavours, but because it resembles Peking Duck so much I think we will not order that again. The Shangai lamb was also good, altough some peoplie might think it's a little hot. One member of the party suggested a Pinot Grigio as a wine to start with. We ended up choosing one from Italy and drinking this with the entire meal.We skipped desserts, because I remembed from last may that once you eaten real European style macarons (La Duree....to die for) American's macarons just don't match up. Not chewy enough, not enough 'macaron-blood' in their veins ;). So we just ordered coffee (and a cointreau). This was the only dissapointment of the evening. Don't order coffee. My love send his cappucino back the first time and yes, it was better the second time around, but not what you'll expect after the amazing dishes. Same thing applied for the lattes.Sure, this luxery doesn't come cheap. But I rather pay a little bit more for a nice ambience, good service and excellent food than just fill my stomach. And if you're a little aware of the prices you can have an excellent dinner for an fair price. We ended up with a check of $330 (including gratuity) for 3 persons. Not too bad. (Note: I'm no native speaker so please excuse all grammar and spelling mistakes).
5	Had fish. Definitely recommend the grouper. Not a huge portion and very well presented and the flavor was just right. Service as expected was excellent. If you eat at the restaurant you can go straight to the club. A perfect end to a weekend night.
4	The service was impeccable. It was 6 nurses in town for a conference and our server Caitlin answered all our questions and helped us decide on our meals. The sea bass and the pork belly in a clay pot were amazing. The Hakka cocktail and lychee martini were favorites. I know people complain about the price, but the quality of the food is worth it.
5	Ummm ...seriously it will probably take me a few hours just to start this review as I am still in a food coma from Friday night when we all dined at Hakkasan.We made a reservation and were seated immediately, cha-ching. We were all overwhelmed with the menu as honestly EVERYTHING looked spectacular. At the recommendation of our waiter as well as a friend, we ordered:* duck salad - umm yeah so when our friend said "oh you guys should try this" we were all like mmm yeah...duck...about that.... None were interested to try this at all. I am NOT a fan of duck...not just like the polite "oh no thank you" but the like "get that away from me". When it arrived, I was looking over like "should I try it? What do I do?" Everyone else was eating it. I'm supposed to be the foodie over here...Ahh. So I caved. I went for it. Wait for it...wait for it...Hi, I'm Melanie and I now like duck. The flavors all blended together so smoothly that no wonder this is one of their signature dishes. It's scrumptious! A must order. All of us enjoyed it (rare, but then again, it was in a salad, and my friends on the trip only ate salads...women!). I was all like "let's get the fried dumplings" and they're all like "mmm what about a salad?" NO! We are on a vacation and so dumplings we ate...with the salad of course.* hakka steamed dim sum platter - MMMM especially the one with the scallop! AHHH I wanted to order 100 of these. * shanghai dumpling (which I asked them to make steamed rather than fried and they honored this request) - the dipping sauce was out of this world as were the dumplings themselves. I LOVE dumplings...like if there was a word that described love multiplied by 564376724724 to infinity and beyond, I would use that to describe my feelings toward dumplings. It's a sick obsession. Therefore, I have very strict standards of what a dumpling should taste like. Trust me on this one, these dumplings passed the test. I am still dreaming of them.* stir-fry udon noodle with shredded duck and XO sauce (I switched the duck for shrimp which again they honored) this thing was like 12 buck$. If anyone can complain in a Yelp review on here about price and portion size, please don't ever dine at a fine dining restaurant ever again. This portion was bigger than a regular full-size dinner portion and yet was listed on the "sides" menu. It was more than satisfying and honestly if I just had this in itself, I would have probably been full. So it honestly ALL depends what you order and you have to pretty much get a sense of the menu to see what the bigger portions will be (or simply just ask). * steamed red snapper in spicy assam sauce - holy moly. Flavor order-load. You just have to experience it for yourself. Seriously. Do it.* cod...yeah I'm just going to put cod because I can't remember which damn one we got (ugh, what a Yelper I am). Take a gamble on this one folks, you have a 50/50 chance of eating what we ate (although I'm sure the other cod dish is equally as good).* fruit plate....yes as we were adjusting our belts (from all the food) and getting ready for a night filled with laughter and cocktails and all that heartfelt butterfly crap (aka a night on the town in Vegas), then the fruit plate came. It was like a scene out of jaws, you know the "dun dun, dun dun" music was playing in our ears and there it was...almost half the size of my entire body. Ok no, but you get the point. It was huge and SO well presented. I seriously did not want to eat it!!! But we did...and it was like we were so full we were about to burst and just couldn't stop eating it...I don't know what else they put in this fruit place besides, well fruit, but yuuuuuuuum! Fruit never tasted so good.With such an extensive menu, of course you are going to have a huge range of things to order and various prices that go along with the various dishes. If you want to dine on a budget, order one main course and maybe 2 sides. There ya go and now stop complaining, geez. You can find things on the menu that are EXTREMELY expensive...if you are on a budget, here's a tip, don't order it. There are reasonable things as well. However, I wouldn't suggest dining at Hakkasan on a strict budget as you really should order many dishes to get the full experience (but it can be done). AMBIANCE. You just have to check it out for yourself...let's just say: amazing. This was definitely a meal to remember and definitely the next time we come back, our first stop will be Hakkasan.
4	After hearing much about Hakkasan, and how, in terms of popularity and atmosphere it's "the new Tao," we made reservations and checked it out.  We booked over a week in advance, and the earliest reservations we were able to get at Hakkasan were 10:30pm, but in Vegas, who cares!The interior decor in Hakkasan was awesome, it was dark, but had a cool feeling.  Attention to detail was great, including the dragons embroidered on the cushions of the booths. Between 4 of us (who weren't very hungry), we ordered the crispy duck salad, Hakka steamed dim sum platter, Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chives, lamb, and braised pork belly clay pot.  All of the dishes were very good, and I would likely order them again.  The portions were perfect for sharing for 4 people, there was enough for everyone to have a taste of everything, and then some.Standout dishes included the pork belly and the crispy duck.  Not too healthy, but super delicious!The prices were a bit high, but the quality was great, the portions were definitely sufficient, and I think if you were on a budget, you could easily eat for $50/person, which in my opinion is definitely worth it for the Hakkasan experience!I still don't think Hakkasan is as nice as Tao, I like Tao's atmosphere and menu much better, but it's nice to have the choice of Tao and Hakkasan at either end of the strip!
3	Be prepared to spend a lot of money here. The Crispy Duck Salad was good but I'm not sure how it's worth $28. Service was a bit slow and our server was absent for 15 minutes while we were ready to cash out and leave. I like the idea of family style Asian fusion and sharing plates, so there's one benefit. Probably won't be back here anytime soon.
5	Asian place inside of the MGM. Went with a large group, so we had everything family style. Dumpling assortment (excellent), abalone (very good), and duck salad (very good) for appetizer. Mains were lobster sweet and sour (subpar compared to the rest of the meal), some kind of cod (very good), wagyu beef (good), sliced duck breast (excellent) and green beans with pork (good), along with fried rice (OK). Service was excellent and the ambiance was cool. Not cheap though, with some booze it was about $300 a head, but worth it when someone else is paying.
5	We went with high expectations, and we were not disappointed.  If you are seeking a fabulous and trendy atmosphere, this is the place.  Decor is very chic, and the music playing in the background is just at the right volume.  While this is a large room, Asian screen style dividers give the illusion of many small rooms, almost a maze.  Very cool.The service was wonderful, however the food was the best part.  We sampled 3 or 4 small plates and the same in entrees.  All were great, but the Duck Salad and the Chilean Sea Bass with honey were our favorites.  We will definitely go back.
5	Easily in my top 10 meals of all time. Sat at the bar and was in heaven eating dim sum and the crispy duck salad.
2	I was excited to dine here... Until I dined. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by the food--simply mediocre and along the same line of Chinese food I could get for $40 rather than $240. The dim sum was decent but the snapper was dry and the prawns and curry just didn't work for me. The nightclub, to add, felt like a cave and my party and I left shortly after being escorted in. I will say, however, service at the restaurant was excellent.
5	Everything was perfect from the decoration of the restaurant to the server and especially the food and drinks. We tried the tasting menu which went to the Susan G. Komen foundation. It was $70 each. We had the dim sum platter and the lettuce wraps. The lettuce wraps were delish!! For our main course we had stir-fry lobster in XO sauce, spicy prawn, and stir-fry  black pepper ribeye. Our side dishes were pak choi and fried rice. Everything was excellent. The PB&J dessert was amazing! .  After dinner our server took us the lounge were we enjoyed some cocktails. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. Definitely going to come back again.
5	Hakkasan is cray. Cray good. First, let's start with their cocktails. I am not a big drinker, so it was so nice and refreshing to see non-alcoholic cocktails on the menu.  The one called Eden was absolutely delicious -- rose, black grapes, lychee juice....yummmy. I think I am actually going to try to make it at home in LA myself.  I told the bartender to keep them coming (like, I said, cray. I was getting cray with the non-alcoholic cocktails, y'all).Our dinner ended up being about 25 people, so I didn't order for myself. Someone ordered and I just ate..and ate....and ate...well, you get the picture.  The fried dim sum platter was excellent -- the duck was my favorite out of the dim sum.  Scallops in mango/chili sauce were also good, but I kept going back to the fried stuff. As for veggies, we only ordered the sugar snaps, and I would have liked to try something else...like the lotus root, that looked amazing.  Sugar snaps were still good if you like sugar snaps. I mean, who doesn't?The Wagyu beef was really incredible. If you aren't used to the heavy marbleization, then it may be a bit of a shock at first, but don't worry.  You'll love it. Delish.  My favorite meat was the black pepper ribeye in merlot....so so so good. A must try.  We had other dishes that I didn't even get to try because there was so much food on the table, but everyone was raving about every single dish, so I don't think you could go wrong.As for dessert, the coconut pudding was pretty incredible.  We kept calling it paradise in a cup.  We also had the black sesame chocolate one, which was good, but the coconut pudding was better. Loved it.Then we went to the club for bottle service. They walked us all the way in and made sure none of us got lost. I was really happy to have a place to sit because this place is crowded.  So fun and really what Vegas is all about --- amazing food and getting cray.
5	I stumbled upon this place while we are waiting for the Ka show in MGM grand. My wife thought it was a Japanese place just by looking at its name and I thought it was a night club by just looking at its facade. To me and my wife's great surprise, the menu says its an upscale Chinese restaurant and we decided to give it a try.It was the decor that draws us in and it was the food that truly amazes us. The decor itself is a piece of art. Inside of the restaurant resembles traditional Chinese courtyard style with Suzhou style windows and everything.   The menu items are fairly reasonable priced with dishes ranges from 20-50 dollars and they are all family style dishes. There is a section which they called Supreme dishes which is about 3 to 400 dollars per and they are mainly exotic seafood dishes. My wife ordered the Chinese mushroom soup with wolfberry. You can smell the aroma of the mushroom and the soup is very fresh and light. We ordered the Tofu, aubergine and shiitake mushroom claypot in black bean sauce, Mongolian style beef tenderloin and Chicken and salted fish fried rice for our main courses. It was three on the best dishes we've had during our trip to Vegas. The beef tenderlion was VERY tender and juicy and the toufu just melts in your mouth. The best part comes in the form of dessert: Coconut pudding. From its presentation to its taste, it was superb.
1	The service is probably the worst I have ever seen for such a popular restaurant.   So I take my customers there for a fun night of drinking and great food.  It was a disaster!!!  The waiter was very unprofessional and basically screwed up the drinks and apps and a few dinner selections!  The appetizers came out at the wrong time! The dinner was a joke because 1/3 of the party got there dinner with no sides.  30 mins later the sides come with another 1/3 of peoples dinners and one of my clients literally waited for a hour after everyone else had already eaten.  The worst part was that a few members of the dinner left before others even got there dinner because they were sick and tired of waiting.  Who can blame them!  Now let me tell you about the God awful food!  I think i have had better Chinese food at those neon light Chinese food for 99 cents lol.  The Mongolian beef was probably the nastiest food I ever tasted.  It was under cooked and just simply a low grade of food!  When I take out my customers usually I get thank you emails instead I had to write 10 emails saying how embarrassed I was that I took them to such a crappy place!  I will never eat there again and I hope the go out of business!  Very unprofessional, very nasty food, and just no reason to go there!I have called them many times to complain but they make it seem because they gave 200 off my bill which was literally nothing we are even.  Well forget that Until I get an apology I will not stop!
4	Blood orange tequila cocktails are good but super strong, we had to order a side of the blood orange. The food is amazing! Best Chinese food . It's a mix between thai and Chinese.... The hakkah drink was yummy! The waitress said it was super sweet so I asked to have it not as sweet. Good atmosphere.
3	The good- This restaurant is really stunning; breathtaking.The good- Loved the lemongrass veggie dim sum, the spicy shrimp, and the birthday macarons for my girlfriend. Such a  nice complimentary treat.The so-so- The roast chicken with satay was only okay. The flavors didn't "wow" The bad- service was a bit on the lax side, friendly but not as attentive as I would have expected for how dead it was. Our food came out quickly... but a bit before our cocktails.The bad- unfortunately my $18 recommended tequila concoction tasted like straight tequila. I asked for more of the blood orange so we could add it to our drinks, which helped. I was charged $6 for the side!The good- We were escorted into the nightclub. Though it was strange that at our table they asked if we were on a guest list. We were, but I figured they would have waived our cover regardless. We were each given a voucher for a free cocktail inside the club.The good- prices really weren't as bad as I was expecting with most dishes at $20-40 for an entree. Rice and noodles are separate however. Our appetizers were only $12 and were quite large.
5	Went here with a group. I called and made reservations and the person on the phone was friendly and accommodating even when I had to call back and up the number of people in our party. The ambiance was nice (dark, would be good for a date night) and the food was good - definitely not authentic Chinese but delicious nonetheless.
3	I usually try to stay away from the overpriced restaurants on the strip because I can get the same type of quality food anywhere else in Vegas for half the price, but I had some friends in town so I made an exception.Atmosphere 5/5. The low lighting and music, combined with the narrow hallways and open ceilings created a cozy, yet spacious ambiance. Me likey.Employees 5/5. All the hostesses, waiters, etc. were extremely courteous and friendly. Me double likey.Food 3.5/5. Very average. It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't great. I expected some sort of mind-blowing type of dish when I dine somewhere as fancy as Hakkasan but maybe that's because I'm a country bumpkin. No likey, no dislikey.Price 2/5. As far as the bill goes, I wasn't surprised that it came to the amount it had. But because of the fact that the food was extremely average, it didn't justify the amount it came up to. Anywhere else, it would have been half (at least). #firstworldproblemsOverall it was a nice dining experience with top notch service and amenities-but it falls short with the 'slightly' above par food you'd find anywhere at a decent restaurant with a 'not so slightly' price.Interesting note: the urinals are AMAZING!!! No splash back. NONE!!! (Only men can truly appreciate that fact).
4	Good tasty food. Especially the spinach noodles with lobster. Food a little on the sweeter side but enjoyable meal. Restaurant looks amazing. Forgot our waitress' name and it's a shame because she would be the reason why I will be coming back. Can't beat great customer service
3	Fancy Chinese food you say? If not for the great company I was with, I would not have enjoyed my dinner here. We got the $118/person pre-fixe menu so several courses were served. The duck and scallops were good while the fried dumplings, stir-fry vegetables, spare ribs, prawns and desserts were just okay. I like the layout of the restaurant: each table is enclosed and separated from the rest so you are afforded a more intimate and secluded experience. Our waiter did a really awesome job at filling up the water glasses BUT I couldn't help but noticed that the water glasses were very small. If they used bigger glasses, the wait staff wouldn't have to fill them up so often. But then again, I'm at a fancy restaurant and they aren't known for efficiency optimization.I think there are much better choices for Chinese food around here, both in terms of price and quality.
4	The place is stunning, great food especially the mongolian beef and duck salad...however the next table was about 10 inches from our table, and when we received our main course they were drewling at our food!! We couldnt even have a conversation we can just talk to everybody next to us. The tables are superclose to each other but The Hakka was A+
4	3.5 stars so I'm rounding up. I went with a group of beautiful friends. I had a hard time finding this place since I lost my glasses. But if I would've known to look for a big blue wall, I wouldn't have ended up outside MGM! We were still waiting for a few people so we had drinks at the bar. I got The Hakka.We ordered from the $118 prix fixe menu but they also have prix fixe menus starting at $66 as well as a la carte. We had a vegetarian in the group and their vegetarian options actually seemed promising enough for me to want to try it. But no, I'm a carnivore - who am I kidding? From the signature menu, we got a lot of dishes.The Hakka:Vodka, sake, coconut, lime, passion fruit and lychee juice.SMALL EAT:Hakka Fried Dim Sum Platter (roasted duck pumpkin puff, XO seafood puff and crispy prawn dumpling).Jasmine Tea Smoked Beef Short Rib: Seared Scallop with Fresh Mango and Chili Sauce:MAIN:Roasted Chilean Seabass with Chinese Honey:Crispy Roasted Duck with Kumquat and Mustard Sauce:Braised Tiger Prawn Claypot with Taro in Mandarin Sauce:Stir-fry Rib Eye Beef with Black Pepper and Merlot:Stir-fry Sugar Snaps and Cloud Ear:Egg and Scallion Fried Rice:DESSERT:Coconut Pudding:Coconut pearl pudding, lime financier topped with caramelized spiced pineapple.Chocolate and Black Sesame Cremeux:Black sesame Florentine and yuzu ice cream.Although one might argue that you can get Chinese food for much less in Chinatown, do understand that their version is a bit more sophisticated. They use wagyu, truffles, abalone, etc. which aren't cheap. You're also paying for the location and ambiance.
5	I am sure I can't say enough.... What an AMAZING dinner!  There were 4 of us, nice table, but the food was OUT OF CONTROL GOOD!  Had the Spicy Shrimp, Seared Scallops, Fried Soft Shell Crab....can I tell you I wish I could dine there ALL THE TIME!
5	We were a party of 4 and order several dishes ala carte so we could try a variety. They do offer a fixed menu but we could agree on one so we went a different route.  The food was delicious and the service was outstanding. Our server knew that menu inside and out and she made exceptional recommendations. The sommelier knew his wine and made excellent recommendations as well. I don't know if the strawberries with champagne foam or the PB&J was my favorite dessert. Guess I'll have to go back to decide.
4	If you get one thing out of my review - order the duck salad!!! Just do it.  That was hands down the best dish of our night!  The restaurant is stunning!!  Beautiful decor, ambience, truly tres chic.  The service was wonderful... everyone was kind, attentive, and just great.  The food was good.  I stop short of great.  Perhaps I had higher expectations, but some of it was just okay.  We had the duck salad - that was outstanding.  We also ordered the Jasmine Beef Short Ribs.  I really liked that too.  Very tender, flavorful. But on the flip side, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.  Almost like any other bbq/teriyaki type of beef.  But it was good.  And we also ordered the Shanghai dumplings. Also tasty and good, but once again, nothing out of the ordinary.  I guess I was expecting more.  The duck salad on the other hand is a dish that isn't like something else at any other restaurant.   For our entrees, we ordered the Beef Merlot and Spicy Shrimp.  The shrimp was good.  It is not fried, it is in a curry like gravy.  It was tasty.  The beef merlot we ordered on the recommendation of many of the yelp reviews.  I wasn't really a fan of that dish.  It wasn't bad. It was tasty, but it wasn't asian fusion and it wasn't anything that I would order again.  Finally, we got the salty fish fried rice.  That was pretty good, but again, no different than something you would get at a regular Chinese restaurant.  Are you getting my drift?  To me, with prices like these and the "style" of restaurant, my expectations are to experience unique dishes that you can't get elsewhere.  As for drinks, I tried the "Chinese" Mule... yes, Moscow mule like drink.  It had an Asian kick with ginger and something else.  It was pretty tasty. Right up my alley because I don't like the sugary sweet stuff.  But if you like the sugary stuff, do The Hakka.All in all a great experience.  But I wouldn't say my favorite of fine dining in Las Vegas!
2	The room is beautiful and the service was good .A little disappointed in the food of the restaurant. Seemed like to Americanized. Was looking of something more authentic.
4	Pleasantly surprised is all I have to say about my dining experience at Hakkasan. At first, I was truly hesitant about eating at an Asian restaurant on the Strip. You know, being part of the Asian Mafia usually has us frowning upon businesses that are not located on Spring Mountain. A friend took the time to gather all of us here with the intention of trying it with an open mind. For our party of 6; we ordered four of the $118 tasting menus and a few supplementary items as well. It was more than enough to leave me feeling full and uncomfortable.We started with the mixed dim sum. All of their dumplings were juicy and cooked to perfection. The crispy duck salad was next. The fact that they could call this a salad is outrageous. It was predominantly chopped up duck meat with a little arugula, pomegranate seeds, and nuts. Don't get the wrong idea. I loved it. It just caught us by surprise. Then the onslaught came. The spicy and sweet lobster was good. The sea bass with honey was odd. The wagyu beef was everything you could ever want. It melts in your mouth. The abalone dish was shaved too fine and came out like eating cartilage. The crispy duck with truffle oil was nuts. I was just craving duck something fierce, too. I left more than satisfied. The green beans dish had a nice kick and the texture of the beef/shrimp combo was good. By the time dessert came around, I was stuffed. The strawberry rhubarb dessert with champagne was lackluster. The rhubarb was undercooked and tough. The chocolate cremeux with yuzu sorbet was good. I would have eaten a whole bowl of the sorbet alone. The service was excellent as well. Our server was on top of everything. She was present without being overbearing and made the night. Especially after hearing some of the other experiences from friends that went a second time within the week.
5	I can only comment on the bar here as that is as far as we got. One cocktail in and we were hooked. Service was very friendly and made great recommendations as well as great cocktails. I think we ended up killing two hours in the bar before finally making our way into the nightclub. Definitely a great spot if you are looking for drinks before dancing. There is another bar on the second floor too before you make your way into the club.
3	I've been to other Asian restaurants on the strip, and they have one or more of the following issues: low quality food, sad excuses for portions, and/or overpriced dishes.  It's odd to say, but fortunately Hakkasan only suffers from that third one.The interior is really one gigantic space, but seems like a big labyrinth with multiple rooms and halls due to the tall partitions set up throughout.  There are many dining tables and a bar tucked away in the back.  Some drinks were creative, others were easily available elsewhere, but they'll all run you $15-$20 each.The menu has many appetizers, sides, and entrees to choose from, as well as a few tasting menus available, which require four people in your party to order.  For a party of six, we ordered four tasting menus and a few other dishes to round out our meal.  For a set menu that is meant for four, it comes with a surprising amount of food that easily filled up the six of us.  Nothing was disappointing, but the standouts for me were the crispy duck salad (they do not skimp on the portions here, if you enjoy duck, get this dish), duck with truffle oil (again, good portions), and the wagyu beef stir fry.The food was well prepared, in generous portions, and left all of us feeling satisfied.  The part that makes Hakkasan hard to recommend is the pricing.  The tasting menu we ordered was $118 per person, and most dishes are $30 each.  Total for our meal was over $1,000, which is ridiculous for six people eating Chinese food.  Fortunately, and the main reason we came, we were able to enjoy a promotion that got us 50% off our entire bill.  In the end it was around $80 per person, which is much more reasonable, but arguably still a lot.The pricing at Hakkasan makes it hard place to wholeheartedly recommend, but unlike other Asian restaurants on the Strip you'll actually end up with a good meal if you decide to spend the money here.
2	You are paying for the atmosphere. the food is good, but over priced for what it is. we spent NYE there, it was a preset 7 course meal, $175 per person. The bamboo shoot chicken soup and the rod was the best, albeit everything was served cold and all the  food wasn't served at the same time. I think it should have been $50 per person. the dessert was horrible, it was sesame ice cream with chocolate cookie, the ice cream tasted like nothing and the cookie tasted bitter.y vegetarians friends got a fruit plate and that was def more enjoyable than or fancy dessert. again, the food was decent, just too bad they were served cold! They finally re-heated our last course, by than we were all so full!
1	We had diner with eight friends on New Year's eve. Both the food and service were appalling. Apparently it was the first time they organized diner on New Year's eve and much can be improved... After waiting for 1 hour for one course of our eight course menu, suddenly all food came out simultaneously... and in the wrong order. Some of the food (cod) was cold, some food was overcooked (scallops, sirloin). The waitress was giving our wine to another table, after which she said "I was just checking". We don't mind paying a lot of money for food but then we expect a decent return on our investment. Being treated pretentious is not part of that.
5	Had amazing drinks and a fantastic dining experience at the bar with a couple of friends!  Everything was great!
5	Came here for New Year's Eve and got the Prix Fixe menu.  Was required that night.All the food was excellent.  Service was excellent as well, except for a mix up where they served me the same entree twice.Also, their take on Peking Duck was seriously lacking.  It was basically two pancakes with duck skin inside them.  I'm not even sure if there was duck meat.  For 40 bucks extra that was pretty lame.  The table next to us thought so too.Overall tho I left happy and full.  The restaurant was very spacious with high ceilings.  Not cheap, but worth checking out, considering the rarity of high end Chinese cuisine.
3	You know why I'm giving this place a three star? Because it just wasn't that memorable. I had to look through the pictures on Yelp! to remember even going here. I will say the atmosphere was VERY nice and the servers were also top-notch... but at the end of the day I wouldn't find myself running to go back for a second round. That's not to say the food wasn't great and the drink selections weren't wonderful... it was simply "A-Ok.", as the three stars imply.
5	Seriously amazing cuisine, service and atmosphere. Our server Lilly was so kind and definitely helped us figure out which drinks, appetizers and main dishes to order. Everything was absolutely delicious. My favorite dishes were the Crispy Duck salad, a great combination of unique flavors, on the sweet side but still refreshing. My favorite dish was the Black truffle Roasted duck. the rest of my party loved both these dishes and the res of what we ordered was great too. The dumplings were unique and a definite as well. The braised lobster with spinach noodles was delicious and a quite a different dish that it was very enjoyable to try. Just hate messing with the shells from the lobster. The atmosphere is intimate, upscale, and modern with interesting water lighting on the far wall. I enjoyed how you could not see the rest of the restaurant except through some patterned walls. It feels like a labyrinth but I very much enjoyed this concept as I do not experience this very often in Las Vegas as most of the restaurants are" see and be seen" type atmospheres.  Over all a wonderful dining experience. Chinese with a modern concept and I like it! I will be back.
4	Swanky Anglicised Cantonese served in a modern, chic Asian inspired dining space.  The food; the dog's bollocks.  Excellent.  Unfortunately combine it's Michelin one star status in London with the typical markup on anything Asian on the Strip, the prices will make you ask if they are taking the piss and leave you gobsmacked. (OK enough British slang).Not your neighborhood Chinese.  You won't find sweet sour here.  Dishes are individual courses.  Some are meant to be shared, others not.  On this evening, without looking at the menu, asked the server to just bring our party, some of the best dishes.  The result:Crispy duck salad.  Incredible balance.  The richness of the duck balanced by the bitterness and acidity of pomolo, earthiness of pine nuts and texture from pomegranate seeds.  Braised abalone with black truffles.  Soft, tender, impregnated by the sweetness of Chinese wine, the earthy flavor of the truffle the aroma enhances the sweetness of the abalone.  Peking duck with caviar.  Not the classic Peking duck (this one has some breast meat attached) but wow, soft pancake, pungent scallion and snappy cucumber, crisp duck skin and to top it off, caviar whose oceanic flavor adds an incredible, unexpected complexity. A delicate, crisp quail with Chinese five spice and chili sauce, a perfectly roasted Chilean sea bass with Chinese honey whose sweet but bitter notes brings out the natural flavor of the fish, an nontraditional fried and steamed dim sum platter whose freshness, taste, and quality, will put all but the best to shame rounded out the meal.Service is very efficient and friendly.  The wine list, well chosen.  Typical Vegas resort prices. So, $245 for Peking duck, $188 per order of abalone, worth it?  Elevated to this level, bloody well right.
5	Duck & Black Pepper Dim Sum.Sweet and Sour Pork.Garlic Calamari.Everything was amazing.  The ambiance was lively, modern, and chic.  The set-up offered a lot of privacy while still being a part of the restaurant.  Lots of VIPs.The food was definitely the star of the show.  We ordered a little bit of everything and everything was impressive.  Even the vegetarian options were filling and satisfying.
5	I am such a fan of this place because you get both ideal worlds for a perfect date night: great dinner and dancing (without having to wait for a long line if you dine in).  The best modern chic Asian food and the ambience was so well done fusing modern Chinese decor.  So impressive.Appetizer:  Dimsum sampler (so good! not greasy, the sauces were amazing)Entree:  Roasted Duck with kumquat, pork bellySides:  fried rice and pak choiDessert:  very stunning presentation and soooo good with lots of different flavor that just bursts in your mouth specifically the coconut pudding and the passion fruit panne cotteThe Buddha's Palm cocktails were so great!Club was so chic and the DJs were awesome.  The only complaint is the dance floor is a bit smaller that what it could be.  Super tight and crowded until 2AM when everyone started to slowly leave the cllub.Will definitely come back here again for another date night or for a group!Overall amazing, fun and great night!  Thanks Hakkasan!
3	Good place to go to for Chinese authentic meal
5	This place is amazing, service is impeccable food is great. The energy & ambiance of the this place is wonderful. Staff is very polite & helpful when asking questions about the menu. So this is my first experience of what I call fine dining and first experience of a Michelin star restaurant.We arrived at the restaurant at 8pm. 8.01pm we were seated, and given the wine menu at 8.02pm we had bottled water, and by 8.05 we had our wine, tasted and poured in both glasses!So about the wine and water, we never had to pour any into our glasses, there was always a waiter around to do this for us. Top service.The food is only what I can class as the best I have ever had, starter, main and deserts all highly rated. I recommend the mango\duck starter and sea bass cooked in honey for the main. The wait between courses were minimal. Even though we only had a table for 2 hours, it didnt seem rushed to put away a bottle of red and 3 courses.The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice, warm and welcoming, as soon as you walk in you are greeted and asked for your coat and then escorted to your table. There is an ambient lighting. The tables are quite close to each other, which is always an issue to me especially when having private conversations, however on a Saturday night because the atmosphere and noise levels its not much of a problem.Its not crazy expensive, but for me its not cheap. You could easily blow what we spent on good food on a night out, so its worth a visit if you have a special occasion. Its opened me up to a whole world of fine dining and given the opportunity I shall be returning!
4	It's been 9 years since I went to the Hakkasan in London.  Ever since I have been waiting for the delayed Vegas location for my annual Vegas trip.  If I could pinpoint a time in life that I started "appreciating" craft cocktails and dim sum it started in London.  And the Vegas location did not disappoint.  Every aspect of service and quality of food was on point.  Can't wait to return.
2	Alright.. There are a lot of positive reviews here and I think it is way overrated.  Everything was way overpriced for "chinese fusion".  Its like they took the sweet side of the chinese flavors and fused it with american sized portions and pricing.We opted for a more carb-free version and shared this between 6 people:+ crispy duck salad which had lots of sweet, salty, and fatty flavors going on.  best dish IMO- seared scallops with fresh mango in chili sauce which was cooked well but nothing extraordinary on the flavors.- Jasmine tea smoked beef short rib, the waitress cut it up for us but it seemed like a typical dish.-Stir-fry lotus root with royal trumpet in sweet XO sauce was definitely on the sweet side and overwhelmed the natural flavors of the lotus root and royal trumpet--Lobster soup with tofu and Chinese yellow chive was probably the worst soup dish ever.  for the price we paid (it was like high 20s) it was a small little bowl that barely had any lobster.  What happened to family style dishes?-Hakka braised pork belly claypot, pork belly was melt in your mouth tender with a sweet sauce.  nothing spectacular.+Braised lamb shank with Chinese herbs was pretty good as it was meat falling off the bone and not overseasoned.  It might be to gamey for some, but it was perfect for me.+Roasted Chilean seabass with Chinese honey was another good one that had the fish just flaking off-Crispy chicken in lemon sauce which reminded me of a chicken katsu covered in a lemon sauce. nothing extraordinary.Total bill came out to about $465 with gratuity and that included a round of drinks.  Ambiance was definitely really nice as everything was well decorated in the restaurant, hip music in the background, and dim lighting (although too dim for my friend as she could not read the menu).  Service was really good as they were very tentative and water cups were never empty.  A plus side is that they escorted us to the club afterward and we did not have to wait in line to get in.It was the price and food portion that would deter me from coming back.  I could have gotten traditional chinese food without all the nice service and ambiance for about $100.  But its Vegas.. just roll with it sometimes.
5	Date & Time:  Friday January 29, 2014 @ 8pmLocation:  MGM GrandDining Companions:  Mommy & HusbandScene:  Guys in Jeans, Open Collar Shirts, Blazers & Girls in Short Herve Leger Dresses, Sky-High Louboutins + Mini Chanel BagsMusic:  EDMService:  5-StarsImbibe:  Signature Hakka CocktailDevour:  Duck Salad, Steamed Dim Sum Platter, Pork Belly, Sweet & Sour, Beef Medallions, Champagne Cod, Hakka Noodles & Fried Rice.  Macarons for DessertTotal:  $398
4	Our table of 7 ordered the $118 per person prix fixe menu and everything tasted great.  This is by far the most i've ever paid for chinese food and i prob would'nt do it again.  My wife's mother would have killed us for eating here. hahaha Service was great...not Gary Danko great but still attentive. The restaurant itself was really dark tho. There were a lot of areas at our table that the overhead light just didnt reach and it was hard to read the menu or see the food.It was a good experience to try a lot of different dishes, but I wouldn't do it again..at least not that prix fixe menu. My favorites were the jasmine tea smoked beef short rib, black pepper beef ribeye and the sea bass.
5	Had a great meal here before we hit the strip for the night. The drinks were spot on, along with the food. We received excellent service from the staff and after we were personally escorted up to the club to our table
4	Excellent and attentive service by hostesses and servers. Every item we had was delicious. Mongolian beef, Duck Salad, dim sum, hot and sour soup, noodle dish, and desserts were great. There was a stale dried cornucopia noodle thing that came with one of the dishes. Otherwise, everything was solid.
3	Overpriced, Mediocre Chinese Food. I was excited to try Hakkasan and went with a buddy of mine.  We are lucky to have been to a lot of great places in Vegas, so we were looking forward to eating at Hakkasan.  As suggested by the server, excellent service by the way, we ordered two small plates and two entrees.  For the "small eats," we ordered the Hakka Steamed Dim Sum Platter and the salt and pepper squid.  For the entrees, we ordered crispy roasted duck with kumquat and mustard sauce and a special from the Chinese new year menu, a sea bass dish.The small plates were both disappointing.  While looking over the menu, I asked what "Chinese Honey" was since I had never heard of it before.  As I suspected, it was just a made up ingredient that the kitchen created and labeled as "Chinese honey."  Either way, the dim sum was bland and overpriced.  I could have gone to Ping Pang Pong or Cathy House and gotten much better dim sum for a quarter of the price and larger portions.  As for the salt and pepper squid, both Ping Pang Pong and China Mama's are much better.  The Chinese new year sea bass was exceptional.  It was super flavorful, had great texture, and I would order it again.  As for the crispy roasted duck with kumquat and mustard sauce, it severely lacked balance and needed some type of sweetness.  Otherwise, it was simple bland with one note of flavor related to the mustard.  All in all, Hakkasan is a lovely restaurant with great service.  If you want a nice experience, you should check it out, especially if you are going to the nightclub afterwards since you can get easy access to the club through the Lily Lounge.  But the food is definitely mediocre and overpriced.
1	WAY OVERPRICED FOR SMALL PORTIONS!!!We were a party of 3 couples celebrating our friend's wedding. We expected high prices but this place was ridiculous; $120 per person for Chinese Food, give me a break. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but portions were exceedingly small in spite of the fact that our waiter claimed that all the entree's could be shared. We did share the entrees and each of us got three bites. The service was mediocre for a place  that charges these prices, very little interaction between the waiter and our party. The food basically put down on the table without very little comment. All and all (and $700 later) a big disappointment.
5	Las Vegas Restaurant Week 7 - 14 Mar 2014 so I had dinner here on Sat/8 Mar:http://www.HelpOutDineOutlv.org/     menu supporting charity  http://bit.ly/1h5HXPD- $50.14 for 4-course dinner of great food at a swanky Strip eatery was a steal.- $12 for Ketel One & seltzer was cheaper than I expected (at Hakkasan Nightclub a small bottle of Fiji water is $9).  No problem also getting free ice water (I've read on Yelp that the Nightclub bartenders won't get out free ice water).- Last time for dinner reservations is 11:15 pm but I called too late (about 7 pm?) to book any reservation in the dining room.  I was able to do a walk-in, grab a seat at the bar and eat there.  My bartender Krista (Christa?) was really cool. - About 9:50 pm I had entered Hakkasan Nightclub so I could get my club stamps and have a look before using the elevator to go down to the restaurant.  After dinner (about 12:10 pm) I walked up 2 flights of stairs and entered the Ling Ling Lounge (sit anywhere you want, no bottle service mandatory).   From there I had to show my club stamps to the bouncer to continue to the Ling Ling Club and finally to the Hakkasan Nightclub.- Bonus: Upon paying my dinner/bar tab I received a "$50 Hakkasan Gift Voucher...Thank you for dining with us during Las Vegas Restaurant Week."  I was flabbergasted that the meal was only $50.14 and I got a $50 "gift voucher valid until April 10, 2014."  I almost felt guilty accepting it.  When my buddy is in town early Apr, will definitely bring him here.
5	*** Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2014 menu ***This was a late addition to my Restaurant Week lineup.  I'm so glad I made the change.  I was warmly greeted at reception and asked to wait until one of the people who seat you arrived.  A short time later, I was taken to my table through what appeared to be a maze of small hallways and dining spaces.  I was seated at a table in a section near the bar that was L shaped.Soon, the server, Carmen, arrived and she asked me about drinks.  I ordered an iced tea and that was brought quickly with a small container of simple syrup.  I had studied the menu online and I knew what I wanted except for the main course.  I asked Carmen for her advice.For the first course, I went with the stir fried spicy quail with fresh lily bulb.  The dish was prepared with Chinese 5 spice and chili sauce.  It had a really nice tang but it was not overpowering, just very good!  There were two legs and 2 wings--a very ample serving for a starter.For the main course, I went with the stir fried venison with spicy yellow bean sauce.  There were three thin slices of venison in a great spicy sauce.  With the venison, I was served two sides--a small container of fried pak choi with garlic and a small bowl of vegetable fried rice.  Carmen brought me a knife and fork for this course knowing it would be easier to deal with the meat.  I had requested wooden chopsticks (they don't have them) because I am very poor at using plastic chopsticks.  Things slip off plastic chopsticks very easily even when I'm just looking at them.  I'll have to bring in my own wooden ones or my screw together metal chopsticks that were a gift.  Again, the dish was spicy but it was not overpowering spicy.  It was quite enjoyable.There is no choice for dessert.  You get a passion fruit panna cotta with, as the menu says, citrus supremes, guava gelato, and blood orange sorbet.  Carmen had me listen to a crackling sound when she first brought the dessert.  She wouldn't tell me what it was but said I should try it and we'd talk about it when I was done.  I had two things in mind for what it was.  I was correct with the second idea.  They put some pop rocks on the panna cotta to make a bit of a texture play.  The panna cotta was very good.To sum up, the food really is the "dog's bollocks!" (Thanks R).  Portion size was just right and they downsized the sides because I was dining alone.  The room is delightful--not one large room but made up of many smaller areas.  The restaurant really isn't all they big in the great scheme of things.  Service was excellent.Before bringing the bill, Carmen brought me a coupon good for $50 on my next visit as long as it's used before April 10.  She said, "It's like having your dinner tonight for $.14."  I will be back and use the coupon.  I have to do the sea bass which she said was their most popular dish and is excellent.  One short aside:  I can hike in the desert where there's no trail.  Leaving last night without an escort, I ended up almost in the kitchen.  Then I realized I had almost made a complete trek around the outside ring of the place.  I did make it to the door and was somewhat embarrassed getting lost in the small space.  It's a like a maze!I'm glad that Restaurant Week gives me the chance to try some new places that I normally wouldn't.
5	5 Stars because this is a unique take on Chinese food and some dishes were amazing.  The depth of those dishes is unlike any Chinese food I've ever had.Amazing :Crab & Corn soup - depth of flavours was great.Crispy Duck Salad - unexpalainable.  You have to order it to get it.Hakka Noodle - simple but so good.Silver Cod - champagne & Chinese honey.  Really melts in your mouth.Very Good :Hot & Sour soup - best hot & sour soup everSea Bass with Chinese honeyRib Eye with Merlot - taste very good but I expected more.Crispy quailAverage :Dim Sum platterSpicy Prawns - it was not what I expected as this is a green curry dish.Chicken & Salted fish fried ricePanna Cotta - sour but you can't stop eatingYeah it is costly but worth the amazing dishes.  I will be back next time in LV
5	My boyfriend and I ate here lAst night and enjoyed it . The food was Delish and I highly recommend the duck salad . Our server kat a. Was very friendly and attentive and she also had some great recommendations. The drink the Hakka is AMAZING !! A must try , I am craving it today!
2	I am a Las Vegas regular and we always eat at the best and hottest restaurants in Vegas.  We decided to try this place to get something different.  The restaurant itself has a horrible set up.  The flow of the tables and divided rooms are quite odd.The food was marginal at best.  The prices were equivalent to Nobu, but the food was equivalent to PF Changs.  I would never go here again for the price or atmosphere.  There are many better options in Vegas.
4	Ponied up at bar before it got too busy. No one at the bar but me and a couple others. Hakkasan restaurant is UBER sexy but I was a little put off by the snotty female bartenders. Even the lady sitting at the bar next to me noticed their dismissive behavior without my saying a word. For starters, it took forever to be acknowledged. When she finally comes over, there was no smile. No friendly greeting. Just a plain face and a cocktail napkin put in front of me and a blank look. She eventually loosened up, but only after I made an effort to connect with her. Should be the other way around though. Just saying. The lady next to me with her BF asked the other bartender what was in a particular specialty cocktail she was making. Bartender looked at her and plainly said...vodka. Then walked away. Wow!!!If I were giving out stars for service, I'd dole out a 2+. But the quality, creativity and showmanship of the cocktails made up for the bad behavior of a couple mean girls.  My first cocktail was a vodka made with quinoa. It was really smooth with a sweet, clean finish.  After dinner I ordered the Smoky Negroni cocktail (Ransom Old Tom barrel aged gin, Antica Formula vermouth, Campari and Grand Marnier smoke infusion). Tasted very similar to an Old Fashioned. Classic with a twist. Very good! For food I ordered the Hakka braised pork belly clay pot. Very tender and full of garlic and gingery flavors. It's a little rich, so I'd recommend sharing this dish as an appetizer. Like most LV restaurants of this caliber, be prepared for a $$$$ experience. Enjoy!
1	Amateur hour as far as management and staff.We had someone at the table with a shellfish allergy, which was announced, and both the kitchen and service staff mixed the order, which almost ended very, very badly.  The only thing they offered for their extreme mistake, was a bottle of wine.  That's just not what someone who has just medicated themselves should be offered.  Oh yeah, they didn't comp the dumplings that almost killed the person.  Not even kidding.Anyway, the food was ok.  Some good (duck salad) and some bad (dumplings, hot and sour soup and smoked short rib, which was really quite terrible).Expect to pay more than you should, and if you have any allergies at all, I just wouldn't trust these folks with your well-being.  Hope that helps.
4	I went with a friend last Wednesday night: I have one thing to say: BEST SEA BASS EVER!!!! The fried rice was really good and the Dim sum appetizer was sooo good! I gave it a 4 as we also ordered another dish, chicken thai basil, and we were disappointed. It was not bad, it just was't great. For dessert, we shared a chocolate dessert and it was sinful!I will definitely be going back... I heard I need to try the duck salad as really good. The food was delicious, and the restaurant has definitely won my approval!
3	I had dinner here before david copperfield. First impression is that I liked the ambiance. The service was 5 star. The food portions were fairly stingy and very expensive. I would rate the food a 7 out of 10. Nothing special. The bill was 240.00 for two people and we don't drink. we had soft drinks. so thats one appetizer,two entrees and fried rice and two desserts for 240??? I would say that speaks for itself. I think the portions could be bigger I also found the menu a bit on the limited side. But its all part of eating on the strip.
3	First, the design and atmosphere of the restaurant are amazing. Our waitress was pretty good but a smile wouldn't have killed her. We were told the plates were meant for sharing so my boyfriend and I ordered two chicken dishes, the Hakka noodles (which were awesome), and rice. In hindsight we should have ordered another small plate or vegetable because we were still a little hungry. We got the house made macarons for dessert, which were good. The reason I am only giving 3 stars is because the chicken dishes were average at best. I can't comment on the other meat or fish dishes but hopefully they are much better, especially for the price. I would definitely go back for drinks but probably not for dinner.
4	I love the sf location and I love this one too. You can't go wrong coming here and I highly recommend it.  I really liked the decor, very stylish and modern. The food is great as well, very good presentation. Service was very efficient and professional. Two thumbs way up!
5	Simply amazing foodie experience! Some of the best gourmet Chinese food I have ever eaten. The soothing ambience was zen like. My hubby and I felt like we had retreated into a quiet cocoon away from the noisy casino. We ate at 5:45 on a weekday prior to seeing a show. Our server was knowledgeable and gave us a lot of insight into the menu . The cocktails were off the hook! So unique and beautifully presented. The Budda's Palm was my fav. Tried the duck salad, the tea smoked short ribs, the Hakkasan dim sum plate and the pipa duck with the chive egg rice. We could not find fault with anything. I can't wait to return. It's that good!
1	I have heard amazing things about the London location and this one as well, however this was the worst meal I have ever had in Vegas. I would have rather had Panda Express for dinner. The chicken was dry and horrible, the lobster stir fry was over sauced, and the drink I ordered was average. The only edible item I ordered was the fried rice, which is pathetic. $500 + later, I would have much rather stayed at home and microwaved a pf changs frozen dinner. Horrible Chinese food! All about the hype and the atmoshpere!
5	Try the Shanghai dumplings, lettuce wrap,  Chilean seabass, tofu with eggplant,  Hakka noodles, asparagus, and macarons!  Delish!  Server's and bartenders know their stuff here and it has an awesome romantic vibe.
5	Loved this place to death!When am I coming back? Can't be soon enough! Great service food and cocktails...
4	I went here with a group of 7 on a Friday night and was impressed overall. The host staff was nice enough to work us in despite not having a reservation. Our server, Joe, provided some of the most impeccable service I've had during a dining experience.We tried a huge variety of menu options. The things that stood out to me were the dumplings and the Hakka noodles. Don't waste your time with the Chicken with satay sauce. It is far too sweet with an overwhelming amount of fennel. The stir-fry ribeye and the Wok-fried Wagyu with sesame sauce were both very good but not out of this world. I don't particularly recall much about the other dishes we tried.Overall, it was a solid experience significantly aided by incredible service.
5	My husband and I were in the MGM and decided to try this new restaurant we ended up sitting at the bar it was a very happening place we were greeted by a friendly bartender named Brittany she is amazing she explained all the drinks and recommend the Hakka mmmm so good I had two.  She also recommended crispy duck salad it was yummy too.  The service here is 10 stars if your ever in the MGM try this restaurant and sit at the bar Brittany will take good care of you!!
2	It saddens me to write this review because I really did love the food and experience at the Miami location but the food did not seem up to par here and everything was extremely rushed..probably because most of the attention is on the nightclub. It was very annoying for such an expensive place to rush you through dinner...the waitress was very persistent and asked to take our plates away before we had even finished the food in front of us.. I do not think I will be returning..
5	I would give this place 5 stars for ambiance alone. It's just an awesome bonus that the food happens to be some of the best I've ever had. I had an important dinner meeting with a client. A client who happens to be a high class world traveler and he was blown away by the food and ambiance as well. Let me tell you, he is not easily impressed. They had a wonderful wine selection. And, were extremely helpful in finding me a wine based on my descriptions. It was one of the best Pinot Noirs I've had. Honestly, this is a place I will definitely come back to with friends and family. Well done Hakkasan! top notch all around.
5	Everytime I come here it's overwhelming how great the service is, this is the kind of experience that really sets the bar so high that you will always compare others to this place.The food is nothing short of outstanding and it's remarkable how fast this kitchen can produce and beatyfully present such a product, the logistics of such an operation is mindblowing.You really have to give this a try, you will never look at restaurants the same way.
5	With all the billboards in this town promoting top-flight DJs and parties at Hakkasan, it's easy to forget that there is a restaurant hidden inside the nightclub.  And that's too bad, because what a restaurant it is!  The menu is made up of modern takes on Cantonese classics, but the flavors never steer too far away from the originals.  The dining room is impressive and very easy to get lost in (leave a trail of bread crumbs), but the friendly staff always helps you find your way back to your table.  The bar is long and beautiful and features an impressive cocktail program.  Bring a small group of friends, get a bottle of sake (or wine), and choose a number of dishes to share.  Try the duck salad. And don't forget about dessert!
5	Expensive. Like, very very expensive. Chinese food is like Mexican food. It should be two things: greasy and cheap.  What Hakkasan does have when compared to your average Dim Sum spot is excellent service. Fantastic cocktails and beautiful ambiance. With a grandmother from China and being born and raised in San Francisco, paying $28 for 5 pieces of dim sum (which costs $3 anywhere here and is just as good-if not better) is a crime. But, you're paying for the ambiance. And it is good
4	My boyfriend and I had reservations for 9pm for his 30th. Upon our arrive, we were guided to the bar area while our table was being set up. I loved the Blue lights and modern decor. It really sets the mood to be in Vegas at a fine dining restaurant. I order the very sexy Cocktail- Strawberry and Basil Martini--SO AMAZING!Dinner: our server was Carmen- She was so great! We decided to go with: Seared scallop with fresh mango in chili sauce- by far the best cooked scallops. Crispy crust and butter soft inside. I loved this dish!Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chive- very good and great portion for sharingChicken and salted fish fried rice- the salted fish was our fav. Overall very good dining experience and great food.
5	winner winner chinese dinner. Just like the SF location everything was fantastic. Server was very good. From the dim sum platter to the duck breast to the 2 desserts everything were was a winner
5	everything about this place is great, love it love it. no need to say more
4	We came here for our company dinner. We were offered 3 menus prior and choose the sparrow menu. They were also able to personalize the menu. We mainly chose it for the vegetarian options which everyone enjoyed. It was family style so we all shared. Some dishes were a hit and some were a miss. The service was good but it did take them a while to bring over any requests. I wouldn't call this Cantonese food, it is definitely fusion. It would be a good plan for group outings but be aware they have minimum charge per person.
4	food was GREAT price  isnt too bad eitherLoved my waitress she was super nicethe decor is very impressive a little dark but i enjoyed the ambiancemusic wasnt to loud and the the service was quick no complaints..
5	The best service I have had in a long time. This bar is AMAZING. I started off my bachelorette party here in Hakkasan LV with some Crispy duck salad with pomelo, pomegranate and pine nut followed by Hot and sour soup with chicken! I ordered some Braised tiger prawn claypot with taro in Mandarin sauce and fried rice and left with my tummy happy ready to shake my booty with my besties at the club above the restaurant. Do yourself a favor, go here and thank me later.
5	Came here for dinner, seated right away. Food was amaze balls, service was great! Carmen was our waitress and knew the entire menu and was extremely helpful. Got the pipa duck. So amazing. All of our food was delish!!!! So recommend this place.
4	Amazing ambiance, great food and drinks....Great place for a romantic dinner! The service was decent and friendly. It's also pretty cool that you can party at the club after dinner.
4	man,this place was pricey for chinese food. but, it was absolutely delicious! it was for the most part, standard asian fusion/chinese flare but packed an extra punch. also probably why they charge 300percent over Panda Express. :)very elegant use of the space here. dimly lit and long facades covering the tables. maze like walkway to get to your table. very secret garden like. and sexy. service was pretty good. at the table we ordered some dim sum, the pork belly, the udon noodles, the haka noodles and the sweet and sour pork. everything was magnificent. the pork belly just melted like butter. the noodles were perfectly seasoned and not too salty. the sweet and sour pork was crunchy and tangy. oh, and the dim sums were all amazing. prices were not too crazy considering this place is apparently one of the new IT restaurants on the Strip. 2 couples with a couple rounds of drinks at just $300 with tip. oh, and we got complimentary admission to the Club!
2	No expense spared meal. Service from Lilly the sever and our sommelier was very good but the food was downright terrible for this price point ($250 pp). I've eaten at the top places in Vegas in comparison (eg, roubouchon, Savoy, etc). Avoid unless it's free.
3	The Yao Ming of Chinese Cuisine------------------/---------------Let's cut right to the chase. This place is quite pretentious (ever heard of "aubergine"? No? I didn't think so. It's eggplant)THAT BEING SAID, if this place elevates Chinese cuisine beyond Panda Express, then its work is done.  The food is actually not bad. Even the veg members of our group had plenty to eat with the prix fixe menu they arranged for one of our friend's last nights of freedom (before he is sentenced to a term not less than 25-life, to be served in an environment of tartan sweaters, baby showers, and Home Depot runs).Yea, there is almost zero talk of the food in this review... This is what happens when I file a field report two months late. Chances are, if I don't remember what I ate two weeks ago, I'm not gonna remember your meal either - unless you served roasted Dodo brought to us by Kate Upton. Wait, was that on the menu? Hmm... Time to go back and find out!
4	Before going to the show KA, i came here with my mom to continue from the nice dinner to the nice show. My mom and i both dressed up to fit the high-end restaurant and show, expecting eating here was the great presents to my mom for the last night she was in Vegas.The ambiences are gorgeous with the contemporary look with the blue lighting on over the wall. Inside is very dim which i couldn't find anything until i get used to it. And maze.The food was also great. we ordered dim sum platter for appetizer, hakkasan noodle, rib eyes, duck salad for the main. Everything was ok but the portion was really small. This is not a par for the price. i was still hungry after finished the dinner. So after the show i went to the fat burger to fill my tummy. The service was extremely attentive.
4	Fabulous Chinese food, love this place, the Crispy Duck Salad amazing as usual, dessert spectacular and delightful, but make sure you ask if they have all the items available, I ordered the Braised Pork Belly and a few minutes later the server comes back and let me know they have just one order left and is to fatty and chef doesn't want to send it out, not cool, a restaurant that magnitude can't run out of nothing, 86 nothing. Over all food is good, "expensive" but worth it, service is great, cocktails nicely hand crafted.
5	Words cannot describe how much the BF and I love the Hakkasan restaurants.  We were amazed by the Miami location, so we knew we had to try the Las Vegas location.  We planned to go to the Hakkasan Nightclub that evening, so it was perfect.  The restaurant and club is located in the back of the MGM Grand Hotel.  The signs made us walk through the entire casino, but you can just walk straight back and miss the twists and turns. The ambience and decor, like the Miami location, was beautiful and trendy, but it was way busier than I anticipated for a Thursday evening at 11pm. But hey, that's Vegas I guess!  Our server Carmen was a gem - she had a great presence and engaged with us throughout the entire experience.  For starters we got the Crispy Duck Salad (which we had in Miami) and Seared Scallop with Fresh Mango in Chili Sauce.  The duck salad was of course amazing, with pomelo and pomegranate.  It is so fresh tasting but at the same time heaping with duck meat and crispy skin!  The scallops were good, but my amazing.  Although the mango and chili sauce was killer.  For entrees we decided to get the Roasted Mala chicken with cucumber and cloud ear mushrooms and the Hakka noodle with mushrooms and chinese chive.  The Mala chicken was out of this world.  The portion was huge, more than enough for two people, but we kept eating because it was so darn delicious.  The chicken was tender and the skin was thin and crispy.  The sauce was flavorful, actually reminded me of a more mellow sate sauce, and complemented the chicken wonderfully.  The cucumbers were nice touch as they cooled your mouth down from the heat of the sauce.  The Hakka noodles were also amaze balls.  The noodles were a perfect texture and size (yes, I am so picky about the size of my noodles) and the mushrooms and chives tasted great mixed into the dish.  I got the Hakka cocktail, which is vodka, sake, coconut, lime, passion fruit and lychee juice.  It was so refreshing and I love the taste of lychee juice in my cocktails.  I didn't finish it, so Carmen asked if I wanted a cup for it so I could bring it to the club.  Side note - I am always amaze how reasonable the prices are for such a highly rated restaurant.  Now here is the secret - if you dine at the restaurant and you want to go to the nightclub, just ask your server.  Carmen led us through a back entrance, where we went up a set up stairs and were id'd by one set of bouncers outside the Ling Ling lounge.  We then walked through the lounge and gave our restaurant bill to another set of bouncers who stamped our wrists.  After that, we walked right through a skinny hallway and then BAM, you walk right into a massive, yet intimate, wraparound club which envelopes the main DJ stage. Hakkasan, the restaurant and nightclub, are experiences that must be tasted and felt.  A review does not do it any justice.
4	Did not come here with an expectation that I'll be eating real, Asian food, but loved it either way. The ambience and service was worth the price. The food was worth a try.Not your average PF Chang place. Hakkasan is a Chinese food place to be reckoned with. Loved their duck selection and their egg drop soup stayed original.Our favorite part was their dessert. It is quite a delicious innovation.
3	Been to this place once for dinner. The food was amazing and clean and fresh the environment was good too. Only one thing don't really like is price too high for chinses good :(But food so delicious no doubt
5	OBSESSED. I was originally planning on ordering the dim sum platter but for $28 for 8 pieces (so, $3.50 a piece the size of a chicken nugget--or smaller), I couldn't justify ordering this when I know you can get 4 pieces for $2.50 at most Chinese/Asian restaurants.Instead, I opted for the crispy duck salad for the same price and MUCH MORE BULK.... more bang for your buck for sure! AND, it was out-of-this-world-delicious! There there small chunks of crispy duck skin, pieces of pomegranate and citrus, and lots of greens. My friends kept re-dipping their forks onto my plate.My friend and I shared the hot & sour soup and it did not disappoint. It came out steaming hot, so be careful, but the taste was perfection. Again, probably overpriced, but one of the cheapest items on the menu.I got to try the scallops from my friend and the shot rib from my other friend... both delicious. There wasn't one bad dish that we tried. We also paired the meal with a bottle of red between the 5 of us and were all able to have at least one glass.The service was impeccable. The service was very commendable. I would highly recommend coming to dinner here.
3	Went there today for the restaurant week, trying to enjoy a nice dinner and make a donation at the same time. The food was good, but they cut the portion in less then half for those who wants to take advantage of this event. We left hungry... shame on you, Hakkasan, that's NOT the way to do good. No way I need to pay that much and get so little for the money.
5	Hakkasan's Restaurant Week menu looked like a winner, and after sampling its offerings, my dining experience here proved to be that and more.  First off, the place is quite classy and elegant.  It has an upscale ambiance with seating divided into small cloistered sections by iron and wood partitions.  Cushioned half-booth seating features different colorful Chinese dragons embroidered on off-white expensive-looking fabric.For the appetizer course, a Steamed Dim Sum Platter featured a woven basket holding big bite-size morsels of Har Gau, Scallop Shumai, Chinese Chive Dumpling, and a Black Pepper Duck Dumpling.  The fat dumplings were all very well made by hand, and delicious.  I liked each one, as well as my bite of Diane's Crispy Fried Prawn Dumpling that was rich with prawn meat, enhanced by fruity and sweet but not overpowering Plum Sauce, and decorated with Fried Rice Paper Noodles sprouting out of the prawn's top.An add-on of Vegetarian Hot & Sour Soup was excellent, suitably spicy, and filled with delicate thin noodles.  But in retrospect, I wish I had instead ordered the Hot & Sour Soup with Chicken because I was later informed that it was identical to the vegetarian variety with chicken added, and both soups were priced the same.  To help wash everything down, I enjoyed excellent house-brewed Mint Decaf Hot Tea, with the tea leaves blocked by a tiny strainer. My entree of Roasted Chilean Seabass with Chinese Honey, alongside a few fried Enoki Mushrooms, was very tasty.  Sections of well-cooked moist white fish burnished by the honey flaked off nicely onto a fork.  Fine, generously portioned sides of glistening, stir-fried Pak Choy with Garlic and Egg Fried Rice rounded out and embellished this portion of the meal.Inventive Summer Exotic Cold Watermelon Soup with assorted berries and Lychee Sorbet brought our memorable dinner to a refreshing close.  Service was exemplary throughout the night, and wet towels were produced at meal's end for a nice final touch.  It was a great Restaurant Week meal.In sum, Hakkasan offers a very refined Cantonese dining experience that is expensive, but worth it!  Now that I have had a taste of its stellar cuisine, I will surely be back to enjoy more.
4	Great atmosphere, good food, attentive service! Came here on a Saturday night at 9pm. The place was only half full or so. The bar area wasn't too crowded so it was easy to get a drink. The food was yummy and we were happy with all of the dishes we ordered.
1	Horrible... Panda Express / PF Chang type food.  I was sick in the bathroom from five bites. Totally disappointed. Service was worse than turn and burn... $200 later. Sent two dishes back too. Skip the restaurant, but definitely go to the night club.
1	Im originally from ny and know good asian food. Didnt even go in with too many expectations but several people told me i had to check it out. Not only were they out of my first entre choice,  but they didnt have my second choice either. I settled for third And the meal was horrendous. We had 2 drinks each and even those were mediocre at best. Paid 150$ for a shit meal to come back to the hotel for real food
5	First time here! Food is good and customer service very good! Price is good! Love it!
3	Well, ambience was good and wine selection was great.However, the recipe for entrees may look impressive on the menu but in reality it's average. The portions were small... Service was decent and not perfectly a fine dining place. FYI, if you dine here on a busy event night (fight night, EDC etc.) You will not get into hakassan night club  with dinner reciept. Be ready to pay a hefty cover ... instead take bottle service
5	J
4	amazing services.  had some allergies and they catered to our needs.  food was excellent.  just the right proportions.  sommelier was awesome in finding the wine that fit our needs and price restrictions.  would definitely recommend.  nice choice of menu as well and especially for the non-asian guests, great recommendations and set menus to choose from.
4	A friend and I came here last night to have their Golden Week prix fixe menu offered during two weeks coinciding with the Golden Week in China.  Except for a service glitch, the meal was excellent!My dining companion and I decided we'd like to try the crab and sweet corn soup as well.  This was brought first and even though we were sharing, we were not brought smaller, separate bowls so we just ate out of our communal soup bowl.  The soup was not exceptional in any way.  In fact, I tasted just like egg drop soup.  We were not finished with this extra soup when servers brought out our small eats--the Peking duck and the steamed dim sum platter.  This was the first of two times when we were rushed by bringing out dishes when we weren't ready.  It didn't happen again when it was made clear that they should hold up on more main dishes.The Peking duck was fantastic.  Small pieces of duck with a small amount of breast with crispy skin, a thin rectangular pancake, and some crispy cucumber.  The duck was topped by Tsar Nicoulai Reserve caviar.  The flavors of the caviar with the duck and the crispy cucumber was great.  The dim sum platter consisted of har gau, scallop shumai, a perch dumpling, and a black pepper duck dumpling.  The flavors were again wonderful!The mains started arriving a bit too quickly and this is where we asked them to wait until we were finished with these first ones.  The three mains brought out were the braised whole sea bass in claypot, the crispy prawn, and the fried rice with diced abalone.  The crispy prawn was a spicy dish.  It had three green peppers with heat and it was served with dried chili and cashew nuts.  The sea bass was perfectly cooked and there were nice pieces of tofu with the bass.  The fried rice was very good!After a break, we got the last two mains--spicy Szechuan rib-eye beef and the roasted crispy chicken.  The beef was a star of the meal.  The beef was in a rich sauce, not very spicy at all despite its name, and served on a bed on enoki mushrooms.  The chicken was fairly moist and the crispy skin was a delight.  The mushrooms with the chicken were wild mushrooms and the chicken was in an oyster sauce.  For dessert, we got black sesame and chocolate dumplings with ginger/yuzu tea.  There were some small boba like lime balls on the dumplings and the dumplings were filled with a semi-sweet chocolate.  Wow!  What a way to end the meal.We were each given a large Hakkasan bag--a takeaway gift--of two yuzu macarons with a chocolate cream filling.  They did make it home, but I ate them later.  The chocolate cream and the macarons were perfect!This was a special meal and it's not a 5 star review for me this time because of the service.  With a meal like this, pacing should have been better and dishes not brought out before others were finished.  Our server, Leigh, was very knowledgable and very pleasant and she answered questions when we posed them.Hakkasan remains high on my list.  It is Las Vegas Strip pricing plus, but I think it's worth the splurge now and then.
4	Items Experienced:Crab meat and sweet corn supreme soupPeking duck with Tsar Nicoulai reserve caviar, hoisinDim sum platter - har gau, scallop shumai, perch dumpling, black pepper and pumpkin duck dumplingBraised whole seabass and egg tofu in claypotFried rice with diced abaloneCrispy prawn with dried chili and cashew nut Spicy Szechuan rib-eye beef with enoki mushrooms Roasted crispy chicken with wild mushroom in oyster sauceBlack sesame and chocolate dumplings with ginger tea and finger limeYuzu Macaron with Chocolate CreamWith Michelin stars decorating locations in New York as well as London, and a similar menu of modernized Cantonese cuisine from Chef Ho Chee Boon offered here in Las Vegas, it was only a matter of time before I visited Hakkasan at The MGM and with the 2014 "Golden Week" menu proposing an opportunity to experience a number of plates without investing in a $250+ Peking Duck or $35 fried rice it was with a friend that I finally sat down to dine amidst the darkened labyrinth beneath America's most lucrative club.  Grand in size, with soaring ceilings and dark woods juxtaposing white leather and signature styling, a meal at Hakkasan begins with check-in at an outer atrium and soon to be led between several dividers that serve to break the room into a series of alcoves it was expectedly the wine and cocktail list that arrived first, the upsale on from the start and continuing as the a la carte menu was presented with no mention of Golden Week to be found.  Pleasant and competent in service, despite obviously ignoring the notes in my reservation requesting the special menu and a seat with good light, it was with a single a la carte option that our meal began and with the intricate broth surprisingly vegetal to balance the sweetness of fresh crab I only wish we'd have had more time to enjoy it - the first course of dim sum and duck arriving hot on its heels with no more than two bites enjoyed.  Opting to set aside soup in order to focus on the progression of tastes it was with a sampling of the aforementioned duck that Golden Week began and essentially using the briny eggs to offset the fatty bird's sapor each bite was pure indulgence, the skin so thin it seemed razor cut and the attention to detail soon found to be duplicated in a steamer basket of dumplings from which both the spicy duck and creamy scallop shined.  Moving quickly to round two as I again attempted to enjoy the now-cool soup it was here that a trio of plates was presented and with promises that the 'rest' was soon to come I finally explained that the kitchen needed to slow down, a request thankfully met by allowing us to focus on what was present - the aromatic clay pot and fried rice loaded with tender abalone amongst the very best plates of the meal while the spicy shrimp in an admixture of peppers and nuts was the sort of thing I knew I'd regret later as beads of sweat burst forth from my brow.  At this point only fifty minutes into the meal it was thankfully after a short break that round three arrived and with both dishes using mushrooms as a base to impeccable proteins it was something of a surprise that the tender beef proved to be the best dish of the meal, a melting mouthfeel amidst innumerable spices and light acid that fully engaged the palate without coming off as 'hot' in the least.  Rounding out the evening it was in a bowl of six glutinous rice dumplings that we indulged and with melted dark chocolate bursting forth to mix with cells of finger lime and a broth of light ginger one could not help but swoon, a similar citrus and cocoa experience offered in a duo of golden macarons presented in a take-home box at the meal's end.Decidedly expensive for a meal that lasted just ninety minutes I remain perplexed to this moment as to why the kitchen felt the need to send plates in clusters at such a rapid rate but with that issue aside I'm happy to say that both ingredients and preparation were exquisite, the opportunity to experience the duck without investing in a whole-prep particularly welcomed considering the sizable scoops of caviar while every other plate was delicious and surprisingly well portioned considering the tasting menu format.
5	One of the BEST restaurants in Vegas!! The food is great, our favorites: the Dim Sum appetizer and Truffle Duck entree. In addition to the fabulous food the atmosphere, service, and overall dining experience is top notch. Flo, the restaurant manager, gives you the 5 Star experience and customer service every diner deserves. Love this place!!
4	Came here for a 'fancy date night' on the first night of our first ever trip to Vegas.The decor is beautiful - very modern and maze-shaped, almost like a futuristic Alice in Asian Wonderland.  The lighting could have been a bit brighter, as the menus were a bit difficult to read in the dark and I could hardly see myself in the bathroom mirror.Hakkasan's menu is extensive, featuring dozens of upscale Chinese cuisine options.  With so many choices, we ordered four plates and shared.  The Crispy Duck Salad was the best of the bunch, with the Braised Pork Belly a close second.  Both were some of the best Chinese dishes I've had in my life.  The Stir-Fry Udon Noodle with Shredded Duck and Fried Soft Shell Crab were both good but not amazing - of comparable quality to other high end Chinese places I've eaten at.We finished our meal with a couple Irish Coffees.  After such a heavy meal, they were the perfect pick-me-up to send us on our way to a night of drinking and gambling.Not sure I'll return with so many other places to try on the Strip, but definitely a memorable dinner and a great spot to bring a date or your foodie friends!
5	The ambiance of his place is fantastic. The dim, blue lighting sets a romantic mood. It feels like you in another world, very cozy, maze like. Food was very authentic, so if you're in the mood for some fancy, real Japanese cuisine it's a must. One of the best dumplings I've had in a long time. You can tell they're just not your ordinary frozen, "out ofa box" dumpling, for sure they're hand made.
4	Pleasantly surprised. Food was great, service was good and nice atmosphere.  Of course we ate early so it wasn't crowded. I will definitely come back for the stir fry ribeye!!
5	Food was great... Mongolian beef was a great portion size with large chunks of beef.  Menu is basically a la carte, so get some rice and an appetizer to share if your are hungry.  Cool atmosphere, dark with soft lighting.  The architecture and design was invredible.  Ling Ling Lounge upstairs is a cool place for drinks after dinner.  We liked it better than the club.  It had a dj, and the music wasn't too loud.  People can still talk easily.
3	If Hakkasan the nightclub is anything like Hakkasan the Restaurant I'll probably wait to head back. There is one very common ingredient that seperates a $10-15 entree from a $30+ one - and it has nothing to do with food. That ingredient is service. I can find a $15 steak around Las Vegas almost as easily as I can find $1 bud lights. The reason I occasionally pay $40 for a steak is because the service I get at the $40 joint vs. the $10 dive is better. The wait staff is more attentive, the ambiance is nicer, it's just a fancier experience start to finish. With all of that said, while Hakkasan does have some good grub, their service is not up to par with the other high end Strip restaurants. They are probably 4-5 stars on food and 2 stars on service, for this one I'm rounding down.Our waitress wasn't awful, but when the dining fare is $65 a head (our bill was $130 for 2) I expect my glass to remain full, the table to remain clean, and the waitress to remain present. That wasn't a regular occurance on my latest visit to Hakkasan. The food itself was pretty solid. The Roasted Chilean Sea Bass is definitely my favorite item on the menue. Sweet and flaky, this fish is not fishy at all and is cooked to perfection. We began our meal with the steamed dumplings. Very good, you get 2 of the same flavor and four different flavors. 3 of the 4 included shrimp, the other had duck - all of them were tasty. In addition to the Sea Bass we went with a Pork Belly dish. Not sure what I was expecting, but I didn't love this. Way too fatty of a piece of meat for me, though when I did get a bite of actual pork that was very good. The sticky buns that came with the dish were also really good. Our waitress had a chronic case of RBF (urban dictionary that - you're welcome). Not her fault (I don't think), but it didn't help the cause.For $135 there is better service and better food on the Las Vegas Strip. I can't say I'd go out of my way to dine here again, nor would I want to sway someone from trying Hakkasan. It's good, just don't set your expectations too high from a service standpoint.
5	Finally I got the chance to come and eat at this place that I have heard a lot about. The decor is amazingly beautiful, dimly lit and maze like. It is an authentic Cantonese Cuisine. My friends and I had Crispy duck salad with pomelo, pomegranate and pine nut; Hakka fried dim sum platter roasted duck pumpkin puff, XO scallop puff, crispy prawn dumpling; Braised tiger prawn claypot with taro in Mandarin sauce; Hakka noodle with mushrooms and Chinese chive; and Stir-fry udon noodle with shredded duck and XO sauce. The beef dish was my favorite. They were excellent. The waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable. If you come on Thursday and Sundays and you have dinner you can go the nightclub for free. It is usually min of $30 for ladies. Hakassan's revenge story is pretty interesting and it took $100 million to built this place.
5	When thinking of a high end Las Vegas Restaurant Hakkasan definitely covers all aspects. The interior is absolutely beautiful and designed down to the littlest details. The music was a nice low tasteful up beat sound. The food was all delicious. We decided to go family style and had the Duck Salad (highly recommended), Salt and Pepper Squid, Dim Sum platter all to start for appetizers. Main courses we the Seabass, Spicy Prawn and the Black Pepper Ribeye. Everything we ate was delicious but I could eat the Seabass and Duck Salad everyday they were both so good. The service was on point and the server was very helpful with helping us decide on the menu. I would definitely come back and recommend this excellent dinning experience.
5	So many things here that I love to eat it's hard to start somewhere. The scallops and crispy duck salad to start is amazing. No seriously the crispy duck salad is life changing. Then for your main course the fried rice is a must and I recommend the Mongolian beef to go with it. The restaurant it self has an amazing atmosphere with a cool vibe. It's one of my go to spots to eat when taking my girl out.
5	Probably my 30th time eating at this restaurant and as always this place never fails to deliver spectacular food and cocktails. My favourite is the duck salad and sea bass, you will not try a better version anywhere else! The Hakka cocktail is unreal if you have a sweet tooth. The atmosphere like all the Hakkasan restaurants, is classy and trendy with great lighting. I strongly suggest you try this restaurant if you live in Vegas or just visiting.
5	Hakkasan Restaurant is def the most high end Chinese spot in town. They pay attention  to detail more than any place I've ever been to. The service is great and the food is to die for. I suggest the duck salad as an appetizer and the miso cod for an entree. You can't go wrong with these two dishes. Reservation is highly recommended as they fill up fast on weekends.
5	The crispy duck salad might be one of the best dishes I've ever tasted! I pretty much licked the plate clean. Also had the champagne cod which was good but the duck salad is better. My boyfriend doesn't like a wide variety of foods and even he loved this place. Fruit platter for dessert which was much too expensive for what you get. I ordered it for the exotic fruits which you don't get many of --the dish is mostly pineapple. Also, expected to see some durian but no luck. Besides dessert everything was worth the price paid and much more. I would eat the duck salad for breakfast, lunch and dinner if I could.
5	Las Vegas in 24 hours? Yes, it can be done! with so many selections of restaurants, how do you decide? Ask your Yelper Foodie Pendo to make a decision for her birthday and she made the right one. Couldn't ask for a better atmosphere, taste and company. Our waiter took a little time to warm up, but once he noticed we were not the young, pretentious LA girls, he was pleasant and friendly and got our jokes. The DUCK SALAD is to die for, me not being a health conscious kind of gal, this was delicious. I would have eaten it all by myself, but since we did family style dining, had to share. The noodles with also duck was spicy, but flavorful. With an Asian menu, I expected a variety of noodle dishes, but there was only 2. The other with the dreaded mushrooms, so stuck with the duck too. Wasn't disappointed. What was hilarious and entertaining was the dessert. Chocolate Balls. Very interesting concept. Mochi, with melted chocolate in the center, so when you bite into it or you have to put the whole ball in your mouth, it pops and chocolate gushes out. I'm now excited to try the one in Beverly HIlls, apparently a different menu, so I would like to get the dim sum. Overall, a ultra, hip dining experience Las Vegas style.
5	This review is solely on the restaurant side and not the nightclub. This is also a late review of almost a year!Hakkasan on a service level is excellent even though I tend to weigh the quality of the food more than the service in my reviews. The decor and ambiance made me feel like I was back in the City in the Bay or some downtown Metropolitan Area. A big area with many partitions that feels private. Wood & Blue.I don't really eat any Asian food besides Japanese and haven't fucked with Chinese food in a long time. Not a fan of hoisin or fish sauce either....Saying that, Hakkasan is probably the best tasting Chinese restaurant..fuck labels...one of the best tasting restaurants in Las Vegas!I went with some friends I worked with and we spent a total of around $400.These are the items we ordered in the order that they came out in:Hakka Steamed Dim Sum Platter - Too fishy and not my type of dishCrispy Duck Salad - This was great balance of duck and greensFried Soft Shell Crab & Curry Leaf & Chili - Out of the starters this was the best. With a little bit of rice on the side with soft shell crab...the outside was fried but with every bite, there was a blast of flavor and juicesStir Fry Black Pepper Beef Ribeye - Very goodMongolian Style Beef Tenderloin - Out of the two beef dishes, this was more flavorful and tasted better.Roasted Chilean Sea Bass w/ Chinese Honey - The best dish that we had by far. Buttery, juicy, sweet goodness that seemed to just meltPassion Fruit Panna Cotta - PerfectoChocolate & Black Sesame Cremeux - Not as good as the Panna Cotta but still goodOverall a great experience and highly recommended!
1	Dude kicked us out for doing coke. We don't do drugs! Check the freakin restroom more often. We don't do drugs. And I guess we don't pay the bill either. My credit is still there and I cancelled it.  Oops
5	Hands down the place you need to go to eat while in Vegas (if you can score a reservation). Place has a chill vibe to it and the food is exquisite. I've been to the original Hakkassan in London and the food is identical. Definitely go for the steamed dim sum platter and the Chilean Sea Bass in Chinese honey sauce. It will be the best thing you've ever put in your mouth, hands down. If you're in the mood, patrons of the restaurant get complimentary access to the Hakkasan night club so you can burn those calories off. Again this place is simply amazing.
4	We made a reservation here and am very happy we tried this place. We ordered the dim sum steamed platter, pepper steak and duck udon. Everything was flavorful and tender... But cost way too much (-1). It's a great place to try once or maybe for date night but I find it unlikely for me to return to try again.
4	One word for the dining experience here: AMAZING!! Loved the decor, the menu, and the ambience.Food was what you would expect it to be, Asian Chinese food, without the oily grease flavor from the normal food places.If you're here, enjoy the following:- dim sum (oh yea. We needed up ordering twice)- scallion and egg rice- spicy sauced dishes (more schezwan than Cantonese, which is spicy)Also really liked the nice hot towels at the end of the meal to clean your hands and mouth. Nice touch.
