5	I love this place! The new owners are very friendly and they did very good job on my nails. This is my new favorite place to get my nails done.
5	Best mani/pedi that I've received in North Las Vegas. They took their time and the price was well worth it!
5	This place has been my favorite for a long time, I wont go anywhere else to get my pedicures. They are very friendly, caring and always do an amazing job. You also get great service for a good price :)
2	I liked the service they were very nice, however their gel nail work is horrible I got mine done today and they look a week old, I liked how they did my eyebrows but that was about it..
5	I really don't want anyone to know about this hidden gem.. but they deserve the credit!!I have been looking for a good place for a pedi since i got back to Vegas a couple of months ago.. Tried a few places but wasn't impressed at all.Then I read the reviews on yelp and decided to give Ruby nails a try.I made an appointment and arrived on Wed. and it was empty.. so Michelle the owner, took care of me. I had the Deluxe Pedi since I am going away  for a month or so and don't want to have to look for somewhere to get a pedi while away.She did an excellent job.. perfect, just how I love it.. she used the tools I like.. took her time with me. (I had plenty of time) and did a great job.The salon is extremely clean and everything looks brand new, the massage chairs were so comfy I could have fallen asleep.This will be my go to place for pedis that is for sure!!
5	This is definitely the Best place to get your nails done!! My pedicure was the Best I've ever had!! Michelle assisted me and she is super sweet and very accomadating!! I'll be back for sure!! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5	Ruby nails is the best salon I have been to in this town. I have been going there since it first opened. The previous salons I have gone to before Ruby's cannot even compare. The high quality service and reasonable prices they provide makes them a five star business. I am very impressed with their cleanliness and friendly enviroment. They put pride into their work.
5	I have lived in North Las Vegas for a few years and have tried just about every nail salon in my area. I found that most rush through services and even damage or hurt my nails and cuticles. I never knew Ruby Nails was right next to my house! They are hidden in the back of a strip mall.  Michelle was my nail tech and she did a wonderful job. She took her time and made sure I felt relaxed.  Their prices are also much lower than a lot of salons I have been too. I will definitely be going back soon!
5	This is definitely the Best place to get your nails done!! My pedicure was the Best I've ever had!! Michelle assisted me and she is super sweet and very accomadating!! I'll be back for sure!! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5	This is the place for the BEST pedicure in the world!!! The staff is super sweet, very accommodating and caring. It's also very clean!! Michelle assisted me and did an excellent job on my pedicure and manicure!! I was absolutely happy with my nails!! I'm now a customer forever! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5	This is the place for the BEST pedicure in the world!!! The staff is super sweet, very accommodating and caring. It's also very clean!! Michelle assisted me and did an excellent job on my pedicure and manicure!! I was absolutely happy with my nails!! I'm now a customer forever! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5	This is the place for the BEST pedicure in the world!!! The staff is super sweet, very accommodating and caring. It's also very clean!! Michelle assisted me and did an excellent job on my pedicure and manicure!! I was absolutely happy with my nails!! I'm now a customer forever! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5	I moved to North side and tried new nail places.. couldn't find any good nail shops around here so I was searching and I found this place with Yelp.I went there last night.. I went there kind of late and had only hour left to closing time.Their service was great still and have reasonable price for the designs that I asked.. they charged me cheaper than other places.I love designs so I always get some stones or drawings things like that.. some places are so expensive and they don't know how to make it right.. feels like  getting rip off..But this place is very satisfied! I like the owner Ruby too. She is so nice!I would go back there again.
5	I moved to Vegas about 2 years ago. Previous to that I would occasionally get my nails done (full set) but I didn't enjoy going back every 2 weeks for fills. I am, sadly, a stress- induced nailbiter so I really never had a need to go and get my nails done (too old for proms and what have you).My best friend ended up moving out here a few months ago and she's a big mani-pedi person and gets the gel nail polish. She asked if I knew of any good places and I didn't so she got on Yelp to see what North Vegas had to offer. She saw the reviews and outstanding rating so she maid an appointment for us both to get mani-pedis. Pedis first:Michelle took care of me and her husband took care of my friend and it was amazing. I never had a spa pedicure before and let me just say... the scrub and those hot rocks are absolute Heaven! We are both flip-flops girls so our heels were looking pretty rough. When they were done our feet looked absolutely amazing and the experience was so relaxing. Not to mention the price is killer! I thought it would be more so it just added to my experience.Manis next:Michelle did both of our manis and again it was the best mani experience I've had. Normally nail techs at other salons look at my fingers and think "dear got what has she done... cuticles suck... nails hardly exist" and I end up bleeding often as they tear at my cuticles (makes me dread a next appointment). Not her. She was very gentle with my disasters for hands and cleaned them all up without making me wince or bleed once. I had actually even forgotten to tell her I wanted a full set put on and, despite being close to their closing time, she didn't skip a beat and was so kind and wonderful and did my full set for me.They are enjoyable to be around, they talk and joke with you. The facility is so clean and nice. I know there are a couple nail places closer to my house, but I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else. Their customer service is second to none. They take pride in their business and it shows. A+ for sure.
5	I loved this place so much. Beautiful inside, very clean, and nice equipment The pedicure chairs are amazing, and you can get a mani/pedi for $35. I will be coming back again
5	Thank you Kim for the good and relaxing spa pedicure.. The use of hot stones when my legs/feet were being massaged felt good too even though different.. And they were friendly too.. Will definitely go back! :)
5	I'm sitting here now and this place is wonderful! The lady and man who own it are both really kind people. I only live 2 miles from here and now that I've discovered it,I'm going to come here all the time!!
1	This place was terrible!!  I just moved to this side of town and I was searching for a new  nail place.  I found them on Yelp and was so impressed with the comments that I had to try them.There were numerous issues:1.  I called for an appointment and still waited almost 40 minutes past my appointment time...even though I arrived 10 minutes early.2.  I started with the owner, Michelle.  She did a fantastic job on two of my nails.  Then two regulars came in...who had appointments and she left me to go with one of them.  Hardly the way a new customer should be treated...especially if you want them to be a regular.3.  I was handed off to someone with very little to no experience.  He was so unaware of what was happening that he tried to use the dremel to file down my nails that had already been filed down because he thought there was already acrylic on them.  His hands were shaking...and he didn't listen when I asked for the acrylic to be thin.  My nails ended up being very lumpy and very thick.  The straw that broke the camels back was when he picked up the dremel and immediately hit my cuticle.  I backed up and stated I would wait for Michelle to finish with her customer.4.  Michelle immediately stopped what she was doing to finish up with me.  She did what she could to smooth out the ridges and lumps and make the nails as thin as possible.  I did have to ask her to go over my nails with the gel twice because she was missing the top corners...and I had to ask her to smooth some lumps and the unevenness of the acrylic.  That is something I don't think I should have to ask for.  She should be able to see where gel or polish is missing and correct it herself.  Instead, I felt like she was in a hurry to get me done and she didn't care.5.  Overall, I considered going back after all that...but today I've noticed the gel is cracking and chipping...not to mention, she didn't file the side edges of my nails and now they are growing out and lifting.  Poor quality for sure.  Not worth the $30 I paid.
5	I moved to north last Vegas from California last week and was in need of a nail salon. I feel like I've found the holy grail! Michelle did my nails and I haven't had a better experience at any other nail salon. Honestly I've always bounced around salons trying to find something that's good quality and great service. This is both. I'm going in next week for a spa pedicure which she swears are amazing so I'll update then! If you're looking for a place id honestly recommend stopping in. I always call for an apt. Just setting yourself up for better service. Thank you Michelle for such great service !
5	Wow the previous reviews are all spot on!  This place is a gem!  One if the fastest and best pedicures I have ever had. Very detailed and they really do a lot of massage with the orange scrub then again with the hot stones which was amazing. Plus it was also very affordable.  They didn't try to up sell me on any thing like some if the other salons, they just did it as part of the basic price ($25).  AMAZING!!  I will be back and often!
4	This place is awesome!! I walked inn and it was nice and clean I mean really clean. :) Costumer service was great, friendly & comfy. I got the gel deluxe pedicure & gel full set. This was one of the best pedicures I've ever had. They take their time, use really good products, and hot stones! Massaging  chairs are fantastic. My full set came out super cute. Love my nails definitely a must go to place to experience it your selfs.:)
2	Read the good reviews decided to try it. I was a walk in friendly helped right away ( it was early morning) any ways she didn't know how to do the shape I wanted I settled for a  pointed almond. It cost extra for that don't know why... They were to thin And 2 days later it looked like I needed a fill. Plus it took her over an hour to do . I spent 35 with tip plus I brought my own polish so it really wasn't worth it ....I'll go else where next time
5	Great experience here. Very friendly to walk-ins. The deluxe pedicure is FANTASTIC and includes sugar scrub, hot stone massage & mud treatment. I recommend it & will be back!!!
1	I made an appointment for Saturday at 5pm for 3 people a few days prior.  When I got there on Saturday, an employee looked at me and was wondering why I was there.  I told her I had an appointment.  She said they would be closed at 5pm and there is no appointment.  When I insisted that I had an appointment, she finally looked at the calendar and said, "ok, your appointment is 3 pedicures, right?"  She had forgotten my appointment... :(  This gets worse!  Not only they forgot my appointment, they didn't have enough staff to provide the service to 3 of us.  When we told them, we made the appointment prior to Saturday, instead of apologizing, she kept making excuses by saying that they were short staff..  (how about call me and tell me they wouldn't able to provide the service?)  I also asked for design, but they only had 4 samples to choose from and didn't even bother asked me which design I wanted, and just finished without giving me the design.They might do a good job on other days, but I don't recommend going there when they want to close early even thought their website said they open until 7pm!!
5	Best pedicure I've ever had. I don't want to go anywhere else. The only tiny comment I have is that there wasn't any music playing in the salon so it was strangely quiet but I still recommend this place to all my friends.
2	Absolutely terrible. They had no interaction with me. I asked for a specific nail design and the lady told me no because she couldn't do it, like I was not paying for the services. They could not even slide my card properly, it took them 45 minutes to process my payment. Also, they have a very limited staff. When I went they had three people running around helping 5 plus. My pedicure was very relaxing though, and for a manicure and pedicure it was a very reasonable price of $40.
1	I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I read all the great reviews and thought great i could get cute nails for prom, so i made an appointment a week prior. The day of my appointment i went in and she forgot me! So she made me wait. i waited and while she was doing my nails a walk in came in and i asked her if she could do a simple design on all my nails she said no to me! i was mad and she said to dry my nails so i did, and she said ok your ready to go i reached in my purse to get my wallet and the nail polish came off! She asked me to wait for her AGAIN! I said no i will be back first thing in the morning before prom and i went back and it was empty but she still did not want to add simple strip design on my nails because she didn't have time.... i will not be back!!
5	Just moved in the area had terrible luck until I found ruby nails! It's less than a mile from home and they r amazing great work very nice I will def be coming back! Shauna did an amazing job on my nails I told her something simple but elegant and she delivered! I will def be back! ;)
3	Under new mgmt???!!  Where's Ruby??  . I had to settle for another lady. Hope she's as good as Ruby was. I'll update later after I get my pedi. Does anyone know where Ruby is?
4	I have been to this shop 2xs now. I'm in love with their pedicures!!! That's the reason I decided to come back. I've never got a design from here yet that's why I'm only putting 4stars, maybe when I go back I'll try to ask for a design. Each time I've got the deluxe pedi and gel manicure with just one color. This time I did ask them to add a little glitter to the tips. I haven't been disappointed yet. The pedis are so nice & relaxing and for a decent price. Been to other nail shops in Vegas and this so far is my favorite for pedis.
5	I posted a review before about how amazing this place is. Ruby Nails has new management now and is even more amazing. Prices are still fantastic and everything I loved before about it is still the same, but Shauna, the new owner, is awesome with designs. I get overlays done and can bring her in any picture of nails and she will do them just like it. She also has tons of design examples on display to help with any undecided nail design enthusiasts. (Mind you I only see Shauna, I cannot comment on the others there). My husband and I also get pedicures done and the massages are to die for. I'm always nervous techs will hurt me, but I've had nothing but positive experiences here. She also does a frequent customer rewards thing.
5	I work right across the way from these guys when ruby sold the shop I was sad. But the new people here seem very friendly they took us in right away no appt.  They offer a wide variety of pedicure options . The ice cream. Pedi sounded great but I'm on a budget so we opted for the simple deluxe pedi for $35 . They give a hot stone massage with purchase.  Very clean environment I just wish they had music. Smells good in here too. And for the guy who I've heard people's opinion about. He did a fantastic job on my massage and the overall health of my nails was tended to. I also got french tip and he did great!
5	Love, love, love this place! They are under new ownership and they definitely know how to take care of their customers. Be good to them and they will be good to you! Gel mani and deluxe pedi! I will get all gel next time for sure!!!
5	5 stars!!!!  Yes!!!  I was sadden when I heard that Ruby was no longer there...and a bit skeptical of letting someone new do my pedicure but.......OMG....Ms Kim is the best!  I've been bk  twice (every 2 wks I go). I get the $35 pedi & it puts me to sleep. Relaxes me & actually it's better than what I've had before. She really takes her time. My feet are still smooth, and my polish hasn't chipped yet. I recommend this place!  She's such a sweet lady :)
4	I felt so relaxed and my nails look stunning!!! I'm definitely returning
5	Everything is so clean. Staff are professional and courteous. I live in Cali, but look forward to coming here when I'm in town. In fact, my DH persuades me to go to Vegas by offering to get me a pedicure. My experience has been consistent, even though I've been serviced by different staff members.
5	Wonderful place. The ladies were very nice and meticulous.  The attention to detail by Shawna was amazing.
5	Shauna is AMAZING!  I like nail art and so I find a design I like and bring it in with me.  Shauna has been able to match it every time! I get the gel manicure and it will usually lasts at least 2 weeks (I had worn them for 3 before).  I always leave there completely in love with my nails!   Make sure to call for an appointment though - it is a small shop and if they are busy they will turn customers away (which I think is much nicer than having a customer sit down and wait indefinitely).
5	Again clean and organized.  This is my regular mail place and I'll never go anywhere else again! !
4	Was in town and wanted, needed a pedi....saw the reviews and decided this was within reason for travel time and it received fairly good reviews....I was not disappointed with the service, although I thought it was a bit pricey. It was clean and comfortable and they were able to get me in without an appointment. Would go again if I am in town and need the same service.
4	I've only been once for a gel manicure, and I absolutely was pleased with the results. Very big part that made me happy was they did what I requested. This was very important to me being that my regular nail lady told me what I wanted would take too long and she was only willing to put the design on one nail as opposed to all of them. Mind you it was just a  simple bow, AND I was paying for it, not asking for a freebie!  I wore my manicure on vacation and beat it up in the pool and at the beach with little damage. I tried to return for new set, but the wait was 1.5 hours. Whilev that can be seen two ways, I just get ansy and want what I want when I want it. So I went to thebold place where I said I would not return. Although, I have always thought my old place was good, Ruby Nails is better. I will need to just make an appointment next time.
2	Went in twice and had a great experience ! The two star rating is about the last experience I had with the older lady that wears glasses (wish I had a name) . She did a gel manicure and I was unhappy from the moment she started . I had two tell her that the french tip she was doing wasn't even more than once and each time she looked up at me with an attitude and grunted . It's her job to do my nails correctly and I shouldn't have to tell her how to do my nails . Two days later all the gel on my nails started peeling off ! Gel nails should last at least 10 days so the fact that I payed 40$ for something that lasted two days is unacceptable ! BUT Shauna did nail art on my nails that looks fabulous and seems to be lasting !! In the future I won't let the lady mentioned touch my nails unless I have 40$ to legit throw away .
1	PLUS THEY RESPOND TO YOUR YELP REVIEWS A GUY CALLED PHUONG P. was so "professional" to respond to my message the following "thank you, never come" As If I wanted to be back, how unprofessional and rude they are.  He wrote this after this following review..... I've been there twice, my second time with them was awful!!!!! I got my gel manicure with the guy that works there. My manicure was done so bad with so many layers of gel I needed to go back to redo it. When I walk in the guy recognized me, I told him the issue that my nails looked so thick and bad like if I did them myself, he looked at them, agreed with me and started to fix them. The problem started when he didn't want to fix them all and I swear I'm very busy customer but I wasn't going to let him fix some and leave the others looking so ugly. He then called a girl that works there and they both started speaking in their language then she turn to me and said "sorry gel looks like this always we can not fix it but we can make acrylic for you and just charge you $30, I of course didn't accept, I've payed $30 already for the gel manicure I was for sure not going to pay other $30. I told her if she couldn't fix them then she could just remove the gel and give me my money back. I swear those words were magic she quickly called me to her chair and fixed my nails to a normal gel manicure. The older lady that was cutting her veggies out in one of the tables was super rude saying all kind of things in her language about me and giving me the dirtiest look. There is many places that will do the same job around the neighborhood and for less money, Nu nails for example $20 for a gel manicure and much more nicer people
5	I went for my first time a few days ago, based on Yelp reviews alone. I'm happy I did!I went in for a gel mani & eyebrow wax, both done by Shauna (hoping that's how she spells it?). I found a picture on Pinterest of the design & colors I wanted and she did a great job! I love them and get constant compliments. My eyebrows look great, too!I didn't feel rushed like at some other salons I've been to, so that was another nice thing. I'm going to go back for a pedi as well so I can experience that, too :)
1	I showed up at 6 and sign says they don't close till 7 . She asked what I needed and I said a fill.  She spoke whatever language with the other lady and said we are closed . But there sign was on. Horrible!   they close at 6 everyone!
4	This was my first time here & I have to say, I was impressed!Ive been to several other salons around town & all of them dont seem to care about the quality of their work like this salon does.I got the deluxe pedicure & WOW! Definitely worth the money! They do the salt scrub, hot stone massage & mask which all-in-all, is a great relaxing experience.I also got a fill with a design & the lady who did my nails was able to apply a design that I referenced for her. It was a coffin shape with two different designs & she nailed it!The only reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because once people started showing up, I felt a little rushed to get my services done.Other than that, I will be returning!
5	This is my favorite nail place!! I was led here due to the glistening reviews of this place, and I was not let down!I started off getting a french gel mani. The last time I got a french gel mani in Texas, it cost me $40 ($35 for gel+$5 for french), I was so put off! The nail tech made it look soooo thick! The white tips looked like they were just painted across. I ended up with extremely thick unevenly-tipped gel nails! I was so afraid I was going to experience the same thing here since prices here are only $30 flat for gel or french gel! Oh my gosh they came out beauuuutiful! Tips are perfect, and my nails are so shiny and even! I also got a pedicure (the basic $25), and it was the BEST pedicure of my life!! About a quarter into my pedicure, I thought he heard me say the wrong package because the pedicure was soo thorough and amazing! They cut your cuticles, scrub ur calluses, exfoliate your legs, massage your legs with hot rocks(!!), anddd they color your toesies!This just became my to-go nail place!! My only gripe about this place is that they do tend to shut down the place a bit early if it's a slow night! Plan to come 1.5 hours before closing! I also only saw 3 licenses on the wall so I assume there's only 3 nail techs there! Cross your fingers it doesnt become busy by the time ou go!
5	Love this place! They are extremely friendly, kind and professional. I wanted a specific color and design and they went above and beyond to accommodate my request. The best pedicure I've ever received. This has turned into my favorite, go-to nail spot.
1	If I could give them no stars I would. I came in and couldn't understand why there were only two workers on a Saturday afternoon. They asked me to wait 30 minutes for a pedicure and since the reviews were so good, I figured it would be worth it. After 30 minutes they brought me and another person to chairs at the same time but decided to work on the other girl first that had only been waiting for 5 minutes. After an hour and 15 minutes no one still started my pedicure! Water was cold and everything. Even when someone finished a mani, they took someone new and didn't mind that I was sitting in cold water. I guess they're good if they actually get to your nails.
5	My review has been long overdue! Shauna is the best nail person ever! Since the first time I came here I've been hooked and I keep coming back and bringing friends! Not only are the people nice and professional but they do a wonderful job on your nails.... Throughout the last couple of months I've had flawless nails with lots of compliments...Today I got my new year gel nails with a cute design and the matching pedi! I'm a lifetime customer, thank you Shauna!
5	Shauna is amazing. So talented and patient. She takes her time with each customer. Although you may be waiting for a while, the wait is worth it. I love that there are so many colors choose from. I've lived here for 5 years and out of all the places I've been to, this place is the best. With great reasonable prices as well. Thank you guys for your service!
