3	Arrowhead mall location that is relatively unknown to most shoppers at this mall.  It's somewhat central in the mall, down one of the little north hallways by an entrance.  There aren't mainstream shops surrounding it, so many people don't bother with this little hallway.Service is subpar at this location, and I've had some issues with them being out of drip coffee (how can they screw this up, especially when it is not busy?).  So, this place has a record in my Starbucks history for giving out the most free cups of coffee, although I had to wait a few minutes for them.
5	I work in the mall, so I'm in here quite a bit. The employees are always friendly, do their best to remember me by name, and go above and beyond like I've heard Starbucks does (yet never actually seen until this location.) I've tried to pay with a gift card and was short a buck or two, but they gave me my scone anyway and just said "no problem." I've spilled an entire drink all over the counter and before it was even cleaned up, there was a new drink waiting for me. Most recently, I tried one of the Cool Lime Refreshers, and the woman making the drink said, "Is this your first time trying it? Before you head out, try it and if you don't like it, I can make something else for you." How cool is that?They make the drinks at lightning speed and I've never asked to have one remade, so I'm pretty happy with this location.
5	This place is super rad staff is freakin awesome.
5	This location by far has the best customer service. Like all Starbucks they offer the same great products but this location has service with a smile down pat. It is a smaller location in the corner of the mall near the exit that stays busy. The system they have and the amount of staff they have on hand the wait time quick.
2	These must be the most miserable employees at any Starbucks I've ever been to. Not friendly at all. Customer service? Seriously lacking. So why do I come here? Desperation or if I didn't have time to make it to a Starbucks before work. And the coffee is good. At least they get that right.
3	Hung out here while waiting for a movie. Nice outside patio area to hang out. Staff was kinda rude when I asked some questions.
4	Great service, usually very busy, however they've not made a mistake on my order before despite their volume. Kind and friendly service from the staff members. Clientele varies as its a mall, yet I've never run into any unruly individuals...
