5	Innate Dog Training is the best dog training company in Las Vegas. The trainer is very knowledgeable in what he does. Whether you want just basic commands, sit, stay etc. or have a challenging pup, he gets results fast. I have an aggresssive pup that just terrorizes my other dog. He has trained her where I now have control of the little imp. Under his guidance & with his patience I now have both dogs eating next to each other, sleeping together & playing nice & I don't worry that they will get into a dog fight. I now have two very well mannered dogs who go everywhere with me. He is a professional who takes pride in his work. He is always willing to answer any questions I might have, even after our sessions. He is a special trainer, honest, caring & compassionate. I highly recommend Innate Dog Training for all your training needs.
5	How do we love Nate's training? Let us count the ways. One bark for the patience and love for animals. Two barks for the followup after training. Three barks for helping me learn to train my own dogs so I have the best dogs on the block. Four barks for continuous weekend training after you finish the paid program for continued socialization and tune ups. And five barks for consistent, indisputable results. That's five barks! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF!!
5	The consummate professional, Nathan is very knowledgable and always a pleasure to deal with. He has helped our family with a over zealous lab and she has been a blessing since he trained her. Highly recommend him and his service to all! Thanks Nathan!
5	Nathan @ Innate Dog training helped me with my 2 gsd Ziva & Gibbs. They have been trained in basic obedience, distraction work, & protection training. Each dog can bowl, sled,zipline & surf! These dogs go where I go! Great temperaments that started with the best foundation a dog owner can ask for. INNATE DOG TRAINING IS the way to go!
1	I turned to Innate Dog Training when I realized that my once pleasant, happy-go-lucky, easy-to-get-along-with lab shepherd mix, Jimmy, needed further training.  I wish that I could give 5-stars like the other reviews but, given my experiences, I'm not able to.  My husband and I had planned to go on our first weekend trip since moving here and needed to board our dog (which we'd never done).  But where he once got along with all pooches, his behavior around new dogs was now unpredictable and sometimes volatile since our move across country.  We sent him to a popular doggy day care for a "test run" prior to our trip and were asked to pick him up because he wasn't socializing well with others.  I was devastated and ready to cancel our trip.  I called Nathan based on yelp recommendations and he seemed confident he could help us.  Our first phone conversation in June was pleasant.  We threw around the idea of an appointment later that day but ultimately settled on a day later in the week when my husband would be home.  Later that same day, Nate rang my doorbell.  He'd accidentally scheduled the appointment for that day and we went on with the meeting since he was already there (he stated he was preoccupied because his grandmother had had a stroke recently).  He suggested behavior modification training, explained the process and the tools, and suggested boarding at his home for socialization.  I left a deposit for training and scheduled a few days later for Nate to pick Jimmy up.  I sent Jimmy off for boarding a couple of days before our trip.  The plan was for approximately 2 weeks of boarding for socialization.  During and after our trip I'd contact Nate and ask for updates or photos and would either not get a response or would get something that didn't answer my questions.  For example, I asked how he was doing and if he was adjusting well to sleeping in a crate and I'd get a response that he was doing well and playing with other dogs right now.  After a while of not responding I pressed him for answers and he stated his grandfather had been rushed to the hospital so he was unable to get in contact.  When we were back from our trip we asked when my husband could come see him and Nathan would say that his classes were cancelled due to the heat (understandably) and he wouldn't be in the park that day.  My husband, wanting to see his only "son", would have driven anywhere at any time to see him, even if the park classes were cancelled.  But he never gave us any options to see him.  Finally, he offered my husband a small window of time to meet at a park across town.  And I hadn't seen my dog in over a week but my schedule didn't allow me to join my husband.  When boarding was over we tried multiple times to start scheduling training.  I work 3 days a week and we, for some reason, couldn't come together on a time.  We did schedule something once (a month after our original meeting) but Nate had to cancel the night before due to personal reasons (his air conditioner broke - I fully understand and respect that people have lives, so I don't begrudge him that but we're a month from our original meeting and still no training sessions.).  He didn't contact me about rescheduling for a few days.  I was becoming skeptical and thinking that he wasn't the trainer for us, but I would tell him which days I was off, and he'd respond with suggestions for completely different days to schedule training.  I am sure that Nate is as fantastic of a trainer as everyone says he is, but I found that a lack of communication, poor customer service skills, and I guess difficulty coming together between both of our schedules made this trainer a bad fit for us, so I'll never know.  As a sidenote, Jimmy's blanket is still at Nate's house and I guess that's a blanket we'll never see again since I've texted a couple of times about it.
5	After we lost our lab of over 12 years, we went out and rescued 2... YES... 2... 8 week old boys. What were we thinking! We knew we had to start training and fast before they got control over us. We contacted our vet and who gave us  the information for Innate Dog Training. Our first meeting left us skeptical. We thought how are we going to get these dogs to learn all of the things Nate is saying they will do? Well, THEY DO! They are doing great! It is a process and depends on the owner doing their homework. We are so proud of their progress. Thankfully, Nate is patient which is important, since as it turned out ,we needed more training then the dogs!  We highly recommend Innate Dog Training!!
5	I met Nate from Innate Dog Training thru a friend 2 yrs ago. I was so impressed at how well behaved his 5 dogs were since training with Innate Dog Training. I have 2 Bloodhounds and had been thru 2 previous trainers. The first claimed to be the "Dog Whisperer of Las Vegas" He was NOT!!!! After hundreds of dollars and failure, we were referred to Sitmeansit training. They basically made my Male Bloodhound aggressive by using a shock collar on him. Again after Thousands of dollars wasted. I decided to give Nate a try as my last effort. Well HALLELUJAH!!!!!!!  Finally someone who knows what he is talking about. Our first meeting with Nate was him teaching US how to use the leash and collars, so basically the first session he was training US, we ALL don't think we need training but we do. After the first session, I made a call to Nate a few days later because my male bloodhound Gunner (with the aggression) came at me. Nate met me that day and away he went with Gunner. He had Gunner for a month, but called to give me updates, the day he brought Gunner home, I was shocked, I could of sworn it wasn't my Gunner, but it was and the results were AMAZING!!!! The aggression is gone, He now has respect for us. We can walk him and Gabby without them dragging us down the street,they stay right by our side, they both know Sit, Down and stay along with other commands. They both now do 2 hrs of down- stay a night with no problem. Those who know the bloodhound breed know that this is unheard of,  they are a very Stubborn breed, but this is what you get with Innate Dog Training, proven results. I 100% recommend Nate to anyone who is looking for a kind, patient and knowledgeable trainer. He is well worthy every penny spent. Plus your training is not done after your session, he offers group training on saturdays to those who complete training with him, so you keep on learning and so does your dog. Nate also offers boarding, which is nice because you know your dog is in good hands while you are way and they are getting their daily walks and training. Thanks Nate for taking the time to work with us and our kids. We now have kids that we can enjoy daily!!!!!!
1	I would give Nathan zero stars if I could. My vet recommended Innate Dog Training when my rescue Corgi puppy failed his second round of group puppy class at Petsmart. My dog was high-energy and territorial, which was a problem with food and toys since we were a two-dog household. He would routinely growl and snap at our other dog, and he had even bitten me as I reached for food or toward his bowls. My initial consultation with Nathan was great, and I opted to board my dog for training because of the aggression and biting. Nathan said training would be 10 days, but 10 days turned into two weeks, which eventually turned into three and a half weeks, before he felt my dog was ready to return home (and of course, more $$ for each day that went by). Upon his return, the dog was clearly obedient to Nathan, but once Nathan left, he was back to growling and snapping over food. Nathan met me once for an emergency session, and then he recommended that I come to group classes, but the dog's behavioral problems persisted. He attacked our other dog, shredding his ear, and things got so bad that we had to keep both dogs physically apart in separate rooms of the house. I called Nathan in desperation, and he told me that the dog's behavior problems stemmed from the fact that I am a woman. He told me, "They don't call them man's best friend for no reason." Not only did Nathan belittle me, disrespect me, and make generalizations about my ability to handle an animal due to my gender, but he also stopped returning my calls and emails. I left multiple voicemails, which he just disregarded entirely. I understand that his profession is training dogs, but to run a business, one must also work with the people who own the dogs. A lack of communication is entirely unacceptable. I paid thousands of dollars and trusted my pet to Nathan, and for what?In the end, I made the heart wrenching decision to give my dog away to a rescue group in the hopes that he finds a better circumstance and a home where he can be the only pet. I am happy for the satisfied customers who have posted reviews, but if you are considering Innate Training - especially if you are a woman! - do yourself a favor and skip this bigoted, unprofessional business owner.
5	After extensive research of local dog trainers, I decided to contact Nate. Our then 6 month old Boston Terrier was in need of some manners. He wasn't listening to commands and was a hot mess on a leash. Nate came by the house for an initial assessment shortly after our first contact. He listened to my concerns/needs and interacted with Gumbo. He explained his training method, what would be involved in the process, and how long it would take. Although it was projected to be only 5 sessions, Nate said that if more sessions were needed, he would be there no extra charge. Anytime I had a question outside of the sessions, he was there. Long story short, our little stubborn meat head was molded into a well behaved boy.Now a year and half later, Gumbo still boards with Nate when we are out of town. He's got massive allergies and is on daily medication, weekly shots, and a special food. At one point, he was on 3 different meds per day. I do not trust anyone else to take care of our son while we are away. I don't have to worry because I know he is in good hands. I can't say enough wonderful things about Nate and Innate Dog Training.
5	Nate is awesome!  The end...  No seriously though when I was interviewing dog trainers for my perfect goldendoodle i met so, so many shady individuals that told me the same thing and treated both me and my husband like they were doing us a favor by meeting with us i.e. arrogant!  Nate was different he came to our home and instantly felt like a friend.  He explained things to us in a manner that we could understand minus the condescension that we experienced from other trainers.   I am sure I asked numerous "stupid" questions, because lets face it the cognition of dogs is a completely foreign subject to most people, but he answered them in a manner that was conducive to allowing me to keep my dignity.  HUGE PLUS in the doggie training world!! When we began to train my angel of a goldendoodle SEVERAL problems arose - any animal humans included will act out when you attempt to tell them what to do and how to do it, duh, lets remain realistic.  Nate was always a phone call, text and yet another frantic phone call away.  He remained professional and calm the entire time despite the tears and bruises.  ;) and there were bruises... NOTHING is fool proof and an owner behind a leash and collar for the first time is a fool.  Me and my husband included.  My gorgeous doodle is now a well behaved dog that listens to my commands and absolutely loves his Uncle Nate.  I read another review that unfortunately stated that Nate made a remark concerning gender and a woman's inability to properly train a dog.  Before I make my following remark I would like to state that I believe gender is a social construction.  A woman is able to do anything that a man does with the same outcomes as well as efficiently as a man.  Any stereotype made about women being inferior in unfounded and any man or woman that makes a statement concerning a woman's inferiority is simply ignorant and uneducated.  Now with that being said Nate also told me numerous times that a component that contributing to my difficulty stemmed from my gender.  Fortunately before I was able to kick him out of my house he explained himself.  He spoke to the intonation and pitch of a man's voice vs. a woman's voice.  Dog's make a low growl to communicate don't mess with me.  Men naturally have a lower voice than women.  There are so many other factors that are present that make dogs more susceptible to a male human than a female human.  There is an excellent book called Inside of a Dog written by a world renowned cognitive neuroscientist also a women, in it she discusses the tendency of a dog on occasion to be more attentive to male counterparts.  Anyway, I will finally say that Nate never belittled me nor have I ever witnessed him belittle the MANY female clients that he has.
5	I tell all my friends that Nate worked a miracle with my two German Shepard/Husky mix puppies. When I met with Nate for the first time and he met my puppies, I said to myself that there is no way he could train them. They were chewers, jumpers, diggers, etc. Not any more. Nate is the best. He has this way with dogs that is truly remarkable. I would recommend Nate to anyone who needs training for their dogs.
5	Our German Shepherd, Reno, had his very first session with Nathan when he was only 10 weeks old. I remember being nervous about him starting at such a young age but Nathan was extremely knowledgeable about what training was appropriate for a puppy and my nerves were calmed after the initial meeting. He was super gentle with him and it was amazing to see how quickly Reno progressed. After the first session he was already a better listener and after only 4-5 weeks he had all of the basic commands down. It has been over 3 years now and we have since gone through On-Leash, Off-Leash, and Defensive training with him and have loved every step of the way.  There is no secret pill though.... lots of hours were spent practicing with him but Reno never seemed stressed in any way. We both looked at it as quality bonding time with our pup.To summarize: my husband and I love Nathan for his knowledge, tactics, and amazing results!
