5	Today was Bread & Butter's soft opening weekend! The girls are super nice along with the owner, Chris! This is such a cozy, chill place to grab breakfast! By looking at the all the pictures, my favorite was their breakfast pizza. A combination of thinly sliced potatoes and eggs, its an excellent healthy, non-greasy breakfast dish! The bagels are a mixture between Einstein (really soft) and Brooklyn Bagel (firm), as i took a bite of his plain bagel, the crust is crunchy, while the inside part was really moist and soft.... mmm....I love small mom & pop stores because they bring such warmth to the environment & food. I would recommend anyone to go here! Oh btw, the owner, was the former executive pastry chef @ Bouchon & owner of Lulu's on the Move (food truck) so you know everything they have to offer is legit! I was speaking with him and he is offering pulled pork sandwiches from 6-10 tonight, ill be there!!!!
5	I am always supportive of local small shops and even more so those owned by Michigan peeps....Bread and Butter is Extreme Yumminess!Chris the owner (you might know him as the former pastry chef @Bouchon and one of the creative geniuses form Lulu's on the Move) has always impressed me with his food from his cheese souffle to his eggplant grilled cheese (all made on and served from the Food Truck)! Today was amazing! We went to pick up a couple dozen cookies for Meaghans soccer game  and well it was like walking into family!  Smiles all around!  My daughter had a banana nut muffin with Nutella frosting and I had a bagel with cream cheese...the bagel was a cross between a detroit bagel and a Noahs (from San Fran) nice and soft on the inside and crusty on the out...All I could get out of Meaghan was YUM!We left with a couple dozen fresh baked (STILLHOT) cookies and a couple dozen water bottles for the team!If you are in the neighborhood of south eastern (behind Osaka) please stop in for some artisan baked goods ~ breads ~ muffins ~ bagels ~ waffles ~ breakfast pizza ~ sandwiches ~ herbal teas ~ espressos ~ spices (by the pinch of spoonful)! I am thinking Meaghans birthday party might be here in Decemeber!!!
5	Homemade......everything.Delicious and innovative treats adorn the display cases of this friendly, neighborhood spot.  The staff was friendly, and just as excited about being there as I was.  Eclectic books line a few shelves over the banquette (Escoffier anyone?)   I can't remember the last time I ate so much bread, and felt so good about it.  At the soft opening today, I got to sample a big variety of perfectly prepared pastries served with authenticity and smiles.  Here is a brief description of what I enjoyed this morning:Bagels -  I had the regular and the red velvet (yes you read that right) bagels.  While the plain bagel was good, the red velvet bagel was light and packed with flavor.  Most notable were the raisin, cinnamon, and vanilla notes that danced on my palette.  With the airy cream cheese spread on it, I felt like I was down south eating a red velvet cake for breakfast, minus the inevitable guilt.  Peanut Butter and Jelly Brioche - Light, flaky, and fun, I could have eaten two of these by myself.  This little treat would be great on the go, as it is easy to pull a piece off and enjoy.  The jam in the center perfectly complemented the peanut butter brioche it rested in.  Waffle w/ Strawberry topping - This light and crispy waffle would have been better with less strawberry topping.  It became soggy under the weight of the "just sweet enough" strawberry spread.  I still enjoyed the heck out of it, but pastries this good should be held up to the highest standards, as that is the level they're at here at Bread and Butter.  Breakfast Pizza - Whoa, you're going to hurt somebody with all that flavor.  Light crust topped with  paper thin potatoes, eggs, and caramelized onions.  Masterfully balanced salt and butter (made in house of course) with a beautiful hint of garlic and onion had me smiling with every bite.  At this point I was stuffed and still managed to take down the whole thing (about 8-10 in)  Even though there was no meat on this item, it was hearty, satisfying, and hit me right in the taste buds. Bread and Butter takes the guess work out of, "Guess how ridiculously wonderful baked goods can be?"  I believe there will be a constantly evolving menu here, with seasonal items making timely debuts (c'mon pumpkin everything)  This spot is the real deal, I can only imagine the lines which are soon to form for this fantastic french-inspired fare.
5	I knew I was in for a treat as soon as I walked in the front door. The aroma of fresh baked goodies was sensational. Before we sampled anything I was already impressed by the energy in this place. The hospitality was notable. Smiles on every face and an all around jovial atmosphere. The waffles were just the way I like them. Not too dense with a soft, chewy inside. Yum! Waffle perfection. Good cup of coffee, tasty pretzel bread straight from the oven. They had lots of other offerings that I'm excited to try on my next visit. Red velvet bagel? Yes please! I recommend checking this place out. I'll be making a return visit for sure.
5	All I can say is "WOW"!!!!!!!Great atmosphere, friendly people & the best pastries ever! We never thought waffles could be better than Bouchon, but believe me, these are!Even the coffee tasted special. Everything is FRESH with quality ingredients. GO CHECK IT OUT!!!
5	OMG! OMG! OMG! is what I kept thinking after every bite. I went to their soft opening on Oct 1. Wake up... wake up...it's the 1st of the month.. Bread and Butter is definitely what I want to wake up to. After hearing about the opening, I decided to check it out after work & it was a good thing I did, because it was like I went to heaven. Everything was so divine & homemade.It felt very inviting when I came in & the staff was so friendly & looked so happy. They were like angels.  Cute decorations. My son likes the trash can w/ the chalk. Kid friendly approved. The chef is certainly talented in the culinary field. AMAZING! Ever since I 1st tried the food from the Lulu's on the move truck, I been a big fan. Mesmerized even, to keep eating their delicious food. Now, finally a restaurant. Oh yeah! My dream come true.  I loved the cheese sauce w/ the pretzel that they had out. It had a special flavor that I could not make out. I wonder if it was some sort of curry spice? The pizza w/ the fresh greens tasted so perfect. I can't wait to eat it again. The pulled pork sliders tasted as good as they looked. Delicious. The chocolate chocolate cookies were addicting. Actually, all the pastries were addicting. My favorite was the waffles. Wow! I never had a waffle like this in my life. It tasted sooo good!! It was soft & chewy inside w/ a nice lil' crispiness outside, powder sugared & a perfect drizzle of strawberry sauce. If you love carbs like me, then this is definitely the place to go. Just the name itself makes me wanna come here.  I'm telling everyone I know about all the goodness here.
5	Bread and Butter is the place to get your morning cup of coffee if your out.  And if your hungry, can you say WAFFLES! The staff is great and the atmosphere is inviting.   Keep it up!
4	The smell of salt, flour, butter, and everything good gently envelopes the senses upon entry and I could not be any more happy. I have never walked into a bathroom that smelt so naturally good. Maybe because it is located in the back and the kitchen's ventilation filters through there, but it was intoxicating.Right now they are doing a soft opening. The menu is small and consists of a plain waffle, a ham and egg waffle sandwich, a flatbread, some bagels, tarts, and muffins. They also have an extensive root beer selection.During this visit we tried a toasted jalapeno cheese bagel with butter, the ham and egg waffle sandwich, a blueberry and a cranberry muffin. The bagel had a nice give and chewiness that I am fond of. The wafflewich was filling and huge. The pastry part was crisp and upheld it's texture even with the generous amount of bachamel  ladled on top. The inside consisted of thinly sliced ham, scrambled eggs, cheese, and bacon. Yet again, pork on pork can do no wrong. I liked both of these items, but they were on the salty side. I will blame my preference for this since I like my food more on the bland side when it comes to salt. The muffins were magnificent though. The tops were brown, topped with a fresh fruit compote and dusted with powder sugar. The insides were moist, soft and filled with more berries. The baked goods were not overly sweet which makes me like them even more.The waitstaff are young and friendly. Upon entering, you place the order at the counter then take a seat. Food is delivered to you and the girls pass by and check up often. Once finished they bring the check to you. It is a mixture of sit down and concession. The chef also came out to talk to us and told us about their soft opening. If this is any indication of what is to come, Bread & Butter will be placed on the rotation for repeat eats.
4	Henderson residents should rejoice since Butter and Bakery is sure to add some local neighborhood flare with artisan baked goods that will break even the the most hardcore Atkins diet devotees.   I drove up yesterday morning before they officially opened, and even though chairs were upside down, the girls inside encouraged me to come in and gave me an entire loaf of freshly baked sourdough bread on the house just for stopping by...talk about an auspicious sign of things to come!Fast forward to this morning when I had a late start for work so I came in and was greeted by those same friendly faces and a counter full of lovely muffins (the blueberry muffins topped with a blueberry compote looks almost too good to eat), peach and apple tarts, freshly baked bagels, and 6-7 types of...wait for it....bottles of root beer!  I'm looking forward to when they get some fresh vanilla ice cream so I can begin to experiment with various floats.I decided to make my debut by ordering the sourdough waffle with honey butter and strawberry syrup (see photo).   If waffles were celebrity bombshells, this one would be like Kate Beckinsale (light, delicate, sophisticatedly sweet) whereas my other favorite (not available here), the Belgian Leige waffle made with brioche batter and crusted with pearl sugar would be like Scarlett Johannson (full-bodied, decadent, sinfully sweet).  Having had the chicken and waffles at Bouchon in the Venetian, the comparisons noted in other reviews are fitting since the owner was the former pastry chef there.  My recommendation would be to get the accompaniments (strawberry syrup, regular syrup, and butter) on the side since you really don't want the wet ingredients to disrupt the integrity of the waffle, and it's kind of fun to grab the waffle by hand and dunk them into whichever flavor combination strikes your fancy.  My only complaint would be the price point being 8.00, since the waffle is definitely the star, but the strawberry syrup and syrup could be upgraded to better quality (fresh preserves or maple syrup), and I'm assuming the butter for the place' namesake is made in house since my tastebuds were telling me it was of the highest quality.The venue is wonderful with WiFi soon to be available, spacious seating both indoors and outdoors, tables preset with plates and silverware, and walls lined with book/magazine selections sure to please any aspiring epicurean.  As mentioned earlier, waitstaff are pleasant having checked on me various times and offering to refill my grande size coffee at a price of a tall.  Their menu is currently incomplete, but I am confident once things kick into full gear, I will be posting a 5 star review in the near future.
5	This is going to become a weekly destination for me.  It just opened this week and already been there twice  I've been waiting so long to find a place off Strip that serves the kind of breads and pastries you get at fine restaurants.  The search is over.So far I've had a blueberry muffin, cranberry orange muffin, their pretzel bread, an awesome grilled cheese sandwich on their ciabatta bread, croutons, and their amazing waffles.All the food is made in store.  In fact, the first time I was there they were baking in the morning so the whole place smelled amazing.  I like the fact that the kitches in open as is the back area where you can see the workers making the days breads and pastries.  But it's not just about the bread - their sandwiches are amazing.  I loved my grilled cheese and my friends are still raving about the chicken sandwich they had.  My advice?  Go there...often.
4	I love bread and butter. My sisters and I spent many a day sitting around the kitchen making meals out of toasted bread and butter. So naturally, I adore the shop Bread and Butter as much as I do its namesake.My bf and I ordered a bagel sandwich and the sourdough waffles.The bagel sandwich consisted of fluffy scrambled eggs and slices of sausage. We got it on a yummy jalapeno cheddar bagel. The sandwich was also accompanied by a few slices of fresh sweet peaches.The sourdough waffles were my favorite of the two. The four slices came out perfectly crisp with 3 toppings on the side (syrup, butter, and diced peaches). I LOVE how the waffles held up to all the toppings. There is nothing I dislike more than a soggy waffle. The amazing thing about these waffles is that they don't need those toppings. The flavor of the waffles themselves are tasty enough.I also like the coffee they serve. It was a nice way to start the day. The also have a case of various pastries (cranberry muffins, different types of bagels including the infamous red velvet, and a banana cake topped with nutella). We ended up bringing home pretzel bread and a peach tart (which I have not yet enjoyed).Oh! and don't forget to help yourself to the delicious samples of bread and various fruit preserves.I'll definitely be back for more. I wanna try everything on the menu (thank goodness it's not a big menu) and it seems like they have different baked goods available depending on ingredients.
5	So I had been hearing via Facebook about the opening for Bread & Butter for some time. We went to Vegas this weekend and planned to meet some FB friends here. This place is awesome!! Bf had the BLT & I had the egg pizza for breakfast. I don't eat bacon, so all I can tell I can say is there were no leftovers. Bf said sandwich was "gourmet". My pizza was delicious! Everything is made fresh and very yummy.FB friends had raved about the pretzel bread and the orange cranberry muffins. After breakfast I was too full to eat anything else. So I got a few things to go. Let's see, we got 2 pretzel breads(should have got 3 or4), 1 cran/orange muffin(should have got 2 or3), 2 jalapeno bagels and 2 red velvet bagels. Smiles all around.Bf has plans to come to Vegas in 2 weeks. I've told him "I'll buy if he fly's". I've already got the list of what I want :-)
4	PB & J BRIOCHE - YEAH BABY.....The Brioche seemed to be peanut butter bread (not too strong at all - just enough peanut butter taste) filled with fresh just sweet enough blueberry jam that had whole blueberries still intact and not all smooshed up. The bread was so soft and umm, whats the word - LOVELY!!!!We walked in at about 8:00am on a Saturday morning and not much was in the display cases. I was disappointed not to see a good selection  to choose from. However, the nice young lady working behind the counter was very apologetic to the fact that not much was ready yet and she gave us Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal cookies for free....and as we were walking out the Rasin Bagels were ready so she gave us one for the road to try. Very nice - THANKS!!!!Because she did that it gave us the opportunity to try the yummiest chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies that we've eaten in a long time....Seriously, go try these cookies- chewy yummy feel good in your tummy cookies. I'm such a rapper..... Bread and Butter Boyeeeee- (Oh Goodness, I'll just stick to reviews...)The Oatmeal cookie and th Raisin Bagel had all kinds of raisins in it that added a whole other element to the cookie and bagel....The location is close to home, basic , clean and has a good enough seating area. I will be going back to try other stuff -  The Pineapple Tart and I were secretly flirting with one another so I'll have to go back and see if that relationship is worth pursuing/eating.
4	I visited this newly opened small shop called Bread and Butter in Green Valley today. Owner, Chris, was former pastry chef of Bouchon at Venetian Hotel. Everything here is pretty good especially the fresh peach jam n honey butter came with sourdough waffles. I even bought a big jar of peach jam when I left. My bf likes their veggie sandwich. It comes with artichokes, grilled asparagus, apricots, cucumbers n goat cheese. I think I will come back this place soon again.
5	I was passing through and searching for something not fast food or to filling... I still had another 5 hour drive to Southern California. This place was perfect. If your not a big fan of fast food or loaded calories and fat then eat here. Everything was fresh and I left ready to take on the day. There was also this cutie behind the counter that was nice and very cool. Big plus when your looking for a spot. This is my new stop spot when I'm headed that way!
4	Great service and unique taste of foods...
4	My husband and I were in a parking lot about 2 miles away and decided to go for an impromptu breakfast.  I'm a huge fan of family owned, homemade breakfast places and my husband found this quickly looking at Yelp.  What a nice find, considering it's close to home and delicious!Upon entering, immediately I noticed all the fresh baked goodies in the display case.  Already, I was mesmerized.  Desserts and pastries are the way to my heart....and my 5 star rating.There are not many tables, but we are not morning people and came for breakfast at 1130 and so we didn't have any trouble getting a table.  However, the bench along the wall is incredibly uncomfortable.  I was in shorts, so maybe that's why, but I immediately grabbed one of the flat pillows on the bench, that certainly helped.  Although, it's still an awkward seating situation as it leans back away front he table, so I found myself having to sit on the edge of my seat to eat properly.I ordered the waffles and my hubby ordered the egg pizza.  His egg pizza came out promptly and was quite delish.  I stole a slice from the hubby.  The eggs are not overcooked and have a lot of moisture to them, which is his preference.  He did think it was strong on the onion, but he doesn't like onions much anyways.  I enjoyed the onion flavor.  They had the coolest little potato slices on the pizza too and the crust was homemade and tasty, crispy without being too crunchy and good flavor.The waffles were delayed in coming out.  I actually decided to ask where they were when the couple next to me were served their waffle sandwich.  A big snafu on their part and my waffles were overlooked!  Not a deal breaker though, because their customer service was impeccable.  Not only did they comp me the waffles, they comped the ENTIRE meal and sent us home with a bag of two pastries!  WoW!!! You just can't beat that service.  I expected maybe the waffles to be free, not my entire meal + to go pastries!Besides the bench being uncomfortable and awkward, the other reason I can't give the full 5 stars is because of the coffee.  Not because it was bad!  It was very good coffee, but I prefer my coffee in a mug and endless at quaint breakfast places.  It's a picky personal preference, but they serve it in the insulated to go cups.  The coffee was delicious though and they provided fresh cream in a cute little serving pitcher.  They could really up their game by serving lattes and cappuccinos, although maybe they do and I just didn't notice.I want to end this review on the pastries.  I have only eaten one so far today, but it was to die for.  A cinnamon type muffin topped with amazing cream cheese frosting.  The other muffin appears to be a chocolate frosted muffin, maybe pumpkin or chocolate cake.  I can not wait to try it as I am positive it's going to be amazing.  The person at the table next to us had a banana nut muffin topped with nutella.  I will certainly be trying that next time and maybe a cinnamon roll, those are my weakness!The food, the customer service, the home-baked goodness, and the location are going to call me back to this place!  I have a feeling that it will easily win my 5 stars next time and can't wait to return.
5	The people are so helpful and their pumpkin pie tart thing was divine. They have very unique choices and it all works. Their bagette was legit also.
4	I had been eyeing this spot via Yelp for a few weeks, and finally I got Eric to take me to a quiet Sunday breakfast.  We noticed immediately a unique layout and atmosphere upon walking in.  Eric sat on the bench and I sat in a chair, but I grabbed a loose pillow for my achy back.I ordered the jasmine green tea iced (fresh brewed).  It was a big portion for still $3, and very weak.  At least I could slightly taste it and know it has health benefits.  Eric R. decided to sample the apple cider juice.  The server gave him a very generous sample - which he enjoyed but opted not to get the full glass.I ordered the breakfast pizza and he had the veggie style bagel sandwich on poppyseed bagel, to which he added eggs.  The food came out pretty fast and I really enjoyed mine - the potatoes were sliced super thin so when Eric tried it, his potato-hating self didn't even notice them!  He had 2.5 slices of mine (it was pretty large!)  His bagel had poppyseeds in the batter, which I think is unique.Halfway through his sandwich, he noticed the asparagus was "missing" - so instead of giving him a little, they took his plate and gave him a whole new sandwich with asparagus!  This was very generous, and he somehow plowed through most of it.  The "cherry" on top was how generous the server was with this minor mistake - they gave us a box of pastries on the house.When we got to the car, my nosy self opened the box to find SIX pastries: a huge muffin with a strawberry on it, a flatter pumpkin muffin, 2 chocolate-y cookies, a pretzel, and a turnover!!  Wow!  They all look so good.  I know Eric R. eyed the blueberry and carrot cake muffins when we were leaving so once we get through all of these, we may have to come back for those!  We also enjoyed the experience so we may come back and try lunch soon.  Good food & great service!
5	I was so excited to finally try this place out since I had heard of it from the Lulus on the  move food truck and always loved their foods.  When i walked in I was blown away by all of the pastries.  I love pastries and cookies and cakes.  There was over 20 kinds and I seriously want to try all of them.  We picked out one and the chef had 2 others brought out to the table.  We had the pb&j and chocolate brioche, both superb.  We also had the blueberry muffin and it was amazing.  For brunch we had the waffle sandwhich with ham and cheese and the eggplant grilled cheese sandwhich.  We were really impressed with both.  All of the ingredients have so much flavor and you can tell the quality is top notch.  The location is so cute and I love all the decor.  I cannot wait to go back and I really hope that this place stays around.  I would drive across town for it but am so happy its 5 minutes away from my house.
4	They get a 4 only because of the service. I think they need to work on being a bit more organized. Besides the server completely forgetting my part of our order everything else was copacetic.My bf ordered the country ham and eggs waffle sandwich. It was so tasty, I was tempted to steal it from him. Covered in bechamel, it was piping hot and beautiful to behold. The server brought us a complimentary egg bread and some a couple of rugalach but in reality I think she hadn't remembered that was one of the things I ordered to go. The Maine root beer I choose was pretty good, it was a bit stringent. My bf's Sea Dog root beer tasted almost like Bargs, it was also kind of sweet.By now I decided to walk up to the counter and ask for my waffles since my bf was already done with his breakfast. I could pretty much forgive anything after a taste of these waffles. They are light and crisp but still filling and they have the nice sourdough tang. They come with homemade honey butter and peach jam. Not a big fan of peaches but the jam was alright. I grabbed my self some blueberry and raspberry from the condiments table. Have to say the blueberry on the waffle was perfect.On our way out we ordered more pastries to take home with us. The wheat bread is divine and made a really yummy turkey sandwich later that day. Even picky people who don't eat wheat bread would like this one. I ordered a "Hostess" cupcake and my boyfriend go a couple of cherry turnovers. Imagine our surprise when we opened the box and there was also a chocolate tart and some pretzel bread. Yay for free pastries!I will definitely go again even though it is FAR away from my house. I think my mom would love the food. I certainly need to have some more of those waffles.Edit: IMHO the chocolate cupcake benefits from being in the fridge to firm up. Had half of it on the same day we bought it and the whipped cream inside was too soft. Had the other half for breakfast the next morning after it languished in the fridge overnight and it was the bomb.
5	AMAZING! I am telling everyone about this place. It definitely will be my new favorite breakfast place on weekends. I had a veggie breakfast bagel which had goat cheese, eggs, cheese and goat cheese. It was to die for, I wanted it the next day even! The pastries at this place look amazings delicious which is dangerous because I want to eventually try them all! I had a red velvet bagel, yeah red velvet bagel! Ive never seen one before and happen to be a huge red velevet fan, it was heaven. Im kind of a hard critic so if you are just trust me and go!Oh and I almost forgot, the jam and bread they have out, Fantastic! I cant wait to buy some, hopefully they will have it for sell in the near future.
5	I'm so excited to have such an outstanding new business just blocks from my house!!! A chef with Bouchon pedigree cooking up affordable tasty treats in my neighborhood? Doesn't get any better! We have only tried the pumpkin cake and the red velvet bagel with sweet cream cheese so far. I was blown away by the pastry choices and the prices!The bagel was cheaper than Einstein and SO MUCH BETTER. I did make a rookie mistake of getting the bagel toasted. The red velvet bagel should definitely not be toasted (it's like toasted cake? doesn't work), however, it was still delicious and I won't be screwing that up next time. I'm a sucker for anything pumpkin, and their pumpkin cake definitely delivered. It was soft, moist, and also topped with delicious sweet cream cheese. YUM. I have my eye on the PB&J brioche and the carrot cake parfait for next time!
5	The smell of freshly baked goods fill your nostrils the second upon arrival. My pick for the best items here were 1. Egg Pizza 2. Red Velvet Bagel3. PB&J Brioche4. Utah Peach Tart.This is definitely my new go to breakfast spot.
5	The best, best, best!!!!! Unfortunately they are way too far away from my house. Perhaps I can convince them to open a shop in my house? Hmmm...food for thought! Essentially everything on the menu is amazing; The egg pizza, waffle sandwich, granola, pear tart, any brioche...get it...EVERYTHING! I brought a plethora of goodies for my staff who literally, after sampling a few things, fought over them like they were rations in an impoverished country...seriously, it was almost frightening. Everyone here is so warm and friendly, especially the owner Chris (who is a baking genius and adorable *blushing*;) you can tell really loves what he does. Go there, eat something yummy, maybe flirt with Chris a little, and leave with a smile, it will make your day better, I promise!
1	What an enormous letdown. Unfriendly, unapologetic counter service, half the breakfast menu unavailable at 9:50 a.m. on a Saturday and when whatever we could order arrived, it was average at best.I've worked in restaurants and my family used to run one, so I empathize with the challenges these new folks face. However, if you are touting yourself as a breakfast/lunch place, you can't be out of the key ingredients to make two of your three hot breakfast items (no dough for breakfast pizza, no tortillas for burritos -- seriously), as well as five of your baked goods, when you've only been open three hours on a weekend morning. And it wasn't terribly busy.Let's say you ARE out of all these things. You'd expect even a hint of apology or other suggestion on the menu from the counter woman, not "we're out of that" or "we're making more." I read about these same problems with unavailable food from others here and at least they were met with an apology or friendly help otherwise. Nothing like it from the girl with brown hair pulled back and a tattoo under her wrist (identifying her in case you're unlucky enough to deal with her too.) This was the most disappointing part.It wasn't just us. The woman in front of us in line canceled her hot food order because she was told it would take at least 15 minutes (when there were maybe two or three other tables waiting for food), then still had to ask a second time for what she ordered. The woman to our right when we sat down had her order screwed up and didn't receive one of her items until she was almost finished eating.So, we ordered what we could:* Red velvet bagel: No better than a chocolate chip bagel from Einstein's. No red velvet flavor, just a few chocolate chips thrown into a decent but unspectacular bagel.* Banana-Nutella muffin: Fine. Unremarkable. OK banana bread (I've had better, I've had worse) with a thin spread of Nutella on top. For $3, a ripoff.* Pretzel bread: The only standout item. Big, light, salty, very tasty. I'd happily order this again.I'm sure all the high praise offered by some folks is deserved. Just know that they are not handling the challenges of opening a new restaurant like professionals should, so whether you get a five-star or one-star experience is a total guess. Hugely disappointing.
3	Service can make or break a new restaurant. Went to Bread and Butter again this week and it was chaos. It really seems like they need to work out a cohesive system of ordering and processing it down the line from order taker - kitchen - server.My mom and I got there around 9:15 and the bakery case was half empty. After picking up a different root beer to try this time we ordered. I ordered what my bf had the last time. A country ham and egg waffle with bechamel sauce. My mom ordered the Artisan bagel sandwich. When the counter lady asked her bacon or sausage she said bacon if you can make it really crispy. The lady said, "Sure, no problem!" She then informed me it might be a little while for our orders cause they were having a problem in the kitchen. My mom also ordered a latte as she had not had her usual morning coffee yet. We sat and sampled the bread and jam since it might be a while for our food. I looked around and several mental notes came to my mind. I thought it was very strange that my mom had not got her coffee first, there was only a sous chef cooking and all of the servers seemed to be wandering around in a state of befuddlement. The young lady who took our order came over and asked if I would like something else since there was no bechamel sauce. I told her it would be fine if they substituted the country gravy from an other item that was on the menu. She said they had no flour to make the gravy. What? A bakery that does not have any  flour? So I told her the sandwich without the bechamel would be fine. (My mom had to be smart and tell me I didn't need bechamel anyway ... )Some time later they bring us our entrees. Still no latte in evidence. My mom's bacon was floppy and if I really looked at, it seemed woefully undercooked. We flagged down a server and communicated this to her and asked about the coffee. She promised to bring us a plate of cooked bacon and that the coffee would come out next. I must mention that the sourdough bagel was very tasty. Quite a few minutes later the latte came. They seriously need a barista. I think one of the "musts" for a breakfast place is good coffee. This was not. And then, as we had decided to leave, the bacon came.To reiterate what I said at the beginning of my review. Service can make or break a new restaurant. The food here is very good but it can be eclipsed by wrong orders, disorganized waitstaff and indeterminate waiting.
4	Cute little gem in a rather ordinary strip mall off of Eastern and Sunridge.We enjoyed a number of tasty items... and there's quite a few to choose from.I got the Veggie Breakfast Bagel while the husband got the breakfast burrito.  Both were served with a green salad... odd, interesting and quite good for breakfast.... Who Knew?  :)Then we took home the PB&J Brioche, Pretzel bread and a cookie.First... the Veggie Bagel.... this is no ordinary Veggie Bagel.... gourmet all the way from the goat cheese to the asparagus to the squash.  Quite Tasty!Breakfast Burrito was loaded with what tasted like homemade sausage.  Meaty goodness..... great way to start off a morning.The Oatmeal cookie was our "take out breakfast dessert"... Best Darn Oatmeal Cookie ... EVER!  Moist with a lite crunch and sweetness.Pretzel Bread was fabulous.... I need more of this.  :)PB&J Brioche was lovely!  It's actually PB flavored brioche with a bit of jam in it.  I personally could have used more jam.The only "knock" I give them is that they didn't have a Whole Wheat or a Whole Grain bagel to select for my breakfast bagel sandwich.  Oh well.  I won't hold that against them.I saw their waffles and that looked fantastic so I'll be going back to try that too.  And then they had a selection of other yummy-looking pastries and desserts.
5	The food was great. Some of the best baked goods & veggie breakfast pizza I have... ever eaten. The owner & employees were super friendly & welcoming. We'll be back whenever we are in town. See More.
3	Oh man, I really, REALLY wanted to love this place and give it a 5 star review. Maybe it was my high expectations that made my visit somewhat disappointing? I met the lovely Lisa L. and awesome Jaime W.  for brunch on a recent Sunday afternoon. My first impression when I walked in was 'Damn, this place isn't very big'. Every table had people seated at it, there was a half dozen or so people starting near the bakery case and no hostess or cashier to guide new customers through the process. Since there wasn't a place to sit down, I got behind some people that I assumed were in line to order. Meanwhile, Jaime found us a table... Service was spotty, people seemed confused about who was supposed to do what... I had to ask for my coffee, and we never got any silverware despite Jaime asking for some... We did watch the girl she asked give the tables near us silverware though.. Staff just really didn't seem prepared for the number of customers they had. The woes of being a popular new business I suppose! Lisa had to wait quite a while to get her food, and then when it came out a key ingredient was missing. When she inquired about it she was told the menu was incorrect. And here I thought potatoes were basic ingredient in breakfast burritos! Despite the service issues, I found all of the employees we dealt with pleasant and apologetic for the issues... And the owner gave us some free pastries, a nice touch!  I must say that the majority of the food I sampled tasted pretty damn awesome. Make sure to try the homemade jam, when we were there we were able to sample three flavors and they were all delicious, particularly the raspberry. Like I said at the beginning, I really wanted to love this place. And I definitely plan on giving them another try... in a month or two when the hoopla dies down a bit, and staff can get some of their kinks worked out.
4	Many moons ago I was crazy enough to participate in Sushi-Mon's $10 deal and had an extremely long wait, BUT it gave me the chance to finally have B&B. Living in Summerlin I do not have the privilege for frequent visits ;(. You know you're in for a treat when the only reason the restaurant is humid because of all the baking going on. Fortunately for me the service was not spectator, but efficient enough for me to get my order, wifi, and table cleaned. They can keep their non existent smile because I'm smiling big enough for everyone after I had the Ham & Cheese ($7.50) on a delicious pretzel roll. There were mixed greens on the side, but they escape my memory. On my way out I picked up a baguette ($3) , 2 cran-orange muffins(I believe $2.50), a red velvet bagel ($1), and the owner Chris even gave me a sugar raisin confection thing (free).  The baguette was nice, crispy outside, soft inside and stayed that way for about 3 days. I can't tell you how good the cran-orange muffin was, but I bet it was amazing because my girlfriend came over and ate it and proclaimed it was the best muffin she ever had. The next morning while I dropped off my sister she was unusually quiet, but at the last possible second told me "Kevin... your muffin was the best muffin I ever had". Now I'm like the kids from the Tootsie pop commercials... I'll never know. Lastly I was somewhat disappointed in the red velvet bagel, sounds amazing, but seemed to lack any red velvet taste. Will return someday when I'm in the area again.
3	For a local joint I like it. Went for a weekday lunch with my toddler. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I had a salad and it was really fresh and yummy. The kids PB&J was a bit too bready for a 15 month old to swallow. I on the other hand thouroughly enjoyed what he didn't eat. I could use a few more things on the menu for it to become a regular stop. I'm curious what their breakfast is like but I've heard only good things. Bakery display looked YUMMY.
4	Cool breakfast spot.Came here with the Tasty Bunz fam for my birthday breakfast. One of bakers was from another food truck so, the fam knew him. He makes all the pastries and breads so, we had to support this local business!Love that it's home-made-every-thing!And that the kitchen is small enough that it's just, basically, their ovens and counters; no stove-tops. Feels like you're in someone's grandma's kitchen or something. Very homely.Thankfully, there was 4 of us so, we had 4 different breakfast dishes...the waffles, the blt sandwich, oatmeal, and I believe, an omlette. **sorry, I was supposed to finish this review a month ago** Everything was delish and tasted super fresh and NOT GREASY. Especially that BLT sandwich.Of course, we had to leave with a few pastries. THAT nutella banana bread was not going to get away from me =)Also, got another box of pastries gifted to us...compliments of the chef!Support local business. The better they become, the better we become, too!p.s. They're starting to have food truck events right in their parking lot = ALWAYS FUN
5	So I have to write an update because I had lunch there this past weekend and it was amazing!!!!I have thing for pretzel sandwiches. Sadly, in Las Vegas these don't seem to be all that popular. No idea why, I mean who doesn't love pretzel bread?!?! I have searched high and low for a yummy pretzel sandwich in Vegas but every one I try has disappointed me!That is, until I tried the ham and cheese sandwich at Bread and Butter. Warm, soft, PERFECT pretzel bread. Delicious country ham and cheddar cheese. Dijon butter. OMG. Honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Simple, but very well executed and each ingredient was perfect! It was served with a perfect small green salad - just enough so I could pretend I was eating something healthy! While I could go on all day about their delicious breakfast options, I had to let you guys know that lunch is just as divine!
2	was prepared to love this place after all the great reviews but my egg pizza was passable at best...good crust and potatoes but the eggs were lacking any flavor and there were too many of them....and the coffee wasn't  hot enough....the bagel pieces were stale and hard....but the raspberry jam was good....
5	I have been trying to come here since they opened and finally I made it here with two of my girlfriends for brunch yesterday. I ordered a bottle of root beer and a grilled eggplant and cheese sandwich. My friends ordered the bagel breakfast sandwich and the breakfast pizza. I was pleasantly surprised by the portions here. For the price, they definitely don't skimp and I felt I got a really good bargain for the quality of the food. Just as we were settling down with my respective meals, the chef came out and plopped a trio of desserts on our table, much to our surprise. We were giddy at that point. Loving freebies, this was quite the treat. My sandwich was excellent. Cheesy and gooey with tons of veggies inside. The bread was the perfect texture for the sandwich. I was very pleased. My friends love their meals as well. The I was stuffed about halfway through my sandwich, but I wanted, no needed to try the desserts. I got some raspberry jam from the back counter and coated the raspberry croissant in that. It was heaven. The jam was probably my favorite thing here!I look forward to another brunch excursion here soon. I have my eye on the ham and cheese croissant. Simple, but looked delicious.
3	Went here a couple weeks ago, excited to try a new place. The place was almost full, so that was a good sign. Also, when I walked in I immediately noticed how good it smelled - I could smell freshly baked items and it all smelled great. I honestly don't remember what I ordered, frankly because it wasn't that great. It was good, but nothing that was memorable enough. Their coffee was good though, ha. The service was so so. The waitress was friendly, but was really only there to take our order and deliver our food. No refills for our coffee or water were offered. No check ups on us to see if we were doing alright. On my way out, I noticed their case of baked good. The banana nutella muffin called out to me, so I ordered one. I was a bit disappointed. The muffin was moist and well made, but there wasn't much taste to it. When eaten with the nutella spread - the taste of the nutella just overpowered the muffin. All in all, I would go back if someone else suggests it and wants to eat there. But, I probably won't be the one to suggest the place if someone asks me for a place to eat.
3	The Skinny: do get the lovely brioche and the muffins, take a pass on the waffle sandwich and pastrami sandwich though (3) Service: okay counter service but nothing outstanding (3) value: a so-so meal at a so-so price (3).When my hubby sniffed out this spot, I was impressed. Hearing a former pastry chef from Bouchon was opening a pastry/brunch place in Henderson is pretty exciting. We ordered our food and munched on their lovely preserves and stellar buttery brioche as we waited for our entrees. We ordered a waffle sandwich, a pastrami sandwich, a loaf of their brioche and a box of goodies to go.The waffle sandwich (2 nutmeg infused waffles, ham, scrambled eggs, bechamel sauce) was okay but nothing I would order again. Yes, the waffles were really lovely and crisp and I would probably order that alone. However, the bechamel sauce was overly thin, rendering an unpleasant texture to the whole dish. I would definitely not get this one again.The pastrami sandwich suffered from two major issues. First of all, it was encased in an overly large and dense mini loaf of rye bread which overwhelmed what little filling was inside. Secondly, the pastrami was overly smoked and too strong for my tastes. This definitely something I would not recommend to anyone.We also got a PB&J brioche, an apple tart, and a blueberry muffin.The PB&J brioche is actually a peanut butter flavoured brioche with jam in the middle. Personally, I thought that the addition of the peanut butter to the bread lead to a poor texture to the bread. Overly dense texturally, it was a far step below the heavenly brioche we snacked on. The apple tart was good in terms of the sweetness (not too sweet). However, the pastry crust wasn't quite as crisp as I thought it would be. Overalll, it was okay but nothing I would get again.The blueberrry muffin on the other hand was absolutely fabulous. The top was perfectly crisp while the inside had a nice airy texture. With lots of blueberries in the batter, it also was not overly sweet as well. I would go back just to try their other muffin flavours.As I mentioned before, the brioche is fantastic. Buttery, light, it is a wonderful rendition and a steal for around $4.25 a loaf given the quality.Overall, some hits and some misses but I would for sure raid their pastry counter again. For that, this place deserves a 3 starred review.
3	I'm going to echo the same sentiments of Jessie B. I really, really did want to love Bread and Butter. Alas, I am not in love. And alas, it just was not so great I would be willing to make the drive across town specifically to come here again.Yes, it is a cute storefront, everything about the place screams it was made with love down to the last detail of the bright, shining, silver (but plastic) coffee spoons. On a morning I had to turn my car over to VW for an oil change I decided this would be a great spot to grab breakfast with my Mom. We ordered the breakfast egg pizza and the breakfast burrito. As always my mother and I wished we had just ordered one entree and split it. If you're not super hungry or you're just not a big eater, I would suggest splitting those entrees. They're big. Taste wise? The pizza was delish, although it had a bit too much Parmesan on it for me. I was wiping it off. However, the cheese, the eggs and I also got bacon (costs extra) were all great, as was the pizza dough (better be, right?). Breakfast burrito? Great flavors. However, the burrito came with a salad which had a funny (in a bad way) texture. It was as if the lettuce was wilted and possibly going bad. Not a good combo with salad.And to be noted, the service wasn't exceptional. We were not offered refreshers for our coffees until we asked for a to-go bag. My mother's burrito came out before my pizza, which wouldn't be a big deal, but I waited a good 5 minutes for my pizza. It doesn't seem like a long time, but when one person at the table has their meal and the other doesn't - it seems like an eternity. The wait for the food was not on par for how many people were in the restaurant. We were one of three groups and the wait was strangely long.It's a good place, don't get me wrong. However, it is new. I think it needs some work. Maybe I'll be back just to try some breads or some of their confectioneries. The root beer selection is rockin' as well. My mom got my dad a sarsaparilla soda (hard to come by these days). But, for the price and the wait and the quality, it warrants only an "okay" from me for now.
2	Knocking this place to 2 stars.  My last 2 visits have really been disappointing.  I think I look pretty normal-ish in my v-neck wool sweater and jeans, but apparently I must look like a bum.  Today I learned my lesson from my second visit and got there around 9 am to beat the crowd.  I was just picking up 2 pastries to go for Eric and me.  I was hoping for the lemon-scented egg bread with lemon curd.  Wasn't there.  The lady in front of me ordered her to go pastries.  Then the cashier decided not to greet me, and then go do other things in the kitchen.  After a long wait, she finally acknowledged me and told me the pastry I liked is sometimes made daily and sometimes not for weeks so I can't count on it ever again, and they do not have lemon curd available.  I ordered a blueberry muffin and croissant from the case.  Instead of just plucking them from the case and putting them in a bag, I had to wait over 10 minutes while they put my order from the case behind real food orders in the restaurant.  That makes no sense...there were 4 people behind the counter, can't they just grab 2 things?The previous visit I met Jaime W. and Jessie B. for brunch at 10 (bad time idea).  Since in my first review Eric R. and I were told to order from our tables, Jaime and I sat down, but Jessie ordered from the long line which I thought was a to go line.  We sat at a dirty table not bussed from the last eaters, and the waitress told us we had to get in line and could not order from the table.  After waiting almost half an hour we were allowed to order from the table - Jessie got her food already.  I ordered the breakfast burrito and asked for more veggies since I don't eat pork.  It was a flat tortilla with practically nothing in it, not even the potatoes it already comes with!  They waitress said the potatoes on the menu were a TYPO that they wouldn't fix because the menu is set?  Since I asked for veggies to replace meat, shouldn't I have gotten potatoes anyway?  She charged me for everything but Jaime only had a bagel and a muffin and she got the muffin for free because it was dry.  I think the service here sucks and the food isn't worth being ignored or treated badly each time.
5	As usual, good eats at Bread and Butter.  Wish they'd open up a spot in Summerlin so I didn't have to hike it 30 minutes to Anthem.Had a blueberry muffin - just amazing.  It's really the best blueberry muffin you can get out there.  Nice ratio of blueberry to muffin.  The muffin is nice, airy, and light.  Can't say enough good things about it.Also had a bagel breakfast sandwich with sausage.  I appreciate that each sandwich is served with a little salad.  I think everyone can eat healthier - but especially me.  The eggs were perfectly cooked and they didn't skimp on the sausage.  Love the bagel - it's exactly what a bagel should be.  Tasty and a moist but not wet feel in the mouth.Also sample a couple of root beers.  Don't know where they get them but wherever it is please keep it up.  I didn't realize so many people made root beer.
4	Blood, Sweat, & a $2500 bike is what it took to get here!That and 20 minutes...Thanks to a big black truck with no regard toward riders, my dining companion wrecked his sports bike across the street. Despite his bruises, cuts, and scrapes, we still manged to make it to Bread & Butter. Everyone knows I'm a huge fan of Bouchon; its my #1 brunch spot--period. I was dying to sample Chris Herrins' brainchild.The dining experience was peaceful, relaxed, and almost home-y. The workers were pleasant and kind enough to give us a handful of band-aids for my injured friend.We started with the PB&J Brioche: a modern and fine twist on a childhood favorite. (I digged it) :) We ordered basic and went with a Pastrami Sandwich and a Turkey Sandwich.Needless to say, these were a couple of the most delicious sandwiches I've eaten in a while. The pastrami was thick, flavorful, and not too salty. Right before we were about to leave, Chris Herrin himself came over and gave us a chocolate ganache tart looking thing on the house. It was NOM-y.I'll be back to try more of the menu. Maybe sample a red velvet bagel or two. Only reason its not 5 stars is because of the location. Its a mission going all the way to Anthem!
2	Really, really wanted to love this bakery and cafe. Was so excited to try it that I drove 25 minutes out of my way just to eat breakfast here. But alas, it didn't measure up.Waffle sandwich: Served cold. Shredded cheese not melted, eggs cold, ham cold, waffles tasty but (you guessed it) cold.Cappuccino: Disappearing froth, tasted less rich than your average casino coffee.Regular coffee: Rocked! Brewed from beans roasted in Boulder City.Breakfast burrito: Crisp bacon, very cheesy. But runny eggs, bland tortilla and salsa.On the plus side, no lines and super friendly service. But not at all tasty, at least in terms of sit-down meals. Friends tell me that the pastries and fresh-baked loaves are delish, but I'd have to go back another time to try them...and I'm not inspired yet.
4	My wife convinced me to give it another try, and credit where credit's due -- Bread and Butter has delivered on three follow-up visits.All items have been in stock, service consistently has been friendly and responsive, and food has tasted great. Big fan of the egg pizza and the pretzel bread. I wanted to like this place all along and it feels like they are turning constructive criticism and comments into action to make a better experience for each customer (not just the lucky ones.)
4	Overall, this was a pleasant place. I enjoyed the gourmet offerings in terms of sandwiches, although the price was a bit off-putting ($8-$9 for a sandwich). My girlfriend and I ended up going with the ham and cheese sandwich on pretzel bread. I loved the bread, and the creaminess of the cheeses with the ham. The sandwiches were very large, which explains the price. Also, there was a lot of meat in each sandwich, which is either a positive or negative thing, depending on your preference. In retrospect, we could have split a single sandwich and been very satisfied.  For dessert, I got a pb&j brioche, while the girlfriend got some coffee cake. Both were pleasant, but not as amazing as we would have expected. My brioche was a bit dry, and the coffee cake was just average. The coffee selection, however, was well above average. I really really really love Colorado River Coffee Roasters, and they proudly brew their roasts. If you have not tried a cup, this is a great opportunity. It is best to drink without any cream or sugar, as it has a rich, smooth, sweet taste, naturally. However, their cream and sugar bar was more than accommodating, with many natural sweetening options, as well as free jam and toast. I have a special place in my heart for restaurants that go out of their way to have good coffee.
5	No Wonder I love this place. Chris Herrin who opened up Bouchon Bakery at the Venetian left there to open up his own place, Bread & Butter.I of course drove out there after reading about the Red Velvet Bagel.  I had never heard of this-I've had Red Velvet pancakes and doughnuts but not bagels!I had it toasted and t was pretty good with bits of chocolate in it.I actually thought the PB&J Brioche was surprisingly better though-once you cut into the soft bread theres sweet homemade strawberry jam in it. Sooo good!Must try Waffle sandwich and breakfast pizza among other things next time I'm in LV :)  It's worth the drive off the strip!
5	Breakfast waffle coming up!  Coffee good :-)Nick had the breakfast pizza and I enjoyed the breakfast waffle.  Both were really good - the breakfast pizza had a generous portion of scrambled eggs and thinly sliced potatoes, carmelized onion and bell pepper.  Don't know how they did it, but the pizza crust was cooked perfectly.The breakfast waffle is sooooo good!  A creamy bechamel sauce is draped over perfectly cooked waffles that sandwhich thin slices of ham.  Big enough for two...if you can share.  Ha!
5	Charming breakfast, brunch, or lunch spot! Unique and savory menu, a coffee bar, several delicious pastries and desserts, and a huge selection of root beers! I'd recommend this spot for brunch or an afternoon root beer and dessert tasting. The only thing I would change is to have some more vegan options. Service is great too.
5	Both Earl and I were off last Friday so prior to our journey to SoCal, we stopped by BnB for breakfast.  We arrived at 10am ish and we quickly came up with a master plan.  I grab the first table open and Earl stands in line.  It was that busy.  We both wonder, Don't these peeps work?  Are they on vacation too?So anyways, everything looked so delicious.  We ordered the egg and ham waffle sandwich, topped with bechamel sauce, as well as the egg and sausage bagel sandwich on a garlic bagel.The food came out and was beautifully presented with a small side of salad.  The rosemary bechamel definitely made the ordinary waffle sandwich into something spectacular.  Very filling yet hearty.  Yum Yum.  as with the bechamel, the garlic bagel made the bagel sandwich.  It was crisp on the outside, yet so moist in the inside.  We were happily full prior to our trip.  Will definitely be back to try the pastries and other offerings.
5	Wow. this place is fabulous for that unique dining experience for breakfast or lunch, dinners Wednesdays.You can't go wrong at B&B. the pastries and breads are to "die for". Kale salad is a MUST to try.  I know, KALE?????  Try it, you'l love it.
4	I was looking for a new place to try for breakfast, and after reading reviews knew I had to try this place out. I had the blueberry muffin which was delicious, very fluffy and moist and almost creamy. The red velvet bagel wasn't as good as I was hoping, and they gave me regular cream cheese instead of the sweetened that I asked for. I only had a couple bites. I was tempted to get one of everything though, it all sounds sooooo good. Next time I'll be trying the PB&J brioche and the waffle sandwich.
4	Wow, this place is awesome!  I'd heard about it a couple of months ago and my wife and I finally went last Saturday.  And then the next day.  That's how much we loved it.  It's a quaint, cozy place to get some coffee and relax.  Their cinnamon roll was great, especially the frosting!  The waffle sandwich with the Bechamel might be one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had.  The second day we went we took my wife's cousin Johnny and he loved the sandwich as well.  We are making a resolution to go to Bread and Butter every Saturday, or at least every other.  I definitely recommend it for a nice breakfast and I'm excited to try the lunch sandwiches.
5	There are few things I love in the world - one of which being brunch, the other carbohydrates. Oh dear Lord, Bread and Butter gets both of these things right. After months of anticipation, I knew I had to engage in the carb orgy for myself before leaving again for Seattle with no one more willing than my brother and Carolyn M. My brother and I split the Steel Cut Oats and the Breakfast Pizza, where as Carolyn M. joined us in ordering the latter among other baked goods. While waiting for the food to come out, I couldn't help but order a PB&J Brioche to snack on. Normally, peanut butter just doesn't do it for me. But the brioche took all that is good about peanut butter (primarily taste) yet made it such a light bread. While I'm not completely sold on peanut butter, combining the brioche with jam in the middle put me in a seriously state of like. As for the food, I am a sucker for any place that deviates from the norm, and offers steel cut oatmeal - this place cooks it to perfection. The pizza, on the other hand, was equally as delicious and satisfying. While missing the potato component, the thin crusty with eggs and caramelized onions still provided the ultimate satisfaction in combining my two loves. What really impressed me above everything else was the Chef Chris' generosity. While waiting for our food, we were treated to a complementary Strawberry Croissant. I find it hard to believe that the French eat pastries such as croissants while maintaining a decent weight, but if was this Strawberry Croissant was any indication of a French diet, I am sold - love handles can come my way! It was decadent in such a simple way. Not overtly sweet, but still rich enough to deserve the moniker 'croissant'. Throughout the entire meal, he made so many efforts to ensure that everything was perfect and to our liking. Talking to Chef Chris after our meal, you can tell by his knowledge that love goes into each and every product he puts out. Hearing him talk about the various root beers or an ambitious idea he is currently executing, it is clear that Bread and Butter isn't just another business. It's his passion, not to mention the magic he bestows upon carbs, that makes me love this place so much.
4	We had never heard of B&B but we were invited to "brunch" with some friends so we made the trek from Summerlin to Anthem and on the way we read some reviews on Yelp to get an idea of what we were in for. This is a great casual place for brunch on the weekend. They don't have a lot of seats and the tables are fairly close to each other but that didn't bother us but it clearly bothered the couple near us since our friends had a baby stroller with them that must have been invading their personal space. When you come in you place your order and then they bring it out to you. Our cappuccino came out almost immediately and the food wasn't too far behind. I am intrigued by the "gourmet" root beer bar they had but I wasn't in the mood for a soda at the time. I will check it out next time. From reading the reviews we figured we needed to try the Waffle Sandwich and the PB&J Brioche so we ordered those as well as one of the bagel sandwiches and a cappuccino and coffee. The Waffle Sandwich delivered on everything I would expect from something like this. The waffles were delicious and the bechamel was think (almost gravy like) and the waffle didn't get soggy under it. The PB&J Brioche wasn't that amazing, the "J" in the middle was good but I didn't get any "PB" flavor in the item. The Bagel Sandwich was very good though I think they used the wrong bagel since we ordered Jalapeno/Cheddar and the bagel we got didn't have any of those flavors. Overall we would come back again and we definitely want to try some of the lunch items, they looked great coming out of the kitchen!
4	Perfect place for breakfast with good quality ingredients. We came here right before heading out to California and it was a perfect breakfast send off. We ordered the the breakfast bagel sandwich - scrambled eggs, sausage, cheddar cheese on a garlic bagel served with a side salad. All the components match perfect but the one thing the stood out was the bagel which had a subtle garlic taste not to overpowering which matched perfect with everything inside. We also ordered the breakfast waffle sandwich - scrambled eggs, ham, cheddar cheese smothered with a creamy bechmel sauce. Again all the components meshed well together. At first I thought the bechamel sauce would kill the dish but actually tied everything together. The waffle was also perfect because it had this distinct cinnamon flavor which brought on another taste element to the whole mix. I look forward to coming back to try their other pastries and sandwiches. I'll be back soon!!
5	I really like everything about this place.  It really is an incredible value for the always made from scratch uber-gormet food he's selling at family style prices.But, if you're not a foodie.  It might take more than one trip to find your footings.It's so popular that it's selling out.  That's sign to me that the prices are too low.But, if you can't tell the difference between what you're fining in the deli isle at your supermarket and what they're offering, this is the place to learn.  ASK Chris, he'll explain it to you.The owner Chris is baking royalty, but he's also the friendliest, most down to earth guy, you'll ever meet.  You should take a minute to get to know him, he's always there.The only down side is once you know what good is, it's hard to go back to the supermarket.
2	I wanted to love this restaurant and was very excited to try it. First off the place is small and they seem to have crammed as many tables in as humanly possible. While I get this from a business standpoint it is uncomfortable from a customers standpoint. My husband and I had lunch there on a monday and we could barely hear each other. We arrived early and I can only imagine how loud it gets during the noon hour. The menu was pretty limited. My husband ordered the turkey sandwich and I ordered the grilled cheese BLT. The bill for 2 sandwiches and one fountain drink was just shy of $20.00.  Service seemed a little slow, it was nearly 20 minutes from ordering to being served. When we did finally get our food it was just ok. The bacon on mine was hard and oily and had a quality as if it had been sitting out for awhile. My husband's sandwich was missing the vegetables and mustard that were indicated in the description but after waiting 20 minutes he wasn't going to send it back. Overall the place is loud and mediocre, not worthy of the price. My husband lamented that for the same price we could have gone to Capriottis and I had to agree with him.
5	Okay. So I known Chris from bread and butter from Likud on the move. Let me tell you this place is magical. Everything is delicious in here. Home made cream cheese to gourmet bagels. I had almost everthing here. I tried their egg pizza and it was really good!You will not be disappointed with the food and great service. Why the go Chris. Keep up a great job!
4	Bread and Butter, why are you so far from my house? Because if you were any closer, an emergency crew would eventually have to cut me out of my house. B&B is just about everything I want in a breakfast spot and probably everything you want too.My rating hovers between a 3 and 4, but I'll give this new and independent establishment the benefit of the doubt and bump them up to a four for now. The space is small so can get a little cozy during rush hours, but the service is quick and friendly and the food goes from scratch to plate in a decent amount of time. I've had the ham & cheese on pretzel bread and the breakfast sandwich with the bechamel sauce- which was essentially a croque madame with scrambled eggs. Of the two I preferred the ham & cheese because that pretzel bread is killer! Soft, chewy and a great twist on the plain old ham & cheese. There was nothing standard about this sandwich and since I'm a horrible creature of habit, I'll likely be getting this next time I go in. The breakfast sandwich was good, but I didn't love it. The bechamel was a little too much for me, although I did love the rosemary added to it. I can put away some food, but this sandwich was on the verge of being overwhelming-however for the price it was a pretty great deal and all of the ingredients were quality. I haven't tried any of their pastries (and I'm not partial to bagels so the novelty of a red velvet bagel is lost on me), but will definitely be back to take home a box of goodies to sample. I also noticed on their menu that they serve dinner on Wednesdays from 5-8 and I'd definitely be interested to see what they offer in the evening hours! (There's a note that says to call ahead to inquire about dinner.)They serve Colorado River Roasters coffee which in my book deserves a star on its own for the simple fact that the coffee is roasted (semi) locally. In fact, I'd come back just for the coffee. I've had great customer service each time I've come-the staff is a little on the young side, so I'm sure there's a learning curve, but I have no complaints! Everyone is friendly and the customer interaction I've witnessed has been personable. Next time you're in the Henderson area, support this local gem and fill up on a quality, hearty breakfast, lunch or both!
5	Holy Yum Batman!  This is the new "it" place in Henderson.  Complimentary amazing blueberry muffin while we waited, a weird root beer fetish and food to die for make this place a solid "YES, please!". I've eaten there twice and their menu Is so imaginative and delicious.  One suggestion, how about a few crazy salads like a pear & pecan or a raspberry spinach?  Just an idea for the lunch crowd.
5	Eloquent was the goal of the first review. Multiple visits, I give up on sounding poetic and will just state that B&B is the best place on Eastern for Breakfast/Brunch/Lunch. Steel Cut Oats are the way to go if you are looking for something light and healthy. The addition of dried currants, raisins, and brown sugar makes for a tasty meal that does not feel lacking in comparison to their baked goods. The Greek Yogurt with Homemade Granola and Jam is not as thick as I am use to, but still tart. The Breakfast Pizza might be the item I always want to get, but I would order this again. Especially if I want one of those P&J Brioche, Strawberry Croissants, or Red Velvet Bagels. The most recent trip ended with me getting the Chopped Kale Salad. Normally, kale is a rough vegetable that can leaves an adverse aftertaste, but was ambrosial when paired with the sunflower vinaigrette. I believe there were apples and dried fruit in the salad as well. This added the perfect amount of sweetness. Chef Chris is funny as well. He came out to check on us and made small chat. I am looking forward to future events held at Bread & Butter. Can't wait for the Stonecutters Secret Root Beer Soiree.
2	Im being nice by leaving two stars and that's simply because I want to like this place...I visited a while ago when they first opened and was excited to see the business grow but after my visit today I feel the growth might have come too soon...My husband and I decided to start our nice little staycation with brunch here...what a bad choice...we ordered around 1pm and waited until 1:25 for my waffles with no explanation as to why the wait was so long...when receiving the waffles I didn't realize I ordered toast because they were so crispy...to make matters worse my bacon was limp...As I'm attempting to convince myself that I enjoy the meal my husband and I hear the girl who works the front ask the two tables near us if they'd like to try any pastries...once again no regard to the fact that we waited quite a while for my meal (my husband finished his meal before I even received mine)...we on the other hand were not offered any pastries to try...To top off the visit a man working there brought out two plates of waffles because too much were made supposedly and he was then asked by the same girl who discriminated against us with pastries why there were extra and he happened to say they were actually for #57.... Lo and behold that was our number!!!!  What an awful way to start the day...the only saver was the fact that we love the coffee they serve...bummer
4	I tried the kale salad, eggplant grill cheese and ham and cheese. All three were great, the kale salad was kinda strange but somehow it worked and I couldn't put it down. I can't wait to come back and try more!
2	The food here was really good. There is a huge variety of pastries to pick from, and they all looked really appetizing. I ordered the sourdough waffles, which came with a not-to-sweet-just-right marmalade and a bottle of syrup. The sourdough waffles tasted good but they were so crispy that the roof of my mouth is a little tender. But otherwise, pretty good.HOWEVER!!! The customer service was very biased. Older couples near us got serviced at least three times while NO ONE came to our table once. The only time they approached us was to take our plates away when we were leaving. I was pretty offended. The manager even came out to greet other customers dining in, and still no one came to our table. I wouldn't go back to this place unless I really wanted to try their pastries. But I'd rather go somewhere else to pay that kind of money and get even just a little bit of service than go back here.
5	The BEST challah we have had since moving here from Los Angeles!!!! The only down side is that we have to order a day ahead.  Hopefully word will get out that this place knows how to bake bread.  We have been here for breakfast several times.  Great bagel sandwich.  A nice breakfast/brunch alternative for the area.  Good luck. Will be back.
4	I read many reviews from Yelpers about this place and woke up this morning ready to try it. I was not dissapointed! We walked in and it has a quaint, welcoming feel to it that I don't get from too many restaurants here in town. We were greeted immediately even though the line was to the door (POINTS!) Drooling over all the pastries I had to decide what to have...we were up!FOOD:Decided on the steel-cut oatmeal with dried currents, brown sugar and cranberry jam. DELICIOUS! The cranberry jam had a subtle tartness to it and added just the right amount of fruity to my oatmeal! Also had a strawberry croissant on the side. Looks like a halfed plain croissant with some sort of strawberry chunky perserves smeared inside, topped with a crumble and possibly baked. Well...it was HEAVEN. Just the right flaky crunchiness around the edges and once you bite into the softness of the strwaberries and inside of the croissant melt in your mouth. Cafe mocha was Delish too!Other orders at the table were the Muffaletta. HUGE! My sister dived right in and said it was outstanding. My boyfriend ordered the bagel sandwich and ate every bite. Cheese danish was just the right flaky pastry with the creamy cheese and sweet crunch on top.Kale salad to go for lunch...haven't gotten to that yet.or the 6 pastries I left with. I will definitely be going back. Cannot wait to try the waffle sandwich with rosemary bechamel sauce. Looked phenomenal!Only critique I have is that all our food came to the table warm, as well as my coffee. I would have liked our fod to be hot! I did ask to have my coffee heated up and they very kindly offered to just make me a new one. Not sure if Chris is the blonde gentleman with blue eyes on the floor or not, but he was very attentive and helpful! The service was great!I will be back :-)
4	Heard about this place from my neighbors and they suggested that I give it a try!Glad I did. Went in with one of my daughters to see what all they had... If you like baked goods, this is the place.. all kinds of rolls, pastries and desserts..My daughter ordered the vanilla custard doughnut, it was love at first bite! I ordered the Grilled Cheese BLT... A great sandwich! However I thought it was going to favor a grilled cheese, but it was more like a BLT with cheese on it.. and some of the best bread I have ever tasted! The pricing for the food is reasonable, the drinks were a little overpriced. $3 for a 4 to 5 oz cup of milk... Hot Tea was the price of a Venti at the other place but it came in a Tall cup.. I can't wait to go back and try something else!
5	Kudos to Chef Herin!The waffle sandwhich is literally hands down the BEST breakfast item we've ever had! We've been twice, and we will be back!
5	I don't think I've experienced a better bakery.It's obvious they're still having growing pains, but it's worth it. We've had some long waits, but it's ok. The food has been worth it. The atmosphere is friendly and busy. They apologized for the long wait when we went in for lunch and were very friendly.We've since been back several times, and each time has been very pleasant.I can't imagine going to another bakery (sorry Panera, you are oh-so-close to home but why would I visit you again?) now that I've ounIt's not a place to go to if you're in a hurry unless you get the premade items. The items ready to go are still amazingly delicious.The Cheese Danish is sublime. I always wanted to like cheese danishes but they are far too sweet, this is the best I've had. It's balance is good and not too sweet.The donuts are great, but too sweet for me. My family loves them and eats them. The breads are very, very good.Really, everything is very good. The atmosphere is comfortable and laid back. The staff is friendly and helpful. Even when they are busy if you have questions they stop and make sure everything is answered.The only thing that isn't tip-top is the coffee. It's definitely good, but it's not anything amazing and doesn't hold the same standard as the pastries and sandwiches. That just means I'd never go there just for a cup of coffee.
3	Another yelper said it best, "they are still experiencing growing pains."My visit had highs and lows but I would be willing to go again for sure.  The girl at the counter was aloof at best.  No warm greeting...no explanation of their system and so on.  I asked for water.  I didn't get it.  I asked again...she said it was over there.  I went over there....no water.  I came back, and asked again.  Then she got some water...you see where I'm going with this????We sat and waited for our food.  We sporadically received 3 of our 4 items.  When we finished those, we went to ask for our missing food, which had totally been forgotten.  All that aside, the food was tasty and the place is really cute. We had a breakfast burrito and french toast.  Both were nice.Carb heavy menu with lots of dry sweet pastries...not really too many choices for breakfast meat dishes.
4	I went there for lunch and the place was very busy and there aren't enough tables so the wait was a little long. But the food portions were huge and the food was delicious. Every one there was very friendly and very helpful. I would definitely go back.
5	Love, love, love Bread and butter.  Lemon meringue tarts, homemade chocolate pudding, and my personal favorite, the cheese Danish.  I bring my out of town guests (and myself) here often for breakfast.  The owner is great, and we have always had great service.
5	I frequent this establishment by myself with my kids and I have brought clients and friends. I have never had a lapse in any service issue.  I have tried Bakery, Breakfast, Salad, and Lunch Items.  All are superlative.  I have had a lemon cake for my birthday for years and I have now found a replacement and that is their Lemon Tart.  The Egg and Waffle Sandwich is a breakfast that makes lunch irrelevant.
4	Visited here for the first time this weekend. We were driving home from Soccer at about 11 o'clock on a Saturday morning and on a whim we decided to pull in and see what this place was about. I had never heard of Bread and Butter before, so I really didn't have expectations either way, its a few minutes away from home and I was in the mood for coffee.  It's small, hasn't not too much has changed about the space (there was a bagel place here before). What was really IMPRESSIVE was the friendliness vibe and service orientation of all of the staff. It's rare that you get this type of welcome nowadays, maybe its because it is new, I hope that they don't change this. Just for that, we'll be coming back again. Now, I'm not sure what the speciality items are here, we ordered a few bagels and coffee. They were good, average bagels, but they didn't have sliced cheddar, that's how I normally have my bagel. Anyway, it's not a bagel place so I don't expect them to have every option. The place was packed the entire time that we were there, with a steady flow of dine in and take out customers. I think that's a good sign. I saw other tables eating a breakfast pizza that looked and smelled delicious. When we go back the next time we'll give this a try. The cinnamon sticky buns looked good as well. I'm giving Bread and Butter 4 stars but could update to 5 depending on how the pizza is.
5	Great food from a independent.  You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table.  Small and friendly  breakfast and lunch spot with very fresh ingredients.I enjoyed the backed goods and the curry chicken salad open faced sandwich that I had for lunch.I live in Summerlin and stopped by as I was in the area.  Great decision on my part!  Next time I will be bringing the wife and kids for breakfast as the menu looks fantastic.
5	Ah..a nice breakfast/brunch place to go to. Brunch? I love brunch! Who doesn't love brunch! Anyway, this place has great offerings, and I must admit, it satisfied the tummy of my dearest as well. This place is a winner in my book. I'm just glad to find another nice breakfast spot that doesn't just offer the usual eggs, bacon, and sausage offerings. This one comes with a nice twist!Their waffle sandwich was amazing! At least so I've heard. It's a complete overload concotion of various things. It had waffles, ham, egg, and this nice sauce drenched on top, which I believe, had let the whole dish come together! Yeum!!!We also had their sticky bun. It was so delicious, and I can't wait to come back for more! The only thing I did wish was that they had reheated it again so the bread was a lot softer and warmer. The sticky bun was good either way, but the bread was a little on the dryer side. Lastly, I had their eggplant grilled cheese sandwich. That was super delightful! Although it was quite filling, but still satisfying as well. The service here was wonderful, and I love the feel of this cute little cafe. It's very hipster like. They also provide you with a nice full corked bottle of cold water, if you decide on just having water. I thought that was awesome! I did have my eye on their HUGE Macarons which I will DEFINITELY be back for.
4	I would already be a fan because they are a locally-owned, independent bakery, breakfast, and lunch spot. Those are all things that I love.This review is a little preliminary because I have only been once so far and I just got my breakfast to go. It was good enough that I will definitely be returning for a sit-down meal and to try some of the yummy-looking desserts.I got the pb&j brioche, which was good, although perhaps blander than I thought it would be. The bread itself is peanut butter-flavored and then they put jelly on top of it, so it's good, just not as exciting as it sounds.I also couldn't pass up the display of about 30 different craft root beers, so for the brioche and rootbeer, it was a little over $6 - neither high nor low.Everything is order at the counter, so my to-go pastry was brought out promptly, but I'm not sure about orders from the kitchen.
4	I love this place! My husband and I have been on several occasions and it never disappoints. On my first visit I ordered the breakfast burrito, my husband got the waffle sandwich and we shared a Cinnamon roll. My husbands sandwich and the roll were amazing. My burrito was good, but nothing special. On our next visit we shared the breakfast pizza and a sticky bun, both were great! I also have taken my mom and sister her and they were both fans as well. I always get a drip coffee and it is very tasty as well. We have a 6 mo old baby and this place is great because it's low key enough that I don't worry about her and its not a sit down place so if she acts up we can leave at any time. Love the relaxed atmosphere and the delicious treats!
5	Uh-maze-ing!  We came for lunch and ordered the Red Velvet Whoopie Pie (yes, dessert first), the Corned Beef/Pastrami on Rye (for the hubby), and the Eggplant Grilled Cheese.  Delicious!  We will definitely be back!  Especially since it's near Anthem where we live.  I think this is my new favorite restaurant!  Next time we will try the Egg Pizza I've heard so much about, and the Red Velvet bagel.
5	Bread & Butter rocks. This side of Henderson needed a place like this.  Heck, anywhere in  Vegas could use a place like this.  From their fantastic pastries to their salads and sandwiches, and don't forget the best selection of root beer, this place just about always meets or exceeds my expectations.  And I must say I am a bit of a food snob.  They do have a growing pain here and there, but that is not going to keep us away.  My husband and I are going through the entire menu visit by visit, though he is hung up right now on the sourdough waffles.  I can't get enough of the smoked salmon bagel.  Some of our favorites from the pastry counter are the nutella banana bread, the blueberry muffin, the filled doughnuts, and the bacon sticky buns. The only thing I wish they would add is kringle.
4	I read somewhere that Bread and Butter is making/selling Guava Chiffon Cake - What Guava Chiffon?? - I'm crazy for Guava Chiffon- Anyways, I called and asked about it and the guy said that yes we do make it and that they would be making it for Fat Tuesday - OK , so you will have Guava Chiffon on Fat Tuesday?? Yes he replied we will.So, bright and early on Tuesday Morning I rushed over to Bread and Butter to get me a piece of my favorite cake - Guava Chiffon- I knew that meant that I might be late to work but for a chance at Guava Chiffon I was willing and able to take that risk.I walk in and I see no Guava Chiffon Cake, I ask the lady and she checks in the back and she comes back with a devastating answer- "Umm Sorry no Guava Chiffon cake today- we actually have run out of Guava." Someone punch me now - this must be a bad dream- someone wake me up right now....PLEASE!!!OK, Ursula contain your feelings - I ask the young lady - Are you sure cause I was told by a dude on the phone last week that it was a sure thing that you would have Guava Chiffon on Fat Tuesday- another girl checks in the back again and she comes back with a similar response. NO GUAVA CHIFFON- B&B SHAME ON YOU FOR PROMISING ME GUAVA CHIFFON!!!So, even though 2 young ladies knew how disappointed I was, they offered me nothing which I thought kinda sucked. I bought a few items anyways but as I was walking out I felt compelled to tell another girl just how disappointed I was to make the time and effort to come down here, late for work, just to get something that I was told would be here and to find that it wasn't stinks!! Well, there was a fresh batch of Passion Fruit filled Malasadas and she gave me a few pieces and a cheese danish for my troubles. Because of this great customer service from this particular girl (I wish I knew her name) I chose to not remove a star. She made me feel like my time and effort was worth it.Not to mention that I absolutly loved the Passion Fruit Malasadas- I LOVED IT!! YUM!! The Passion fruit curd had just the right amount of tartness and sweetness and there was alot of curd..... Yummy, Yummy, Yummy.....Bread and Butter needs to use this Passion Fruit curd on other stuff like in a cake,  stuffed cupcake, or stuffed cookie. Please make a Mango curd - I bet that would be so yummers....Well, I hope one day that I would be able to try the Guava Chiffon....FYI: I did try some of their Macaroons and for the most part they were all good except for the Passion Fruit. The Passion Fruit should be filled with a passion fruit filling not a mixture of passion fruit and chocolate cause that mixture is too bitter for me. I think that mixture ruins the whole Passion Fruit experience.
3	This is an eclectic place to go for breakfast or lunch.  It is also a bakery.  Some food items are great, others, like their Muffaletta leave a lot to be desired if you are familiar with the original from New Orleans. Service is terrible.  If you want to take bakery goods home, order them when you order your sit down food, or you have to stand in the same line all over again.  There is only one line, which passes the bakery display cases before you get to where you order your regular food.  You have to remember all of the bakery items to order from the register, then a staffer takes the receipt and puts your items in bakery boxes.  But, once I ordered a cinnamon raisin bagel and when I got home it was a cinnamon raisin cookie.
5	I'm so happy that Bread and Butter is close to home because whenever I'm in town, I make it a goal to go here. I've introduced my friends and my family to the wonderfulness of Bread & Butter, and in doing so, turned them into fans. Like the simplicity of the name, the food here is simple as well and oh-so-delicious. Everything I've tried so far is great including:Grilled Eggplant Cheese Sandwich- Melted goat cheese & grilled eggplant sandwiched between a soft, buttery bun, served w/ a simple saladBreakfast Pizza- If you like breakfast and pizza, then this one's for youCarrot Soup- OMG. So savory, creamy, not so healthy, but still amazing. The main dishes are great, but I'm in love with the pastries, in particular the Cookies, which are humongous both in diameter and thickness- they're not like your normal cookies!!! I have no complaints about the Oatmeal & Raisin, but the Chocolate Chip are AMAZING. "I love your cookies" must be written all over my face because every time I've gone, I've gotten complimentary cookies!Which leads me to another reason why Bread & Butter is the bomb. Service is excellent! Surprises await....On one visit, I was greeted with fresh shelled macadamia nuts. On another, my party and I were given ancient Dr. Pepper to try. Can't wait to go back again!
3	This recently opened bakery/restaurant is owned and operated by a former alumnus of Bouchon.  I stopped in one day on my way back to the hotel and picked up a strawberry Danish  that we shared in the room.  It was different than the traditional Danish, but very tasty. A rating of 3.5 would be most appropriate.  I am looking forward to returning for breakfast.
4	Waffle sandwich best thing ever!
5	The best bakery in Las Vegas run by former executive pastry chef of Bouchon in the Venetian, Chris Herrin, makes some of the best food out there, whether it being sandwiches, salads, or desserts. Check out the Muffaletta sandwich as well as the Waffle Sandwich, simply amazing. Amazing pastries and breads including muffins and macarons! Always a great experience every time I go!!
5	I read about Bread and Butter in Las Vegas Weekly magazine and it seemed to get consistently great reviews.  I decided to try it for lunch last weekend.  We were a little put-off because we walked in and it was very busy - the tables were pretty close together & I was worried we wouldn't get a table.  We did get a table quickly, though - so we ordered our sandwiches and sat down.  The food came out pretty quickly and was TO DIE FOR!  We had interaction with 3 or 4 different people, from the person taking the order to someone filling our water for us, to a owner/manager checking to see how we were doing...and everyone was VERY friendly.  The sandwiches:  We got the BLT on challah, which was great, but the STAR was the hot ham & cheese on a warm pretzel roll w/ spicy mustard.  The meat /cheese quality was great, and the pretzel roll was so good, I'm still thinking about it 2 days later.  My only regret is that we were too full to try any of the desserts, which looked yummy:  red velvet whoopie pies, and macaroons.  Their breakfast menu looked great too - so, needless to say, we'll be back soon.
5	The interior of Bread and Butter draws one in - the homely atmosphere definitely cements the idea of a breakfast and lunch bakery. Upon walking in, my companion and I were greeted by (presumably the owner/head chef) a man wearing a white chef-apron carrying two pieces of freshly made bread, on the house. He invited us to "Sit down and enjoy" while looking over the menu.I decided to get the eggplant grilled cheese (with mozzarella, eggplant, asparagus, squash, tomato paste and other delicious cheeses inside) while my friend decided on the beet and arugula pizza with one of the handfuls of bottled root-beer they serve. We decided to look through some of the cookbooks that were sitting on the wall and as we were reading the chef spoke to us for a few moments about cooking and our lives in a very welcoming manner. The food was brought out promptly and the presentation was excellent - you can view the pictures I posted. The grilled cheese was the -best- grilled cheese I have ever tasted (and it came paired with a small mixed green salad with balsamic vinaigrette).  It was full of flavor and I could definitely taste how fresh the ingredients were - whoever designed this menu must have had an extensive knowledge of which ingredients pair well with others. My companions pizza was awesome as well - definitely something I would be happy receiving at a place that solely made pizza. One of the servers walked by and dropped off a to-go box filled with four separate pastries - which I will attempt to identify. Banana bread cupcake with chocolate frosting, a muffin with fresh raspberry filling, an oatmeal-raisin cookie and a lemony-flaky pastry filled with cream. All of these were  excellent - my expectations were blown away after tasting each one; I didn't know pastries could taste this good.Finally, upon asking for a to-go box the chef handed me a blueberry tart (I think?) inside of the box - another random freebie I received. It tasted excellent as well.The service was amazing, I got the feeling that the employees WANTED me to be happy because they truly wanted me to have a good experience (which I definitely had!). The freebies allowed me to sample a lot of items on the menu, all of which blew my mind and set the bar in terms of bakeries and grilled cheese. I highly recommend the Bread and Butter.
5	One of the best dang sandwich places, ever!Pros:The sandwiches are some of the best in the valley, hands down. The turkey is on challah bread, which is scrum-diddly-umptious. The muffaletta will take you out. It's various layers of meat and cheese, and pretty big portions. If there's anything thats a must try, it's the muffaletta. It will not disappoint. They also offer a rockin' root beer soda section. Best one in my opinion is the Abita root beer, made with cane sugar from Louisiana.  'Mmmm-mmmm-good!Cons:It's really small. While this gives a quaint, Midwest feel, it's also a bit loud and frustrating if there's no where to sit. Overall, the food is great and a must try!
5	Bread and Butter rocks! The waffles are better than Bouchon. Chef Chris is awesome!
5	I decided to try this place due to the fact that I'm tired of all the breakfast places in the area. My first thought when entering the establishment, was that it was a hole in the wall place with a country feeling of sorts. I LOVE hole in the wall restaurants, as they usually are family owned and offer better food and services then chains. Upon reading other reviews on Yelp, I decided to go with their Waffle Sandwich. They use REAL egg, not fake or frozen patties. The waffles have a hint of cinnamon. And the gravy that comes with it makes the sandwich. Its HUGE! I could have shared this with my friend. So if your a couple, it'd be a good idea to share and get a pasty for dessert. Now, on to the pastries. I got a Cinnamon Roll. Usually, Cinnamon rolls are too sweet, too cinnamon-y, and frosting either lacking, or too much. This roll was perfect! The frosting is a very light butter cream. Cinnamon is baked into the bread, not layered between the folds. The flavors blend Oh-So-Well. Its just got a hint of sweet. Perfect for those who dont like sugary treats. It is expensive for a breakfast place, the the quality makes up for it. Highly recommend.
5	I don't know if any food can be called "life changing" but the chocolate tart at Bread and Butter might come close. It's a chocolate lover's dream -- a small, round single-serving tart with a chocolate crust with two thick, dense layers of creamy, bitter sweet chocolate topped with a few chocolate shavings for added effect. It may not seem like a huge serving, but it's so rich that it's enough for two. It replaces the chocolate tart at Baguette Cafe as the best I've had. And, it might be one of the best desserts I've had. Ever.The dessert was so wonderful that it overshadowed an otherwise amazing muffalatta. The wedge shaped "sandwich" had layers of delicious meat and cheese with an olive spread and pickled vegetables along with a small side salad. It was a terrific meal, but the highlight of lunch was undoubtedly the chocolate tart.There are so many amazing looking treats at Bread and Butter that you can't go wrong. But, if chocolate is your thing, go for the tart.
5	Met a friend here for lunch after we'd both heard rave reviews. Loved it!  She had a waffle that was delicious - served with a berry spread and warm syrup. I had an awesome veggie scramble accompanied by a small salad.  And because I'd heard their pastries were amazing, we also sampled the pretzel challah roll and the raspberry doughnut -- unbelievably great. Had a bite of each and brought the rest home to grateful other half. The pastry case and cookies --wow!!!  Reasonably priced. Attentive service -- and they were accommodating to my menu subs (egg whites,etc)  I'd definitely go back. (We sat outside and dined alfresco).
5	I'm excited to go back.A small quaint place bustling with business! Reading from the reviews, I knew I was in for a treat. I guess word of mouth got around, the dining area with about 12-14 tables were packed, maybe 5 parties in line to order. Like many breakfast places, though, turnaround is fast. The employees were working hard to bus tables to accommodate new parties. As I sat there, I noticed servers bringing food out, conversing with guests, and seemed friendly, clean, and productive. Their menu has a great variety. Not only are there mouth-watering pastries, muffins, and rolls, they also have oatmeal, bagels, sandwiches, & burritos. Lots of items I'd like to try next time. I'm not a big fan of partial-self serve dining. If I'm dining there, I like having full service at the table, even for breakfast or lunch. I'm disappointed that so many places has it set up where you do half the work, but pay the full price. Am I right?! However, this place is too cute and tempting not to return. I think its a great place to stop for breakfast, brunch, or light lunch!
5	Great chopped Kale salad!!! Fresh and satisfying.
5	Great food and great prices!  So nice to have a local breakfast place that is family friendly and not in a casino where you smell smoke!  I had the waffle sandwich which has ham, scrambled eggs and cheddar cheese.  I had the sage sauce on the side but did put it on.  Oh my goodness it was so incredible good!  It was busy since it was around noon on a Saturday when we went in but we found a seat.  Seating is limited inside and there are a few tables outside.  But they bus tables quickly and are very friendly.  Our family will definitely be coming here again!  They also have pastries to take home as well...very tempting!
3	Finally got around going to this place.It was pretty packed.The eggplant and cheese sandwich was delicious.Ordered the vegetarian chilli- eh.. not so much.They have alot of root beer selections.It's not exactly clear if you're suppose to clean off your own table or bring all the place and silverware to trash area (theres no conditioner or place to put it in)I feel like im being ripped off at this place, thats why I rated it 3 stars and because of there chilli.
5	You can't go Wrong here! The owner is super friendly with everyone and even gave people who were waiting FREE cheese Danishes. I had the Ham & Cheese on a pretzel bun and it was awesome. Passion shows. Do yourself a favor and stop in atleast once.
2	Meh! Wasn't impressed at all. We should have known when the waitress couldn't really recommend anything on the menu. Oh well, I wanted to like it but something tells me I won't be back...
5	You really get a cute, small town kind of feeling from here, and the food is so good. he coffee is great. I love the strawberry croissants!!! The Breakfast sandwich is delish. Come with a friend and split different things.  Love them!!!!!!!
5	2nd visit just as great as the first. Took my husband here for the first time with our girls... Great choice!My husband had the egg sandwich. They were out of bagels so we all had our sandwichs on hallah (sp?) bread (Can you say yum!)My one daughter ordered the Grilled Cheese BLT and like many others thought it would favor a grilled cheese sandwich, but instead its a BLT with Cheese... very delicious! My other daughter had the Sourdough Waffle.. She thought it tasted funny at first, that's because she is used to the frozen kind. The rest of my family agreed that it was probably one of the best waffles we had ever tasted.. We all 4 were eating it!I had the grilled vegetable sandwich. Probably one of the best in the valley, and I eat a lot of them. The vegetables were crisp and flavorful, not oily like most, and the goat cheese was the perfect compliment of flavor to them! Will definitely order that again. Before we left, I picked up a box of pastries. All were good. I was not thrilled with the one that was described as bread pudding. It dry and the only flavor it had was from the golden raisens. Can't wait to go back again. The food is great and worth the money, however the drinks are a bit overpriced. We paid two dollars for 4 ounces of chocolate milk.
5	Great pastries
5	Delicious corn beef sandwich & breakfast chicken waffle!! I will b back! :))
5	How can you beat quality food prepared quickly and outstanding service? You can't ...sounds like the definition of 5 stars B & B. Well done. We are out of towners but specialize in breakfast spots. We shall return.
4	I went once and came back again and again bringing different members of my family each time. Every time it was an excuse to have Bread and Butter.It's about $8 or so for a sandwich but the portions are on the bigger side and the sandwiches come with a cranberry mixed greens salad with balsamic. I've only had the Ham and Cheese sandwich on the Pretzel bun (melty, satly, pretzel goodness) and the Salmon breakfast sandwich (again, creamy, salty caper goodness) I hope to try more of the menu in the future if I can just get away from my Ham and Cheese sandwich cravings. The service is all right if not surprisingly kind at times. Three or four times I've been there and received a complimentary cinnamon bun while waiting for my dine in order to arrive (yes, creamy goodness.) I also received a complimentary pretzel one time when I asked for some extra paper bags, thanks! Love those pretzels! However I have agree with another reviewer that yes, young aloof girls do work the counter. They are strangely out of place.As far as seating, you seat yourself which can be difficult at times because it does get pretty busy in there. I would avoid typical breakfast and lunch times. I think you're supposed to grab your own water which sits on the back counter in stoppered carafes by some water cups. The silverware and napkins sit on the tables in large metal cups, and yes I believe you leave your things on the table when you're done because I have not seen anywhere to put them.Anyway, looking forward to more matinee movies with Bread and Butter stuffed in my purse, very excited about this place!Edit: I've only just recently reviewed but I've got to edit and take it down a star, beware that this place can be too busy for it's own good. Most times that I've been here they were so busy that seating was unavailable. Also, when it seems so busy that you decide you just want to get a pre-baked item from the display instead of waiting for your order, this doesn't necessarily mean you will get it right away like at Panera where they bag your baked goods immediately. You will have to wait just the same. And last time I went I ordered a Chai Latte which came out watery, probably due to it being so busy but not worth the price for the watery quality.
4	Enjoyed the "Cooking Light" famed Kale salad with the seasonal fruit (pear)! It was crazy good...fresh baby kale with a touch of thick vinaigrette. Food was great but I did have one small problem. With all its great offerings and smell of pastries and coffee....The store front was hideous. I think it is the oldest shopping center in Anthem.
5	Our second visit. Phenomenal sandwiches and baked goods. I had the Eggplant Grilled Cheese sandwich today - the best sandwich I've had anywhere in months. Wife had the Waffle, Eggs, and Ham sandwich with a rosemary bechamel sauce. Killer. We will be back....often!!
5	YUM! Serious nothing else to say. Best spot in town for a treat, breakfast or lunch.
1	I tried the place for the first time this morning and ordered a red velvet bagel. It took a while for them to toast it and when I got my order, the bagel was burnt.  The lady said she will give me a new one and after 20 mins waiting, I still didn't get my bagel because she forgot about my order. The food looks very good but service sucks.  So disappointed!
5	Bread and butter was simple but yet amazing. The food was delicious! I had the kale salad and the ham and cheese on pretzel bread! The staff was very helpful! Will be going back!
4	I previously visited this bakery/restaurant on an earlier trip this year for a Danish, but this was our first visit for dining in.  We each decided on muffins; orange/cranberry for Ann and blueberry for me.  Each was light and delicious.  As I was preparing to clear off our dishes, owner/baker Chris Herrin quickly came to the table to take our plates. He ended up sitting with us for about 10 minutes, providing us with a quick summary of his past work experience and plans to open another restaurant in two months.
5	Place is amazing.  Just discovered it last week and have been back 2x's and both times I really enjoyed it.  Yes, it's crowded for a reason: it's excellent!  Best selection of Rootbeer I think of any where too!
3	Decent. Not great. Not bad. We went here for breakfast/brunch today and it was alright. We tried a bunch of different stuff. Baked goods were great (only reason I'd go back). The breakfast was terrible. We had breakfast pizza and scrambled eggs with sausage. The eggs were under cooked or kind of runny which is not appetizing to me at all. The sausage had no flavor and tasted as if they put too much salt into the mix. We also had a cookie and a cinnamon roll and a pretzel which were all delicious. They obviously make their own butter and jam/preserves (not difficult, but expected at a bakery) and all were good, but nothing exciting. We ate outside which was nice because there aren't many summer days to eat outside in Vegas. Servers weren't all that friendly. People seemed rushed. Overall decent. Probably won't be back because it wasn't anything special.
3	We stopped in on a busy Sunday morning. While waiting in line to order I couldn't resist a sticky bun, it looked just like those my grandma used to make. I also had to try the jalapeno cheddar bagel. My husband ordered the Waffle Breakfast Sandwich scrambled egg, cheddar, ham, with bechamel sauce. It was the highlight by far. Thankfully, he shared some with me for exchange of some of my bagel. The bagel was very good as well. Great vessel for a sandwich, in fact, I'd the breakfast sandwich on that rather than the waffle. Another time, perhaps. The sticky bun was a big disappointment. It was a rock. The appearance totally fooled me, this was nothing like grandma would make.Service was spotty, my order was incomplete and I had to make it a point to collect my bagel.
4	If you're looking for a hidden gem, this is the place to go. We have been to this place three times now. The first time was amazing. The second time was terrible. And the third time, amazing! I guess, third time is a charm.Let's start with the atmosphere. Super laid back with a country fling. I've noticed that the staff is entirely different, and what a difference it made. She was friendly and answered all our questions and gave us some great recommendations.On to the food. My boyfriend had the salmon lox with on a bagel. He's a huge fan of salmon lox and was quite pleased with it. It was fresh and the flavors were right on. As for me, I had the breakfast sandwich. And let me tell you, it was worth every calories. The sausage was out of this world. A little on the salty side but it went so well with the eggs and pretzel bread that I had. I love pretzel bread and it's hard to compare the US's version to Germany's, but it's pretty good. However, the star of the brunch was the cinnamon bun. OH.MY.GOSH!!! Unbelievable. It was so moist and just slightly crunchy on the outside. Not to mention it was topped with this outrageous icing that I swear was pure butter. If there was one thing you should try, try the cinnamon roll. Since the much needed improvement of the staff, this place is once again a place that I would recommend to anyone looking for a great place to hang out and enjoy a pastry, or a sandwich or pretty much some great food.
5	Love this place!  Whenever I am craving something sweet I come here.  It is so hard to pick just one item but I do have some favorites.  The sticky bun is probably number 1.  If I am feeling like being good, then I opt for the Kale salad.  Although I do admit it is hard to come here and not buy something sweet.Oh, their pretzels are phenomenal as well.
5	Living by Aliante there is no quick way to get to Bread  and Butter so I had to make sure I was able to get there before the kids got out of school. Well...it was well worth the drive. I had the waffle ham sandwich in a delicious beschamel sauce. Very filling and very yummy. I took home several pastries. A berry croissant, yummy red velvet bagel, chocolate chip cookies for the kids and several other scrumptious items. None disappointed.  Now if it just wasn't so far!!
5	Bread and Butter is THE best breakfast and pastry place in town, hands down. I would go in every day if it were closer to my home or work.Regardless, it really is the best of the best.  You can't go wrong here! All of the breakfast sandwiches are excellent, the waffles are heavenly and the pastries are to die for. My husband and I have tried pretty much everything, their cinnamon rolls, macarons, croissants, scones, etc.Not to be missed! Go now!
5	This place is great! Everything I've had here has been extremely delicious. When I first went here I was disappointed because everything was sold out, but no need to worry anymore they always seem well stocked. I've been here multiple times now and can't really decide what I like best. I think I've got it narrowed down to the pb&j brioche or the sticky bun. The only thing that I haven't seen(and would love to) is a cherry danish of some sort. My family absolutely loves when I stop here and bring a box of delicious pastries over for Sunday breakfast! Also the coffee is really good. Check it out and you'll love it!
5	So, living in Vegas spoils a person with the abundance of great restaurants.  Well, lived by this place for three years and just found it today. It is fabulous. Had a waffle sandwich between the two of us and it was just AWESOME.
4	Okay so I've been wanting to try this place for awhile. I went there today and only had ten bucks, and was surprised that their menu was so expensive I could only buy one thing. I got a ham breakfast burrito to-go, and upon arriving home, I realized it came with a small little salad with some dried cranberries! Awesome! I bought it for $9.48, and I have to admit, to me, it was well worth the money. The burrito was awesome :D
5	I would go to Bread and Butter EVERY day if I could (...but it wouldn't be so good for the waistline). Everything they make is incredible! It's weird, but I actually dream about their All-AmercianTurkey Sandwich ;)This is one of our go-to places when we have friends and family visiting from out-of-town. Our return guests even request it! My sister-in-law (a New Yorker who knows good food) insists on making this one of her first stops when she's here. She swears the Kale Salad is the best she's ever had.Go there! You won't be disappointed!
4	So, I try to take it easy on the carbs because I'm a carb whore. But, I got their bagels and lox and I could not resist the bagel. The lox I resisted, it wasn't authentic enough for me. Typically, I'd eat half a bagel because it's like 500 calories already. But, I was like screw it, it's worth the 1000 calories! The bagel is so soft and chewy and soaks up the cream cheese as if their lovers. I think this is the best bagel I've ever had in my life!
4	After hearing a lot of hoopla about this place and reading about it on Yelp I finally decided to try this place out.  I got the infamous ham & egg waffle sandwich (~$9.50 I think) and iced coffee (Which came with free refills).  I though $9 was pretty steep for a waffle sandwich, BUT it was huge.  When I saw it I felt like I automatically gained 5lbs and thought I would never get through it alone, but after I took the first bite it was just earth shattering.  It was heaven in my mouth......the edges had a slight buttery crisp, but still moist.  The rosemary bechemel sauce was a nice partner with the waffle, which I thought would have been unlikely.  I thought "seriously, how is some sweet waffle, no matter how awesome it is, going to taste good with bechemel sauce (as awesome as that is)?" But it blew my mind.  I ate the whole thing alone. The ham's saltiness was balanced out by the bechemel sauce and the eggs were cooked to perfection.  The coffee was also pretty good.  I usually get my coffee with a lot of cream and sugar, but I thought it tasted fresh without sugar, which is a good indicator of good coffee for me.Seriously, hide your wife, hide your kids, you'll want to eat this waffle sandwich alone without judgmental eyes!I was bummed that I did not get to try their chocolate tarts.  I guess they only make 4 a day? But one day! ONE DAY!!!!
5	Went for a red velvet bagel and got the strawberry filled donut too! That was one of the best donuts I have every had!! Yummy!! That donut is a must have!! Bagel was good too!!
5	Went there with the intention of buying a pastry and coffee for the husband.  Instead we rolled out of there with a box of assorted pastries after finishing a DELICIOUS corned beef on rye and ham & cheese sandwiches.  I thoroughly enjoyed my corned beef on rye even if they were out of the sauteed cabbage. There was something about the combination of the tender meat and the wonderful bread that was perfection!  Yumm!  Can't wait to dig into the box of pastries in a bit.
5	So this little mom and pop place is pretty amazing. It's nowhere near the strip(about 15 minutes away). When entering the restaurant it feels as if you were entering a family kitchen. The owner is super nice and very hands on. His employees are all family members, they make you feel very welcoming. Everything in their menue is delish, but you have to try their eggplant sandwich , it's AMAZING!!!!!! Not even kidding !!!  Their breakfast waffle gravy sandwich is extremely good, but I recommend sharing with another person... Too much goodness!! Prices are very reasonable and the service is just amazing!!Highly recommend stopping by!!
5	Mmmnn!  The Local answer to keeping things simple and good.It's seriously the happiest place I've been regularly in Henderson, since our normal habit is to eat at home.  There is nothing to rival Bread and Butter, even in NoCal where I sit right now and type this, wishing for one of Chris' baguettes to dip into my homeade rosemary olive oil.  Go, eat at Bread and Butter, take a couple goodies home, then bring every friend who really enjoys food, and see what they think!
3	How disappointed am I after these glowing reviews. I'm going to chalk it up to the fact that I clearly ordered the wrong thing. Here's what to avoid if you go to Bread and Butter (hard to say which one was worse).The veggie burrito- Just awful. Bland potatoes, even blander eggs, some zucchini and raw red onions (??). Some salt and pepper, caramelized onions and peppers would have made way more sense (and been way tastier). I managed to make it palatable with a whole lot of Chalula sauce, but I would just skip this culinary disaster. The turkey sandwich- Nice roll, but equally as boring. Some roasted turkey and not much else. The menu offerings seemed limited, but there was a nice selection of baked goods and the coffee and service was fantastic (hence the three). Not sure I would brave this place again- there's just too many places to try around the area with some real flavor...
5	Go here ! Amazing food, polite/helpful/beautiful staff ! Thought I was back in LA !
4	Great bagels, baked goods, and breakfast, but questionable customer service on the weekends.Bread and Butter is basically an upgraded bakery.  By that, I mean it's an exceptional bakery that also offers sandwiches and waffles.  When folks rave about it, they're usually talking about its merits as a breakfast spot (waffles, muffins, bagels).  So what makes it noteworthy as a bakery?  Well, let's start with the bagels.  Bagels are a deceptively simple food.  They're pretty much everywhere in the breakfast world, but most places just offer a doughy circle with the center popped out.  With a decent toaster, most of bagel shortcomings can be cured.  The real test of a bagel, however, is whether it can stand on its own without a toaster.  Is there any substance to the bread?  The baker at Bread & Butter makes one of the best bagels I've ever had.  Thick and substantial with a light crunch.  You can taste that it's freshly baked that day.  The other baked goods are well-crafted too.  The pumpkin bread is soft and moist and tastes like a half-sweet cupcake.  It's topped with a thick, delicious cream cheese frosting.  The waffles are awesome.  I honestly didn't know how much I'd just been accepting flavorless waffles for years until I had the waffles with fresh fruit.  The waffle batter flavor makes me just want to eat the waffle with no syrup.The main negative with Bread and Butter is the customer service.  If the place gets busy, the staff can't handle the numbers.  Everything seems chaotic and the service is slow.  But visit on a non-busy day and you'll be incredibly happy.
5	Saw a review or two before going.  Love the PBJ brioche and plan to try a new pastry each visit.  The ham and cheese on pretzel bread was indescribably amazing.  Possibly my favorite new sandwich.  Be back there soon.
5	I cannot say enough amazing things about this place. The food is AMAZING! The beet and goat cheese flat bread is so yummy! Not to mention the waffle sandwich with ham and rosemary bechamel! The service is always fantastic and it's totally worth heading up to Anthem!
5	Was looking for something different to eat at around Las Vegas and came across this place in Yelp reviews. It didn't disappoint. The desserts were great -- especially the chocolate tart and the "Hostess" cupcake imitation. Salads, sandwiches and flatbread/pizza were all great. Worth the slight detour off the freeway. And the staff was very friendly.
5	Homemade breads, bagels, and pastries. Great place! We all found something to enjoy for breakfast here.  I dig their vibe!
5	Everything here is fantastic. Service, food, atmosphere is a win. Vegas needs more restaurants like this.
5	Everything is absolutely delicious and the staff could not possibly be more friendly. I followed the Tour de France two years ago, and was blown away by the bakeries and pastry shops in each every town out there. I couldn't figure out why there weren't any places at the same level in the US. Well, Bread and Butter had brought that level to Henderson, this place has made me excited to live here :-)
4	Great place for a quaint breakfast.The place is small and seating is limited. We have been in a few times and had to wait for a table on a few occasions.  They are busy during the breakfast/brunch weekend times but get the food out in a timely fashion.  Breakfast pizza:  I liked this a lot.  very filling, had lots of sausage and fluffy eggs.  the dough is homemade and very crispy yet had a good chew to it. Sourdough waffles:  these are yummy.  Light flaky and crispy waffles that are made into sandwiches or served with homemade preserves and butter.  My one complaint, is the butter was stored in the fridge and didn't spread as easily as I wanted it to. BLT sandwich:  Melted mozzarella, pretzel bread, fresh tomatoes, and crispy bacon.  Very delicious and seasoned really well.  The salad on the side was refreshing and the dressing was good.
4	Great service.  Great food.  I wish they would have specified the ham and cheese sandwich on a pretzel roll comes with deli mustard.  I hate that stuff.  It ruined the sandwich for me.  The waffle sandwich is wonderful.
5	Fantastic food. Small menu but everything is great for breakfast/brunch.
5	Red velvet bagels?! So amazing! Wish this place was closer to my house!
4	A while back I was driving along Eastern, and saw Bread and Butter as I drove by. It's in a strip mall (as most places here in Vegas are), but it looked interesting from a far. I don't know if it was the lettering, or maybe the name, but when I joined Yelp I saw all the great reviews and decided to bookmark it. This morning, Sunday, I tried it out...I got there around 8:30am, and to my surprise there wasn't a line! I must have gotten there right at the right time because about 10 minutes later groups of people started piling in. Being that it was my first time, I didn't really know what to expect. Let's just say I couldn't wipe the smile off of my face. I walked in and was greeted by multiple upbeat employees, and as I looked around at the tables, everyone seemed so happy. The place smelled fantastic, and behind the glass partition was loads of delicious baked goods! If I could have bought everything, I would have, but I figured since so many people raved about the ham and egg waffle sandwich, I'd get that. I liked it, but it was almost too rich for breakfast...maybe if I shared it with someone I would have felt differently. If I were to get it again, I think I would get the bechamel sauce on the side and add it as I pleased. The eggs were light and fluffy, the waffles had good flavor, but lost their crisp due to the bechamel sauce poured over the top. Mine had bacon, I can't complain about that, and melted cheese as well.The ladies to my right had cinnamon rolls that looked good, and the men to my left had waffles that they raved about! I want to give this place 5 stars, but I first want to see if the baked goods taste as good as they look... There was a killer deal going on this weekend...buy a $10.00 gift card, get a second $10.00 gift card for free! I'm all for saving money, and bought a few. I'm looking forward to my second visit, and can't wait to give the baked goods a try...I'll let you know what I think!
5	Love this small breakfast place in Henderson, NV.  The owner was very friendly, funny, and perky.  He suggested some items on the menu so I ended up ordering the breakfast waffle egg sandwich... which was delicious!  Great customer service, lots of loyal customers, great food, short line, cute little restaurant  = Great combination.  I'm a fan!
4	First of all, when you rate an eatery based on how long you waited and on the "external appearance," I would not call you a foodie. You are an average customer who needs to stay at Smith's buying your below average bagels (how else, would you know the quality of them, unless that is your place to buy baked goods! - Hello??) . This is not Bouchon or The Verandah at The Four Seasons; it's a bistro and it's casual. I also waited for my table, but realized that the wait would be worth it after seeing the baked goods on display. So what? It's not a big deal when you know quality food. Yes, this new eatery is hot and fresh in town, and they did lack space. yes? If you visit  quality eateries, you will find that and if you are a true fan of quality ingredients....you will eventually stay around and wait for the food. We lack quality baked goods in this town, but now we have Bread and Butter to serve that niche. Hey, give the chefs the credit which they deserve! Stop complaining over tables, S & P, and stay at Marie Callender's if you don't know how to recognize quality baked goods!Bread and Butter has great presentation, and this is an understatement that I am making. My mouth was watering when I saw the sticky buns on their display and not to mention the breakfast sandwiches being served ( you will need another hungry friend to share this one, because it is huge!) Anyway, I give it 4 stars because I have not tried the remainder of their dishes; I need to see how the rest of their food is and I will come back with my reviews. :~)One suggestion to the pastry chefs though - please add less filling in your raspberry doughnuts. The filling was yummy, but it was overdone with the quantity. It basically stayed on my plate and the rest in my belly. Congratulations,  Bread & Butter and I'm glad I visited your place for the very first time.
3	At the recommendation of Las Vegas Weekly, I had the muffaletta, which is one of their top 10 sandwiches in the city.The ingredients were of great quality.  The bread was too thick for my tastes, which may be necessary to hold it all together.  Also, the top was too crusty, to the point of cutting the roof of my mouth.  The olive tampenade was excellent.I tried the strawberry croissant since I had heard so much about their pastries.  This was not a winner for me, would have liked much more strawberry flavor.  I will definitely be back for breakfast, the menu looked great.  I guess I just didn't have the experience that most other yelpers did....I will say, the staff was very polite and service was great.
5	A friend brought me here at 1 PM on a Sunday afternoon for a late brunch. The food was awesome. The service was beyond friendly. At the cash register they asked if we'd like one of their superior clones of the familiar Hostess cupcakes for free. We of course said, "sure" and devoured it in a blur of chocolaty goodness. After getting our entrees and wolfing them down too we lingered to talk for a while. One of the staff swung by with two massive cookies and said, "here guys, to go with the root beer." Again free of charge. Then when we'd both finished our root beers another staff member came by and said, "here guys, try this" and popped open another one of the at least twenty different root beer varieties they carry and split it between us in a couple plastic cups.I was already planning on buying a couple more bakery items and another root beer on the way out, but the awesome service made me all the more eager to do so.It was so great to find such a great, casual little place, especially since it is within walking distance of my apartment! Can't wait to take my son as he is a root beer fanatic if there ever was one.
2	Since we read so many rave reviews we decided to try Bread and Butter today for breakfast. As an earlier reviewer mentioned, the place is packed, the tables smashed up against one another, people waiting for tables standing around and the environment was just generally chaotic. We finally found a table outside and, though it was hot, it was a relief to get of what was going on inside.There is no "service" here. You order at the counter, get a number on a stand and someone brings your food but that's it. Want water? Go get it yourself. Want more coffee? Go get it yourself. When I'm paying restaurant prices I hope I get service. Instead, it's very similar to McDonald's, just with higher prices.Why plastic plates and cups? Seriously? I felt like I was eating in a cafeteria. Not only are the plates plastic but small as well. The cardboard coffee cup is small as tiny and I had to go inside to get my free refill. I had the waffle and my daughter had the breakfast sandwich. Hers arrived at the table first. Mine never came. I waited a good ten minutes before going back inside and asking about it. Guess they'd forgotten because she made one right there. In the meantime, my daughter's eggs were cold. Neither one of us finished our food. It just wasn't very good.To their credit, they gave me a $20 card to use on my next visit. Since the food was barely passable and the service horrendous and the atmosphere circus-like, why would I ever make a return visit? I spent their $20 gift on several bags of their caramel corn (at $5.00 a bag). We ate some in the car and. . .surprise! It too was not very tasty and we ended up throwing away all the bags.The crepe place on Eastern, across St. Rose Parkway, was last week's visit and I highly recommend it over Bread and Butter.
3	Super trendy place to eat, the bakery side is sooo goood and a gazillion calories. I definitely would come here just for the bakery. We had lunch here and the prices were reasonable. I got a latte with my lunch and it was super bitter. The eye candy here is GREAT for guys and gals alike. I know this cuz we had a gal in our group and her neck was on a swivel haha.
4	I am really surprised I haven't reviewed this place. I have been to the actual location 3-4 times, but I usually get my B&B fix at Grouchy John's. A friend originally purchased a chocolate tart from GJs. It literally ranked top three for the best things I have ever put in my mouth. I was on a quest to find that delicious tart's origin. I went to Albertson's, Smith's and checked several bakeries. I eventually went to GJs, but they had no tart. I did, however discover where that tart was made and the rest is history.So yeah - the chocolate tart here is beyond amazing. No words, it just amazing. Banana Nutella Muffin - very good. A regular treat for me.Blueberry Muffin - Good, but the Nutella is better. It does have a ton of fresh blueberries, and it's tasty. I don't want to discount that, I'm just more of a chocolate girl.Red Velvet Bagel - Just ok. The cream cheese that comes with it is actually gross - opt for your own. Chocolate chip cookie - Too much chocolate. Yes, too much! I never thought that was possible, but long behold.The Hostess cupcake - It's disgusting. Every time I've ever gone to B&B they've spoken so highly about this cupcake. The cake part of it is ok, but there's some weird coconut concoction that taste like vaseline. Just nasty.The service is great. I've never had an actual meal here - just the desserts. Definitely worth a stop.
4	I've been hearing about this place since I moved here in January. I FINALLY got the chance to try this place last month! It lives up to the four star overall. We had a turkey BLT that was served on their bagel. Their bagels are different cause they aren't quite as dense as normal bagels and they are SOFT. When I first saw the sandwich I was like "there is wayyyy too much bread in the sandwich" but it was the perfect ratio! This is a place I would definitely recommend to some locals in the Anthem area!Oh yeah, this place has a weird obsession with root beer...I'll have to do more research on that.
5	Stopped by one afternoon for a quick bite. Started speaking with the Owner and then he gave us a couple of cookies and a cupcake.  I thought that was very generous.I had to have the Muffalatta because I'd read so much about it. Really great sandwich, bread ratio to filling was perfect.  They can make a damn good sandwich.Well, I few hours later I remembered the chocolate cupcake.  THE CHOCOLATE CUPCAKE. I'm in love.  It was amazing.  I am not going to get to graphic, but it would be very easy to let my mind wander, to think about all the places I'd like to eat The Cupcake.  I had a dream about a cupcake. I knew immediately that this could become a real issue.  Ya know  one that would appear on TLC....Woman lives with 988 cupcakes.Bottom line food is fantastic, pastries delightful. Oh, but the cupcake....that cupcake was .....you really just have to go there and have one...or 2.So yeah, it's OK if ya like that sorta thing.  I just realized its been 3 days since I had a cupcake fix. I think I might be going through withdrawls.50 shades of chocolate.
3	2 times and both times were okay experiences. My first visit was right after BnB opened. My now second visit has come many months after their opening. Strangely, I still think they are trying to get the kinks worked out at this place. You would think for how popular the place is most of the problems would be fixed. That, or the days I have been here have been their "off days". I went here for a lunch with 2 friends and the place was packed. I had to scour the crowd for people who looked like they were leaving. Once two women got up from their table outside I immediately snagged it before it was even cleaned up. When my friend I arrived I went inside to place my order.I decided on the pesto chicken flatbread and was rebuffed - gah! Their flatbread griller thingamajig was not working, out of commission for the day. Saddened I tried to decide what my choice B would be... but alas, the lady behind the cash register came to my rescue! They would make my pesto chicken as a sandwich. Fantastico!As my friends and I chatted we waited for food, which eventually came. Hmm. Considering I put MY order in waaaay before my friends (about 10 mins) I found it odd that my plate came out AFTER theirs. The sandwich itself was good. The soft bread was the main star. I guess they do breads well here. That's a good thing. The rest of the sandwich was pretty meh. I meant to go in and get a chocolate tart because I have heard they are amazeballs, but I forgot to go back in once my group was seated outside chatting for awhile. I think I'll be back for that tart...
2	Today was the first time I had a meal from this restaurant.  It  was pretty busy so I figured it would be fantastic. I ordered the BLT Grilled Cheese that comes with a mixed greens side to go.  The side: the dressing tasted of Olive Oil and nothing else - seemed too greasy.  Thank goodness for the cranberries, they added flavor.  The sandwich, while it had good flavor, the bacon was very, very undercooked verging on raw.  I have uploaded a picture so you won't think I'm crazy. The bread (as it should be for a restaurant named Bread and Butter) was wonderful!  If I ever go back, I'll be sure to ask that the bacon is cooked a bit more crispy.
5	We happened upon this place after doing a few site visits in Henderson and looking for a gas station.  The place is located in a strip mall on a street with a ton of retail.  if you were to blink, you'd miss it and it would be unfortunate for you.  After spending several days being very disappointed with almost all of the fine dining establishments we ate at on the strip.  B and B was a surprisingly unexpected gem.  Walking in, the place has a very unobtrusive type atmosphere with fantastic looking baked goods in the displays. I chose a breakfast sandwich on croissant and my wife had the salmon pizza.  The croissant was soft flaky as they should be but almost never is, bacon fresh and the eggs light and fluffy.  it came with a small side salad.  My wifes  pizza was first off, big.  We were thinking a small personal sized pizza and in fact was a medium sized pizza with the same fluffy eggs, smoked salmon, cc.  The crust was perfect which is always my gauge for a pizza.  We also picked up a cheese danish to go which we had later on the road which was exquisite and we both regretted that we didnt' get more, though we were flying out that day so the point was moot.  Id have to say this was our best breakfast we had during our 5 days in Vegas and we spent about 1/4 of what we spent on our other breakfasts during our stay.  Keep up the good work and will visit again next time we're in town.
2	My party of four ordered our meals and the other two in my group were completely done and sipping on coffee before our other two meals even came out.  It seemed as if they completely forgot about us.  I let it go for a while until I started noticing that every person who came in after us were all seated and eating.We went to let them know and then they told us their waffle iron (or something like that) was broken.  They should have let us know when we ordered OR just made ours first since we came first.  Sounded like an excuse to me.My roommate is a head chef and told me that what they ended up bringing me was not how my meal was usually made.  I still thought it tasted pretty good but I will not be going back.  My friend's food was terrible and he didn't even eat it so we shared mine. Sad cause I was pretty excited to eat there.  :/
5	This place is a drive for us, it's on the other side of town, but we're craving some fresh pastries and feel the need to drive, two of our favorite things to do.When we walk in, the place is packed, and our eyes grow big with delight.  The smells, the baked goods, and tarts make our mouths water.  They have a menu full of items like salads, turkey sandwich's, waffles, and bagels, but it's the dessert's we're craving.I pick out the "hostess cupcake", I am a sucker for chocolate, it's fantastic.  I also select a blueberry muffin and an chocolate brownie tart. Both very good.  My husband selects the carrot cake muffin and a cinnamon role.  He enjoyed both.    The owner and baker, Chris Herrin is working the floor, and stops by to chat, introducing himself, and asking about us, which is nice to see a chef taking pride in his craft.  We praise his goods and he is delighted we've enjoyed everything.  This is a really good place for sweets and treats, friendly staff, and it's a no brainer, we'll be back!
4	Very friendly and such great pastries.  We really enjoyed the lunch soup and have had nice breakfasts.  You might think of sharing as some of the sandwiches are large.  I like their choice of coffee.
3	I write this review in hopes that the management and owner take notice and adjust. Henderson is so in need for this place to be spot on all the time and not inconsistant. The Service:Always nice and accommodating and you can tell they want people to enjoy themselvesThe Food:The Turkey sandwich is always bomb although last time my bread to turkey ratio was a little light.My two main issues are one, the baked goods are incredibly inconsistent and maybe they have less production days then when they started. My PB&J brioche yesterday was inedible as was my friends. Nothing brioche like about it as it was hard. dry nad maybe a couple days old. THis was just as bad as the chocolate croisant. Maybe a couple days earlier it would have been neeter but tasted like it was a couple days old which means the only thing good about it was the high quality chocolate inside it. My second main issue is when you name your place Bread and Butter and I order some toast with my breakfast how is it possible you bring me out little frozen packs of butter in peel it back plastic to go with it. The name of the restaurant is Bread and Butter, why wouldn't you make sure you are the best and those two things. Great toast with some killer options for some soft easy to spread tasty butter to put on my Bread (toast).So to wrap up I really love this place and want it to survive but when you miss the little details and the basics it makes me worry and hope you correct.
4	Best breakfast sandwiches for a good price. Awesome bakery as well. 25 min drive for me and we'll worth it. Just get there early cause it fills up fast. Only con is the coffee isn't that good.
4	Was looking for a breakfast place one day and saw Bread and Butter was highly rated so I decided to check it out! When you first walk in they have a HUGE case of pastries! It overwhelmed me for a bit with how much they had. Their menu was small and simple but the options sounded tasty. The gal at the counter explained that we order at the counter and then take our number and choose our table. I had the bagel breakfast sandwich and my husband had their waffle sandwich. Mine was really good! Scrambled egg, cheese, and ham. The bagel was so soft...mmmm! My husband had the waffle sandwich and it was HUGE! The only thing he didn't like was that the hollandaise sauce on top had a lot of rosemary in it. Other than that it was great!
5	Food was awesome!  I couldn't decide on what to get and the woman taking my order was super helpful.  She even brought us a pastry to try that had by far the best custard in the middle.  We will definitely go back again.
3	Bread and Butter perfect name. Don't go here on a Diet! Not much for salads, like none which is what I was hoping for. Moca coffee ok nothing special, my mean was ok, not that impressed. small resturant with limited seating.
2	Bagel fail.Im dying for a good bagel out here. I take my bagels very seriously. (: I decided to give this place a try...looked like it could be good. Upon walking in, the 'bakery counter' is RIGHT on top of a handful of tables.A personal pet peeve of mine (I admit it, I'm strange..) is when I'm trying to look at a menu and the person behind the counter just sort of lingers there, putting me on the spot. Knowing it was our first time there, she probably should have suggested something rather than staring at us awkwardly. Feeling the pressure, I quickly ordered a bagel with cream cheese (butter? were there gourmet ones? did I miss out on something? who knows!) and I had the great pleasure of spreading it on myself. (Oh hell no... New York? Where are you???) Yeah...Now,....if you call it a bagel, it best taste like that east coast deliciousness I miss so much.This didn't. It was more like a baguette in bagel shape.....FINE enough, but don't call it a flippin' bagel! It was dry and completely hard to chew. While I am quick to say "if you can't get a bagel right, then there really isn't much hope..." I would still possibly, MAYBE try this place again. ....Probably not.
5	This place is located right across Pho Mailan right on Eastern and Sunridge Heights. This secret little Gem is one of the greatest breakfast places i have ever been to. I discovered this place while i was browsing through my foodspotting app and I also yelp'd it to check out the ratings.. All was good and decided to come here on a rainy day. All I can say is DAYUM this place brought sun to my rainy day. I ordered the Ham and Egg Waffle sandwich and a double espresso.  The ham and egg waffle sandwich was amazing. They topped it off with some eggs Benedict kind of sauce and it was pretty fulfilling. I really want to go back and try the PB and J brioche and all their other desserts.Their espresso is pretty strong too it woke me up, fo sho!The service was great , the staff is helpful and gave you a service with a smile.I am freaking excited to go back this Sunday. I am bringing my friend, another epicurean, and letting her try this awesome breakfast place.Oh by the way they don't just serve breakfast they have lunch too. Will keep you posted if I try their lunch menu.
4	Chocolate croissants here are to die for!Probably next time I come back here, I might get half a dozen of it since it's my new favorite thing.
5	New and creative items
5	Definitely hit this place up early as it gets full fast. The portions are reasonably priced and, in my opinion, delicious and big!! It's the perfect place for breakfast any day!
4	I have had nearly everything on the menu...and will keep coming back! My favorites are the kale salad for lunch and the sourdough waffles for breakfast. The breads are wonderful! And macaroons...yum! The unpretentious environment is also a plus.
5	I am very impressed with Bread and Butter. Sunday at 10:00am very busy, tough to find a place to sit. I would stand and eat my food, it was so good. I had the waffle sandwich. Two waffles with cheese, scrambled eggs, and ham between. Great local coffee and amazingly happy employees. I have found my new favorite breakfast spot in Las Vegas.
1	I am probably the only person who really does not like this place. First time I thought all the desserts taste like bread there was no difference in the quality between the bread and the pastry. So again I gave them a chance my son wanted to try them all tables were full so we ordered something to go. After people were getting their food and we were still standing there I went to the register she went to the chef and he yells out can' t you see I am busy. Well I guess too busy to take care of customers as there were plenty of people in street clothes in the back grabbing food talking to the help etc. I won't be back
4	We have made 3 trips to Las Vegas since Bread and Butter opened and this was our 4th visit.  We each decided on a cheese Danish. The pastry was fluffy and the filling oozing with deliciousness.  We talked for several minutes with owner/baker Chris Herrin's cousin who seemed to be managing the place in Chris' absence.
4	I had the veggie mushroom soup, which they served with a fresh pretzel roll. It was soooo yummy . However if you are going there for lunch, call your order in as they are extremely busy. You may be late punching back in from lunch, like I was. I waited 20 minutes for soup that was already cooked! Other than the wait time, I was pleased with what ordered except the jelly & PB brioche. I would have bathed in the soup if given that opportunity.
4	Have eaten breakfast and lunch here many times- always well done- but the item(s) that consistently blows me away are the baked goods- especially the baguette's-absolutely killer...better than any I had in Paris or Oklahoma for that matter! (apologies to Three Dog Night)
4	I want to give this place a 5 star rating but can't because the staff is so unorganized. My wife and I came in on a Monday morning to a full dining area. As we were contemplating what to order for breakfast, one of the gentlemen behind the counter heard me say I was thinking about getting the sourdough waffles. Before I could confirm my order, he plated 2 waffles and served them to me. Chill out -Waffleman! Um ok--I'll go with the waffles. Problem is, they were a little overdone and he forgot to give me any butter to go with my syrup. Needless to say, I was not impressed initially with the food. But wait a minute, we also ordered an egg/ham/cheese sandwich, a custard filled donut, and a banana nutella muffin.  Aah--a chance for redemption. 30 minutes later (I am not joking), our breakfast sandwich arrived. Good thing that sucker was delicious, because I was about to throw a fit.  My verdict-"the bagel was heavenly"! 10 minutes later, the donut and muffin arrived. I can't believe how much custard was crammed into that donut, and the nutella muffin was perfect!  A little while later, another woman comes by and says your waffles are coming right up. Hah? I ate those things two hours ago..... Our bill was $24.00 for three items and a soft drink. Bottom line, the food is great. However, the service is spotty, and the wait time is ridiculous.  Maybe next time I will call my order in a half hour ahead of time.A solid 4.5 rating in my book!
5	We usually spend a good ten minutes pointing and ooing and ahhing at the sweets behind the display. Cinnamon rolls, cookies, cupcakes, wholesome donuts dusted with sugar and filled with cream. Then we order coffee and pretend as if we are not going to order the foods we always do--the breakfast sandwich on challah with bacon, the chocolate cupcake that looks like what Hostess used to make but is ten times as good.Everything at Bread and Butter is fresh and served by these super sweet people. More than just a sugar rush, Bread and Butter is a community spot. Whenever I'm there I run into people I know or make new friends. That's a great feeling.
4	Had the Country Ham & Egg Waffle Sandwich.... excellent!!  The sticky bun was good, but could have been a bit softer and moister... it is a little pricey, but the food is plentiful!
5	I love this place for breakfast! They have a huge selection of extremely delicious (and fattening) breakfast pastries. However, they also have options for those more health conscious. Their veggie sandwich was amazing... goat cheese, asparagus, tomato, onion...YUM. It was warm and crispy and just perfect. The wait can get a little long especially on the weekends, but the staff is always accommodating and efficient. The people next to our table were waiting for their order for quite some time and one of the staff came out and brought three complementary pastries for them because of the wait. Their food arrived shortly after and they shared their pastries with us! How nice...on all accounts! Overall i am excited to sample more of their menu..the smoked salmon sandwich looked pretty enticing.
4	Great pastries.  The owner and chef is very nice.  He threw in a few freebies and showed us his restaurant in the same shopping center.  The french macaroons were very good (I usually don't like these at other places).  The cookies and donuts are very good.  My girlfriend enjoyed the waffle sandwich on the breakfast menu.  It's big enough for 2 or 3 people to share.
4	AMAZING! WONDERFUL! DELICIOUS! HOMEMADE! FRIENDLY! YUM!Those are a few of the excited utterances that expelled from my mouth while having Sunday breakfast/brunch with friends. It was slightly busy, which is always nice to see for non-chain restaurants. When you walk in and get in line, you'll be tempted by pastries: cookies, bread, croissants, bagels, etc.  The selection was so aesthetically pleasing that I almost wanted to skip breakfast and just pig out on sweets! (But ended up doing that after breakfast anyway). I ordered the breakfast pizza. I added bacon. Two of my friends ordered the ham and egg waffle sandwich and my girlfriend ordered a jalapeno cheddar bagel with cream cheese. When we sat down, the waffle sandwiches came within about 10 minutes. The pizza came about 15 minutes later and they forgot the bagel. That's why I'm taking one star off...it was a little bit slow and I had to ask for the bagel twice. HOWEVER, the ham and egg waffle sandwich IS A MUST ORDER. I tasted and immediately regretted my decision to order pizza. Not that the breakfast pizza wasn't delicious, it WAS, but the flavors and consistency  of the waffle sandwich (crunchy but soft waffle with fluffy eggs and an amazing hollandaise-esque sauce) were more amazing than I expected. It was probably one of the top 10 breakfast foods I have ever had, and that's saying something. After I ate about 1/3 of the pizza, I hit the pastry line again. I could not resist. I was sitting at a table in a seat that faced the glass wall of treats. I got up and ordered a PB&J Brioche muffin, a peanut butter cookie sandwich thing, and a raspberry jelly donut looking thing. We all began tasting and everything tasted great. The flavors were unique and everything tasted like something grandma would make! GREAT spot for casual breakfast/brunch/coffee!EDIT: I forgot to also mention that the bagel my girlfriend ordered wasn't anything to write home about. It was dry and didn't have much flavor. Also, the cream cheese tasted like it was cheap and store-bought. So, stick to the treats and breakfast sandwiches! :)
4	I don't know if it's a blessing or curse that I live far from Bread and Butter. It's a blessing because I definitely don't need the extra calories and curse because it's so damn GOOD!I only got a chance to go here for take-out and got a red velvet bagel. Anyone who knows me knows that I'm a sucker for anything red velvet. I got it toasted with cream cheese and it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. I loved the chocolate chips that were semi-melted because I got it toasted.I'm dying to go back here again and try even more of their menu. One thing that irked me a bit was their service was a little unorganized. The cashier didn't have enough change for me so she took out all of the tips from the tip jar and dropped it all over the floor. And she asked me three times if I wanted my bagel toasted. I get it... it was busy. They may want to train their staff a little better because this place won't be slowing down anytime soon!
2	The cashier was really nice and that's the only reason why I'm giving this place two stars.I'm from France, born and raised . Bread and butter  is part of our every day life over there so I was excited after I saw all the good reviews about this place .How can they call it bread and butter????Bread :The first thing I saw when I walked in was the bread.  The Bread looked really sad to me and it reminded me of the bread they sell at the  Walmart bakery (sorry Mr Walmart your bread doesn't look appealing), so I did not even bother trying it .Butter :It was more like margarine (IT DOES NOT TASTE ANYTHING LIKE BUTTER)!!I got the waffle sandwich with eggs, ham and cheese, topped with this pasty sauce!!! Gross!Those  wafles were not great at all but the sandwich would have been ok if they didn't put this broken, creamy, powdery sauce on the top .(wowww not good)My girlfriend got the sour dough wafle and only had 2 bite of it cause it was too dry like a big stack of saltine crackers.  We thought it would be a hit since she likes her waffle crispy on the outside, but it was just really bland and hard.I did not enjoy my brunch over there at all. We left our plates barely touched and it was so not worth the price tag! (I think it came out to about 25$, with a cup of coffee as well).Maybe they can fool the people who never had real good (bread and butter) ,that's good for them but I would not waste gas and money to go there .( i rather go to Walmart ).
4	Stumbled upon this gem of a place the other day with some friends yesterday.  I didn't know such a quaint place existed in that strip mall, as I've been to places like Aurelio's and Osaka before.  Bread and Butter really offers a lot of brunch personality and boy was I lovin' it!I decided to get their daily special, the beef brisket hash with a fried egg, instead of the strawberry salad it's accompanied with, I got the bowl of fruit and a soda.  My bill came to about $14 total.  Yes, a little steep but I thought it was a lot of food.  First the fruit came in a small white cauldron well, filled with cantaloupe, strawberries and pineapple.  So fresh and so sweet, I was lovin' it!  The hash was also served in it's own well, potatoes and chunks of beef brisket chunks and caramelized onions, topped with two fried, sunny side up eggs.  Maybe I should have asked for over medium or scrambled.  I'm not a fan of very runny eggs however the yolk did run into the hash and did combine pretty well.  The brisket was super marbleized, maybe just a little too much , however I was needing something fatty so it was fine.  Although I didn't partake in any of the million pastries they had to offer, I KNOW when I get in that mood, I will definitely come back to try some of their baked goods.  It looked AH-MAZE-ING.  If you're on your way to Anthem, stop by this gem of a brunch place and try them out!  You will love it!
4	Great spot to get some of those baked good in the Henderson area!  They don't have a very extensive menu, but what they have to offer is pretty good!  I usually get their croissants and there's so many to choose from!  My favorite has been the strawberry one. One bit of the croissant and you'll know why I come back for more!  The outside is so flaky and crunchy while on the inside, it is soft not too buttery.  If you get the strawberry one, they can even heat it up for you, which makes it so much better!  They actually use fresh strawberries (not the preservatives) with a cookie crumble topping.  They also have these donuts stuffed with various things that they sell.  My friend and I tried a strawberry one and to me, it tasted exactly like a malasada, the Portuguese donuts that are sold all over Hawaii.  That was something nostalgic I didn't expect to come across at this place. This place use to sell Macaroons, but because the owner opened up another restaurant (Meat and Three) the macaroons have moved to that location.  I also wanted to try their sticky buns, but one can only eat so much.  Next time! =D
5	Oh yes, this tasted so good, I couldn't get over how yum yum my sandwich was. I had the Grilled Cheese BLT on challah, one of my all time favorite breads. My hubby got the Muffaletta and his quote was "Wow, this is fantastic". His was piled high with hot meat and cheese and looked so frickin' fabulous.Couldn't stop staring at the deserts. So tempting not to get one of each (we almost did). The food menu is smaller than most of place, but don't be discouraged by that because it tastes really good. Also, probably a good idea not to go during lunchtime so you can get a seat.
4	I tried their Waffle ham Breakfast sandwich which another yelper called it pastrami and it was tasty except the waffle they served me wasn't as soft as I expected to be but the sauce on top helped out. I've never had one of these,  so for all I know that's the way is suppose to be. I gave this place 4 because the service is also great. I think it was the owner Dave who helped us. He was pleasantly friendly and helpful. I'll see you guys again. Thanks!
4	On the 10th Day of Christmas, I finally had the opportunity to swing by this establishment after it's been a bookmark for months.  A small place that was bustling on this Saturday morning, I popped in and browsed the bakery selections, choosing a PB & J Brioche and a pumpkin muffin to go.  I had the brioche when I got home and I was disappointed at its dryness.  However, the pumpkin muffin, which I ate the next day, was still fresh-tasting and I definitely liked it more than the brioche.  I'll return for lunch to try the BLT Grilled Cheese--that sounds like it's right up my carb alley!
3	NOT TOO IMPRESSED!After much anticipation and hearing lots of good, positive things about this place, I finally get a chance to check it out with my wifey. Well, I got good AND bad things to report.Sooooooo.........we come in on a saturday morining thinking it was gonna be packed and busy but to our delight, the place was only half full. I order the Smoked Salmon and the wifey orders the Corned Beef on a baguette instead of rye. We pay and are given a number to put on our table.This is where my first impression takes a dive. 10 minutes later, we were thinking that making our sandwiches probably takes a little bit of time to make. 5 minutes later, we noticed the two groups of people that ordered after us got their order already. This is when I proceeded to go up to the cashier and asked if our order was coming up. She said it should be up in a couple of minutes. Another 10 minutes go by (25 minutes total) and STILL no food. Again I go up to the counter and ask if wait times are usually about 25 minutes or so. Her response was that one of the chefs stepped out to go get some more supplies from the store. Soooo......back to my table I went.Finally, after 40 minutes, we finally get our food. I know for sure it was 40 minutes because on my receipt when I paid it was 11:09 am. When the food arrived, the time on my phone was 11:49. So as you can see, I was very much concerned about the length of time it takes for you to get your food. Yes, the place did get packed after about 20 minutes we ordered, but that shouldnt of affected how long our order took based on the fact we ordered before the big crowd showed up. Prices are what I think are a bit high. (8 dollars and change for each sandwich ordered). The good news is that A: The Smoked Salmon and The Corned Beef Sandwich was ridiculously good! B: Allison, who was the cashier that we have been dealing with, gave us an assortment of goodies from their bakery case to try and make up for the long wait time. Now this was appreciated and I give her props for what she did.So at this point, 3 stars are what I am giving. Once I make a second visit, I will do an update accordingly hoping that the lapse in service was just a fluke.
5	Bread and Butter is FABulous. They have complimentary homemade jams, they sell their own version cornflakes, and they have a beautiful case full of croissants, muffins, and other unique breakfast pastries. Their service is also great--they're locally owned and are always so kind and super helpful (and patient when you're indecisive).Everything I have eaten here has been phenomenal--but make sure that at least one person in your party orders the ham and egg waffle sandwich. You will instantly slip into a dream-like state, swimming in a pool of bechamel and bouncing on fluffy waffles.
5	Amazing breakfast sandwiches! They are large though. Make sure you have an appetite :)
3	I have eaten here twice for breakfast so take it for what it is worth.  The donuts are home made and I had a raspberry jelly and it was good.  Not out of this world,however.  I see all the 5 stars and wonder why, I had the breakfast sandwich and it was good but I have had better off of trucks.  Then again I have eaten from some awesome food trucks.  I will go back and if something makes me change my mind, I will revise the rating.
5	Great pastries and the staff is very friendly. I came here last June when I came to visit my sister in Vegas and really enjoyed the food so I had to stop by again during my visit in town. :) again, everything was amazing. The Nutella banana muffin was delicious and moist and the donuts were great. The chef/owner was there and is very nice. He took us down to check his new restaurant 3 doors down (meat three). It looked very good; we'll definitely have to come back and try dinner there; after I finish all the pastries I just bought!  ;)
5	This place is AMAZING.The wife and I went here after church today. I had the PB&J brioche and a coffee while the Mrs. had a blueberry muffin and an OJ.The brioche was insanely good. The strawberry jelly and peanut butter dough went together like...well PB&J. It does actually taste like the sandwiches mom used to make. The coffee is fantastic. I expected a run of the mill brew but was pleased when I tasted their java offering. It was smoky and without the typical bitterness associated with such roasts. We'll definitely be going back!
3	I tried B and B out this weekend and it was okay.  The girl at the counter was friendly and suggested the ham and egg waffle sandwich.  I had that and a mocha coffee.  The sandwich was pretty good; however, coffee was kinda weak.  I heard one of the other workers talking about not wanting to be at work or something to that effect. I think their service model contributes to nobody checking on how things are after the food is delivered.  I found seating area including benches uncomfortable and they could do some deep cleaning in the area..  I also don't like the loose silverware in the bucket as they had not been polished...leaving me  wondering if  they were really clean, etc.  I will return just to try some bakery goods to go.  The fact that folks give this place four and half stars shows how starved people in the area are for good places to eat.
5	Just when we were about to damn ourselves to no breakfast territory after so many restaurant fails in this city Bread and Butter saved us. This restaurant ruthlessly mangled the New Years successful weight loss attempts we achieved in one fell swoop. Leaving the once glowing skin of organic foods to full bellies and shameful yet enjoyable sugar rushes.We plan on working down the menu through lunch and then maybe eat salad for a month straight to make up for it... or stick to the veggie dishes..  wow. This place is so fabulous!  Waffles and eggs and sinful pastries and donuts. I was impressed with their granola too. Pastries that are artfully and carefully done. Crispy outside to the bagels. Very thick cookies that melt in your mouth.All appetites are different and I am not one to judge anyone but I thinks it's safe to say the portions are pretty generous. So i think the prices are fine because many of the dishes you can share. (Not Hash House a go go big, but still a good size).  The Corned Beef is my favorite and I don't even care for corned beef most of the time, it comes with a lovely side salad. We loved how the sandwiches come with salads and not cheap fried food like many places. The mushroom soup was astounding. Muffalatta is not hype, it's that good.My next visit is going to be the eggplant sandwich. The service was friendly and the ice water plentiful. The coffee was good. The seating for the most part is size friendly. The bathroom was clean. (Important!).  I am not sure I would suggest this place if you have a small window in your work day to eat because I noticed when people come in, they come in droves. We arrived late one day and sat there as the only customers then all of a sudden bam they were slamming. That door didn't stay shut for more than a minute.  Don't pass this gem up.
5	Oh ma word! Sooooo glad to have found this gem, their baked goods are so delicious! The chocolate chip cookie is amazing. The croissant with strawberry is freakin delicious too! If I'm Nevada again this place will be a must stop again.
5	Yelp, you are always correct and I am here to help in that tradition.Punched in breakfast in the area and Bread & Butter came up with a ton of reviews and 4.5 stars. So we went, and its simply amazing. Each item has its own unique spin, the bread is fresh which ALWAYS helps make a good sandwich great. After munching down on their BLT, I couldn't help myself but to get a macaroon and a croissant to go to snack on later.We were in Vegas for four days on this trip and had to stop in for a second time to get the waffle breakfast sandwich. MMMmmmmmm. Just go.
5	Probably the Best "off the strip" breakfast place in Vegas.
5	Great service from the second you walk in. The girls working the counter immediately greeted us with a "good morning" and while we read away at the menu selections asked if they could get us some coffee to consume while making a decision. I got the ham, egg, and cheese waffle sandwich drenched with their brochel. One word to sum that dish up....DELICIOUS! You will not be disappointed. The pricing is very reasonable as I spent $9.50 on my breakfast. My companion got the Facebook special chicken teriyaki sandwich with coconut coleslaw for a jaw dropping $5. After brunch and spending about $19.50 (that's including tax and two drinks). We sat and talked while the waitress walked over our breakfast. Only complaint was that the meal ended. While we were absolutely stuffed with our first ordered we decided to sit and talk to buy some time in order to get a few pastries beautifully displayed. We ordered a red velvet whoopie pie, a pb&j briouche, and a vanilla creme filled pastry. That totaled out to $10 even after taxes. Needless to say about spending $29.50 our taste-buds were jumping for joy, our stomachs full, and a new breakfast spot to venture too regardless of the 20 minute drive. **Also take note their store hours are now 7am - 3pm.
4	What a great place to grab a quick lunch near by! The staff is kind and helpful, the food was prepared quickly and was really yummy, and the ambiance is charming. I had a small portion on the kale salad (YUM) and the eggplant grilled cheese on challah. It was HUGE and so inexpensive. Wonderful place!
5	Great food, had a turkey sandwich and BLT the food wash fresh and the flavors were delicious. The environment was friendly and nice. We will defiantly be going back to this place.
5	LOVE this place. Although it's in a strip mall (hey, were in Vegas), it doesn't feel like you're in Vegas. Staff is always super friendly, food is always good. I am so happy Vegas has an oasis like this to come to for anything from a coffee and pastry to a healthy lunch.
5	One of the best Breakfast/Brunch places in Henderson.  It has a simple, classic feel like a Newport Beach/OC cafe.  My wife and I love it.  The macaroons are good, but we usually get the Red Velvet Bagel or the Red Velvet Woopi Pie.  They are perfectly cooked and wonderful.  The Muffeletta is a heaping sandwich, with great flavors.  The breakfast burritos are good.  You can taste the fresh ingredients.  One of the best this side of town.
4	Found this place on yelp obviously! Saw the pics of the ham and egg waffle sandwich and had to try it. (I substituted the ham with sausage) it is beyond yummy! Cute little breakfast spot that's open till 4, and the macaroons are huge! Def buying one before I leave. Come try! You won't be disappointed.
3	I hate to have to give this place 3 stars as the food is so good and Chris is such a good dude!  The reason that I am though is that I am soooooo bummed that they did away with their red velvet bagels.  I was told that they weren't selling many of them?  I thought these were some of the most popular?  Anyway, seems as though the case isn't full of the delicious variety that it once had?  Would love to see the red velvet back.......please?
5	Such a cute and cozy little place! I love to find local places like this. It is definitely a charm. Great selection of pastries and sweet treats. I had an oatmeal cookie, and it was probably the best I've ever had!
4	Bread and Butter is a nice change of pace when it comes to eats in the AM.  Known for their breakfast/brunch meals, it's also their pastries that will have you coming back for more. The presentations on from their desserts to their meals are 2nd to none.  Review some Yelp pictures and you'll get what I'm talking about.  Listed below are my opinions on what I've tried. -Smoked Salmon Pizza ($10.95):  Thin crusted pizza with tomatoes and smoked salmon pieces on top. I love salmon and since it is smoked, the flavoring can be tasted with each pizza bite.  My only issue is that it's a fishy fish with an after taste. -PB & J Brioche ($4):  Divine describes this best.  The muffin itself taste like peanut butter and is filled with strawberry jam.  The jelly is super rich and compliments the peanut butter perfectly.-Ham/Egg Waffle Sandwich ($9.50): Looked good, but taste was missing.  My post Valentine date had this and it was bland.  Not sure what the problem was, but gravy, ham, and egg doesn't mix well with the waffle.  She had two bites and I had one, then we were done with it.  Don, the owner's father, saw our disappointment and immediately rectified the issue by replacing it with their breakfast burrito. The breakfast burrito was good.  I just liked the food, but loved their pastries.  I can't wait to come back to try their macarons.  Customer service is where Bread and Butter scores big time.  Don was great and you can tell that their customer's are numero uno at this establishment.  5 Stars for service.  Thanks Don, you are truly the best.
5	Oddly enough they ran out of butter and the bread was stale when I was there.. Sorry bad joke, I'm just kidding.. In all seriousness...This place was excellent. The pastries looked amazing; when back in vegas I'll have to get down on the cinnamon rolls, pretzel bread, macaroons, etc. I went with the burrito. The burrito was killer; an excellent spot for a go to breakfast burrito for sure. Tons of different kinds of hot sauces to wet down your burrito. Go here and repeat.
5	This place is AMAZING eatery/bakery !!!!!
5	Gather 'round, children, and I will tell you a story about the human condition. It involves love, hate, desperation--you know, all the biggies. It was the best of meals, it was the worst of meals (just kidding, it was super good). Anyway, let the review commence!I arrived at a packed B&B around 12 on a weekday. I had been wanting to try this place forevs and needed to get some work done, and yessss they have wifi! I could eat lunch and drink tea and use my handy dandy iPad to get things done. Oh and they have macarons? SIGN ME UP!I ordered the eggplant sandwich. I must say that in theory it is an excellent sandwich--eggplant, cheese, pesto, and delicious soft bread. In execution it is not so much a sandwich as it is something to eat with a knife and fork. I kept trying to pick it up, but it was fail all over the place. I succumbed and just ate it with a knife and fork. It was delicious!Here is where the sickness of humanity comes in. This old woman with a CANE was sitting at a table. Behind her, from the line, a RHOGV (Real Housewife of Green Valley) exclaimed in shock and horror to this woman, "THAT'S MY TABLE!" As if the most horrifying thing in the whole world was that this woman with a cane had taken her table. Ugh. People make me sick. I was shooting them the look of absolute disdain the entire time they were ushering this woman to another table (at this point it seems important to mention that this place is crammed full of tables--it's not super easy to get around, especially when you're old with a cane). Then the RHOGVs needed extra chairs. When I say RHOGV, I mean tennis sweaters and visors, and faces standing still in time. Oh and super entitled to a table in a cafe that was already taken. Ugh. People. Anyway, they thought they had been all settled in their magical table that had their name written on it in invisible BravoTV ink when they didn't have enough room and moved tables to, you guessed it, right next to the people whom they so rudely moved earlier. I was so disgusted at them and somehow (I dunno, maybe my death stares in their direction), the owner picked up on it. He gave me a macaron in silent camaraderie (at least I think it was the owner). He also gave one to the injured party. I thought this was absolutely top-notch not only as a business owner but as a human being. The macaron was excellent--chocolatey, gooey, soft AND crunchy, absolutely perfect. He also refilled my tea at no charge. This is the mark of a place I want to keep patronizing. Yeah, the sandwich might not have been perfect, but the customer service was. I can't wait to go back and try the breakfast. Maybe I will now! See you later!
5	Wow, how did it take so long to try this place out? My only warning is it's a little hard to find. If you've been to Meat & Three, it's the same shopping plaza, just further down. the way, which I thought there would be no way that was possible, but it was. Lesson learned: Never overlook the obvious.This place is only open for breakfast and lunch, and it's one of those places that will make me wake up early for it. It was a little steep, but that was my own fault, because I added one of their incredible, warm, and fluffy blueberry muffins and tipped on the card too.But it was all SO worth it. The muffin was one of the best I've had. Ever. EVARRRRRR. Warm, fluffy, plenty of plump blueberries, so good. Most muffins are so dry and bland -- this definitely was not. Great start to breakfast.Both me and the Bestie opted for the breakfast burrito. It comes with the options of bacon, sausage, steak or chicken, but on that particular day they had pulled pork, so we both wound up going for that. So amazing. A. MAY. ZIIIIIIIIIING. The pork was tender and juicy, and mixed well with the melty cheese, warm potatoes, fluffy eggs and salsa, in a wheat tortilla. The only breakfast burrito I've had that's better was at El Tepeyac Cafe, in East LA, like the BARRIO East LA. So that's high praise, to be compared to that. This is a breakfast burrito that stands up, shakes your hand firmly, and says, "Welcome to your day, Pal. It's going to be a great one. Go get 'em, Slugger!"The staff was SO friendly too. Big smiles, helpful attitudes... if I had a sixth star to give, I would totally give it right now. I'm already thinking of my next trip (waffle sandwich and Dad's Old-Fashioned Root Beer), that's how good they are.The place is on the smallish side, so make sure to grab a table when you can, because they don't do reservations. Make the trip to Anthem and try this place. It's a great option too for anyone staying/playing at Green Valley Ranch, since this place blows their eateries out of the water, and it's a short car/cab ride.
4	Tired of the same old bfast choices? Then get over to Bread & Butter cafe and bakery. Free Wifi a plus and I was fortunate enough to encounter no wait during my weekday visit.Started off with a cup of Joe and ordered their waffle ham and egg sammie. Don't even think about eating this monster with just you're hands, I was forced to go in with a fork and knife to slay the beast. The combo of the gravy, light waffle, lean ham, cheese and eggs was harmony to my taste buds!Overall friendly service and unique choices. The baked items looked incredible, so I have a reason to return.
4	Gosh, where do I start about how much I love this place? Honestly, it took me way too long to actually come here and I'm ashamed. I had been hearing about its wonder for a while and had the opportunity to try their pastries on a couple occasions, but didn't make enough of an effort to go.I finally visited when my BFF Lily was visiting from NYC last December. Our experience was top notch. As over zealous as we usually are with food, we needed to try several options. We tried a couple pastries, the Sticky Bun and Banana Cream Tart, plus two savory breakfasts, the Ham and Cheese Waffle Sandwich and Smoked Salmon Breakfast Pizza. Everything was SOO delicious!! The waffle sandwich is ridiculous, especially the rosemary bechamel sauce. Amazing. I ordered it the next time I visited as well. The pizza was wonderful too; great crust/dough and the toppings were good (maybe more Smoked Salmon and less eggs would have been better). The pastries were yummy, my favorite being the Sticky Bun. We were even more fortunate that the one taking our order and preparing our food was the brilliant chef himself, Chris Herrin. He offered and refilled our waters and he even joined us at our table for a chat! And to our delight, he suggested to take photos with him, so of course we did! Could this guy be any cooler??!Since then I've tried the PB&J Brioche, Strawerry Crossiant (twice), Coconut Crossiant, Cinnamon Roll, Breakfast Burrito, Banana Macaron, and Vegetable Breakfast Sandwich. Everything has been pleasant and deletable. Those open-face crossiants are creative and unexpectedly my favorite pastries I've had here! I can't wait for my next meal and love the excitement of the day's pastry selection.
5	Wow!!! What an incredible restaurant.  I happened to be in Henderson yesterday (for the very first time) and met a friend at Bread and Butter.   Everything we ate was class A +++.  Also Chris (the owner) contagious passion for his food and great service was present everywhere. I can't recommend this place more highly.  If you looking for an outstanding place for sandwiches, salads and desert - you have a 1st class place in  Henderson.   Now, I just want him to duplicate this place and him in my town as well.
5	Best sourdough waffles I have ever tasted!  Also had the BLT Grilled Cheese and it was outstanding!  I would've liked to have had the option to have the sandwich on sourdough bread but they don't offer that.  That's my only suggestion-offer sourdough.  Such a great meal, such a great find!  Thank you.
5	Delicious!
5	WOWZERZ BATMAN!Absolutely fantastic food. You can honestly taste the quality. And they were so nice! They gave us two free pastries because we were so exhausted having just come from a long AM drive from out of town. Great people. Great food. Just great stuff all around.
5	What a super & delish place to go with the family! The Morning Glory Wrap was just an explosion of flavors & so was the Ham & Cheese Waffle. The Macaroons is also well worth the $2.50. I definitely will be back here... the drive is totally worth it! Keep up the great job Bread & Butter Owners & Staff!!
5	Great space, friendly staff, and delicious food. We tried the Muffaletta and the Yogurt Parfait. The sandwich was absolutely decadent, with about 10 layers of meat and cheese, with a unique carrot chutney on perfectly toasted focaccia bread. Came with a salad, which I loved. The parfait was served in the coolest way--in a bowl with swirls of honey, and ramekins with granola, jam, and fruit. Very pretty and very good.This is in my neighborhood, so I will be back to try the pastries!
4	Amazing little place!  So many sodas and root beers!  Love it must go and eat waffle sandwich. Mmmmm!
4	Place is a lot different than I though it would be (not saying that is a bad thing!)  More of a cafe/bakery than sit down with a menu and order.After looking at the menu, I was quickly distracted by the case of baked goods and decided on a Nutella covered banana muffin.  Yes it tasted as good as it sounded!  I will come back to try the waffles next time!
5	Let me put this in terms you other restaurants can understand-- this place does EVERYTHING right. Everything, from the quaint little interior that will make you feel like you've been transported to a small town in the country side, to the extensive root beer and rare soda collection to the visual delight of their baked goods spanning the length of the counter, is   what helps make your experience at bread and Butter worth repeating. They are a bakery, breakfast destination and also a good spot to stop by for a casual lunch. Should I add coffee destination to that list? I just did. I often criticize businesses for trying to be too many things at once-- but hey, if you can pull it off then what's the harm? The reason BnB is so successful is that they have underlying themes to everything they do. They don't offer a food item if it doesn't fit their philosophy so it never feels forced or tacked on.Shall I start with the service?  It was excellent. My compliments go to the young ladies who worked at the counter on St Patty's weekend because they were nothing but extremely polite and helpful when it came to choosing items on the menu. You'll notice this isn't exactly a classic sit down joint, but it's far from fast food. You order what you must from the front, grab a seat and your order will be brought to you in a timely manner. It was a brunch sort of time so we decided on the sourdough waffles and the egg sandwich. We sipped on our coffee (Irish Cream and a white mocha) while we waited for our food. I was honestly blown away-- I did not expect this place to be able to make coffee like that. We added some splenda for sweetness but the flavors infused into these two cups of coffee rival the best coffee shops in town. What a way to start off your day!The sourdough waffles arrived shortly. I'll admit to being skeptical about how sour dough would taste in waffle form but this skepticism was shattered immediately in the first bite. Hands down, the best waffles I have ever tasted. They are very light and fluffy, and are rather small as far as portion sizes go, so you should order them as a side dish to something more hearty, but I can't stop fantasizing about these things since I last ate them. They come with a bit of powdered sugar, delicious, home made butter and an absolutely phenomenal home made strawberry jam. I nearly fainted from the multiple foodgasms experienced as I worked through this dish.The egg sandwich arrived a bit later as it took longer to freshly bake. Another excellent choice. The crispy bread, the interesting choice of asparagus, zucchini , tangy roasted peppers and goat cheese created a breakfast item unlike any I had ever had before. Protip-- it is a bit lacking in saltiness and benefits from a few drops of hot sauce as you gorge. They were kind enough to offer me some organic sriracha to do the trick. With this in mind, I promise you will love the item.And for dessert (at breakfast?) Upon leaving, we were given a complimentary chocolate "cookie" by our very kind server. I use the quotes because this monstrosity was about the size and weight of an NHL regulation hockey puck. We decided to save it for dessert after dinner that night and we definitely did not regret that decision. It was so flavor packed and moist and delectable that I seriously worried about acquiring type 2 diabetes. After this experience, BnB can do no wrong and is without question one of the elite breakfast and bakery destinations in Clark County. This is the kinda good worth driving for-- I promise you won't regret the trip.
5	This place is amazing. Thanks to fellow Yelpers i found this place. My husband and i were on our way home from Vegas. We stopped in for breakfast and was not disappointed. Everything was fresh, staff friendly, and did not wait long. This place is must to visit when visiting sin city. We even took home a box of their pastries! I wish we had one in Cali. Do they Fed Ex :) ?
4	Had the waffle breakfast sandwich and it was amazing. All their baked goods looked really delicious. Only downer is the price is a little high for a breakfast place, but with quality options like they have here, its understandable. Will be going back for more soon.
3	Anything with the word "bread" in it, spikes my interest. Bread is my weakness. By the time I got here, they were out of baguettes.. So my boyfriend and I came here one afternoon due to the great yelp reviews. I ordered the sourdough waffles. Surprisingly, they were waffle sticks... Really light and fluffy. They were served with a butter and a delicious homemade strawberry jam. I wish it came with more jam, the portion was teeny.  Speaking of teeny, this dish should be more of a side dish. Very small portioning.My boyfriend ordered the BLT grilled cheese. He had no complaints, but he did not love it either.We also ordered the nutella banana muffin to share. AMAZING! We got the last one, which was bitter sweet. I wanted more! It was kind of strange, because my boyfriend's food came out at least ten minutes before mine. I sat there and watched everyone who had come in after us receive their food before I did.. I didn't want his food to get cold, so I was left practically eating alone...I like the set-up of this place. Very cute, and I like the whole "self-service" theme they have going on. I will return for the nutella banana muffins. We will meet again! BUT, I wasn't wow'ed by this place. As the rating goes, it was A-OK.
5	Exactly what a little bakery / deli should be.  I think we've had just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed...oh yeah, and their bakery items are great too!  They have disappointingly short hours would be my only real complaint.  Be prepared to wait if you go around be breakfast hours.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place.I had the grilled cheese BLT...and now I'm dreaming off all the other food on their menu,I bought a bunch of sweets to go.....donuts and chocolate chip cookies are amazing....and I can't wait to taste the macaroons I bought!Well Done!!!!Any plans to come to SW Vegas???
5	This place is either a 5 star brunch place or a 3 star crap shoot.  If the owner is here everyone steps up there game and the food and service is amazing. If the owner is away the place seems to fall apart. I went here on a date and the service was terrible I waited over an hour to receive my waffles. But I have been here other times when the owner was there and the food was great and service was amazing.
4	The selection here is just torture!! It's too much to handle!The waffles are exquisite, and the baguette is GODLIKE!The entire shop feels like Nice, France, a cute little quaint family owned bakery oozing love from the walls :)
5	Total religious experience. Pastries are a-MAH-zing. The only prob is that there is barely any seating because it's so busy. Incredibly crowded. The customer service though was awesome. Great Tea Selection. The doughnuts are deep fried poetry.
5	Came here for the first time with my girlfriend and ordered the waffle sandwich and brisket sandwich..The waffle sandwich was pretty good but the brisket was even better. We decided to order some deserts so we asked who we believed to be the owner to choose between the cinnamon bun, strawberry croissant, and nutella banana nut muffin. Since it was our first time he told us to just buy 1 and gave us the other 2 for free! all 3 tasted great. Will be back again.
5	Did Bread & Butter live up to my expectations? YES!!! It was amazing! Let me start with the food.My Husband and I both ordered the Waffle Breakfast sandwich. It came with three crispy waffles layered with thick sliced ham, eggs, cheese and covered in gravy!! It was so huge I did not know how to start eating it. I could not resist buying some pastries and bagels before I left. My husband picked out a chocolate croissant and I choose a strawberry honey bun! I also got a poppy seed and whole wheat bagel. Everything was so delicious and freshly made,  They have a pay first and put a number on your table system of ordering. You serve yourself your own drinks, which is fine with me. B & B also has every kind of condiment under the sun available for you. The decor is nothing fancy, but comfortable. There is outdoor seating available as well. I can not wait to go back. I want to try the smoked salmon bagel!!
3	The strawberry croissant was heaven, and the chocolate chip cookie was good, although it reminded me more of a brownie - it was so thick and cake-like in consistency. The cinnamon bun was quite dense (even when heated), as I thought was the red velvet whoopee pie.  The flavors were spot on, but I was hoping for something light and luscious.  I think I may have my first crush on a chef.  The restaurant owner is one of the kindest men I have ever met.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Food is amazing. Pastries are too many to choose from so i usually end up with all and share with all my friends. Have sent so many friends to eat there. They all love it. Glad Anthem has such a great place to eat!
2	We went there for a breakfast. This is store front in a small mall so it sets low expectation for ambiance. And it had none.Since the name suggested a focus on bread products, I had a croissant. It was ordinary at best (about the quality you get in a supermarket). The coffee was hot but certainly nothing special (again you get better at the Starbucks kiosk in the supermarket).And the service peaked at indifferent. The are many better breakfast places within a 2 mile radius. I will not be back at Bread and Butter.
3	Items sampled include: Strawberry DoughnutPecan Honey BunChristmas Tree Old FashionedChocolate CroissantHam, Egg, Cheese, Rosemary Bechamel WafflewichDriving to Vegas for the first time and thus with far more off-strip mobility than prior my Christmas vacation began in Henderson as I awaited the arrival of my friend's plane from Florida - a perfect time for pastry beginning at former Bouchon Bakery master Chris Herrin's Bread and Butter, a large bakery and sandwich shop in a rather unattractive strip mall but a true case where you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.Featuring friendly service, ample seating, and a selection of pastries both classic and novel I was lucky to arrive just as a fresh order of brioche strawberry doughnuts were emerging from the fryer and identical to those at Bouchon both the eggy dough and thick jam were expertly crafted - a theme that would carry over to both the crisp and flaky chocolate croissant and the nearly half-pound cupcake, rife with cocoa and topped with thick vanilla frosting.  Less successful, the honey bun was simply a case of an item sitting on the counter for too long - the flavor fine but the yeasted dough already getting weighed down by the ample, rich toppings.Moving to more savory options, the restaurant's signature Wafflewich would prove to be every bit as delicious as any sandwich crafted of similar high quality ingredients but literally drowned with creamy Bechamel I personally would have preferred the waffles to be a bit more crisp, perhaps even a bit 'crunchy' for texture...but I have to say the rosemary was an inspired touch to what was otherwise a well executed croque madame and although I'm not sure I would call Bread and Butter a 'destination' bakery I'd certainly return if driving up from Phoenix again.
4	Everyone knows that Bread and Butter is great.  So, I'm not going to rehash all the prior reviews.The pastries are great.  My favorites are:1. Cheese Danish - more of a custard filling than the norm. Huge.2.  Sticky roll - Thickly coated with toasted pecans.  So, Good.3.  Macarons - Gigantic and cheap.In fact, I'd say the only things I'd pass on are the muffins (way too gooey for my taste), PB & J brioche (kinda stale everytime I order it), and Challah.  The best thing in my opinion are the employees.  They are so friendly, helpful and willing to give you a deal.  In fact, if you like their Facebook page, they'll occasionally advertise specials and freebies.  A recent one was a box of pastries with a discount to equal the temperature (It was 75F, so 75% off).  My inner bargain hunter loves that kind of crap!So, get the pastries, like their FB page, and you're good to go.  The end.
4	I love the Breakfast Pizza!!!! The best thing I ate here. I also had the Waffle sandwich but the pizza is the best kept secret here. I also had the donut. It was average. They recommended me to get the Twinkle cupcake and it was way too sweet for my taste.
1	Okay so it's been almost a year since I discovered their breakfast burrito. The first time it was incredible, but I've noticed that each time I go back, it gets a little bit worse.Several times, they've forgotten potatoes or salsa or even cheese in my burrito. It's been poorly or hastily wrapped in such a way that it doesn't even resemble a burrito. Then, when I ask for an extra side of salsa, they give me one of those cups but don't even fill it up all the way. (I'm talking about a spoonful, that's it.)There's another problem. The salsa is incredibly inconsistent. I get that it's made fresh or whatever, but sometimes it will be red, and other times orange like they put cream in it. One time it even had an odd consistency and it just looked like tomatoes mixed with twigs.More recently, on Easter Sunday I went there for a burrito and they lost my ticket. So as I was sitting there for thirty minutes (literally, I kept track) with countless waiters passing me by without a word, I wondered what was taking so long.They finally realized something had happened to it and made it, then said they were going to refund it back to my debit card. I'll admit, I thought that was pretty classy of them... But, it's still over two months later and I never got a refund.Then another time I wanted to see if anything else was better and tried a cinnamon roll. Not only was it incredibly dry and tasteless, but they used peanut butter frosting. It may just be because I despise peanuts...but I don't know... peanut butter frosting on a cinnamon roll doesn't make much sense to me, even if you're trying to be different.I don't care for their staff either, who I feel are standoffish. Won't be going back again.
4	Really like this place. My dad is into to breads, and baking. So what better place to take him than bread and butter?! The staff is always friendly and accommodating. I got the veggie breakfast burrito. It comes with a side salad and you can help yourself for the cholula 'cause it needs a kick. They use to bring out a pretty jar with water for you, but today you just dispensed your own a lil less fancy.My dad also LOVED that the pastry/bread chef came out and talked with him while he was looking at all the beautiful breads. There muffins (are a lot larger and flatter than normal ones) looked great and I wanna try it next timeI just think it's really cool that a restaurant has employees that are willing to go above and beyond to get to know there customers! Will be back!
3	Went here last weekend and had a vegi burrito, it was okay except I felt like they used some random vegis that didnt blend well. The burrito was also bland not much salsa or taste had to drench it in tobasco.
4	Cronuts & Yelpers are what drew me to this place. Saturday morning and all a buzz with the breakfast crowd. Just walking by, you want to come in and be a part of this hip looking establishment. My inner sweet tooth wanted to climb over the dessert window upon entering. This is no average bakery. The desserts are plump and inviting and not the standard grocery store baked goods that are a dime a dozen.Today we came for the much anticipated CRONUT that I couldn't wait to try and even called to make sure they had them. Dominic was nice enough to set aside some for me. Well my proverbial eyes were much, much too big to handle what we would encounter. In doing a little research on the cronut, I thought they would be manageable sized "croissant donuts". So I told them to hold 6. Lo and behold, we get to the counter and see that each cronut is sliced and layered in between is a rich vanilla custard. 6 was an overkill. The girl at the counter was nice enough to take back a few when our eyes bugged out at the $30 tab. The cronuts were much heavier and more dense than I would have liked. They tasted good, but I didn't want to waste my whole weekend's caloric limit on 1 cronut. I would have preferred them much lighter and similar to a croissant texture. But I'm glad we tried Bread & Butter as this may become our weekend breakfast spot.
1	I'd go back to Bread and Butter for pastries, but truth be told that's about it.  I wanted to try the place after hearing raves at work and reading a review of the waffle breakfast sandwich in the Weekly.  Its hard to screw up a breakfast sandwich, but Bread and Butter did it. Here is the recipe, take a nauseatingly sweet waffle, top with day old scrambled eggs, ham, and gravy that tastes like flour, combine and serve cold.  The kids had similar reviews on the breakfast burrito, and breakfast sandwich. There's a better breakfast to be had.
5	Great breakfast.
2	Yikes!  I went to Bread and Butter with high expectations.  I'd read the reviews and was so hoping for the kind of great food and service that my fellow Yelpers described.  Unfortunately, I left disappointed and hungry.My visit was during the lunch hour.  The lunch menu was, in my opinion, lackluster.  I told the gal at the counter I am vegan and asked what she'd recommend.   She said it would be no problem, and rattled off several things they could whip up.  I opted for the veggie sandwich, which sounded hardy and delicious.  What arrived was an egg sandwich.  I had to send it back, and when it returned it was mostly lettuce and tomato on some very thick wheat bread.  The bread was good, but the sandwich left me desiring more.  In addition, my sister in law ordered a sandwich with no condiments.  It arrived with some sort of dressing smeared on it, and she ended up taking it apart and just eating the innards.  I think the rest of the dishes were correct, but I don't recall anyone swooning over their food.I gave this place two stars instead of one because they were able to make a great soy latte!  I suspect their other coffee drinks are good too.  The pastry case looked a bit sparse, but what it did contain sure looked pretty.  Who knows if any of it was also tasty.I'm not sure if it's because there were five adults and two kids in our party, or if it was just an off day, but our experience left something to be desired.  Unfortunately, I won't be back.
4	I decided to be a pig today and eat more than I should. This was the first time I tried it and I loved it. I tried the chocolate croissant, hostess cupcake and sticky bun. All wonderful..a little expensive but that wouldn't stop me from going back. The people were very friendly. The only thing I didn't like was there was nothing in the glass case to drool over..but maybe because I got there late in the afternoon...still a great place.
4	Came in for lunch on a Friday. I know this place is popular and made it a point to arrive before the noon hour began.I ordered the Muffaletta sammie since discovering this in NOLA recently. It came with side of salad and I ordered a oatmeal raisin cookie for dessert.  The sammie was tasty although I felt the chef overcooked the roll to crisp. The sammie consisted of ham, salami, mortadella, capicola, swiss, provolone, mozzarella, olive spread and giardiniera. The sammie was tasty - quality of meat was yummy and The salad was refreshing since it was a hot day. I couldn't eat the cookie until I arrived at the airport but it was heavenly.Bread & Butter is a distance from the strip but worth the drive!
5	Great breakfast spot. I have FUN every time I go. In fact I was there yesterday and hung out with a good friend. The staff is always pleasant and came and checked on us several times to make sure we had everything we needed. I've had the waffles amongst other things and everything is delicious. They make their pastry fresh daily and it's extraordinary. They have an eclectic mix of beverages as well as the traditional coffee beverages and sodas. They have seating inside and outside.
5	I had heard the owner had sold... and was really concerned that the food might have slipped.No slip at all.  The food is still excellent.  I had a terrific sandwich on a Pretzel Roll.... Wow really tasty...but a bit salty for my taste...but overall the sandwich was wonderful.Good job.  I am so relieved.
4	I live close so I like to stop by for a breakfast pastry or lunch. The first time I was very disappointed with the eggplant sandwich I ordered it sounded great but it was way under seasoned. Still, I like the concept so I decided to give it another try I don't know why, but i decided to give the same sandwich another try, although the bread surrounding the filling was good, the eggplant was still no good. Third time there I ordered the pretzel sandwich, the bread itself was great, yet the filling (again) less than impressed. I have been a couple of times to take pastries home, and everything has been great. So, today I decided to once again have lunch there. I came late, around 2:40, so I understand that it is close to closing time and they are almost sold out of everything and trying to clean up to go home. There was not much left in the window to choose from so I ordered a sandwich, Corned Beef on Rye, first, no swiss, ok so he offered provolone, that's fine, then the guy behind him remembered they didn't have that either, so I told him to put whatever he had. I paid and waited for my food, he came out again and said they had no more corned beef but could do it with brisket, at this point I was like, whatever put anything you want on it. He apologized for being out of everything as he gave me my to-go bag. When I finally got to eating my sandwich I realized there was no fork to eat the salad that comes with the sandwich, so I was not able to eat that. But as I took the first bite, I was almost happy that they were out of everything. So far this has been the best meal I have had there. Makes me want to erase my previous memories. The bread was great as well, just a little dense but everything tasted great! It was so huge I ate half for lunch and the other half for dinner. Overall very happy with today's experience, just a fork would have been nice.
4	I called to reserve some cronuts. This is a drive for me and I wouldn't want to waste time driving here just to find out they don't have them! They only had chocolate available when I went so it's a good thing I'm a chocoholic. We've all heard about cronuts from Dominique Ansel in New York that sells for $5 a piece, limited to 2 cronuts/person, super long lines even before they open and scalpers like to sell them for quadruple the price. So, I'm thankful I can enjoy them and only have to take a 28-mile drive instead of flying all the way to NYC for that madness!Croissant + doughnut = cronut.  B&B's version looks like 3 sugary golden brown croissants shaped like doughnuts with a hole in the middle with filling in between. It's slightly flaky and chewy. Harder to eat without a fork and knife. It's messy and it's good. The chocolate filling was mildly sweet. It's like Spanish chocolate you dunk churros in but thickened with cream and more chocolate.They have good macarons, pies, cakes, red velvet bagels, cookies and other pastries too. Aside from sweets, they also have savory treats like muffuletta, sandwiches, etc.The only gripe I have is their service. I stood in front of the cash register for a long time and it wasn't even busy. The lady that "helped" me wasn't friendly or helpful at all. I was still talking to her and she kept walking away. Tip: call and reserve your cronuts before 11am, they tend to run out.
5	Ooooomg!!! Never in my life would I have thought I'd like a waffle sandwich and one with a creamy rosemary dressing but I didn't only like it I loved it!! The chimichanga was also yummy and the macaroons were soooo good and the soda bottle choices oh my!!! It was defiantly worth driving across town to try this place out and the servers were all so friendly and helpful!! They let you custom make any order to to you're liking which is a HUGE PLUS in my book!! Would for sure come back to try more stuff!
1	Yes I too wanted a Cronut.  There was a large sign in front announcing that they where there. But, it was not to be.  I walked in and I have to say, it felt different. I didn't have the magical feeling I had before. Something, just felt off. My Nutella senses were not tingling as usual.I waited as the person in front of me chatted with the cashier about her continuing education, not once getting acknowledged, I waited, I waited, I didn't see anything that screamed Cronut to me, but I had never seen one in person. So, I waited.Yippee. My turn. One Cronut please. Oh, we don't have any. I thought they must have run out, it was 10:30am. "Our refrigeration is out and the dough was ruined." HmmWouldn't other "doughs" be ruined by the lack of refrigeration is THE DESERT??She preceded to walk over to the bakery case, that was pretty empty and ask what she could get me.Yet another problem, I'm 5'2" and she was about the same height, it was like a jailhouse visit...we just needed the phone so I could hear her.I walked around the counter and had to ask, does Chris still own this. She said NO.That's when the rest of my little Nutella muffin eating heart died. No Cronut for You! Next!!
4	I was super duper excited to try Bread and Butter. It's out of my way and after a 20 min drive we finally arrived.  We got there at a fairly decent hour...830? There was one cronut left and it was all mine....We also decided to get some breakfast.  I ordered the infamous waffle sandwich with ham and the husband ordered the breakfast burrito with sausage. I also got a chocolate croissant and a chocolate chip cookie with my cronut.  My thoughts...The Waffle sandwich was delish! Definitely a winner...I want to try just the waffle next time as well.  The breakfast burrito was a lil bland but we added some Tabasco and it was decent. Now they were making fresh cronuts as we were leaving.....sucks! I thought the cronut was very dense and too much icing for this girl, but my husband really liked it. It's pricey but it def will fill you up if all you want is something sweet. The chocolate croissant was good. I should have ate it there to see if it was flaky but I was full after my waffle sandwich. Not a big fan of the chocolate chip cookie....I was craving a cookie for so long and this was more of a chocolate chip brownie type deal. Don't get me wrong it was delicious but I wanted a cookie with a crispy outer edge and soft inside.  Overall this place is a winner and I know we will make the trek down here again. We spent about 40 bucks with all of the items above so it's not the cheapest place but its worth it.
5	This place was great and the service was SUPER awesome. The gal at the counter comped me a free dessert so I wouldn't have to watch everyone else eat their food while I was waiting for my waffles, which were delicious BTW. Keep up what you are doing. I will definetely be back
5	wonderful.hidden in a little strip mall on the way to anthem this gem of a place must be tried.I was looking for a place for a "regular"  breakfast. I was disappointed at first that they didn't serve the typical bacon and eggs and potatoes for breakfast.however the lady behind the counter said she would do her best to fill my request for a "regular "style breakfast. I said no and ordered the turkey sandwich. I'm so glad I did.fresh off the bird white turkey breast. no chemical laden processed turkey meat.delicious.bread that it was served on was spectacular. No tip jar. Left a nice tip on the table even though it is a self-serve style restaurant.I  do not put any money ever in a business with a tip jar. it is like they're standing on the entrance to a freeway begging for money for simply shuffling few steps to the left or the right. can't wait to get back and try other items on the menu. Highly recommended!!!! Updated 5 15 2014. Now closed . Apparently there has been a new owner since I was there last and did not keep up with the quality of the original bread and butter. Sad.
5	The lady that took our order was awesome. The food was awesome. The muffalota was great, the waffle sandwich (sausage) was awesome, and the bacon breakfast burrito was good. We also had the lemon bun, pistachio macaroon, and a peanut butter macaroon (I think that's what its called). Great food and great service!
5	I can't say enough good things. The staff is very attentive and wonderful each time I've gone there. The food is excellent. I had to wait a little extra for my food to come out and they have me some complimentary pastries to take home.
4	OOOooo....  I have found another star amongst my list of things to eat and its name is cronut.  We got 2 to go, thinking we'd save them for later but that little bit of goodness cast it's spell on us and they were devoured before breakfast even hit the table.  Yummmm!  Or order was a breakfast bagel sandwich and a breakfast pizza.  My sandwich was great and that pizza, the little bit i had of it was pretty darn tasty so I'm thinking that's what I'll be getting next.  The staff was nice and friendly and the place had that homey charm that just calls you back.  And we will hear that call again soon!
5	So I'm not a big pastry guy, nor do I often seek out such places. But heard a lot about this Cronut thing and thought would be nice to treat my visiting in-laws. Place was far less busy on a Sunday morning than I expected so it was nice to have plenty of space for us, especially since I'm toting my baby boy.  Pleasant ambiance assigned, my focus is the food and is it worth the hype?  Ordered Strawberry Pancakes for the ladies, a Chocolate Cronut to share, and had to get the Bacon Waffle Breakfast Sandwhich for myself.  Dive right into the Cronut and gotta tell ya, although I'm a family man, I had a hard time sharing this thing. The chocolate filling matched up perfectly with the subtle donut/croissant flavor. I was afraid it would all be too sweet but totally wrong. What an invention! I may have lost a year off my life with this breakfast but no doubt with it. Then to follow with great coffee and an excellent bacon sandwich, this is now our official go-to morning joint for visitors. Bread & Butter is worth the hype. Just wish I could've tried their old sister store Meat & Three.  If this is what they can do with dough & sugar, can't imagine how good the meat was!
5	Cronut ?!?!?!? AMAZING! We also had a bacon breakfast pizza, which was fantastic; the eggs were light and fluffily, the bacon was cooked to perfection. The customer service was top notch, the girl up front was warm, inviting, and attentive.
4	The pastries here are the nuts!  If you are on a diet stay away!!!  Unless you have the will power to resist the sweet smelling temptations that are on display!  Of course I had to try the cronuts, as it had so many positive reviews....and yelpers.. You did not fail me, thank you!  I can understand all the hype on them!  We also ordered a strawberry croissant, which was flattened with what i can only describe as a strawberry strudel topping on it, it was also devine!  As for the food....I ordered the corn beef sandwich and my SO had the sausage breakfast burrito, I wouldn't be able to tell you how good the burrito was, as it was quickly devoured!  However, the sandwich was served on a rye bagel, with large slices of beef, which were nice and juicy, plus it didn't have an overwhelming salty taste to it, then they add slaw to it, which gives it a good fresh balance as it wasn't overpowered by vinegar,  the sandwich was so large I was only able to eat half.  I did however eat the all of the side salad they served with the dish, a variety of greens, dried cranberries and red vinaigrette.  Yum!  If you are around the area it's a definite must go!  Oh....and the service is great and friendly!
3	This place is a convenient little shop where previous bagel places used to be. We came for a sweet treat and see the hype. There were no macaroons left so we were quite sad as wanted a few for the movies.... LolWe got the chocolate croissant, good as light and flaky but could have had a little more gooey inside with a tad bit more chocolate. Then we got the banana cream pie, not much of a cream pie person but this had actual slices of banana in it and was fabulous. They had Cronuts and malasadas but we aren't a donut family. The red velvet bagels looked interesting too but not where we would go for a bagel.Not five stars as so crowded if wanted lunch would have had to call ahead, the guy in front of us at the register had called in an order and waited in store for an hour and they lost his order! He had paid and all! Not cool! They need to be a little more organized. Only one person out front helping and looking at the pastries others in line kept bumping into us as not much space. Will have to go back and try the food but would pick a much less popular time than a Saturday morning.
3	Disappointed!  Been here many times since it opened but after today I'm hesitant to continue.  Don't get me wrong, food is always good and baked goods are great, but still overpriced for off the strip!  Wanted to pick up something for breakfast after early morning shopping and didn't want fast food.  Decided to stop by and get the breakfast burrito which I've had many times.  Every time I go I always get frustrated with the time it takes for an order, but usually overlook it cause its good.  But, this time I'm completely frustrated that I spent $12.00 for a burrito and small coffee and it didn't even come the way it was supposed to!!  Only had egg and sausage on it, no salsa, no potatoes, and it used to come with a creamy cheese and veggies too!  Completely dry and not worth the wait and the amount!  I'm tired of given it a try every once in a while, and now learning that the former owner/chef is no longer there it might be the last!  Maybe if you want a cup of coffee and a pastry still go, but the prices are strip amounts and need to accommodate for the locals!!
5	First time here - we had the vanilla custard cronut and the breakfast pizza. Both were amazing :)
1	Super bummed to have to leave them a bad review but this has to be my worst experience with a breakfast place I've ever had.  First off this was my third time here... the first two times I was very impressed.   But this morning went way wrong.  I live about 20 minutes away and came here after a  50 mile morning bike ride hoping for a waffle sandwich for recovery.  WRONG.  They were out of eggs.  A breakfast restaurant out of eggs.   I was amazed... thats like a burger place out of meat.  I decided on the waffles and strawberries as an alternative.   When my waffles came out they had no strawberries.    I asked the server politely about them... he said he would grab them.  I sat there for 10 minutes as my waffles got cold waiting for them before seeing him come back out and avoid eye contact.   I guess they were out of strawberries aswell.  This will definitely be my last time here and I will not refer this place to anyone anymore.  Worst service Ive ever had.  Stoked I got to pay 10 bucks for what became cold waffles before I ate them (waiting for the strawberries they were getting me)  I guess true to their name you can come here for Bread and Butter but don't expect to much else.
2	I just don't get all the rave reviews, unfortunately there is no real good breakfast on this side of town. Go to Hash House if you want a real breakfast.  My wife and I ate here, hoping for the best, received salty as heck greasy chicken fried steak. They haven't got a clue how to prepare this American staple... Go to Omelette House  if you want bigger bang for your dollar and tastier food.
4	I like it have been many times.  It offers high quality food made by experienced cooks/bakers. Slight bummer very little available if avoiding dairy. Nothing available if doing gluten free.
2	I have eaten here many times.. Always wanting to give it one more chance.. never again. The items are dried out, just lack taste.. Today the Nevada health department said they were 3 demerits away from being closed, this was due to food being spoiled, dirty kitchen, employees NOT washing their hands properly.. and more.. I was so hoping this place would be better each time I visited.. but each time it just gets worse.. Not sure what is happening.. When they first opened they were amazing.. when the health department stops by unexpected and you are 3 demerits away from failing.. 48 out of 50... sad,,
5	I now have been here twice. Thanks to my fellow Yelper Linda S. :) The items are sooooo good. The staff has been very nice to us and helpful. My husband is in love with the Cronuts!!! I like them but, the second time I tried the Cinnamon Roll and WOW that is my favorite. I have had the breakfast sandwich with Bacon in which they put an awesome salad on the side with a great vinaigrette dressing! My husband has had the Breakfast burrito with the salad as well and was impressed. We are so coming back so much more to try! They are open 7am to 3pm. They are a little pricey but, so worth the flavors!!
4	I had waffle sandwich, wife had a breakfast sandwich, the girls had pretzel ham and cheese and an American turkey sandwich. Good stuff!
1	so excited to try the cronuts. I drove all the way to get here but definitely not worth the effort. Cronuts were so hard and the chocolate filling is the worst chocolate filling i have ever tasted. I also ordered a caramel latte and oh my God! I never thought someone can screw up a latte like that! Never will I go back to this place.
4	Very good - hardworking owners & staff. Donuts are well done, dishes are good, much thought and care for customers
3	Read a lot of positive reviews, so we decided to give it a shot on the morning of my birthday. We ordered several things like the happy, fat kids we are. The waffle sandwich, breakfast burrito, half croissant with fruit and crumbles on top, and a cronut.Lets start with the good. The croissant was very tasty. The servers were friendly and the atmosphere was quaint and inviting. They were nice enough to bring out a honey bun with a candle in it for my birthday. If I could give them 3.5 stars I would.Now the not so good. We had to clean off our own table because it was covered in crumbs. We had never had a cronut (croissant/donut) before, so why not. Nothing special. Honestly, I would prefer a regular donut over a cronut any day of the week. The breakfast burrito was bland, not much flavor at all. Expected big things from the waffle sandwich. "A" for presentation, but "C" for taste. Just like the burrito, extremely bland. Add some spices and it has a ton of potential.Debating on whether or not to return. Saw a breakfast pizza come out to the table next to us, which looked interesting. We shall see...
5	Started off with the vanilla Cronut, it was delectable. The vanilla custard filling was my favorite part. We ordered the breakfast pizza with Bacon and the waffle sandwich. IMO the bechamel on the sandwich was a little too thin. I would definitely order the breakfast pizza again but look forward to trying the muffuletta and the brisket patty melt. We took the PB&J brioche to go along with the cream cheese Danish, and cookies. Great customer service. Bunny took the time to go over the menu items with us.
5	We went back a second time and we are still happy. I tried the big cinnamon roll and WOW!! LOVE IT.. I could only eat half and ate the other half later. My husband stuck with the Cronuts and says they are so worth the SUGAR Rush!!! The staff is very nice and helpful and they mentioned they soon will be doing orders for CAKES for any occasion. We will be back.
3	Bread & Bummer. High hopes were met with mediocre food and rude staff that obviously was not happy about working on Labor Day. Started off with a cheese danish which was amazing and accounts for all three stars. Wanted to try the maroons which were all out as the case was empty. Guessing whoever bakes was off for the holiday. Waffle sandwich took 30 minutes and came after the food for someone else at the table who ordered 10 minutes after us. Female staff member was consistently rude. We asked if we grab our own silverware or if it came out with the food and she said she would bring it. She then forgot to bring it and had an attitude when we asked for it. Gravy on waffles could have been better. Ice tea was from a machine and was out of the tea component, male staff member went to replace but they didn't have a backup. Watched same female staff member get off her shift, quickly pull off her apron and head directly into bar next door. A great reminder of how much great staff or lack thereof defines a business.
5	Always the very best, the food is taste, prepared as requested and a very staff. One of my favorites is the American Turkey sandwich, just the best,
4	I too went to eat my first Cronut.  All they had left was coconut creme filling and guava filling, so I bought them up.  One of the cooks rang me up, and was very knowledgeable and pleasant as we spoke about the finer points of Cronut science.So I guess it would make more sense to grade the components separately...Cronut -- A: This was my cheat day, so what feels to be a 3000 calorie bomb tastes every bit as good as a 3000 bomb should.  Heavy, dense, and delicious.  Crunchy on the outside and chewy inside.  The texture and for the most part flavor was like nothing I had experienced before.  The two days it takes to make them is worth it, nice job guys.Filling -- D-: Real problems here.  First off, the flavor is nice, but very subtle.  I could only taste the coconut and guava when I had it on its own, and it was faint.  You just cannot put something with subtle hints of flavor on a full-flavor bomb like a Cronut.  You'll never taste it.  Second, the texture.  Both fillings had a runny, snotty texture that made an absolute mess all over the place.  Whether you eat it like a Big Mac, or you take it apart piece by piece and eat it that way, you can't escape it going all over the place.  Since it doesn't really taste like much anyway, I took a knife, scraped it off, and STILL managed to get it all over the plate and my fingers.  Magic stuff I tell ya.  For something so delicious, the experience as a whole really suffers because of this.  Such an easy fix, I hope they can figure it out.I'd definitely be willing to go back in a few months on another cheat day to try a different flavor and see if that makes a difference.
5	I went in expecting good food after reading yelp reviews, and they sure did exceed my expectations. I ordered a sausage breakfast burrito and a coffee, and it was really the BEST breakfast burrito I ever had! The coffee they serve is also amazing, along with the simple but healthy side salad my meal came with. Service was wonderful! I was greeted and taken care of by a very friendly young lady and left completely satisfied. The restaurant itself is not flamboyantly decorated, but it provides a warm home-like atmosphere. I will be coming back!
2	I was quite disappointed in my last encounter with Bread and Butter.  My friend and I came here about 2 weeks ago for lunch.  Now their menu hasn't changed much, but the quality in the products used to make their dish has changed!  Or so I could taste.  Now I always get my favorite dish, loxs and bagel!  Now what can go wrong with this?  A decreased portion, a bagel that was not toasted, and a different quality of loxs being served.  I usually don't complain much about my food (haha...or do I?) but the dish I got this time was not the same as I use to have before, especially the salmon!  At the time, it wasn't that busy too, so I don't know what went wrong with this dine in experience. I was a bit disappointed to see a place where I use to enjoy dining at have a change in the quality of its food.  Another thing to add was that the silverware in the tin cans are not the most sanitary!  The first fork I pulled out had some dried food stuck to it, so I went to the waitress for a new pair.  She handed me one and to my surprise, this also had food stuck to it too!  Second time was a charm!  Clean forks...or I hoped they were.  (Seeing this kind of decreased my appetite a bit...just saying).  Service was great!  Everyone was nice and attentive, just quality of the restaurant has gone down....I don't know if I will return, we will see.
1	This place WAS absolutely AMAZING!!! You walked in and the atmosphere was always friendly and extremely welcoming... With that being said I walked in today and it was the worst restaurant experience ive ever had. First off, walking in the place is disgusting... Everything from the dirty tables and floors to a dirty kitchen. Next was the girl taking our order. While taking our order she told the so called manager "These girls are waiting for a latte, I already put the espresso in the cup and made the milk all u need to do is reheat the milk."  I'm not quite sure how long it had been sitting there, but definitely way before we had even walked in and waited in line. The "experience" didnt stop there!! Our friends with a separate order had received their food and we continued to wait...and wait...and wait..... Finally I walked up and our food had been sitting there for who knows how long. It was cold and they apologized sort of, but did not  offer a fresh hot one and really paying $13 for a breakfast sandwich to "sit" doesn't seem acceptable to me. My boyfriend's pizza was good, but my breakfast sandwich had eggs that seemed like they had been sitting for who knows how long and my cheese wasn't even melted which leads me to believe it wasn't hot to begin with, but at least the heat lights that my sandwich had been sitting under heated it up. I'm a hairdresser located just around the corner and I always sent my clients there and now not only will my family and I not be visiting, but I will never refer another person. I'm really sorry to see this business going under and I have heard that the place was sold to new owners... Well good luck to the new owners, they're going to need it!!
1	I was disappointed with the food and service. The waffle breakfast sandwich was overpriced for what it is. 10.95 is too much for a small sandwich where the waffles seem like it come out of a box from the frozen food aisle with no sides. It was also very bland! We also ordered the breakfast pizza that was topped with scrambled eggs, cheese and tomatoes. We where asked if we wanted sausage or bacon and were charged extra. If they are asking you if you want bacon or sausage you would think that it was included. they should ask would you like to add bacon or sausage
1	I've been hear three times. The first time was awesome, second time good, and third time terrible. The quality has really went down. My husband ordered a breakfast sausage sandwich. The sausage tasted like italian that you put on pizza. What the hell? Nasty! I had the waffle sandwich, very runny gravy. On top of that, we had to wait 30 minutes for our food, and we were only the second table there. Had a cronut to go, hard as a rock. Couldn't even nuke it to bring it back to life. Needless to say, If I wanna spend $30 for 2 people for breakfast, it won't be there where I had to throw half the food away. Beware, don't waste your money on lackluster food. I definitely know I will never return!
3	We like this place.  I had the waffles the first time. They were pretty good. My order came out to the table about 15 minutes before my wife's order. The waitress really didn't notice. However, the owner, Chris (at the time) DID notice and came over, apologized and gave us a free apple tart for the trouble. That was nice. We will probably go back. We live close but it's always SO packed.
4	August 2013 & my other many visits - Love!!!!! Bread & Butter!I love the fact that my breakfast is served w a side salad... makes me feel less guilty about my eggs w goat cheese =)I have become a farm to table type of chica... this place definitely lives up to that!You feel as if you are eating healthy here, even if you happen to nosh on some of the goodies!Put Bread & Butter on the top of your list to visit in Henderson! They will not disappoint! Cheers!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	We've been here once a month, since the establishment of the quaint breakfast / pastry locale.  The food is always good, simple with nice accents. But, today for some unknown reason the service was very good. I'm a huge supporter with small businesses in your neighborhood. And, I know this one will succeed. Everything is great on the menu!
5	A review can't do this place justice. The pictures? Maybe. The experience? That's what will get you. Found this gem on Yelp after searching for a brunch place on my side of town and man, this place does not disappoint. First things first, the macaroons. If you're a fellow macaroon lover like myself, then heaven on earth is right in this building. They're not hard with a tiny portion of filling in the middle. Instead, they're about the size of my palm with a handful (see what I did there?) portion of filling with a type of cream fluff. If you've ever had one at Bouchon (inside The Venetian), then you would know exactly what I'm talking about. HEAVEN ON EARTH I TELL YOU.Next, the waffle sandwich. This is the Mac Daddy of all breakfast sandwiches. So massive, you can't even eat it with your hands. A fork and a knife will help you finish without having that gooey goodness of rosemary sage dressing getting all over your hands, unless you would want it to. A perfectly balanced layer of hams, eggs and cheese then completes this work of art. I highly advise you to share, so your stomach can save room for the other goodies.Kale Salad. This place will help you start eating healthy as if it's the coolest thing to do. I felt trendy ordering this salad before the whole kale boom started and was surprised with what my taste buds thought. Light, yet filling, this plate full of chopped kale, sliced strawberries, mandarin oranges, alfalfa sprouts with sunflower seed dressing wasn't as bad as it sounds. Add some chicken onto it for some extra protein. Sourdough Waffles. My boyfriend obsesses over sourdough bread and this form of waffles will be the only form he'll eat. It's crispy but soft in the right places with a side of maple syrup, jelly and butter ready for some dunking action. (If cut into sticks)Lastly, the Veggie Burrito. I'm not a vegetarian in any way but I will keep ordering this as if I am. Filled with scrambled eggs inside (a little weird), potatoes, squash and goat cheese, this thing will help fuel your day without feeling a little guilt. Also comes with a side salad to help you feeling balanced until dinner. A must try. All of them are.Bread and Butter will always be the first place I'll tell my friends to visit if they asked me where to grab a good brunch. A little packed in the morning but what good place isn't? There's extra seating outside for them rare Vegas days when it's nice out but if worse comes to worst, this place will help you sacrifice eating in your car to enjoy it fresh. Bookmark this place now and be sure to visit soon. And you're welcome in advance.
5	Still amazing food and service. A must stop when visiting Vegas. The pastry selection is worth the calories. My husband had the breakfast sandwich which was the best he has ever eaten. Everything is fresh and made with quality products. I would rather eat here than any place on the strip. The prices are also pocket friendly. Do not miss the opportunity to visit this local gem.
3	Hello I am not a bitter, ranting Yelper.Bread & Butter was a local gem, now it is not.Do you appreciate going into a bakery which does not post it's prices, like it did when Chris Herrin owned it?  I mean, do you want to ask the counter person how much a Red Velvet Whoopie Pie is, only to find out the quality has diminished but the prices have gone up?  We LOVED LOVED LOVED Chris' Bread & Butter because of the localness, because of the TLC, the dedication to building community.Sorry, the physical aspects or the business remain, but the spirit left with Chris.I do not agree that the salty, EggWorks across the street, coupons and all is any substitute, but Chris Herrin, please POP UP somewhere else.  maybe Fat Choy????
3	The baked goods are soooo yummy. Especially the cronuts. The breakfast foods are alright. Having a limited breakfast menu is fine...but own it. Perfect it. Nail it. I wanted the breakfast pizza but was told it would be a 30 minute wait. What?! They weren't THAT busy. So I opted for something simple, a waffle, and hubby ordered a breakfast burrito. Undercooked sausage and slimy eggs are not impressive. Especially when it took 15-20 minutes to prepare. My husband's breakfast burrito (he really didn't like it) came out several minutes before my waffle did, which ended up being quite delicious. Worth the wait? I don't think so. We've been in here a handful of times and each time the staff, while kind and pleasant, seem frazzled and disorganized. My thought is always, "where's the leadership?!" It seems to be run by teenagers.  It is my opinion that the goods are there...just needs clear leadership and organization and all would be fine. Not sure we will be back. Each of our visits have been too frustrating.
3	The past few visits here hasn't been up to par.  Ordered the waffle sandwich and the gravy was too thick.. the pastries have that 'pastries that didnt sell day before'  look about them. The place that is usually busy and packed have been virtually a ghost town  both mornings and afternoon. It's really sad.They have the best tasting Kale salad but lately they don't have this or that and they're making substitution for one thing or another.  Im fine with it. Popped in today for my salad guess what they're out of Kale!  Seriously? They really need to keep better track of their inventory.
3	There's a lot to love about Bread and Butter but I can see why some are saying they fall short. It's a cool little spot that offers some pretty unique items. The service wasn't terrible but they are slow. After about 15 minutes of waiting, a lady, I'm assuming a manager came out and asked if we'd been waiting long. That was nice but it wasn't very busy and it still took about 25 minutes to get our food. My biggest problem is with their descriptions of what they offer...or lack thereof. I ordered the waffle sandwich with chicken and had I not been on Yelp, I would have never known it was smothered in gravy. My wife ordered a ham and cheese that had some type of horseradish sauce on it. Neither of those things were mentioned because there's no description for any of the food on the TV menus. Not only that, but nothing in the pastry counter is labeled either. The pastry display was also pretty bare with not much to choose from and this was just before noon.The food itself was good but nothing that amazed us. They have a decent waffle and I really liked the rosemary gravy. I wasn't a fan of the chicken on my sandwich though. I'm not sure why they use shredded chicken as it lacked flavor completely and did nothing for the dish. I'd opt for the ham if we ever went back. My wife's sandwich was good but pretty skimpy on the ham for a $10 sandwich. We also ordered a red velvet whoopie pie that was delicious and we devoured it but way overpriced at $6! If you're in the area, it might be worth the stop for a treat. But the food wasn't anything out of this world, especially when you consider the price and their service is slow. I'd like to try one of the cronuts that seem so popular but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
4	Fantastic breakfast & pastry place.  We're from out of town, found this place on yelp and drove 7.1 miles.  Well worth it!!
5	Have been here twice for lunch, after taking the kids to Run Plus Fun across the street. I ordered the kale salad both times, my husband had the ham & cheese on pretzel bread. I inhaled that salad! The chopped apricots really make the dish. My daughter wanted their yogurt - which a was ENORMOUS. She loved all the toppings that came along side. Her favorite was the granola, and the chopped apricots. Food was fresh, and service was quick and attentive. I would like to come back again and try their breakfasts. From all the other favorable reviews, I feel like I've been missing out!
3	Food is very good and very creative. Everything is fresh, however, it takes forever to get your food.  If you have a lot of extra time and money this is a good spot.
2	Over the last year and a half, quality has just steadily decreased both in food and service.Baked goods? They may be amazing or they may be awful. Yes, they have cronuts but maybe they'll simply be dense, donuts with frosting on top and not actually cronuts.Maybe the sandwich will be good, but now it isn't.I don't even want to come here anymore, and that's unfortunate. Bread and Butter used to be at the top of the list for bakeries, and now I'd much prefer to just go to Panera. At least Panera is consistent, even if it isn't spectacular.If you're going to sacrifice quality, hiring underskilled staff, at least lower the prices. Maybe Chris, the original owner and chef, will make a return and set things right but I'm not hopeful.
5	Definitely enjoyed our first visit. Everything was fresh and made to order, staff was friendly and atmosphere was clean and relaxed. We'll be back for sure
4	Finally tried this place out due to the high remarks on Yelp. I was very pleasantly surprised with this place. The prices are great and they kept the menu very simple. It feels like sitting down in your very own home to enjoy a good wholesome breakfast. Very welcoming and simple. The way a breakfast and brunch place should be.I ordered the Steel cut oats and Belgian waffles. Both were excellent. I'm happy this place is nearby and will be a regular here!
5	As soon as you walk up towards the entrance you see they have an outside eating area ... That's a super plus to start out with.  As you walk in- you see all the baked goods and smell all the delicious foods getting cooked.  My eyes just lead me straight to the pastries and locked in at the honey bunns... And the cronut...and the hostess cupcake lol.  Okay okay but then I had to be realistic and just got the cronut -since I've heard so much about it.. HahaAlright so now to the tv screen menus ... Out of the small selection of great food- I ended ordering the grilled cheese eggplant and my partner in crime ordered the breakfast burrito.  (That way we can split half and try two items oh yea!!)  And lastly for drinks, I figured a hot jasmine green tea to flush down the cheese and sweets.  I'll admit the eggplant sandwich was more delicious than the BB.  The hot sandwich had a great combo of pesto, goat cheese, zucchini and slices of eggplants. The BB was missing like a tomato sauce or creamy sour cream.  The ketchup we added just wasn't doing it either.  The cronut (with filling) was amazing!!!!  My first cronut was awesome especially with my hot tea :PDefinitely will come back for some more pastries and a healthy snack ;)
3	Lets be clear: Prices have seemingly gone up and service isn't what it used to be. Just looking at the higher reviews on this page and you find the period in which their 4/5 stars begin to taper off. Just sayin'.Could've sworn I'd reviewed this place in the past.. If I did it would've received a 5 star rating easily. I suppose really didn't feel the need to at the time, considering it held and deserved it's high 4/5 marks on Yelp as a great breakfast spot pretty deep in Anthem for a while.. up until now. It's not that they serve terrible food. I'm sure they still have pretty decent breakfast/brunch/lunch options.. I'd just say chalk this place up as a place that many Yelpers used to frequent but haven't updated their review recently. In anycase, I've only been here once since the original owner, Chris left Vegas and his meat and three spot closed down a few stores over. I really loved the place prior to him leaving I'm not sure I feel the same way about the place after his departure. Being in the culinary industry myself along with his ties to the bay area, I was able to share some great conversations with him about food politics, life and some great concepts and ideas. He would even help fellow budding restauranteurs/entrepreneurs by providing a place for food trucks to set-up shop in front of the restaurant, as well as food truck battles to take place and even a pop up restaurant... within his own business! To find out such a forward thinking, visionary -- especilally in this town is gone is a bit disheartening and upon my last visit B&B sadly seems like a ghost of it's former/original owner.
4	I should have come here sooner. Everyone raves, and I just nod and smile. I'll get straight to it. They make things from scratch with some great in-house expertise on producing high-quality baked goods. This is their forte and it will win you over.Pastries:- The beignets are not exactly authentic. They're larger than you expect, and weigh more than you expect. They're delicious, though. Fluffy and filled with strawberry, something I forgot, and custard. All are fantastic choices.- The strawberry croissant. My favorite. As my girlfriend says to compliment something - "not too sweet." Seriously, this allows the flavors to really come through. Fresh strawberry on a crispy and chewy croissant. Delicious.- Cronuts. This is a craze right now that kind of is not that big of a deal. Like any craze, really. But, even with that in mind they're tasty. Would I pick them over the other two? Nope. But if you haven't had them, they're worth saying you did. Crispy doughnut shaped croissants with choice of filling. Can't go wrong.As for food:- The only item I tried was the breakfast pizza. Again, expertise in baking breads comes into play. The crust is freshly made to order, and topped with tons of cheese and eggs. Share it, because it's massive for just some breakfast. ingredients are quality, and it is delicious.- I did not get to have the waffle sandwiches but I was jealous watching one get eaten. Next time an update will come.Prices are a bit on the higher side but you are paying for some gourmet chef quality items. Once in a while it is worth the indulgence. And pro-tip, pastries may be thrown into your purchase close to closing times.
4	Great little bakery with delicious sandwiches. I've been there twice for breakfast and really enjoyed it, and although $9 is a little high for a simple sandwich it is high quality, fresh, and a decent portion. I do have to say the coffee needs a little help though, but that's the only product improvement I'd recommend. Very friendly staff and nice dining area. Would definitely recommend.
3	We stopped by Bread and Butter on a Monday afternoon around closing time to grab a sweet treat during our visit to Henderson. The chocolate croissant ($2.75) was nice and flaky with a light amount of bittersweet chocolate filling. Perfect for an afternoon snack! The friendly cashier, Hannah T, helped us with our order and had us on our way in no time at all!
1	This is my update to my original review. I'm so sad to write this, but it was a terrible experience there today. The food and service are bad!!! I loved this place and could not wait to eat lunch there today. First disappointment: Was no Muffalata sandwich. So I ordered the Grilled Eggplant sandwich and my husband got the grilled cheese brisket sandwich along with two sodas. Second disappointment : I filled our soda cups with Diet Coke and sat down. Upon first sip the soda is clearly flat. I tasted my husband's too just to make sure and sure enough, flat. I went back up to the front register and told her they were flat and if I could just get a coffee and a water instead. I figured she'd at least refund me the price of one soda, but she said she couldn't do that because she wasn't the manager. Whatever I wasn't going to make a big deal over $2. Third disappointment :THE FOOD! My sandwich was soggy and flavor less!  Had clumps of luke warm cream cheese. A huge turn off! The salad was over dressed and again no flavor. My husband's brisket was so tough I could not bite threw it and It also had no flavor. I could have had a better and cheaper sandwich at Jimmy Johns!Fourth disappointment: I'm all for family business and clearly the ownership of this place has changed hands, but please if you are going to bring your small child to work with you at the restaurant you might not want to let him sit at the tables and stare at your customers while they are eating. It really annoyed me to be watched the whole time. Not a fun relaxing atmosphere I hand once experienced.So sad to say I will not be back!! So sad they were so yummy once! Bye, Bye Bread & Butter!!!
4	We went here specifically to try a cronut and  were pleasantly surprised with this little place.  The breakfast pizza is good and is large enough to feed 3 or 4 people.  The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the staff - despite being friendly, they were very slow!  It took 10 minutes to make a latte, the cook burned our first pizza so had to make another which took quite awhile and every working there seemed like they were still asleep.  The food was very good, so I will definitely try it again.
5	This place closed this past weekend. Sorry to see it go.
5	I was not surprised to see that they have Closed. The service and quality has been going down hill since changing hands. I hope Chris finds a new home for his talent. If anyone knows...please let me know!!R.I.P.  Bread & Butter
5	The ambiance was great in this place. You almost feel like you are in a French Cafe when you're inside. Their Egg Waffle Sandwich is one of their best sellers and was deceiving at first because it seems like a sweet dish because of the light gravy it's covered in but it's quite savory.  The breakfast burrito was ok. The size was great but lacked flavor. The pastries however were out of this world and comparable to what you would get in those fancy restaurants at the strip. We tried the Cream Cheese Danish and the Strawberry Croissant and they were sinfully good. The proprietor, finding out it was our first time, gave us a complimentary jam filled donut to try as they make their own jellies and jams.  We had no room left in our bellies to try it though so we had to brown bag it. I was going to rate it 4 stars because of the price $31 for 2 breakfast dishes, 2 pastries and a large mocha coffee but its because I'm a bit of a cheapskate. My husband made a good point though that it's a private business, the service was impeccable and the food was great so 5 stars it is. Go see Stephanie when you go and I'm sure she'll take care of you.
5	Amazing service amazing food. Everything is fresh. They get the herbs for their teas from a local grower. It doesn't get any better.
