1	I went in expecting Redendo's and it wasn't until I sat down that I noticed the new name. I ordered the personal pizza for lunch and it was blah. Very mediocre and too expensive for that mediocrity. If the hot girl from Redendo's still works there, I'd mark it up to 2 stars.
4	This place is new to the area so my husband and I went in for drinks. We live in the neighborhood and I think this is just what our neighborhood needs. I found the staff to be very open and kind. I think they are aware that our neighborhood is in need of a local watering hole. We only had drinks and appetizers so I can't say much about the food. I wouldn't hesitate to give this place a shot.
5	Good local spot. Friendly staff, great service and food!
4	Great food and good people.  If your a local be sure to ask for a Bogeys card and get happy hour all the time.
4	Good little neighborhood joint.  The food is good, the pours are reasonable, and the bar top is one awesome hunk of wood.  The decor is that of a golf nut, as the owner a Scots expat.  They've got a loyalty card of sorts and offer specials regularly.
5	I love this bar!!! It is very convenient for us! We are able to just ride our beach  cruisers over and enjoy some great food with super fun company(bartenders). We had the "balls" , cheese crisp and the pretzel w beer cheese!!! They were all so yummy and flavorful! The drinks we sipped on were the strawberry lemonade and margaritas!!! The lemonade was made with moonshine -midnight moon which is super strong but mixed properly and it's delish! Overall this is a great bar to come for watching sports, hanging with some friends and enjoying great service!!!
5	A very friendly neighborhood place. The food is good and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
4	What a nice hidden gem... My friend introduced us to this place. The atmosphere on Saturday was very chill and that's what I love. We ordered beers( including the bogey brew very delish) some munchies...wings, artichoke dip, chips & queso, caprese bites and carnitas taco- all great( the wings were a little over done but they were good) and we also ordered entrees! I had the patty melt and that was one of the best I've had in along time! Bread crunchy off the grill, grilled onions (next time I'll order extra) and a house thousand island with some garlic fries YUUUM is all I can say! Our server Dillion who might have also been the owner was very accommodating and down to earth someone you'd like to go support! Great local place!
5	I'd been putting off going to Bogeys for awhile.  As we all know, it had some turnover.  It had been Redondo's and then NY 51 or something.  So when it switched again I didn't think much of it.  It had been off my radar for awhile anyways and despite the fact that it was around the corner from my home, I didn't much care that another "Pizza place" was resurrecting the previous places mediocre food.Finally I gave it shot.  And I am so glad that I did.  The service is great and you will feel like you're at Cheers if that's what you want.  If not, thats fine too.  There are plenty of places to sit down and watch a game or listen to good music on their huge selection Juke Box.  There are a couple of minor "themes" running through the place.  Naturally Bogeys paints a golf image and they seem to be pushing a little bit of the Irish Pub thing too along with plenty of TV's for sports, but the real draw is the good people there and the wonderful beer and food.I had possibly one of the best burgers in the Valley last night.  The menu is extensive.  The BBQ Pork sandwich was also out of this world and the fries are the best around.  They have garlic, rosemary, waffle and one or two other great alternatives.  And I have been putting off the Killer Steak Sandwich which I have heard from a few is the Shiznit.So if you are looking for a local place with regular people and great food, give Bogeys a shot.  You'll be back, I am sure.  Its sort of hidden behind the Jiffy Lube in the strip mall...so don't go judging a book by its cover.  The beer selection and food blows away all the other local bars in the hood.
3	I've driven by this place and decided to come check it out. Went in at about 330 and we were told that they were closing at 4 for a private event... ok... we can at least get a drink or two.  Atmosphere was good, drinks were strong but at about 345 we were being asked to move so they could put a stage in. We were told the party starts at 7, how bout you guys let us enjoy the 15 min we have til you close? I'm sure putting the stage in can wait, you've got 3 hours. Make your guests feel welcome that are in the bar, not the ones that'll be there in 4 hours.
5	People are always friendly here, and the food/drinks are good. What more do you need in a neighborhood restaurant?
5	Love this place.  Very friendly.   From the owner to its staff of bartenders, they make it a point to greet everyone coming in the door.  They also make it a point to remember your name.  Great prices on drinks and very good food.   Give it a try.
1	Looking for a little neighborhood bar, we checked this place out a couple times. Friendly staff, nice small crowd of regulars at the bar. Food was just meh - mostly small, dry, overcooked items (at least on the HH menu). But the last time I was there, I felt a tickle and nearly lost it as I flicked a cockroach off my arm! It scurried across the bar and dropped off behind it. It may have gone into the ice. The bartender looked around, but then just shrugged. No apology, no comp. Like I said, that will be my last time!
5	Great local bar. Great staff. Cheap drinks. What else do you really need in a bar? They make great Moscow Mules.
