5	This review is not really about the store per se. I have never been to this store. I have, however, met the manager Bill at the Ballantyne store during my Note upgrade. He gave me a call & told me to give him a call if he could ever be of any help. Well that day arrived on Saturday (7/19/13). My wife had noticed that she was unable to receive any bars on her cell phone at home. She couldn't make or receive calls or text. I had the same problem. Facebook Messenger was more reliable.She had the misfortune of going to the Pineville Sprint Store where she received a bum rush out the door. I called Bill.Bill actually remembered who I was & took the time to see what the state of the cell towers were in the area of my neighborhood. There are actually 5 towers and most of them were barely functioning. His recommendation was that I get an Airrave. An Airrave is essentially a booster for the cell signal. It can support up to 6 devices. I contacted the Airrave department & had a nice conversation with a representative. The device was free & it should arrive at just about the same time as the towers are fixed.This is a continuing story which I will update...
1	This is the WORST Sprint store in the area.  I was having an issue getting my phone number to switch over and came here to purchase a new phone and service.  The man who stood there and stared as we walked in (notice I didn't say welcomed us), was completely reluctant to help.  I asked him if he could call Sprint corporate, as I'd already spoken to them and had a case number, and he refused.  Every time I tried to find a solution, or asked him to help with something, he completely road blocked me.  I will NEVER return to this place again.  Worst customer service I've experienced in a phone store - and that says A LOT.
5	By far the best Sprint store in Charlotte! Spacious and bright with incredibly fast service. Bill Baker was very personable and did an awesome job for us.
5	After visiting numerous amounts of sprint stores in the Charlotte area, I stummbled along this store..  the assositates were extremely helpful, and assisted me my new phone. The 2 people that can really help you is Bill or Mariah. These two are truly the master minds.  The amazing thing is that I was able to communicate with these individuals via text messages. Great experience,  you should check them out!
