2	Pizza by-the-slice, and it sucks.The pizza crust is spongy and the rest of the pizza just lacks much flavor at all.  They have a "two slices and soda" lunch special which, if I recall correctly, is under $6.  If you just need to fill your gut with something ... why not?It's just rather depressing that there's really no good place to get a decent slice in downtown Phoenix.
3	pizza is good and you can get 2 big slices with the lunch special, friendly, family owned restuarant
4	European soups made from scratch.  Their specials change daily which keeps me coming back.  Their prices are bargin for the fresh food you get.  Variety:  pizza, pasta, salad, sandwiches, soups, and daily specials like wings, cabbage roles, schnitzel etc.   Wish they were open on weekends.
5	Just had some FANTASTIC pizza at Papa Christos. It's PACKED for lunch every day of the week. There's a reason why locals keep coming back. My wife and I had pepperoni and the vegie pizza with spinach, feta and mushrooms. Excellent! Very fresh ingredients. Hot out of the oven. Served fast.Met the owner (Horatio). He's very friendly. From Romania. Family owned.
5	Some of the best pizza in town. Fresh ingredients in both the pizza and the pasta.  I've tried different menu items and you can't go wrong with anything you order. The place is very clean and nicely decorated.  Fast service and friendly staff.
5	Great place, great food, and a beautiful environment.  Friendly family owned place, good prices, lots of great options.  Could eat here every day of the week!
3	Woking just a block away I try to vary my lunch options (when I forget or was too lazy to pack my lunch).  I have been here twice and both times just got the lunch pizza special (2 slices and a soda for $6).  The slices are large, the crust thick the sauce and toppings are (good) average.  On both occasions I took a piece of pizza home for later.  There are more options on the menu and offer more than one special for lunch usually.  Even when super busy during the lunch hour I have found the service to be quick and friendly.
1	Geoff B., I had a similar bad experience.I ordered a chicken sandwich at this restaurant without mayo -- after waiting quite a while (I was one of two people in line), I finally received my sandwich. I checked the sandwich outside, just to be sure it had no mayo...it did. I returned, told the man who took my order (perhaps the owner?) that the sandwich had mayo -- he grabbed it from my hands, and gave it to one of his workers, who then came back with it about two minutes later. I thanked him and left. I again checked the sandwich when I got outside, and saw that the bread had been replaced, but mayo was still all over the chicken. I returned to the restaurant and told the man that it still had mayo, the man yelled at me and slammed the sandwich on the counter, insisting the sandwich did not have mayo. I showed him that mayo was still all over the chicken and asked for my money back -- a nicer man from the back of the restaurant thankfully came out and apologized and returned my money. Perhaps it's time for the younger gentleman to take over management of this restaurant.
5	Great family business.  I've been coming for lunch for a year now.  They have fresh soups and specials that change daily...the variety and price keeps me coming back!
3	I was sort of disappointed with Papa Christo's because the signs around downtown directing you to their place state they have Chicago- style pizza. There's nothing Chicago-y about it. And the sausage is awful...those little balls that taste exactly like the type of sausage you get on a frozen pizza from a grocery store...exactly.The plain cheese is much better. The cheese has a slight tartness to it that makes it pretty tasty, like a mild kasseri. But even though the puffy crust is beautiful to look at it doesn't have any taste, very bland.Papa Christo's serves Vienna Beef brand hotdogs so of course those are delicious. You can't go wrong with that brand.I got the lunch special which is $5.50 (with tax it comes to $6 even). You get two slices of pizza and a fountain drink. The two guys who work behind the counter are very friendly and helpful and keep everything running smoothly even when it's busy. And it does get busy. Every table inside the place was packed when I was there and even though there are tables outside, I got the last one. The outside tables aren't exclusively Papa Christo's though, they're part of  Renaissance Square so people who work in the surrounding buildings relax there with their sack lunches. I'd say don't expect seating if you get there at lunchtime, especially 12 to 1. You can sit on the little two foot wall that surrounds the mini-park a few hundred yards away but it seems to attract characters. There were two homeless people really getting busy in there... it makes you think about the phrase "get a room", I guess they have nowhere else to go. Papa Christo's opens at 7am for breakfast but closes at 3 in the afternoon  and are only open Monday through Friday.
4	First things first - the pizza LOOKS better than it tastes.  As you're standing in line either waiting for your pick up or ordering on the spot...you're forced to look at that beautiful pizza.  The cheese looks gooey, the toppings fresh, and the crust crusty.  It looked so good to me that I ended up ordering a slice even though I had already called something else in.  I got ham and pepperoni.  It was honestly irresistible looking in its tray.  But when I got it back to the office I was like, "Oh."I could see that it wasn't as thick as I first thought, and a bit more grease than expected too.  The crust had the consistency that I like - crusty and, well...crusty.  But its taste was less than stellar, just kinda bland and greasy.  So now I know all that glitters isn't gold.Now on to what I actually ordered - the Italian beef.  I never had one like this before - its more like a hoagie than the thing I'm used to getting everywhere else.  The meat was thicker and chunkier (that's what she said), whole slices of green peppers, and really no juice.  Don't get me wrong, though...it tasted great.  Everything was fresh and the meat ended up being very tender and juicy.  I even liked the bread it was on.  But its not my beloved italian beef sandwich I'm used to.I went again the next day.This time I ordered the gyro, with the idea that if they get the gyro wrong I can take them off of my wall of menus.It was a traditional gyro with cucumber sauce, onions, tomato and a soft pita...but it was only ordinary.  Again, it tasted fine and good, but it wasn't one of the best I've had.And like the day before, I got messed up while I was in line looking at the food trays.  This time they had baked wing dings!  50 cent a wing was a bit expensive, but those little things were absolutely delicious!  They were seasoned so well.  And not greasy at all.  So good!Two things about this place that will make me come back more than the food - the service and the prices.The lady that works the cashier has such a warm smile and manner, like an old Italian mama.  And what I assume is the boss/owner was also very friendly and bubbly.  The prices are some of the best in this downtown area that I've found so far.  I mean, under $5 for an Italian beef or a gyro???  When I got the pizza slice and the IB, I only paid like $8.50 or so.  ONE salad costs that much at some places.  There is not a whole lotta room inside and seems to fill up quick, but there is seating outside too. So to sum it up, If you didn't bring a lunch to work and have about $5, you can go here and have a tasty lunch.  A neat place.
3	We discovered the breakfast special during our morning stroll to our usual spot and decided to check it out. The special included 2 eggs, toast, country potatoes and a small coffee for $2.75. The breakfast was very home-style, reminded me of breakfast your mom would make while on a camping trip. We sat, caught up on the latest corporate buzz and watched a little Good Morning America on the flat screen television. Kelly Clarkson was about to perform her new smash single "Stronger". It's a nice catchy tune.  I've never been a fan but this song makes me like her just a little more. Aside from the breakfast special, they serve additional items like egg sandwiches, breakfast burritos, pizza, Philly cheese steak and other random food items.
4	Nice ma and pa pizza joint, great pizza special.
5	For $6 after tax I got a medium drink and 2 huge slices of fresh pizza and this has to be one of the best slices of cheese pizza I've ever eaten! You can taste the herbs, the crust is perfect and it's an AWESOME value!!! Will definitely be going back!
3	I too got the 2 slice and a drink deal.  I had the pineapple and ham pizza slices.  The sauce had a nice tang to it and I got ham and pineapple in every bite.  A good lunch deal.
4	I have been back a couple of times and I find the food delicious and very affordable. I reccomend the spinach feta pizza.  I also reccomend the ham sandwich.  It was toasty and delicious.  I am a fan!
3	Okay this place is a solid joint for a quick downtown lunch that won't cost you much. The pizza looks wonderful from the windows... I suspect they get a lot of customers who are walking by with the beautiful looking pizza. Sadly I can say that while the pizza isn't horrible it's not as good as it looks. It's alright pizza... and sometimes you are alright with alright pizza. They had a lot of other menu choices so when I have a chance I'll check them out. They also have a pretty good deal for a downtown place 2 slices and drink for $6 even which if you know anything about downtown is hard to beat. The staff was friendly as well. So I'll be going back in the future.
4	This is the best bang for your buck pizza in downtown Phoenix.  $6 ($5.45 plus tax I think) gets you stuffed on homemade DECENT pizza and a soda...a great lunch on a budget.It's about 3 blocks from my office so I love to walk down here and grab a quick couple slices and soda.  They usually have 5 or 6 different varieties out - a couple vegetarian options which I've never tried becuase let's be honest, why would I?  My favorite is probably their pepperoni and jalapeno pizza.They do sell out of their pizza so you wanna get there during the rush if that's what you want...I got there at about 1:15 and they were sold out today - he said they sold out at 12:45...that's a little earlier than usual I think, but even if you get there late the pizza just isn't as fresh.I got a turkey/ham sandwich special today.  $6.50 and it came with a soda and a cup of the homemade chicken and dumpling soup.  Great flavor and SO filling!  The sandwich was fantastic (even though absolutely not what I felt like eating) - it had some kind of oil or dressing on it that I couldn't put my finger on, but it was way better than the mustard/mayo I was expecting.I was shocked to see a review on here criticizing the owners...these are by the far the nicest and most polite family owned restaurant I've ever seen.  My friend and I have a game where we like to see how many times they say "Thank you."  Sometimes you might get thanked 10 times!  They really do show that they appreciate your business and choosing their restaurant.As always, I'll be back!
3	When I worked at the Renaissance tower, I'd come here when I was too lazy to walk down the street for something better. Because, honestly, their pizza just isn't that great. Or good, really. But I've had the breakfast muffin twice and both times it was beyond awesome! Just the right amount of grease to let you know it's good. And super cheap!
4	Small little Mom and Pop restaurant, nothing fancy, pasta and salad was so so but the pizza was tasty. Friendly, fast service and good lunch specials.
4	When I used to work in downtown Phoenix I'd come here for lunch if I hadn't brought mine. I'd always get the pasta special which comes with the pasta, soup, bread stick, and a drink. You can get a free refill.A few times I got a breakfast burrito there and they're made to order. They were decent.Its unfortunate that this is the only affordable place to eat anything in downtown Phoenix. Sometimes Sheriff Joe and his security team eat here if you'd like to catch a glimpse of him.On rare occasions the owners are rude. But that's rare so maybe they were having a bad day.
2	I have tried the pizza several times and find it rather bland.  Recently I tried the breakfast sandwich to go, they put two huge eggs on it and a lot of bacon but the container was filled with grease and liquid which made a soggy inedible mess.  The service is always friendly though so I keep giving it another try.
4	I love coming here for breakfast, it's conveniently located and Cipriano is always helpful.I usually get the PC eye opener and it's 2 eggs, potatoes, toast and coffee for only $3 you can't beat that!It's a great place to eat it take out and I've always been satisfied with the freshly make food and friendly customer service by owner.Get your own eye opener!
4	I had the pizza special, which is 2 slices and a medium soda for 6 bucks. Overall, the pizza was pretty good. The crust is not your typical crust, it is thick and doughy. But if you like double dough or double crust, then you will like it. The ingredients were fresh and delicious.
