4	This is one of the newest Costcos in Arizona. Well new location, it was a mile down the road before in a smaller PriceClub days building by the mall.This new location is great, it is a left side entrance setup with a standard floor plan. The item selection was pretty standard with nothing too extravagant or skewed to many demographic. The gas station is nice and far from the warehouse main entry and exit quite easy with out having to deal with pedestrians from the warehouse  traffic. The sample selection on a Sunday seemed light compared to others I had visited that day, maybe it is harder to get staff to work the sample stations this far out. The food court here still offers the superior Hebrew National Hot dogs.
5	Ink refills awesome!
5	Ink refills are great!
4	We love shopping here! Great deals and check out line always moves quickly. Which is nice considering it's always packed.
4	This has to be the busiest Costco I have ever seen! The aisles are nicely labeled. The aisles are efficient to get into, except for when all the snackers are trying to try the freebies ; )I really think they need to hire more people at this location. You could wait for 20 minutes if not more to check out and that is the middle of the week! I cannot imagine the weekends here!
4	What can I say about Costco that haven't been said? Where else can you get a hebrew national hot dog w/ a drink for $1.50? Today, I went and got two hot dogs and a slice of pizza (which were technically two slices b/c of the size) for $5.50. I don't care what anyone says, that is a great deal!I also come here to shop for household items (TP, paper towels, etc), frozen food, and many others. They also have a decent seafood selection. A bag of seafood medley (shrimp, calamari, mussels, clams, etc), stuffed salmon, fresh lobster, you name it. Oh and did I mention their liquor and beer selection? You could literally survive off of Costco. I guess the only downside is that you gotta buy in bulk, so not so convenient for singles.
5	Love the selection of produce, meat, snacks, desserts, medications & electronics. And the churros are, well, better than ___. You fill in the blank.
5	Costco is amazing! I always spend too much money, all the Kirkland brand food is very tasty and I love all the road shows too! Never know what you will find at Costco :)
3	This Costco itself is great! However the guy in the tire center was a total jerk!
5	Always BUSY, but great customer service and speedy checkout!
5	It's every American citizen's right to be able to buy in bulk!!!
5	If I had to pick a store to live in, this would be it.  Ya know...like Tom Hanks living in the airport terminal.  That would be me, in the Costco for a few years continuously.  They have a bed set up for me to sleep on, various couches and chairs to lounge about on, exercise and outdoor equipment to keep me fit, and free food for me to eat served by nice old people.  If I had a complaint it would be that those nice old people don't give me enough-the portion size is way too small.  How am I supposed to survive and maintain a healthy weight on those little "sample size" servings?  Stop being so cheap Costco.
4	Yes they are often referred  to as the $100 club because it is hard to get out of there because of the deals for under a $100. And they have some great deals plus are extremely generous on their return policy - to such a degree that they had to change part of it because people were taking advantage of it in ways that they should not have. You have to be aware of prices like all things because not all things are deals and some will be more in bulk than some other stores. All in all it is well worth the price of the club membership.... and their online store has some great deals in it and they are often fulfilled from the local warehouse so you can get stuff surprisingly fast. If something is DOA or needs to be replaced - heck take it to the local club and they take care of it for you.  I just wish they had a larger selection of tires to order - most of my cars don't have any available.
5	Worth the price of admission.  I can't begin to tell you how much I've saved by purchasing in bulk.  A membership is a no-brainer when you have kiddos.  I even bought a store brand, Kirkland pillow top mattress.  It is the most comfortable bed I have owned.  Don't be afraid of the Kirkland brand, it is high quality.
4	This is a review of the Third Party Cell Phone Kiosk rather than the actual store...so it does NOT reflect the good Costco service I have always received!!  More of an advisement not to use this kiosk....I would CERTAINLY shop at Costco for all of their goods and services!!Stopped  in here two months ago... NEVER had an issue at the store in the four years I shopped here when I lived in the area.  However, this time I paid my first visit to the cell phone counter... WOW!  The kid was so rude and wouldn't listen to me try to tell him, repeatedly, that I ALREADY had a Sprint plan and phone.  My phone was just on the fritz and I needed a new one.  He kept cutting me off and telling me to go some where like Walmart.  Then at one point he said it was almost closing time so if I bought anything he would have to escort me out.  I was very frustrated that he wasn't even willing to help me, he was more focused on getting me to shut up and not purchase anything.  It was extremely frustrating and rude!  When I do need to purchase a new phone, it will not be from this kiosk.  I will continue to shop at Costco as I have never had any other issues or rude customer service and I don't believe one bad/rude apple ruins the bunch.  Sorry Costco, this kids needs to be dropped from your store because he obviously doesn't have a clue about customer service!  I would hate to see an outside Third Party ruin what is otherwise a great store to shop at!!
5	This particular Costco is a huge blessing to me and my husband. Coming from Michigan and having extensive experience at multiple Costos, this one has nailed the efficiency agenda. They are fast, courteous, knowledgable, and organized. And I love that this location is less busy than the other ones in the area--especially the SanTan Valley location a few miles south.Costco is Costco--we all know the pros and cons. But this location especially is worth the visit. Keep up the good work, friends.
4	The tire service is quick and very friendly.  The mechanic was very patient when answering questions.  Recommended!
1	Pharmacy is the WORST!  Waited in line for a flu shot , to be told to get in another line . After 15 minutes in the 2nd line we filled out some paper work and were given a beeper. They said in 15-20 minutes when it goes off go up to the register , pay and get your shot.  Ok, after almost 1 hour at Costco later it goes off, we go up to the pharmacy register with our little buzzer to be told to get back in line of over 20 people, no thanks!
5	Seriously who doesn't love Costco! You can never leave without spending at lease $100, but it's always a fun trip. I am always amazed at the large product section, I have never been disappointed in my fruits/veggie purchases. (I am slightly addicted to the red seedless grapes, YUMMY!) I like the sampling too, it's always nice to know you are going to like a product you are purchasing in large quantities. I really like this location, the staff is very friendly and helpful. It's very rare there isn't tons of folks shopping so be prepared to stand in line when you check-out.
5	Great Costco location.  I do most of my shopping here and find the deals amazing.  Can't beat the warranty on all of their products, either.  Return with receipt, with no questions asked.Kirkland, their signature brand, is great.  Normally that's not the case with supermarket brands, but it works here.  And if you don't like it, just bring it back.I get the executive membership, as I spend enough that it pays me for my membership renewal cost every year.Oh, and they are better than Sam's Club.
4	In our quest to visit every Costco in this great land, our travels too us to this locale - courtesy of my grandparents.Standard Costco with quality items and a great selection. The food court here is quite large and they attempt to corral everyone with floor lanes. Given the average age of those in the store was greater than 70, the lanes were felt to be more of a loose suggestion than anything else. This greater than normal age also led to one of the funnier things we've seen in a long time - passive aggressive/relentless customer when it came to samples. I've never seen so many grandparents hounding sample givers with gems like, "I've been around 3 times, doesn't seem like yogurt should take this long" or "You told me it would be 5 minutes, it's been 3, but you should have more". In the defense of every geriatrician present, the sample folks took their sweet time - largely because many patrons would take a handful of whatever was being served. Either way, you'll always find for than you need or plan to grab, and you'll probably find something that makes life better!
4	It's Costco...what can you say. My $0.02: Don't go on the weekends, especially during the winter when the snowbirds are in town.
3	The food court here is out of service. It looks like they have abandoned construction on the site and it it a pretty ugly eyesore. We need our lousy pizza and cheap yogurt, so the hope is that they get this place back in action. Otherwise, this is a fairly normal Costco out in the middle of nowhere Mesa. It is empty after 7:30pm and if you get to checkout before closing you will have no lines. Mostly families of at least six also in this location and a good dose of midwestern seniors who somehow think shopping in a Costco at age 75 means you are living your out your golden years in grand fashion. BAD NEWS: The food court reopened and it looks like brisket is now on the menu. I also saw people cleaning the benches and umbrellas, so you now have less of a chance to catch anything from the last families seven kids who sat there. And Costco, I don't want you to cut my slice in half either, it is already a slice, so how did this become normal.
1	Costco is usually very good with their customer service but in the past year I have been very disappointed. The location itself is good but the customer services reps at the counter have not been friendly the past few times we have needed to return an item and this past trip they upset us a great deal. I have no issue with their policy's but rather with the employee not knowing the correct information and assuring us the issue will be resolved and then on our next encounter denying that those words were ever said. We will be looking for a better location from now on with friendly and helpful employees!
1	Good store, usually has what we need, however most recent experience was extremely disappointing.My wife, who is pregnant and due in less than 4 weeks requested assistance to load some very heavy items.  Unfortunately, and after waiting 10+ minutes in the hot sun, no one ever came forward to assist.Again.  Above-and-beyond customer service goes a long way, however that did not happen at this Costco.
4	Excellent Service that'd you'd expect from any Costco. The only reason I gave this location 4 stars was because of the location. Clean, good variety, friendly staff. Oh ha and the chewing ice machine is a plus!!! I love chewing ice! This isn't my home location since its further away from me but I like to go here occasionally
