5	Wow!! What a great store! In from out of town, I had a terrible experience at Things Remembered at AZ Mills. In my desperate search to get a plaque engraved, I was lucky to find Tempe Trophy. Not only were they helpful, kind and funny; they engraved my plaque on the spot for a very affordable price. It was back in my hands in less than 5 mins! And they showed me the fun, creative trophies their clients give them free reign to make. Wonderful family owned shop. Even got a hug from mom!Shout out for Tempe Trophy!
5	It couldn't have been an easier deal for me. I was in need of some new plates for an existing trophy. I realize it's not a big ticket item, but you couldn't tell by the way I was treated. So I emailed an EPS file to them ahead of time. When I arrived, they had my email printed out, understood what I wanted, and assured me that it "was all good"Not only were the two ladies in there friendly as you would ever want, but they have a nice selection in the showroom that gave me ideas for future needs. I needed this trophy done in 2 business days and her response was, "oh geez, that's no problem". For some reason I thought that would be a quick turn for a trophy business. Apparently not them! They must have a majority of customers needing stuff within hours or something, because they were pleased to do my job in 48 hrs. And I am pleased to give them my business.
5	I can't say enough!!! Fast, efficient, patient and amazing outcome. We had our groomsmen's gifts done here, a custom camping hatchet engraved with a memento of the day and each guys initials, and we were so happy with the outcome. No one could beat the price, service, and quality of each that Tempe trophy provides. We were so happy we went back after to have trophies for our friends and fantasy football leagues done. Even when we were doing a silly MVP  trophy for a good friend they took us completely to heart and were beyond professional!!
5	Connie and the rest of the staff were amazing! We didn't know exactly what we were looking for, but she walked us through all of our options, and the plaque came out looking fantastic. The price was great, the staff was very knowledgeable, and they really went the extra mile for us. When Connie found out this was a surprise gift, she even made sure to call my cell phone before emailing me any questions or proofs, just in case I wasn't the only one at my computer. I would recommend Tempe Trophy to everyone!
5	It is too bad I can only give 5 stars for Tempe Trophy! I had a single aluminum clipboard on which I wanted a logo and text engraved.  I emailed several Phoenix area trophy shops with my request and Connie got right back to me saying they could do it but she recommended doing sand blasting.Connie quoted a price that blew all other shops out of the water... they weren't even CLOSE.  And, for the quality of the work, it was better than I had hoped.  Paying 10x at another shop could not have created a better end product.  They were quick too- less than a week.I will take all of my engraving needs to Tempe Trophy and recommend you do as well.
