5	The short version: best coffee in MTL.The long: I recently moved here from San Francisco and I've been hunting for a place with coffee as good as philz or ritual or blue bottle. I've tried olimpico and cafe neve both of which are fine but pourquoi pas is the first place that really reminds me of home: great coffee, great staff, no attitude. Its got to be in the running for best coffee in the city.  I'll be back often.
5	The coffee is excellent. The staff are friendly, helpful and eager to discuss their coffee and give brewing advice. They carry and brew Te Aro coffee from Toronto.  One can typically choose between three kinds of coffees for cups consumed on the premises but they sell a larger selection of beans as well. Another point of interest is they serve flat whites.  The focus is on the coffee, there is limited seating and wifi is not available.
4	Come for your caffeine fix, but that's all she wrote.Any place which serves you different beans based on you having either a black it white (milk) coffee is doing a good thing.The place itself is nice and obviously new, but I wasn't such a fan of the seating arrangements - it's very much a coffee bar, not a cafe, so don't come planning to spend a long time here.I was going to give this place 3 stars because they also have no food available (none at all!), but in the end I decided the coffee was good enough to warrant 4 stars. I ordered a flat white and it came out more like a piccolo latte, but maybe that's just an Australian opinion.This is the kind of place I wish I lived next to, so I could hit it up on the way work everyday.
4	Another great addition to the growing third wave family in Montreal. Friendly knowledgeable staff serving up te aro on a little 2 group marzocco. Tasty shots, great milk and attention to detail. As others have said, more of a bar than a full cafe, so leave the laptop at home. Take a look on the chalk board where you'll find the day's selection of beans and don't hesitate to chat up your barista.
4	I enjoyed my coffee Americano, my sister was disappointed in hers.... she's not familiar with African blends ,consecquently, did not like the very light looking coffee or the taste. Very pleasant,attentive staff, very airy, sun-filled  space but limited seating.One can sit here and relax  and just enjoy one's coffee while watching the world go by on a quiet afternoon.
5	I loved this place! I wanted a good coffee spot near our hotel in Montreal and I found this cute little spot thru Yelp. The set-up is really laid-back and the barista was very nice and friendly. He even gave us recommendations for our stay. And the cappuccino was great so we came back again while on our short trip.
5	The coffee is wonderful, and Tony really gets people together.  His cold brew is my local favorite
4	What I like about Pourquoi Pas:- Serious espresso drinks- Delicious almond+coco milk- Friendly owners and baristas- Free wi-fi- Te Aro (Pilot) fresh beans on sale. Must try the ViIla Donia! ;)Enjoy!^_______^
5	Pourquoi Pas is hands down my favourite espresso bar in all of Montreal. They do everything right - from the source of their coffee beans to the way they make their coffee; the simple atmosphere of the store; and the welcoming personalities of every one of their owners and staff. To be honest, I would give them more than 5 stars if I could. It's no accident that their coffee is so well-made: the owners Tony and Tyler have a real passion for creating great coffee, and the quality of every cup of coffee matters to them in a personal level. They charge a pretty standard price for coffee. Each cup of coffee is topped off a nice little latte art as well (as shown in the photos).
4	What a wonderful little coffee shop! It's small, cozy, welcoming and, above all, the coffee is delicious. And if you're a fan of almond milk, ask for their homemade cocoa almond milk. It's amazing!
4	Delicious ! Delightfull! A gentle whisper of study and read. The coffees are real and tasty.
5	the best coffeein the worldor at least the parts i've been to.
3	Only OK in comparison to many other third-wave coffee joints in Montreal. A little slow (they only seem to take one order at a time), decent coffee shot (choice of roast is a nice touch) but the milk was upsetting. Well, as upsetting as milk can be. Almond-coconut milk is a nice concept on paper but kind of turned out as Franken-milk in practice as it made the cappuccino taste much too coconut flavoured (hello Starbucks!), and it wasn't even particularly well-steamed. Of course, you can choose regular milk but annoyingly it's not the default so you have to pay extra. That said, it's the only third-wave in the Village area, so, props for trying?
4	I had a delightful latte here, and one thing that I noticed that was actually pretty awesome, was not having to pay extra for either soy or their house blend of coconut almond milk. Cow milk on the other hand was extra. When I got here, they had an array of sandwiches in the fridge (as well as salads) and offerings of vegan donuts. I didn't have a chance to try them but will give them a go next time Im in.
5	Trying out thus place first time.  Ordered two latte one of each of their daily espresso roast.   Both I love.  Friendly staffs here made a perfect latte with their house milk (mixed of coconut milk and almond )  very pretty latte art.  Which made the latte looks and feels extra special.  ^_^  Will definitely come back to this little place of heaven when I am back.
4	Aeropress of the day is excellent coffee.  This is really high quality stuff.  If you require cream and sugar, skip Pourquoi Pas; the subtleties of good coffee will be lost.  Nice little shop, friendly staff, decent prices. A few people have said the best coffee ever, and while I don't agree, it is quite good.
5	There can never be enough caffeine in me these days and I am very grateful that Pourqois Pas is close to work. Yes, it's not the fastest place to grab an espresso, but all good things take time. Usually two types of beans to choose from, you can have the house blend of coconut and almond milk for any coffee bevies normally requiring dairy.These guys know their stuff and are super friendly!
5	Im a decent barista, but these guys are amazing.  Totally progressive in their approach. Ill admit I was apprehensive at first.  Most impressive was the complexity of their single origin.  No need for a blend...I tried the el salvador (cap)and burundi (macchiatto) the default coconut or almond milk is a plus, but most baristas cant pull that off and make it taste right.  It tasted right. These guys are official.
5	As good as Piccolo's Espresso Bar, and slightly cheaper. My go to coffee shop if I'm staying in hostels around St Catherine's, or indeed when I'm willing to walk for it.Choice of daily roasts (Ethiopian and Colombian when I was there). Serving staff were great, and price was right ($2.75). Had free wifi and you could sit at the window looking at the world, or at the bar chatting. A must go.
5	Fantastic coffee oasis.  Highly trained, passionate, and pleasant baristas.  Great coffee options.  All around well done
4	A great little spot with an impressive selection of coffee to choose from...perfect for 1 on 1 meetings. A noteworthy mention to the "screw head" Pourquoi Pas Espresso Bar signage in the storefront window.
4	Amazing  Espresso... Their name implies exactly what they are good at.  The atmosphere is  very relaxing too.
