3	I have been here twice, both times has been a Wednesday night for karaoke. Beer and wine are cheap. The entertainments free. The food I've had, fried stuff, has been mediocre. But for karaoke and cheap booze it's great!
2	The only reason it got 2 starts is because the food was okay.But I went into that bar twice and both times I saw a fight. And one time a creepy old man was hitting on my wife the whole time.Never ever again will I got to that hole!
3	a place around the neighborhood i live in. came in one night for a few snacks and drinks. there were only 2 other people there. the bartender was nice and funny. kept us laughing which is why i give them 3 stars. the food was eh. typical bar food, but i feel i have had better. Dan T. said they changed up the menu since the last time he was there. The bartender made me a margarita that was too sour and left me sick to my stomach on sour overload. Dan's beer was a-ok though. I don't know if I will be back seeing as how I am not a beer drinker, but the service seemed friendly and welcoming. the food and my margarita didn't win me over though. i have had better nachos and cheese sticks.
4	People! If you want food go to an effin' restaurant! This is a gaming bar that "serves food." To cut costs they even cut the cook from around 3am - 11am. So don't come here for drunken breakfast cuz you'll end up drinking more. Great bar!
3	the place is standard except the $3 w/w/dbartenders are nice but the only entertainment is the video bs and golden tee (i love the latter)this place is like a hop, skip, and backflip from my home so i go here a bit.   i dig it.  but they could use pool/foosball tables.   they stopped serving food, so ordering from ambrosia is a good substitution.  (it's like 20 ft away and you can eat it in luckys)
4	Cold beerTV'sFriendly staffbut NO food at the moment..... so  missing a starmachines usually pay outon the way home.....C
3	I recently went this bar to watch the san Francisco & ny giants,it had nice tvs with good sound,I also ate there and got the food in a pretty timely fashion,I will definitely return
5	It doesn't get any better then Cheap drinks and good Pizza  :)
3	Stopped in on a Friday night to meet some friends. The place was dead, I don't think anyone was in the restaurant. There were maybe 6 other people in the bar at a time while we were there. The female bartender could've been more friendly and attentive since there wasn't much business. The drinks were cheap, but we  ordered a SoCo and Ginger Ale, and the ginger ale was flat. She was nice enough to replace it with another drink. Our replacement was a Jameson on the rocks, it tasted waterd down from the start. We later tried a SoCo on the rocks and it was the same deal, tasted watered down. So we pretty much all switched to beer at the end. A male bartender took over before we left and he was a lot friendlier and attentive.The highlight of the night was the free hot dog bar, not sure when they do this, we didn't ask the details, but they were a pretty good bar snack. We noticed they have a popcorn machine, I assume it is free as well, we didn't notice it til we were leaving. I'd stop in again for a drink or 2. Don't expect a party, it's just a low key neighborhood gaming bar.
5	i love the restaurant in luckys lounge . the service is amazing and the pancakes are to die for
5	I come here almost every Thursday & Monday for football they have a good drink special which is a beer and a shot for $3 & I ordered the burger slides, which come in 3, on the bar menu. They were really good about $5. Well worth it. Not to mention the bartenders are really cool as well.
4	Since I've moved to this side of town, Lucky's has become a local hangout. I would definitely recommend this place, and give kudos to bartenders like Levi (who works graveyard) that make it so enjoyable.
5	Thank you ESPN radio for recommending a home for a lost Niners fan in Las Vegas!  And to think all this time I've lived here (3yrs), I've wasted time in overly expensive sports bar or at home when the whole time Lucky's Lounge was just a short drive away!Found this place just in time for the Super Bowl. I'm still hurting from the Niners lost and crying at the moment while writing this review because it brings back memories of what could have been if the ref called an obvious pass interference! This place rocks and makes a bold statement from the get go that this is a bar for the 49ers faithful! Why do I know that? Because there's a big ass sign outside that says so! Basically a warning for the haters to stay away haha. This place gets hyped and loud during a game and holds special events such as raffle tickets and free Jell-O shots when a Niner scores a touchdown! The beer is fairly priced. Awkward that the wings here only come in two flavors (hot and barbecue). Popcorn shrimp and fries was ok but I still devoured it like a sumo eating sushi. Ok I'll be honest about the food just being mediocre but I'm not here reviewing this for the food. The 5 star I gave is because the environment, the love, the people, and the camaraderie of the 49ers fans here easily outweighs the food. I'm telling you, if you're a Niners fan, this place is a must for game day!!!!Ok back to crying in my room thinking about what could have been. Waaaaaah waaaah!
1	Such a weird place. Every time we come, I always wonder if its open. No one ever greets you. I guess you get what you pay for... Came here for the National championship for basket ball since they put so many ads on the sports radio stations about some great specials. Only one waitress was working because apparently everyone called out which is odd since they had such a "big event" going on. Never got to order anything since she was so busy... Yet there was only 5 tables for this "big event". I think some kind of manager was there, texting and walking around in the kitchen, not helping at all and making the one waitress do everything. Super weird vibes. I feel like an inconvenience whenever I go. No one will come when you hype up events with and only provide lackluster service and a manager texting wearing jeans and a tshirt. Super weird but they did have free beer for free throws. Such a good marketing idea that never really brought any business but I can see why.
4	Clean restaurant, good food, great hospitality.The food came in generous portions for their prices. Was no one else in the dining area when I came, but that's probably due to the fact that it was a weird time.. 5o'clock. The place gets busier towards the Later hours. Lucky's holds many events and supports local schools. A great business to support!
4	one of the best hidden secrets of Las Vegas.Great ambiance great staff cheap good pizza great tv for all sports games.TISH( owner/operator) is awesome.Great bar ..great sound. ...clean place.Love it!!!
4	If you're looking for a bar to cheer on the SF 49ers in the south west you've found it right here at Lucky's Lounge.  It's located at the SW corner of Warm Springs and Jones and has a big sign up in the front.Honestly it's hard to review this place when it came to food because over the past year I've been here a handful of times and almost every time they've had a different menu and a different cook/chef.   This does happen in Vegas I know of some businesses but not so often.  So far I've always enjoyed their food every time.  Currently they have a menu featuring pizza and wings http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/luckys-lounge-las-vegas-2?select=TPtPbotymZOjM1W5T5qL5Q#unwYLzMIlepqrjSKniZoGg and also serve you're other typical bar food like fries, chicken strips, quesadilla, nachos, and sandwiches.They have a separate bar area with a lot of TVs and alcohol with food and drink specials during football games. And a large separate dining area with a pretty good game area. They have a big Colin Kaepernick picture hanging above the door, I'm sure it was Alex Smith a couple years ago and Jeff Garcia a few before haha jk. No I actually think that's cool.I had their Running Rebel pizza I really enjoyed it and it was only like $10.  It was a large pizza with pepperoni, Canadian bacon, mushroom, onion, green peppers, olives, and ground beef. Basically the ingredients you'd get in a supreme pizza from other pizza spots. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/luckys-lounge-las-vegas-2?select=TPtPbotymZOjM1W5T5qL5Q#TPtPbotymZOjM1W5T5qL5QService has always been excellent.  It's clean, well maintained, and has a nice interior. I just didn't like the smoke smell that 1 time that stayed on my close. Then again another time it didn't have any smoke smell so they may have good ventilation that cleans up all that smoke smell which is always a plus for me.
3	Came here on a game day so we expected a crowd.  We arrived early and already knew the bartender was either new or just had no idea what she was doing.  Before the game even started there were several peopleAt the bar who never were acknowledged/ never served.  They also weren't communicating with each other because it seemed as if no one knew who was serving who.  When Tish came, finally everything was straightened out, she took care of my friends who never got their fries and menu that was ordered/asked for and was very attentive to us.  The garlic cheesy bread and pizza was pretty good.  But we couldn't find anyone for red pepper flaked and salt. I had to go to the dining room and grab it from someone else's table.  Will still come back and may try the dining room instead depending on who's working the bar. * they have $3 fireball and Jameson shot specials during games!
4	5 stars for being a 49er bar! Owner is a SF giants fan too! Kudos to that.  Great drink deals during game. Food is average. Wish they would do some SF food like garlic fries, and better selections. Be better than all these other gaming bars... Be different, offer some kick ass food, charge a little more if ya need to, ppl will pay. You can always keep the tenders and crap on there.... Any how, glad I moved back to Vegas and found this place to be retransformed to a UNLV/SF sports bar... And soo close to my pad. I'll definitely be back on Sundays!
4	Great place clean good food and cheap drinks the happy hour menu is great it's a 49ers bar so come game day there red jerseys are everywhere a lot of energy in this bar I recommend checking this place out Tuesday night kareoke night tip if your looking for a  quick bite havev here loaded potato it's amazing
1	IF LEVI IS BARTENDING TURN AROUND AND WALK OUT!!!!!  Stopped for a beer and was overcharged cause the so-called bartender was too busy hooking up all the hooters girls and hot girls in the bar with free drinks. Of course they're going to tip you great when they drink all night for free. Other customers shouldn't have to pay for your ignorance. NEVER COMING BACK!!!
4	If you love the 49ers, then this is THE bar to be at on game day! Strolled in here solo because my other plans for the day got changed, and being a 49er faithful seeing the gigantic "This is 49ers Country" sign outside, I figured I would see how it was...Low and behold I should have slapped myself for not coming in here before because all the other sports bars I've been to in the area pale in comparison to the sea of Red & Gold that I became engulfed in when I stepped inside. And let me tell you on game day, the place is PACKED! (And so is the parking lot, so get here a little early) Great atmosphere and decor, great fans and friendly people who all love the Niners. (except for the occasional fan from the opposing team, who walked into the wall when he came out of the bathroom! LMAO) You can tell that a lot of the people watching the game have actually gone to Candlestick Park because there was the trademark cry "WOOO, WOOO, WOOO!!!" whenever we got a 1st down, and the "Let's go Niners, LET'S GO!!" chants! It almost felt like I was at a bar in SF! Loved it! It was so packed that the group of fans that I befriended were using a pool table as our hangout. And it eventually became our table spread with all the food and drinks we ordered.And speaking about the drinks and food, let me say that this is A BAR first, that happens to serve food. They have game day specials for beer and grub that are priced very well. The quality of the food on the other hand was average (for a bar) and after sampling the pizza, french fries, onion rings, chicken fingers & chicken wings I would have to say I could only recommend the pizza. The crust was nice an doughy on top but crispy on the bottom and the toppings and cheese were pretty good. The weirdest thing I ate were the chicken wings that I had ordered with buffalo sauce. The wings were tossed in COLD SAUCE from the refrigerator. Who does that?!! As for the service we received, it was pretty good compared to the food. The waitresses in our area were very attentive and friendly, checking in on us throughout the game, and our orders came out in a fairly timely manner considering how busy it was.With all the foodies in Vegas, if they put in an actual chef and came up with a better menu like some other sports bars around here, this place would get better reviews and more business on non game days. But hey, there are plenty of great places to eat just up the road on Rainbow. What you come here for is to have drinks and hang out with like minded fans to cheer on the San Francisco 49ers!!
4	(optional Daft Punk (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NV6Rdv1a3I)  accompaniment)With so many Niner fanscongregating here to show theirlove and support,who wouldn't love this place?(don't be hating, Seattle fans)And the Non-Niner game days aren't bad either.Decent selection of brew.Standard spirits.Friendly crew.Overall,Nice local bar.
1	This place gets only 2 stars because I have been here twice now to watch the 49er games and although it is a great place to be around your fellow fans the service SUCKS!!! big time. I would come back to watch the game but not for food or drinks because if you order before the game your lucky to even get your food or water by halftime...sheesh. Hire more people to work game days and get rid of the one guy that mans all the tables because he is not cutting it.
3	Its a neighborhood bar, 49ners bar. All the usual, ordered the runnin rebels pizza. Its ok. But I'm here to drink beer.
3	Locals are really nice! Come here for the local dive. The food should be avoided. Dining room is dead for a reason.
1	Don't put your money in if you are expecting free drinks. Went in with a friend and we EACH put a 20 in the machine and both had 2 drinks. When the bill came they charged us for all 4 drinks and when I mentioned this to the obnoxious bartender Tish, she told us (probably because she was to busy flirting with guys at the end of the bar the whole night)  that she never saw us play so there was nothing she could do. Coming from a gaming bar also I know that it's possible to check and make sure. Definitely won't be back.
4	We just found out that this is a 49er bar and restaurant. We had to check it out before the season starts. The bar and restaurant are separate so no smoke where I eat. There were medium T.V.'s on every wall and a big screen in the center of the restaurant. We did not go into the bar area. We had lunch. I ordered the angus beef hamburger which was cooked perfect and tasted great and my wife had the wrap which she fell in love with. We will definitely call this place home during the football season.
5	Levi is the best Graveyard Bartender ever (and before him, Mailman was here a few years ago). Fun place for Graveyard without a doubt, you will get great service and if you are gaming, you will not get ripped off like some other places that charge you unnecessarily. The gaming payback has been solid, rewards solid also. Fun place, has a cool Jukebox too. I had some issues in the past with daytime female bartenders, but the graveyard crew has been awesome.
4	Came here for Sunday football for the niners and I love the atmosphere in this bar! Everyone's dressed in red except a few others that are representing other teams. Make sure you come early for the game or else it gets packed and you won't get a table. We ordered buckets of beers for decent price and their food is not too bad either.
5	I love this BAR! This is one of the few places in town that hasn't gone "corporate", the bartenders don't seem to be on a quota and force you to gamble. They treat  you the same wether you are playing or not. The new menu is delicious and the beer is always cold. The staff is always friendly and there is always someone interesting to hang out with. Five stars all day!PS. Go 49ers!
5	Fun fun fun. Great food, good service, ice cold beer and a ninners bar what more can you ask for.
5	The best Niners bar in Vegas! I always get the Bay Area bucket, 5 beers to mix n matc.
3	We have been to Lucky's quite a few times now... the food is good (typical bar food in vegas), full bar is usually stocked, service is slowwwww, but the atmosphere is fun! Honestly if it weren't for the location being close to where we live/work and the atmosphere we probably would not come back. The last time I was in I timed how long it took not just to be acknowledged but to get a drink, 25minutes to be acknowledged and 35min to get a drink. The bar was not full at the time, the rest of my group has been served because they got there before me, but the bartender was too busy hanging out with her friends to pay attention to other patrons. Again this is not a surprise at this bar though, so if you choose to go just expect to wait. If you order shots expect them to be strong and the bartenders have usually had to look them up so they may take a minute to get but they will be STRONG. Honestly we will be back because of the atmosphere and location as long as we are not in a rush to get anywhere after.
3	Went here after reading it was a niner bar on Sunday night... Came there ordered a round of ketel shots, tasted like crap.. As a ketel drinker, I thought the drinks tasted extremely different and nasty like an old lemon drop or nasty vodka . . We weren't too happy being here so we took off prob won't be back.. Plus terrible airway for smokers we walked out of there smelling like an ashtray
1	My roommate and I have been eyeing this place since we moved in down the street.     Last night we decided to give it a go.    We arrived at 7:05 and sat at the bar with no gaming machines.   The bartender took our drink orders (Jameson and ginger and a Coke) and was prompt in handing them to us.   Unfortunately she did not follow up to see if we wanted a menu or let us know any specials that they may have had.       After 10 minutes of not being contacted by the bartender or any other employee we grew impatient.  My roommate said he came to try to the food so he would wait it out.     at 7:30 I told him I was done and I wanted to leave.   Being in the lounge for now 25 minutes with only being contacted once was uncalled for.  My roommate said he would wait until the beginning of the 4th quarter of the MNF game and then would leave.     7:47 came around when the 3rd quarter ended and I got up and walked across the bar to tell the bartender we are done and to close out my tab.     When she handed me my bill she said thank you for coming in.      I was livid as why she would thank me when she didn't pay any attention to me or my roommate for 42 minutes.    She was too busy flirting with the other guys at the bar.   When we found another place to eat we both felt she was purposely avoiding us during our visit there.  I went in with high expectations as the bar is two blocks away and from my experience at their location in the Northwest on Farm.  I WILL NEVER step foot into this establishment again for the way we were treated.      We both felt that we interrupted her night by ordering a drink and then closing out the tab.     I hope for the sake of future visitors that our experience is a fluke, but after reading some of these reviews I feel it is not.      Good drink, but can't even speak on anything else.
4	Cool place to chill out and watch SF 49ers games in Las Vegas.   Wifey and I were there for the last game of the season.   The bar was pretty full but there were plenty of tables off to the right side.   We staff was pretty friendly and there were plenty of beer options.   We stayed for most of the game which was fun, they were plenty of TVs to watch the game from every angle.   We'd occasionally order something to munch on as the game went on.   The food was good.   Overall, it's a nice place.   Will I be back?   Sure, the next time I'm in town during a Niners game.
