4	What a nice place!  Looks to be great for a date.  Nice decor, dark with nice background music...soccer on the TV in the bar.  White tablecloths.  Enjoyable food and staff.  Went for lunch and had the Blackened Salmon salad.  Salmon was cooked perfectly very nice firm texture and tasty favor with nice blacken/pepper over fresh lettuces, tomato, onion, egg slices and a nice dressing.They waiters were in suits or vests with tie.  The have a person serving bread and assisting with drinks, etc. The bread was delicious, baked on the premises and was told they have a baker how does the deserts too.  Menu looks very interesting.  Will have to go back for a nice dinner.  Forgot to check out the hours but just check the website.
4	Lunched after touring the Bayernhof Music Museum. GF tried the Portuguese coriander soup. The coriander stew is served w/ a poached egg and slices of bread floating in a light garlic chicken broth w/ tons of fresh cilantro. I tried the Fish stew that came piping hot in a cast iron kettle w/ huge chunks of tender salmon, mussels, and a white fish in a red pepper/tomato broth w/ potato and onion. GF enjoyed her penne seafood pasta w/ mussels, clams & scallops w/ a half of a small lobster. They provide fresh olives in a mild garlic marinade & warm crusty bread to enjoy while they prepare lunch. Service was efficient & friendly -- may have been the owner waiting on us as they had a large private lunch party. We can't wait to try some other dishes next time.
4	I enjoyed my lunch here a lot.  The person I was with REALLY enjoyed their lunch a lot.The atmosphere is elegant - mood lighting, polite, restrained wait staff, appropriate (and not too loud) music that fits the theme, etc.  Fresh, hot, crusty bread that was delicious.  Extremely flavorful food.  My companion got the goat special, and the presentation was quite lovely.  I got the chicken sandwich, which came with all my favorite grilled vegetables on it, on more of the yummy fresh crusty bread.I felt like I was having a $25 plate, but instead the whole meal, including dessert, didn't crack $25.  Extremely reasonable prices for excellent flavors and ambience.  I'm a fan.
5	Haven't had a better Steak in a long time. The food here is unlike at other restaurants. The atmosphere is calm and welcoming. Highly recommend for anyone with a taste for delicious mouth watering food. Just writing this review is making me want to get back there and relive that steak graced with a fried egg and delicious sauces. I can't speak highly enough, make the trip, enjoy the food, take a date.
5	We chose Marisqueira for my mother-in-law's 82nd birthday. We are so glad we did and we will definitely be back.We had 4:00 pm reservations in order to accommodate some of the members of our party who need to dine earlier in the day. When the first three of us arrived, we realized that the family member who had called in the reservation had erroneously said a party of five instead of six. "No problem!" said the staff. They quietly and without any fuss moved us to a larger round table in order to accommodate our party. I'm not sure this would have been possible later in the evening as the restaurant became very busy, but we lucked out. Our waitress (Jennifer) was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the specials. She listed off about 10 different specials and appetizers and was able to circle back and answer our many questions about those specials and menu items.The staff coordinated almost like a dining ballet. These were not staff who were only there to collect a paycheck. The dining professionals (that's what they were) wanted to make sure we truly enjoyed our experience. Their efforts did not go unnoticed and helped to make our dining experience special.Each person was given a large, hot, crusty roll before the meal. The wine list was generous with quite a few wines by the glass: red, white and sparkling. The menu was divided into starters, soups, salads and entrees divided into chicken, sea and others. I had the salmon with whiskey sauce with a side of rice and grilled vegetables. The portions are very generous, the whiskey sauce creamy, sweet and not so strong as to overpower the perfectly cooked fish.My partner and I each had a bowl of soup, entree with sides, glass of wine and espresso and our total came to around $70 (not including tip). Really a great deal with the quality and quantity of the amazing meal. Everyone also received a small glass of Portuguese almond liqueur, on the house.We can't wait to tell our friends about it and hope that they invite us to come along for dinner!
5	We walked in here on a whim because the Aspinwall Grill was temporarilty closed, and it turned out to be quite the happy accident.  My wife had the seafood with rice and I had the NY Strip with ham and two fried eggs on top.  Both dishes had deep, rich flavor with just enough spice to get your attention.  We also tried the Minestrone soup and the hearts of palm salad, which was easily large enough to share.  The food here is quite good -- a smidge on the pricey side, but well worth the extra expense.  Great for special occasions.
3	I went to Marisqueira on a Saturday night.  It was not too busy and we were seated promptly.  The warm rolls they provided were excellent.  I got the fisherman's stew.  It was tasty and flavorful, but a relatively small portion.  My boyfriend got the Beefa, which provided him with a spiritual awakening (his words).  We also split a little-too-sweet pitcher of sangria.  The staff was attentive and knowledgable.  Overall, it was a good experience and I would recommend it to anyone looking for some fresh seafood or a good steak.
5	Everything was wonderful at this warm and inviting restaurant. We started with a chilled bottle of Portuguese white wine and red peppers stuffed with crab and shrimp, with a delightful sauce, and warm crusty dinner rolls.  This was followed by hot, delicious seafood bouillabaisse.  The seafood included lobster tail, mussels, cockles, and shrimp in a delicious, fragrant sauce.  Dessert included a delectable tiramisu and yummy almond cake.  The waitstaff and owners could not have been more attentive to us, including helping us with menu selections.  We will definitely return.  The meal was a pleasure from start to finish.
5	The dinner at this restaurant could not have been any better.   The staff were friendly, attentive, and helpful.  We had seafood and it was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.   The wine, coffee, and deserts were excellent.  The perfect place for dinner.
3	I don't know why this place gets such high ratings. I found the food quality quite average. Actually it was very salty and bland. I think the person who likes Mallorca in the south side (I don't) will probably like this place.
2	All about meatThe bread was the highlight of the meal, it was delicious. I agree with another poster that the bread and a salad or app might be the best options breautiful retaurant and friendly staff but incredibly unheathful food.
2	In sum, the concept is outdated [an endless list of menu items which means much is frozen and few are prepared properly] which is obvious in the bland, dry flavorings. Too expensive for the end result.I typically will not dine at restaurants that choose the novel-style menus. There is a reason Michelin star restaurants have small menus- they can consistently prepare and serve quality menu items each and every time. Its a string of arrogance to have a lengthy menu. No restaurant, especially in Pittsburgh can keep rare ingredients, in stock that are not frozen to provide them in a fresh and edible manner. Which means one is shelling out 25-30 dollars a dish for frozen entrees. The appeal to this is unknown to me. Nevertheless, I purchased the living social coupon and I wanted to be proven wrong- sadly I was not.The bread, an overlooked detail at many establishments was not overlooked here. The bread was chewy, fresh, and crispy- quite a delightful start to any good dining experience. For starters, I picked the polvo a marisqueira. Grilled octopus with Portuguese blue cheese. Fabulous! The octopus was simply amazing. Even better than the fresh bread. The creamy melted blue cheese complemented the grilled dense and succulent octopus. The price tag may make ones' head spin at 16+. Ho/wever, it was worth the one time splurge. Food reviewers have suggested the price is due to importing in the specific type of octopus and Portuguese blue cheese. Fair enough, it was delicious and worth trying at least once. Brace yourself my friend, that is where the kind words will end.The entrees my husband and I ordered were a catastrophe. In earnest, it is an embarrassment to fine dining. Jared ordered the suckling pig. Hrmp. It tasted like the chef sucked all the delightful fresh juices from the meat and crispiness from the skin by cooking this dish days ago and reheating it to order. Dreadfully dry, bland pork meat smothered in what was likely once crispy, now soggy, exterior that was overly seasoned with pepper. I ordered the wild boar. Again, another dish that sat in the fridge for days. The rich game taste was all but absent from this dish. How long does a dish sit in the fridge that even a "game animal" taste domesticated? The rice was slightly under al dente which is as disappointing as it was inedible. The positive glimmer of hope was the sauce the boar was braising in...a cannellini bean tomato sauce. It had a rich smokiness flavor with a hint of sweet. Yet, the beans were the downfall. The sauce was bathing the canned beans. Canned beans..really? I can tell a canned bean from a dried one miles away. Not fooling me on this one. Soggy baby food style beans on leg shanks cooked days ago. Such a shame.I thought the service was as disappointing as the food. When we were first seated my husband was looking at the wine menu. The waiter asked if he would like anything, my husband replied no and the waiter left. Um, what century did I enter that my opinion matters not? I even tried to raise my hand to get his attention. Nope. No drinks for me.More fun was in store for us. My husband and I sat in our appetizer dirty dishes for at least 20 minutes. Until a waitress from another table removed them only after I started to pile them together for us to have to room on the small 2 top. Fine dining? I think not.
4	yes. Yes. YES! Excuse me while I channel Meg Ryan when writing about this place. First had a restaurant owning friend recommend it, heard it was part of Mallorca clan and then saw a groupon for it. It was a really incredible dining experience. The day before a friend had gotten a goat special. I had suckling pig. My friend had a fresh catch and the other friend dined on veal. Bread, soup apps and entrees were superb. Everything was fresh and tasted scratchy, not sysco-y. I will go back with or without a groupon. Oh - would have been 5 star, but I got a house red -a cab- it was horrible, with lots of sediment. I guess my lesson would be to order a bottle next time, but I may not remember the dining experience, and this is one place I don't want to forget!
4	This place is a little pricey certainly, but the food is delicious and the portions are enormous. And by the way, their house bread is fresh-out-of-the-oven and absolutely amazing. They have a large menu and an extensive daily specials list, so you'll never be bored of their food. I recently had their grouper in a tequila sauce from their daily menu and it was very, very tasty.Of their dessert selection, I highly recommend their house sorbets. They are served in the fruit that they are made of (i.e. half a mango, quarter of a pineapple, in a hollowed lemon etc). The lemon, mango and pineapple are all fantastic. My personal favourite is the lemon.And of course, their on-the-house sweet almond liqueur is a perfect way to end the meal there. Yum.
5	Wow. Read some great/good reviews, got some coupons in the mail and they're an offshoot of Mallorca...we thought we'd give it a try. My wife and I stopped for lunch on a Friday. Great looking place although you have to skirt around a curtain just after walking through the front door. Two tables were occupied which gave us concern. It was however 1:30 so maybe the lunch rush had left.We started with the flaming Portuguese sausage as we usually do at Mallorca. Great sausage but it wasn't hot...just warm. Still tasty.My wife ordered the delmonico steak which comes with fries and rice. It was the best steak she and I had in a very long time. Great gravy, cooked perfectly and thick.I ordered the veal florentine. Awesome, hot, tastes...wow.Portions are generous as we left with leftovers.The only not-so-great part would be the sangria. It was fine..not great like Mallorca. Big deal.A new favorite place to go.
4	Very good food and large portions, friendly staff too. We definitely enjoyed ourselves.
4	Very good food and service. We were the only patrons in the restaurant, maybe because we arrived early right when they opened. Even the chef came out to welcome us.
5	One word to describe this place: Amazing!!!I went to dinner here this past Saturday with my husband, his two cousins and our sister in law. As soon as we were seated, we were greeted with fresh & warm bread and butte. As some others have said, you can tell a lot about a restaurant by their quality of bread, so right off the bat I knew we were in for a great meal. Our server was wonderful! He was very knowledgeable about the menu and answered all of our questions. For an appetizer we got the peppers stuffed with mozzarella cheese and the mussels. Both were incredible and packed full of flavor. For my dinner, I ordered the Delmonico steak with the gorganzola cream sauce with the sides of rice and veggies. The steak was cooked perfectly and there was just enough cream sauce on the steak to give it flavor without being over powering. The veggies and rice were cooked perfectly and were a nice compliment to the steak. All of the other folks in the party loved their meals as well, especially my husband who ordered the goat special. He had never had goat before, and thoroughly enjoyed it! For dessert, we ordered to share the rice pudding, the almond cake and the chocolate layer cake. All three desserts were incredible and the perfect end to our meal. The atmosphere of the restaurant is warm and inviting, and in true European style, we never felt rushed during the meal. Even after we were finished with dessert, our server never rushed over to give us our bill or made us feel like we had to leave. It was a great experience and we will certainly be back!
2	Very friendly staff and romantic atmosphere, elegant decoration. And? That's pretty much it! Purchased a 3-course dinner for 2 on Groupon.  Aside from the nice staff, environment and service, the food itself did not worth what I paid. Ordered seafood soup as a start in addition to the 3 courses came with the Groupon. Soup tastes OK to be fair. But you can't really call it seafood soup if all the seafood flavor were covered by the creaminess and spices - ijust a regular creamy soup with shrimp and mussels in it at most.Appetizer:  Mexilhoes a casa (mussels). Not much to comment, neither good nor bad, you can't really screw up mussels.Entrees: Filet mignon de la porto lagos (steak) and Salmao a bebado (salmon). One word - TASTELESS. Meat was hard to swallow. Rice in plate was dry and hard. No comment on the veggies.Desert: Flan and triple chocolate mousse. I thought you can't go wrong with flan, so my only complaint was the flan was very dry on top. The triple chocolate mousse was more of a triple chocolate cake and has nothing to do with mousse. A good mouse cake should melt in your mouth.I noticed this place has lots of good reviews. Which I find very interesting. Although the Groupon voucher did not really give me much choices to choose from (you can choose 1 appetizer out of 3 choices, 2 entrees out 3 choices and 2 desert out of 3 choices), I'd assume that they would put some good choices for Groupon as it's suppose to attract new customers, not scare them away with tasteless food. If they only offered some bad-taste dishes for Groupon customers, then too bad, wrong strategy!To sum up, good environment, not-so-good food.
4	This is one of those interesting restaurants that has reviews all over the place. Interestingly, I agree with most of the comments from all of the reviewers!First, the good - we have had some great meals here. Many of the dishes we have tried are really quite good, and representative of authentic Portuguese cuisine. We appreciated the hospitality the wait staff demonstrated, and everyone treated us and our daughter very well. Try the octopus with gorgonzola - not cheap, but WELL worth the price! Anything with cod or seafood is delicious. I am told their steaks are quite good as well, but we have enjoyed the seafood items so much that we haven't ever ordered it!Of course, there are also some areas for improvement. The comment one reviewer had about the size of their menu and the number of specials offered is as true as can be. It would be really nice if they would rotate dishes in and out of the menu, to offer some variety and reduce confusion. Personally, I like seeing 5-8 appetizers, 6-8 main courses, and 3-4 desserts on a typical menu. It would likely be best to have 3-4 specials in addition to the menu for variety.Read a little about Portuguese cuisine, and then order accordingly - they are definitely adept at this niche area of cuisine!More to come as we continue to explore their offerings...
1	Part of our problem having dinner here was that we bought a groupon, 3 course meal for two. There was no fine print to tell us that the huge menu here (mentioned by many other reviewers) becomes strictly limited for groupon customers (I've stopped buying groupons):  entrees were salmon, or chicken, or filet mignon. The shared appetizer list was equally short, diners next to us could choose carpaccio amongst other things, we could get mussels, or shrimp in garlic sauce or some kind of pepper with cheese in it. The shrimp in garlic was overcooked, not very tasty, dry. We had the steak, ordered it medium rare. It came medium well to well done in parts. I pointed this out to the waiter, saying I just want to have somebody agree with me that this is not medium rare. It is not, he agreed, and offered me another. No I said, I don't waste food, I just want somebody to see what I see and point it out to the boss and the chef in the hopes that things will improve. We saw him speaking to the patron, who ultimately brought back our credit card and receipt at the end of the meal. He thanked us for visiting his restaurant and that was it. So I said, apparently your chef doesn't know the difference between medium rare and medium well. Patron expressed his surprise with a very sorrowful face, and asked:  So your's was not done right? Now that was the main thing. If that was the first he had heard of it, he could have made some kind of response, offered some kind of comp, anything. I wouldn't have taken it, but would have liked a better response. Since we were convinced our waiter had told him, his response seemed disingenuous at best. If he did know already, he was willing to let the waiter carry the can. If he did know, he didn't care enough to own up. Food, sub-par. Service, from the waiter. Good. Management: to be avoided like groupons. Easy enough to find a better restaurant in Pittsburgh, and this one deserves a big AVOID. If management won't see what is in front of their eyes, how can you trust them to prepare your food?
4	Hubs and I made reservations for a Friday night. When we arrived, I was surprised by how many people were crammed into this small restaurant. My guess is they have had a recent surge in business due to the many coupons/deals they have recently offered. I had purchased a 3 course dinner for two from Groupon. I believe I have seen this restaurant advertised for WPXI just pay half as well. I was also surprised by the atmosphere/ambiance. The decor was classy and tasteful. The people were clearly enjoying there meals as talking and laughter could be heard from outside the front door. We were seated right away. Our water glasses were filled and we were served soft yet crusty rolls with butter. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. Someone finally came over to ask if we have been helped 15 minutes later. We said no and ordered wine. And again. We waited and waited and waited. Another 10 minutes went by and someone else comes over to take our order. I'm a bit annoyed at this point and would have considered walking out had I not already purchased the Groupon. However, I am very glad that we stayed. After we got our glasses of wine, I had a very enjoyable dinning experience. Our choices were limited with the Groupon but we chose the spicy shrimp appetizer to share, the chicken in a creamy spinach sauce with mushrooms and onions, the filet with port wine and mushroom sauce and the flan and chocolate cake for desserts. The shrimp appetizer was just as they explained- - spicy and garlicky. Yum. My only criticism is that we could have used something to eat the shrimp with- bread, pita etc. Within a timely manner, our entrees were served. I had the chicken and am unable to comment on the filet other than the fact that my husband ordered it medium and it was served medium rare. Almost cold in the chewy red center. Way too underdone for my liking. He didn't want to send it back so he ate most of it and the rice and veggies that accompanied the filet. I thoroughly enjoyed my chicken and the creamy spinach sauce. I only wish there was less of it. The chicken was swimming in the sauce. I couldn't make out what was actually the chicken. If the chicken was cut up, it could easily have passed as soup. For dessert, we decided to try the flan in restaurant and take the cake to go. I'm not a big fan of flan. Maybe it's the texture. Maybe it's the lack of flavor. But, I have to say this flan had a nice crunch on the top of what I assume was carmelized sugar. A welcomed surprise. All in all, the food easily makes up for the lack of service and I would definitely head back in the future.
1	where to begin? we ordered a dish with fish/shrimp and received a trough of slurry with rotten mussels that smelled like the breath of sick cat. So to remedy the situation they threw a few wretched looking shrimp on top of the simmering pot of hot aquarium water. mmmm The other dish was a delightful chicken? pile with hints of bleach water, freezer burn and a side of last week's mushy vegetables. And as an added bonus we were entertained by a exclusive performance by what must have been the in house troupe of drain fly minstrels who swarmed about our table. Apparently these playful creatures were not visible to the owner/manger because when i pointed to them crawling on our table he acted as though he did not see them. It could have been a precursor hallucinogenic side effect foretelling the week long stint of food poisoning that commenced from only two whole bites. What a culinary treasure this is!!!  I highly recommend checking out the laundry list of health code violations posted online for a good read.
2	For anyone looking for real Portuguese food, go to Newark NJ or Toronto.  The food is some weird mix of Portuguese and Italian food that would probably be unrecognizable to people from Portugal or Italy.
3	I and I friend went there on a Groupon and the experience was pleasant yet the limited offerings to choose from diminished the experience.. I am still a bit puzzled at how the groupon could equal an $80 meal for two and will say the mussels were great, the bread good, and the entrees were just average.. We each had the mahi mahi and one portion was large and the other much smaller. Plain rice and overcooked vegetables accompanied the fish.  The desserts were way way too sweet and that is the end of the review..
5	Absolutely delicious! The bread was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I ordered the chicken special- chicken Sicilian and I would come back for this EVERY night. Everyone's meals had an excellent flavor. Our waiter recommended a Portuguese wine that we all loved. I will definitely be back
3	Out of 5:1.0 - ceviche: lacking in flavor, odd texture, over cured3.0 - first sea food dish: good variety. Rice slightly mushy.3.0 - veal Florentine
2	Bought a groupon this time and selected calamari, which was rubbery and only warm. The heart of palm salad came next - dressing was tasteless. Rolls were delicious and served warm, then dinner was served. I chose garlic shrimp. It was, literally, 30 small sized shrimp served with a bed of mushy rice. Perhaps it is taking the new chef some time to adjust but I did not enjoy the visit this time and really left disappointed.
1	We tried this place again using a Groupon on a Friday evening. The place was nearly empty @ 7pm and the host reassured us their "rush" was coming @ 7:30pm. The "rush" consisted of three more tables. The waiters try very hard; they are too attentive except when waiting for your raw steak to be cooked more in which case they disappear for such a long time, we all wondered if they were cooking a new one. Not the case, of course, upon inspection of the returned steak. They also brought us the wrong bottle of wine but we didn't notice until we began drinking it so "my bad" but I suspect they bring whatever bottles they still have in inventory instead of telling you they are out of them. Tried the crab (not really sure WHAT that filling was really) stuffed artichokes which were limp and most decidedly frozen prior to applying the microwaved paddles of life. Really poor execution. The cheese stuffed peppers were swimming in sauce and also very limp. The entrees were really disappointing on all levels. The monkfish stew was exceedingly sparse for a $26 dish and the fish was rubbery and decidedly not monkfish - maybe tilapia or some other cheap fish. The steak came with a rubbery fried egg on it and some weird greasy limp meat - maybe ham sliced paper thin? Not sure. The first steak was blue inside it was so raw. The chicken florentine had no fresh spinach and the chicken was very overcooked - probably pre-cooked. This was the best of the worst Groupon options, I suppose.My dessert flan tasted (reeked) of garlic. It was very bizarre. How does that happen? Terrible meal. I hope they get a new chef and can pull it back together. It's such a great space and the wait staff really tries to please.
5	What a fabulous surprise and experience in dining. We enjoyed every minute we were there the staff was attentive and freindly.  Our food was perfectly delicious.  Definitely going on our go back list.
1	Went to dinner last night with my wife, using a Groupon coupon which allowed a Price Fixe dinner for two.  We picked the chicken florentine dish which had no taste, and was sitting in a sauce brew of undetermined origin. The wine was stale. The waiter was rude. We were only offered one dessert option, which was baklava, and were not offered the usual after dinner liquor provided to all the other guests, which I assume was because we used the Groupon coupon. Long wait time for food. We certainly wouldn't return.
4	One of the better dining experiences you'll have in Pittsburgh. The prices are high, but balanced with a pleasant dining area, lots of menu options and daily specials, and what might be the most friendly and accommodating staff I've ever encountered.I've no complaints about the food. I've had dishes that I'm taken back by with complex flavor and presentation and others that simply meet expectations for what a good meal should be, but nothing has ever been bad. Not everything is knock-my-socks off though, so 4 stars. You can't go wrong with the seafood here. Scallops are probably my favorite. Finish your meal with a toasted almond cake and a spanish coffee (beware the massive amount of brandy snuck into this) and be fortunate enough for the owner to consider you worthy of a complimentary43 aperitif and you've just had a very good start to your classy night out!
2	Situated within three miles of households with some of the highest food-expenditure budgets in Allegheny County, this place should be a gold mine of high-end clientele. Alas, the food quality does not support the price point. Too bad this place couldn't be more small-plate oriented with a nod to a modern Portuguese palate. The restaurant business is super competitive, so when pricey fish dishes turn into take-home cat food, the desire to return is quashed. This is the type of place stuck in the 1990's with respect to dining trends. A return trip will be welcome but only if  the menu changes and the food quality improves. Please!
5	We stopped in Friday night, equipped with a Groupon, and were seated immediately. The service could not have been better. We shared a half pitcher of white sangria, which was enough for four glasses. After being served some of the best fresh rolls & butter we've had, we were served our entrees. I ordered the mahi mahi with a very unique and tasty tequila, green olive, and tomato sauce. It was excellent. My partner ordered a dish involving chicken, chorizo, cream sauce, and rice. We shared a light and delicious cake involving ladyfingers, almond, and whipped cream, and the night was finished with complimentary shots of amaretto liquor. The price, for the quality of food and service, was reasonable - not a cheap meal, but not expensive for what it was. We enjoyed ourselves and plan to return soon.
2	Simply put, this place cannot compete with the delicious and more affordable food elsewhere. The food is mediocre at best and ridiculously overpriced. To make matters worse, they refused to honor our restaurant.com certificate because it is restaurant week. The wine is good (but overpriced) and the service is fine, but the entrees seem about 10 dollars overpriced a piece.
5	The food was really delicious, the staff was very kind and attentive.I really liked how they served the food to us and the timing of the service was also spot on.I really like the authenticity of the menu and I think that the ambiance is very romantic. I had a very relaxing evening there with my boyfriend.
1	Wow what a fail! They offer tons of choices of seafood...all frozen and microwaved blandness and awfulness all the way around. chicken dry and obviously reheated. Sides over cooked and seasonless. Felt like I was in an episode of Kitchen Nightmares before Ramsey got in the kitchen to save the diners. Will not be back...EVER!
1	It would be difficult for me to think of another meal that was a horrible as the one I had here.  The food was, in two cases, raw, in all other cases badly prepared and presented.  The Seafood seemed frozen and not properly thawed before it was put on the plate, the chicken dishes clearly had been microwaved, nothing tasted fresh.  Almost no one at my table finished what they ordered..  Even thinking about the meal now, days later, I feel a bit nauseous. Running a restaurant has got to be difficult, but when you don't serve fresh food or it is obviously microwaved or pre-prepared, you can't expect to stay in business long.  How this restaurant survives is a complete mystery to me.We all sat in wonder how this place could serve us as roundly a terrible meal as they did.  We talked about it days after.  It will probably be story we tell for a long time.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! I have never had a worst dinner experience in my life! We purchased a groupon to try out this restaurant, which I have since called groupon to tell them to take this place off their site. Included in the deal was a house salad.  My salad was drenched in dressing & my boyfriends barely had anything on it. It was so bland that we had to add salt.  Then we ordered our appetizer which was rubbery calamari that was beyond bland and the presentation was horrible. I ordered the mahi-mahi, which is completely in question. It was a white solid block of disgusting, tasteless microwaved imitation fish? I have not idea what I was eating. Here's the kicker; the waiter set it down in front of me and asked me to cut into it to make sure it was fully cooked! EXCUSE ME?!My boyfriend ordered the Veal Florentine, which he too questions the actual meat used. He had one bite and couldn't eat anymore.Our sides were rice and mixed vegetables. The zucchini was hard and tasted like dirt. When we asked for the bill, at the oddest time, the waiter knew something was wrong so the, I'm assuming, owner came over to ask why we didn't eat what was on our plates and we politely said we had to leave for other plans and literally RAN out of there!Let me also mention the disgusting amount of gnats that were flying around the restaurant that the waiter would so nicely, swat away for you...During the meal, my boyfriend even made the comment that we were definitely being punked.  I swear there were cameras, and we'll find ourselves on a future show. I thought maybe this could be because we had a groupon, but we verified with family/friends that this was their experience too, as full paying customers.
3	Have ate here at least a half dozen times and have always found food good.  Only once had a problem, found a paper towel in our salad after we had eaten half of it and was only offered another salad. Restaurant interior is nice. Owner is very nice, has often brought free after dinner drinks to table. Have never had a problem redeeming groupons.
5	The restaurant is pretty small, but not too crowded. The restaurant has a dining area and a bar area. The Marisqueira Mediterranean Bistro were great; juicy and tasteful.
