5	Best multi-dimensional color I have ever had done! Highly reccommend this professional, clean salon!
5	Athena is great. I'm always changing my haircolor and she is the one I trust when changing my hairstyle. I've been going to her for four years and never had a problem. I get lots of compliments too!
5	I love Athena Mitchell! She is a great stylist. She has been doing my hair for three years, and my families hair as well. She is an incredible cutter and color expert for both men and women. I highly recommend Athena you will not be disappointed!
5	Great place to get a color and cut!
5	Thanks to all the positive reviews on here I have found a new hair dresser. Moving to a new place and having to find a new person to trust with your hair is hard, but I am very pleased with Athena. Thanks for all the yelp reviews. It has made moving to Arizona a little easier.
5	Athena is amazing!!! I couldn't have asked for a better haircut. Being a hair stylist myself, I know what a challenge my haircut could be and her prices are beyond affordable! She will be my new hairdresser. Highly HIGHLY recommended!
5	Bella Voi is now my new salon! I've been to several salons in Surprise and haven't been satisfied like I was with Athena! She's awesome and knows what she's going. Her prices are very decent. I highly recommend her!!
5	Awesome place for great hair at a reasonable price. I went and saw Athena after my old stylist had turned my hair orange instead of blonde and couldn't seem to fix it. Athena had my hair back to normal within an hour and I've been going to her ever since. She also does my eyebrow waxing too. She makes herself available for appointments at a moments notice and is always on time. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my hair.
5	Athena is AH-MAZ-ING!!! I'm so thankful for Yelp members helping me find her. I've had a hard time finding anyone to trust with my hair (all it takes us one mess up at Super Cuts!) since moving back from Napa. (where I was spoiled with salons!) Athena listens to what you want. She is busy, but it's always 1 client at a time. I'd reccomend her to anyone and everyone. I told her what I wanted and she delivered - but made it 100% better. I was there for close to 3 hours and she didn't rush, complain nothing. She loves what she does, and it shows. Love her!
5	LOVE Athena, she's da BOMB!!! She has great prices, and did an amazing job fixing a VERY bad haircut.  She does great color and highlights too!  Did I mention she has great prices?!!  She works every day (if her schedule allows), so she does take Sunday or Monday appointments.  This woman has a business, and it will be thriving if I have my way!  Go See ATHENA!!
5	Athena is wonderful! She definitely lived up to her reviews. I was looking for a good quick, affordable haircut.  I typically get my hair cut by a friend back home, but I couldn't wait to get back home, so I rang her up to see if she had time for me. She was waiting on a customer who turned out to show up a little late - though she said she'd call me and I could come in if the customer didn't show - so I ended up arranging for an appointment the next day. I was really impressed with how she followed up (why don't people follow up this well? Obviously it gets business) and was very encouraged by such great communication.She's very genuinely nice and will gladly give you tips on how to take care of your hair. I have particularly difficult hair to care for and she did a wonderful job cutting my hair and styling it. Her prices are definitely reasonable! I will be coming back and sending my mom here, too!
5	Went yesterday with my daughter to get hair cuts and LOVED Athena!  She took what we envisioned and made it work with our hair types. She definitely knows hair! She did an amazing job and her prices are phenomenal!! Will definitely be back for color! Thanks for everyone's reviews that led us to her!
5	Great hair color, cut and great price ! Athena listened and helped and was very quick, thorough an friendly. You've got yourself a repeat customer! And I'm very very very picky! Especially about a cut ! Good job Athena ! And such a unique location, it's like an entire Buffett of hair salons and nails, message, spa's what ever you need this should be your one-stop shop! ;-)
4	I just moved to this side of town, and didn't know anyone to go to.  I worked as a stylist for 17 years, so I am a little harder to please, I am sure. I was not disappointed. Athena did a good job of listening, and I am happy with my cut.  Her prices are reasonable, and I am thrilled to find someone right off the bat!
5	Athena is the best hair stylist I have been to in years.  I have curly hair and it has been a nightmare finding someone who could give me a consistently great hair cut every time I saw them.  She definitely knows what to do to make my hair look good for a very reasonable price.  Win...win all around.
