2	This place is expensive and it closes super early. The sign outside says "LV Swim Shop" so I'm not sure if they've changed the name and not updated their info on-line or what. They rent scuba suits which seemed to be moderately priced but I would just suggest hitting up a bigger store with more options. This place is right beside Fruition.
1	Do not go here.  They give discounts to my son's swim coach's students. But then claimed they only give discounts to members of a certain team. Zero customer service. Very short sighted as I will spend my $$ elsewhere.
1	I placed an order with swim2000 through Buy.com on 1/03/12 to be shipped in 1 or 2 business days.  The order was shipped 1/09/12 because "the warehouse was closed for inventory" and will not arrive in time for my vacation departure.  LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE!
4	I didn't know there was a swim shop practically next door to UNLV!  How fortuitous, especially since I wanted to buy a pair of goggles to protect my eyes from my pool's chlorine.  The saleslady/owner, Isabelle, was lovely and took the time to explain how to ensure a perfect fit while showing me a few goggle contenders.  She was friendly, didn't pressure me to buy any brand or style of goggles, and didn't make me feel like she was in a hurry.  Admittedly, I don't know much about swimwear and swim accessories, but I'm happy with my $16 goggles and am looking forward to wearing them tomorrow.
5	This is a little swim shop on the corner of Maryland Parkway and Flamingo, next to Paymon's.  It may not seem like a lot from the outside, but the inside is packed with everything a swimmer needs, from swimwear for men, women, and kids, to kick boards, goggles, pull buoys, swim caps, books, DVDs, and watches. They even have wetsuit rentals.  I have found their prices to be cheaper than the sporting goods chains that sell swim stuff.  Swim 2000 also has a huge online component where you can order online and then pick up your gear at the store to save shipping.  Check out their vast selection at http://www.swim2000.com/  Come here for all your aquatic needs and get your swim on.
2	I came here looking for certain flotation device for my training in open water at Lake Mead. Unfortunately they never had it. It did give me the opportunity though too check out Swim 2000 for the first time. I guess they also have website if not able too find certain product. Aka for me would have been better off checking out online store. The store is really small although too there credit they do have lot of stuff crammed in it. I mean crammed in hardly any walking room really too check things out. They try too fit so much stuff in the store its hard too find anything specific.  I never visible saw change room if wanted too try on swim outfits.They had more female swim outfit then trunks for males. The one thing they did have great diversity of was swim goggles mostly TYR . I am fan of that brand. Own pair myself. I walking around feeling like this place is mess and just stuff all over unorganized. The service the lady checked me out was really nice. She explained too me about free membership that once you spend $400 worth you get $40 or something off the next purchase. I don't see myself getting up too that amount but good too know and the membership free last forever. The whole time trying too figure out layout and cluster of stuff no service too be around. Overall not fan of the service cause really should start from the minute step into the business till you leave...If something small that need on the fly would come back. Really see myself going too the online store instead save my gas and headache of finding anything at Swim 2000.
5	This little shop was beyond our expectations. We are currently in town for IM Silverman and realized we needed a swim speed suit instead of the wetsuit we brought (Lake Mead temps were in the high 70s!). We were short on time and found this shop, which is a swim shop, but the know their triathlon stuff for the swim portion! We met the owners, Isabelle and Bruno, who were SO helpful. There wasn't much options left because everyone was grabbing speed suits this week. Even though it was close to closing time (5:30 on weekdays and 10:00 to 4:00 on weekends) they stayed and just chatted with us. Bruno is the man in endurance sports, esp. for the area. Spend some time just to talk to him if you can-- both were so down-to-Earth, helpful, and very informative.
1	I bought a pair of $45 DMC swim fins from Swim 2000. After a few weeks of trying them out I realized they hurt my hip and knee. I stopped using them, and the pain disappeared. I called Swim 2000 customer service to see if I could return them. Their answer, "NO". Because, if you can imagine,  I had  used them in the water. Excuse me!? Can you  imagine? Actually using a pair of swim fins in the water!!?? So I am out $45 with absolutely no recourse and no way to get reimbursed. Stay away from Swim 2000. They do not care about their customers.  All they want to do is sell merchandise without any regard for the customer. Their customer service is horrible and not very helpful. I will tell all swimmers not to use them.
