4	Still top-of-the-line northern Italian. Fantastic, thin-crust pizza at very affordable prices. 9" pies (which are truthfully more like 11") start at $7.50 for plain cheese with additional toppings at half a buck each. Salads are cheap-ish and the house dressing (a unique creamy Italian) is subtle and satisfying. I've always had awesome service here as well-- and the pizza dude (owner?) slinging dough as you enter is a sweetheart.There's also some interesting wines on their short list, ranging up to $60 a bottle.
5	I have to put five *s for Portofino Eastway as the quality of the food is matched by the quality of service combined with the reasonable price.  Their specials are designed to impress the palate as well as your important guests. Everyday value is attainable in the pasta and pizza section along w/ a healthy lunch menu. I have a buddy from out of town who plans visits here that ensure we eat at "Portofinos". There you have it. I offer a strong recomendation for you to add this location to your restaurant choices.
5	One of the best pasta and pizza shops in town!!! They have 3 locations and they should have more!!! Chicken Portofino is excellent, they have a creamy pink sauce called bosciola which comes prepared with your choice of pasta, salads are always fresh and the house dressing is to die for it's some sort of creamy italian infused with hints of basil!!True NY style pizza prob one of the best spots in Charlotte! We have been going here for over 10 years!!! I'm a true foodie wouldn't steer ya wrong!
5	Portofino's is my favorite Italian Restaurant to eat at hands down. Everything from pastas to pizzas are complete bliss. The prices are pretty normal, and you certainly get your money's worth. Very classy atmosphere, great waiters and waitresses and, once again, incredible food! Definitely a must-eat-at kinda place (:
3	I have to say the food was great and at a great price too!  It made up for the angry server that we inconvenienced by coming in to dine.
4	Me and my friend wanted to change up our italian place we went to see Wicked and went to Portofinos.  Very good food, I had the Chicken Tarantino and Fried Calamari, both were excellent and quite a bargain for the price.  The salad was a little small and they didn't have the great breadsticks like Olive Garden but I suppose that's why Olive Garden is my favorite.  Still excellent food and would definitely go back!  Has an Amalfi's of Statesville feel but in Charlotte!
4	Love the pasta dishes however not a fan of the pizza. I usually stick to seafood, chicken or vegie dishes. They offer a good selection and great appetizers as well. The tomato sauce is light and everything is aways fresh. Several people like the pizza however I have had NY style pizza and theirs just did not match up. I actually tried a few different pizzas crust types and still did not find one I liked. With that said I just order pasta vs pizza and enjoy my meal. Service anywhere is always luck of the draw but mine has always been great there.
4	I ventured to Portofino's yesterday evening and so glad I did. I had the Marechare Tilapia special which included ,mussels, clams, scallops in a light white wine marinaria sauce. Yummy.
4	Portofino's is a hidden gem, wedged in a corner of a slightly sketchy strip mall.  The food is fantastic and extremely affordable.  We live down the street and I always forget Portofino's is so close, not anymore!  It was sooo good! A pasta dish runs about $11 and is a sizable portion.  The bruchetta was good, the tomatoes were a little boring (not enough garlic or spices) but the bread was perfect, crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle.  The pink sauce is absolutely freakin' fantastic.  it comes with peas and crunchy prosciutto. It is rich, creamy and has a perfect bite from the parmesan sprinkled on top.  I kept having to smack my boyfriends fork away after I gave him a taste, he kept trying to sneak more, he even kept trying to dunk bread into the sauce!  I am totally hooked on it.  The pizza prices are very reasonable, I plan on checking their pizza out next.
5	Took my parents to this location Christmas Eve for lunch.  Personally I'm a big lunch person because you pay less for almost the same amount of food as dinner time.  That aside, I've been a long time fan of Portofino's (SouthPark, Ayrsley & Eastway locations). There are days I literally CRAVE their pasta Mediterraneo (I always order mine with capellini).  For $7, you can't beat this.  Chopped seafood (definitely has calamari in it) with mussels and all stirred up in a creamy pink sauce... this is my FAV pasta choice.  And yes, I almost always order this dish, which is soooo against my normal rule of trying new things.Don't forget their bread, which is baked freshly... and a little tip: dip it in their house salad dressing!  OMG... it's awesome! (NOTE: if you are allergic to garlic, or don't like garlic, or don't want to smell like garlic, don't attempt this... but then why on earth are you in an italian restaurant?!)Their other dishes are good too.  Pizza is huge, and was told to be very authentic NY style.  At my old work we used to order them for lunch, and the cheese would slide all over the place by the time I got it back to work because it's so fresh and hot (hence I'm not a pizza delivery person)This location isn't as "fancy" looking, but it's close to my home.  For more romantic outings... you may want to drive a little further to the Park Road or Ayrsley location.
5	Wow. WOW. WoW! wOw! w0w! WOWZERZ! woooooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! Any way you say it, Wow is the first word that comes to mind with this place. Sure, the parking lot always said "MUG ME", but after my dinner tonight at Portofino's on Eastway, I'll never look at this shopping center the same.Came in around 6:30 on Saturday and this place was jumpin! Lots of couples, and a few families, we were seated immediately and started off with the Capri - buff.mozz, tomatoes, basil, mushrooms, roasted red peppers and oil/vin/spices. Everything was great, the portion was definitely big enough to split between 4 (there were only 2 of us), and the homemade bread that came out with it.... ohhhh madre, it was excellent. Everything was fresh and well seasoned. I chose to go with the Mediterrano (w/ the pink sauce and Capelinni) due to the other reviews about it and whoa - 5 stars! Light, flavorful and multi-leveled, the pink sauce was just as good as my Nana's and I've never been able to compare her to anyone! My date went with the Scilian pizza with sausage and onions. $14.00 for the biggest pizza I have seen in recent memory. He loved it, and we've got the left overs so I'm excited to try it tomorrow (I was too busy making "MMMM" sounds to my pasta to try his pizza).The grand finale left me speechless: THE CANOLI. We ordered 1 each and I swear I could have eaten 15. Filled completely through, sprinkled with powdered sugar and cocao, this canoli was a gift from the gods. I can't remember the last time I had a canoli this good was, and it makes me want to never try anywhere else's canolis because this was just the tip top of the mountain and nothing else is going to ever compare. I'm serious. I'M SERIOUS FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THINGS HOLY - this canoli was just amazing.Service was great, speedy and kind. Parking is easy, abeit a little rough looking. Portofino's, I love you and I love you even more since you're a few blocks from my home. If I ever sell, I will be sure to note you in my ads as a "plus" to homeownership around here! :)
1	Valentines dinner.  The waitress did not bring my salad prior to entre ..no big deal.  The new back waiter spilled my childs tea on the plate and table. No big deal my child was in the restroom.  Problem when I asked the server to please comp the salad she was like well its included.  I said thats fine could you please comp my teas then.  I also explained the back waiter never mopped up the spilled tea that was all over one side of the table.  He just took the plate and cup and never wiped up the spilled tea.  I had to go to another table to get a chair to seat my child when he returned from the restroom because his side of the table was covered with tea.  So the waitress comes back and said she couldn't take off the teas because her boss gets really upset about that kind of thing once its already rung up. So my review is low and I will not go back.   Its a shame that I was so understanding and nothing was comp'ed.
4	I had a huge, insurmountable craving for a salad slathered in Italian dressing last night. I was alone, so I did something kind of shameful...I set out to find the Olive Garden that was tucked away off of Independence Blvd. I found it, but much to my salad-craving chagrin, it was closed. Closed, gone the way of other Independence Blvd. businesses. So no unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks for me. I started thinking of where I might find some affordable, but good Italian food, and I remembered Portofino's. It's not in the nicest shopping center ever, but the food is really good, and the prices are very reasonable. For $13 or so, I got stuffed shells, a soda, crusty bread, and a delicious, delightful salad. I was pleased.The servers were friendly, and the service was quick. There was no line to wait, either, even on a busy Saturday night...so it's a far better option than some of the "fancier" Italian restaurants. Yes, this shopping center is kind of creepy, but Portofino's is worth it.
4	First time visit, though we've lived in the area for 2+ years. Expected very typical red-sauce place, but was happily surprised all around with quality of the food and variety!  Very friendly and attentive service, just what you'd hope for in a truly neighborhood place. Food was very good, two adults had pasta - linguine was high quality and cooked to al dente greatness, sauces were yummy, portions were (overly) plentiful. only suggestion for the Brasciola sauce was more peas! As all the other favorable reviews said, the bread was outstanding (pizza bakers know how to make great bread). We'll be back for sure!
5	I love Portofino's from the bottom of my big, last name ends in a vowel that's not an E, partially Italian heart. Their pizza, it is perfect. Not too doughy, not too much sauce, no weird flavors, not to greasy. Just delicious.I hadn't tried their other dishes until yesterday though, and if the pasta puttanesca and pasta with garlic and broccoli are any indication I need to start working my way through their menu pants size by pants size.This location may not be in the most inviting shopping center but it is close to my home and my office and I generally pick up my food to go so really I'm not worried (besides, the police are a few doors down in the same strip mall).Portofino's straight up delivers the outstanding quality I demand if I'm going out for Italian and I thank it for doing so.
3	Just a whole bunch of yum going on at Portofino's. Arrived at the South park location at 6:30 on a Friday - they don't take reservations- and the place was already pretty busy for dinner, but we were able to be seated right away.Attentive service.Huge portions ( like 2 meals worth of leftovers huge)Delicious specialsAlthough the pasta dishes looked fantastic, I opted for the Seafood Pescatore special. Risotto with a touch of marinara and laden with fruits from the sea - including a half filet of salmon on top.It was divine as was the Ahi Tuna special served with a side of polenta with a creamy pepper sauce.Delicious bread and decent wine list rounded out the dining experience..If you're in the mood for Italian, head to Portofino's.And go hungry or stay home!
5	I generally don't hang out on Eastway Drive, but over the years, I have been to this location many times for lunch and I'm a fan!   I really prefer this location of Portofino's over the other locations.  For me, the food is much better here and so is the service. The first time I went here, I was picking up some pizzas to take back to the office.  As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a couple of Italian-Americans whipping up some crazy good pizzas.  The smell of the place told me that I was gonna love the pizza, and I did! So, my next visit was for a lunch meeting. We had a great waitress who kept our glasses filled and brought plenty of bread while we were waiting for our entrees.  On my first dine-in visit, I had one of their specials -  it was chicken lasagne with a white sauce.  Man, was it good!  The portion was huge, so I  had a nice second meal!  Everything I have eaten at this location has been absolutely fabulous and there is no pretentious atmosphere.
4	best italian food i've had in Charlotte, the pizzas are great, the puttanesca is some of the best i've had, the chicken gorgonzola is no joke, and the tiramisu even my old italian dad loved when he visited.
5	My advice is to eat in and splurge on the daily specials.  You will not be disappointed!
5	Hands down the best NY style pizza in Charlotte--and available by the slice! Just walk in and you'll instantly know you're in a real NY pizza joint.
4	This is my go to for Italian food.  I love the Pizza and the salad with house dressing is where it's at.
3	It was ok. Picked up a pizza, pepperoni and mushroom. The dough is a little too thick in places and The sauce is sweet. It's less than mile away so I would consider returning but overall un-impressed.
3	I wasn't impressed with the location of this Portofino's but overall it was a decent experience. Our waitress was very nice and the prices were reasonable. We had their pizza which was pretty good. However, had they used fresher ingredients for their toppings it would have been a lot better. All in all it was a nice last minute decision on a Friday night when we didn't have any reservations.
4	After a long day of grad-school interviewing, I needed some comfortable Italian food, and Portofino's provided. The bread was always warm and really good. I loved the house sun-dried tomato basil salad dressing--it was so delicious, it almost tasted like a stand alone pasta sauce. I got penne pasta with their primavera sauce and it was so freaking good. Creamy, cheesy, perfect medley of flavors. The boyfriend got a cheesy red sauce concoction and really enjoyed it. We both had plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day--win! Our server was AWESOME (wish I remembered her name, she deserves a shout-out). The pours of house wine were generous. I was super pleased with everything about this place, and would enjoy bringing guests of any kind back.
4	When you can't make it to Italy for a slice of pie, the next best thing is the pizza at Portofino's. Fresh cheese, just the right amount of sauce and handmade dough combine to create the perfect slice of pizza with a semi-salty bite.  On more than one occasion I have created dinner out of a slice of $2 cheese pizza and a tossed salad with their House dressing, that is hands down the best dressing in town. I have no idea what they put in it, but it keeps me coming back!   Oh, and the cannolis are the best in town!
4	My fallback here is always the lasagna. Unbelievable and enough to feed me for three days. Get the house dressing for your salad. YUM. Hafta say their pizza didn't knock my socks off, so I'm sticking to the pasta dishes.The cooks and staff are always accommodating and friendly. A good casual place to get your Italian fix.
4	Craving delicious Italian food, no bells, and on the cheap?  Portofino's on Eastway Drive is your ticket.This is the ORIGINAL location in Charlotte, and far less crowded than the Park Rd. location.  And personally, I think the food is better.  We began with an appetizer of roasted red peppers and sliced mozzarella.  There was lots of it, and it really hit the spot. All entrees come with a house salad.  I am in love with their house dressing.  It reminds me more of a creamy French meets Italian dressing.  For my entree, I ordered the the clams in a white sauce over linguine.  This is my go-to Italian dish.  It is overflowing with clam meat (or clam flesh? ew) and in a scrumptious white wine and butter sauce.  WAY too much for me to eat in one sitting.  Hello lunch for the next 2 days!The wine prices are some of the cheapest I have ever seen.   I am fairly certain they only offer  wine and beer.  So pick your poison.  It is so good.  I will be back for sure.
5	My co-workers and I came here for lunch. I've been to the one on Park Road and this place offers the subtle, homey feel that the other location did not. We had 25+ people with us and the restaurant was packed (always a good sign of delicious food). The staff was very accommodating and patient.It was a Friday and I could not eat meat because of Lent. The waiter suggested the "Mediteraneo," which is mixed seafood pasta in a creamy pink sauce. There is a selection of pasta types to choose from including Cappellini, Linguini, Fettuccini, Penne, or Spaghetti Noddles. I chose penne. This was HANDS DOWN, the most amazing pasta dish I have ever had! I am so sorry if you are not a seafood fan, but I'm sure this dish could sway you. I COULD NOT STOP EATING!! The waiter consistently asked how I liked my dish (since he recommended it), which was incredibly sweet. Overall: great food, great setting and great service!As we left, I saw that they had Tiramasu on display (my all-time favoritteeee dessert!) so I HAVE to come back and try that! The Mediteraneo dish convinced me that everything else on the menu must be just as amazing! =)
5	Great Italian food! Add this place to your must go to list!!
3	Portofino's is your basic, non-pretentious red sauce restaurant. As long as you know that, you won't be disappointed. They do standard Italian dishes well (perhaps I should say Italian-American?). The veal marsala is great, as is the bolognese.Having said all that, the Eastway location is the best one, IMHO. The (now closed) Gastonia one wasn't nearly as good, and I hear that the Park Road one isn't as good, either.
4	Ive had two meals here and both where outstanding i eat here whenever i am working in the area and it never disappoints. would recommend to anyone
5	I used to work in this part of town and I miss eating here regularly. Whenever the old Shamrock crowd gets together, we meet here because:1. Best pizza in town, regular cheese or white pizza, lots of toppings too;2. Great pasta dishes - capellini primavera, linguini with clam sauce, lasagna;3. warm, fresh bread with butter or evoo;4. Nice salads and a delicious house dressing;5. easily seats large groups;6. friendly, attentive service;7. large extensive menu (and I always say that I am going to try something new but I always order my usual 'cause it's been too long since I have had it!)Someday I am going to order the cheesesteak because I've read so much about it.I love this restaurant!
5	Visited this restaurant with recommended review from yelp.  Yes, this is a good place.  Wine @$5/glass reasonable.  The waiter was very professional and helpful to my friend who didn't know what to order.  The food is very good and the portion is good size and we enjoy the bread that I dipped with olive oil.Definitely I will come back again.
5	My favorite Italian place in Charlotte is Portofino. They have several locations including in east Charlotte and in south Charlotte on Park Road. The Eastway location is nostalgic for me as I went there on occasion as a youngster. The bread is fabulous - served warm with real butter. I also really like the orange colored dressing that they serve with their salads and all of the pasta dishes are great, especially the seafood selections. If you're ever in the mood for Italian in Charlotte, you should definitely give this a try.
5	I had visited the Portofino's on Park Rd several years ago and wasn't wowed.  It was just okay Italian.  I also wasn't crazy about the atmosphere...or lack thereof.  So when my partner suggested we try out the Portofino's on Eastway for lunch one day, I was very skeptical.  "The rundown plaza in the sketchy part of town where even Walmart moved out of?" was my response.  We went for lunch and I was literally blown away.  While the location and plaza it's in is suspect, walking into Portofino's, I felt much more assured.  It offered a nice, quaint atmosphere, much better than the one on Park Rd, I think.   We were immediately greeted by several smiling staff members and the dining room was already starting to fill up with people on their lunch breaks.  Although Portofino's has a large authentic Italian menu with very reasonable prices already, we both opted for one of their equally reasonably priced lunch specials.  My partner had the mushroom ravioli with a reddish cream sauce.  I tried the sauce (I'm not a fan of fungi) and it was delicious and very flavorful.  I ordered the gnocchi special with tomatoes, mozzarella, garlic, and basil.  It, too, had a sauce that was oh-so-flavorable.  It wasn't exactly creamy, but close to it.  I absolutely loved it.  We also ordered small Caesar salads to start (for not much more) and our server brought us some delicious warm bread that we finished up by sopping up our leftover sauces.  All in all, it was a fantastic experience and our server was super-efficient and very friendly.  I have a newfound respect for Portofino's on Eastway.  I can't say I'd go there at nighttime, but during daylight hours, I'd be happy to any day of the week.
2	Stopped in a few times for 2 slices of pizza when in that area paying my Duke bill. The last time, the guy at the counter was typically unenthused & rudely abrupt in taking my order.  I understand that people may have a bad day here & there, and I will usually cut a business some slack, especially if I like the product. I never jump to conclusions. Still, the look in this guy's eyes this last time convinced me that though the pizza is good, I will no longer patronize this business that treats me like my presence is tolerated only for a quick & profitable transaction.
4	I was a little hesitant about this place based on its location in a generally depressing part of town, however I've eaten here twice now and have been taught a lesson about judging a restaurant by its strip mall. The owners and managers are an authentic Italian family, and it shows. I like to hear them talk from the kitchen but the noise level in the restaurant is comfortable and makes for easy conversation. I'm a sucker for pasta so the first time I went I ordered the manicotti--it was great but not too exciting (though how exciting can manicotti be, really?), but I had enough leftovers for lunch the next day. The next time I had the tortellini alfredo and it was HEAVENLY--the sauce was perfectly creamy, the ham and onions fresh, and the pasta cooked perfectly. And the portion was HUGE! My partner got a large calzone and said it was also great but there was way too much of it, which is always a great complaint about a restaurant, if you ask me. Their dishes are fairly priced and possibly even a little underpriced considering the portions...bring your appetite!The restaurant itself is small and a little dim, but seems clean enough. The service on my first visit was great, our server was very helpful and patient even though they were about a half hour from closing time. On my second visit we had a different server whom I suspect may have been new to the job, he was a little over-attendant and could never hear what we were saying, even though the restaurant was near-empty and quiet. He was nice, though, and they are very accommodating if you want to change something on the menu or have a specific request. I would definitely recommend Portofino's to anyone looking for authentic Italian cuisine, and I'm always looking forward to going back myself.PS: Every time I visit, I feel like I'm in an episode of The Sopranos. And that is a compliment.
4	My wife and I (along with two of our closest friends in Charlotte) went to Portofinos on Christmas Eve, for the very first time. We were craving Italian food, but didn't want a chain restaurant vibe and found ourselves here. The dining area was nice and seemed inviting. Similar to the more authentic Italian places in the Washington, D.C. Area (where I'm from) the servers were a bit older, which was cool. Our server and food runners were very helpful an attentive, and gave excellent entree recommendations. The dining crowd that night consisted of mostly families and it was a lively bunch. The meal came with salad and bread. Both of which were fine. My entree (chicken Portofino) first of all was pretty huge and excellent!  I usually finish my entrees in restaurants, but I had to take it home. It was delicious that night and pretty darn delicious for lunch the next day too. The rest of our party enjoyed their meals as well. We also found the meal to be very reasonable. Not pricey at all. So oversll, the food was great, the service was great, and the price was great. I cannot wait to take my parents there when they visit. In fact, I can't wait that long, I'll be back there very soon! :)
4	It was delicious. The pizza was tasty and crust was fresh. Lasagna was just ok. I would go back for sure.
4	STELLAR CHEESESTEAKS, that are almost too pretty to eat. They feature soft, plentiful steak, onions, peppers, and mushrooms, topped by a generous amount of melted provolone. Even the bread is perfect, soft on the inside with a great crust. The sandwich is HUGE. This is still the best cheesesteak that I've eaten in the Queen City, and maybe anywhere.Portofino's has great pasta and I love their multiple veal dishes. Their house salad is loaded with green olives, strong on the vinegar, and definitely an acquired taste. I will admit that I have grown to love their salads, even though they're simplistic. Professional service by waiters who are serious about their job. Every time that I've eaten here the service has been simply first class in all respects. The desserts are beautifully made and delicious. Linen on the tables and silverware, instead of cheapo plastic utensils. Area code size parking.
5	My wife and I both grew up in Charlotte, but she had never tried Portofino's as her world revolved around south Charlotte before we got married while I first discovered Portofino's while commuting to UNCC and later moving to the UNCC area.I told my wife for 2 years she needed to try out Portofino's and once I got her to go...she suggested we go back again within a week saying some of the best Italian food she's ever had.  I think perhaps the best eggplant parm in town.Portofino's is really a hidden gem where every friend I've taken turns into an instant fan.  The food is every bit as good as Maggiano's over at South Park and better than the lesser competition like Carrabba's or Olive Garden.
5	You just can't find a better pizza in Charlotte for the $ than at Portofino's.  Their large cheese for $13.00 feeds my family of five, and a few side salads with their awesome house dressing, and we are all set. Its a weekly tradition I in my house.  I have a tendency to carry out, but every time we have eaten in over the years, we havethoroughly enjoyed the service, and have had some very tasty pasta dishes as well.  As noted elsewhere, this is not a fancy or pretentious place, just great food served by people who work hard to make the best italian meal you can find for the price in Charlotte.
5	First off, this whole review is based off To-Go, so I just wanted to note this.....I grew up in New York and just moved to Charlotte from just outside New York City....basically Italian Central!  I have ate a ton of great Italian food and am Italian myself.When I walked into Portofino, I felt like I was back in Westchester!  Slices on the counter, garlic knots....all of the good stuff.I have not had the pizza, but have tried a few dinners.  The stuffed shells were awesome, and included a huge portion!  The chicken Parm was great, and again huge portion.  All meals are served with a salad (delicous homemade "house" dressing and a full small loaf of freshly baked bread.This place is in a somewhat sketch plaza on Eastway.....it's kinda weird that it's there, but that doesn't really matter!  It is my new "Go to" Italian spot when I want a taste of home.
5	I have had take out and dine in here and I just love this place. It is a quaint little Italian place where the atmosphere make you feel like you are in Italy. So far I have had most all types of pizza here, chicken parmigiana, lasagna, salads, pretty much almost the whole menu. Take out is great too, even they way they pack your food. I can call it in on my way home from work and its always ready. I am fortunate to live a mile away from here. If you get the chance visit this place or order take out. It is great food at a great price, and customer service is always great!
5	Finally we've found Italian that we like in this city!!  We live close to Portifino's, but have been putting off going there.  We had a pretty bad experience with Dolce, and had been told that good Italian is an impossibility in Charlotte.  I had a good feeling about this place when I walked in the door.  It smelled amazing, and had that perfect non pretentious atmosphere that a good Italian place should have.  I ended up ordering the Tortellini Alfredo, and my special lady friend had the Chicken Sorrento.  Both were amazing.  It made the other Italian I've had in Charlotte look like Chef Boyardee.  It was difficult, but somehow we managed to reign back and save a little room for dessert.  We had the Cannoli, and the Tiramisu.  The filling in the Cannoli almost brought a tear to my eye.  The Tiramisu was a huge portion, and was some of the best I've ever had.  All in all I plan on this place being our go to Italian, and I can't wait to go back and try their pizza!
4	I admit, I have lived reasonably close to Portofino's for almost 2 years and never once even seriously considered driving here.  Why, you may ask?  I have been told by many a person that you can't get decent, reasonably-priced Italian food here.  However, I can't imagine that the people who told me this had ever sat foot inside this little slice of paradise.This place is flippin' awesome!  I rarely ever order or eat marinara sauce at restaurants; however, Portofino's has some of the best marinara I've ever eaten in my life.  It is such a perfect balance of flavors paired with high quality ingredients, without the need of complicated flavors to mask low-quality ingredients.  It's not too sweet, not too salty, and has a great tomato flavor.  On the first trip, I ordered the Chicken Sorrento, which included a large chicken breast.  Not only did the food taste fresh and flavorful, the portions were definitely big enough for dinner and plenty of leftovers for the next day.  My partner ordered the Tortellini Alfredo, which was very rich and satisfying.  For dessert, we ordered the cannoli and the tiramisu.  The filling in the cannoli was very rich and sweet, yet the shell was still crisp and not soggy.  The tiramisu was magical - the best I've ever had.  The marscapone was very smooth-tasting and the coffee flavor was not overpowering.  On the second visit, we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms.  Again, I loved the sauce, but the crust was a little too thin in places to hold up to the toppings.  I will definitely say they do NOT skimp on the toppings and cheese, which was super.  The sauce and crust were wonderful otherwise, and this is a pretty solid place to get pizza.  We also ordered the garlic knots, which were drizzled with buttery-oil mixture and garlic.  They were a little too small to adequately absorb all the flavors, but they were decent.As for service and decor, this place is amazing.  Our waitress was so helpful and sweet to us, I just adored her.  While the plaza that houses this restaurant looks slightly (or moderately) questionable, this place is very open and nice-looking on the inside.  I loved the decor, with comfortable tables and an open look inside.  I am sad I did not try this place sooner, but now that I know it's there, I have a bad feeling I'll be going there too often.  I may possibly dream of their marinara sauce tonight.
4	I've been wanting to try out a new pizza place, but it makes it hard when I have Villa Francesca and Hawthorne's close by.  My friend told me about Portofino's, telling me it was his favorite spot for a NY style pie.  I gave them a call last Saturday night when we felt like staying in for the night.Don't be disturbed by the shopping center it's located in.  It's one grungy, depressing area.  I already knew that ahead of time, so it didn't bother me.  There were a few guys behind the counter, but the bald guy with the heavy Italian accent was funny as hell.  He asked me about my day and if I had any plans for the 4th of July holiday.  I told him about my plans and he wished me well and to be safe.  I didn't really expect such a nice, warm greeting.  That's customer service!The pizza was great too.  A perfect NY style pie.  I was just in NYC last month, so I've got street cred!  There's a reason this place has 4.5 stars.  I think this might be my favorite pizza in CLT now, but I need to try it out a few more times before I go that far.  I'm pretty sure I'll be bumping it up to 5 stars in the not too distant future.
5	Best pizza ever! Fast, friendly and funny staff. We love Portofino's on Eastway!
5	Just went here for a date night, and will definitely be coming back when we are in the mood for Italian. Food: Really reasonable prices for the huge portions of food. The quality of the pasta, tastiness of the sauces, ceasar salad fixings, and homemade bread were all amazing. Shrimp Parmesan gets two thumbs up. Split an appetizer, salad, bread, and entree and took home a full meal for leftovers. Wine: Selection was okay. Mostly 6/glass and 24/bottle, all Italian. The reds we got were tasty.Atmosphere: NY stlye pizza counter when you first walk in, then it becomes a quaintly decorated Italian themed place, lighted well and romantic.Service: Exceptional!!
5	Perfect pizza!  Found this place on Yelp on the way out of the Charlotte Airport. It looked so good I actually turned around and back-tracked a few miles. So glad that I did!  Friendly staff and great food!  Real Italian food - from a guy who grew up in Jersey b
5	Incredible house salad dressing and what may be the best spaghetti with meat sauce I've ever had.  This restaurant has several locations in Charlotte.
3	Why is Italian food kind of hard to find in Charlotte? Plenty of Mexican places. After yelping some Italian joints I saw Portofino's come up with rave reviews. This place is right next to the Atlantic Farmer's Market. I've always assumed the whole strip mall stunk due to how it smells in Atlantic Farmer's Market, which is awful in case you were wondering. Portofino's is nice inside and doesn't really fit the area it is in but maybe that is what makes it special. We got salads to go with our carbs and asked for Italian dressing. Our server told us the house was their Italian but it was creamy and had egg yolks in it. Okay, game on. The dressing was pretty bland but with some salt and pepper I know it's got potential.My date got the fettuccine primavera and I got the fettuccine casalinga. The caslinga is marinara, peas, and veal. I asked if I could opt out of the marinara for pink sauce since I've had an aversion to restaurant marinaras all my life. Our server allowed me to make the switch which was cool. I thought it was good on first bite but then began to realize how much cheese/cream/salt was in it. It was sickening by the third bite. The veal on it was tender and very good. My date wanted to switch plates but then realized how rich my dish was as well. His primavera was quite good and the broccoli in it seemed fresh. Both of our pastas were al dente. The primavera with my dish's veal would have made for some Optimus Prime level shit. I boxed the fettuccine caslinga up and added a half cup of water to it on the stove top the next day, it came out perfect. We also got garlic bread, and it was a lot (portion wise) for what we paid for but I kind of felt like I was eating carpet dust. No IN YOUR FACE garlic factor either. I wanted to order the clams casino but I was still weary of the fact that we were in a seedy strip mall. How good could seedy strip mall clams casino really be?Honestly, give this place a shot. One of our pastas (primavera) was excellent and the other one would have been if the salt/cream was toned down a bit. Portofino's is kind of like the underdog kickball team, which makes them likable, but not the best. They just need a little more practice.
4	My go to Italian spot! I've never been disappointed by this place. The location is a bit odd, but whatever. The service is attentive & quick. My favorite is their baked ziti. For only $10 you get a huge helping, plus a salad & bread. Plus they put green olives on their salad..its the little things for me.
5	Portofino's is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. It's affordable, fresh, tasty food with great service from accommodating staff. I used to only order chicken alfredo which isn't even on the menu at Portofino's and the kitchen was always very kind to make it for me anyway. BEST ALFREDO SAUCE IN CHARLOTTE! Now I tend to order off the menu (garlic and broccoli with penne all day!!!) and eat on the leftover for at least two more meals.I largely wanted to write this review in response to previously mentioned safety concerns for the area. I may be a bit biased because I grew up in this neighborhood and still visit it frequently, but I'm not sure where the fear comes from...I mean, this parking lot is shared with a police station... I'm a petite female in my twenties and I have never once felt unsafe or threatened here or across the street where the Ross is and I have visited that Food Lion on more than one occasion late at night. Please do not let your suspicions about the safety of the neighborhood keep you from this gem! I am always afraid that I will lose my favorite Italian Restaurant because they can't stay afloat on that side of town.Give them a try!! You will not be disappointed.
5	My husband and I are new to the Charlotte.  While there are numerous places to eat, not all are worth the money. We didn't have any expectations going in but beyond pleased leaving. We both had Chicken Parmesan. It was the best I've ever tatsed. We spent under 40 dollars and had lots of food to take home. The serving was a large one. The atmosphere was relaxing and the Sangria Wine was absolutely wonderful.  Our waiter was patient and very knowledgeable of the menu and specials. We will definitely return!
5	One of Charlotte's best kept secrets on Eastway?  Maybe so, I never would have ever went into this place if my cousin told me how great it was. I did not know that they were affiliated with the other Charlotte locations. I love how they have some of the best "New York Style Pizza" in Charlotte. Most places that claim they have the best have garbage in my opinion. The service is really great as well, our server would come by every few minutes to check on us and we would chat with him for a good bit too. Dining in makes me feel I am in a Romano's to some extent. The subs are good, I generally would get the meatball one.
3	A hidden spot in a not so hot part of town.  This place was recommended by friends and we've dined in a time or two.  They have a few key servers that have worked for them for several years.  If you're lucky enough to get one of them you will have phenomenal service.  If not, you may find yourself waiting for refills and such for longer than desired.  The pizza is about what you'd expect; typical "New York Style" pizza but quite greasy.  The bread served at the table is AMAZING and is even better if you ask for a side of their house dressing for dipping!  Trust me on this one!  I've tried a few other menu items beyond the pizza.  Some good, some not so good.  It all depends on your taste and familiarity.  Most dishes that I didn't like were the result of me branching out to try a little something new.  All in all, it's decent Italian food.  I was a little put off during my last trip by the servers attempt to "charge" for a refill of the bread basket for the table.  Had never heard of such nonsense before.  Seriously?  Can I see a manager please?  That's what I thought!
4	Had the baked ziti, good sized portions and delicious all the way through.  The fresh baked bread is as good as any dessert that is served.  Super friendly staff and a great place for lunch.
5	Why did I wait so long to try this place?  Admittedly, the location doesn't jump out at you.  Portofino's is located in a strip mall off of Eastway Drive.  The interior is small, but lovingly decorated in the Italian style.  The music compliments the decor.  Our server was the nicest man!  He said, " you look like a wine drinker," and offered me a sample of an Italian red that wasn't on the menu.  So good, and it was only $6.00!My friend got the pasta fagoli soup, and a pasta dish featuring salmon.  I ordered the Gorgonzola tortellini minus the grilled chicken strips.  Our meals came with bread and salads, featuring some if the tastiest blue cheese dressing.  My plentiful dish was so good that I could have drunk the sauce if my manners were subpar.  My leftovers were boxed, and my husband will have a special lunch tomorrow.When we left, the entire staff said goodbye and thank you.  It is so rare to have everyone smile at you.  Southern hospitality Italian style!
5	How oh how have I not reviewed Portofino's yet?We have been going here for years. It is a great, local Italian restaurant. The pizza is ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS (the quottro is our favorite). All of their pizza is delicious. The seafood pizza is surprisingly good. I honestly think this is probably the best pizza in Charlotte.Go sometime for the other dishes- everything is good. Don't get sucked into thinking it is just pizza.The owners/staff are warm, hilarious, hospitable and genuinely get to know you. We have had a good/ongoing rapport with most of the staff for years now. They treat us very well. If you become a regular- they will treat you like family. The house salad is really, really good. The dressing is homemade. DIP YOUR CRUST IN THE DRESSING. My only complaint? They don't deliver
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover and don't let the strip center location of Portofino's discourage you from giving them a try. The food and service are wonderful. I was lucky enough to visit on a night where veal osso buco was on the specials board. It was very tender and the side of gnocchi and gravy was equally awesome. My wife loved the chicken parm and the kids were more than happy with the meatballs and pasta. Wine prices were fair and the salads were fresh. The atmosphere is warm and casual. The staff was more than attentive. We will definitely be back.
4	Nice Italian restaurant with a good menu. A bit pricey compared to other restaurants in the immediate area, but a better restaurant. A nice place to take the family for a special occasion.They also offer take-out, and have a separate take-out counter. I like their pizza.
1	Worst pizza. The pizza was soggy and bland. No quality here.....and the place is a dump.  If you have the option to go to Hawthornes do it. I'd even settle for house of pizza
4	I love they're food, but the two guys behind the counter never smile even when you speak to them.  They look like and act like they work for the Mafia.  The wait staff also seem to be tense, which is understandable working for those guys.  If you want great, fresh Italian food, you'll love it, just don't expect great customer service.
5	I grew up in a household where every Friday night was pizza night. I still crave a good slice (or 3) on Fridays. Portofino's has great hand-tossed thin crust pizza. They use a tomato sauce that is light and has a great flavor. I usually do carry-out and appreciate that there is a separate counter and cash register for this. Portofino's is a solid choice in our Friday-night-pizza lineup.
5	My husband choose this place because of the stars on yelp. He wanted to go somewhere different for date night. We were not disappointed at all. We had the calamari.  I had the chicken gorgonzola, he had the chicken parm. I took the tiramisu to go. Our waiter was a sweetheart. We are so going back.
3	Will never ever return to this location again. I've been coming to Portofino's for over 10 years. Never been so disappointed. I always get shrimp Fra Diavolo with a mix of marinara and Alfredo. First time ever (actually second, same rude waiter different location) the waiter insisted that I had to get a side of Alfredo and be charged 3.25. Ok fine. So then my salad got an extra dressing $1, croutons $1, cheese $1. When the bill came it showed 55.60. I added it up four times came to 52.60 waiter said its because they didn't have the buttons to add the dressing, cheese and croutons. So why are they charging me for it. I'll never come back here, long long time customer lost. Food was good as usual. Had this same issue with this waiter before the other waiter said don't worry it's his last day. Just to realize he only moved to another location.
4	My son turned 21 and wanted pizza. Are you serious?!. We are not in Chicago buddy!We sat in the driveway with all five kids for about 25 minutes while I searched on Yelp! for a decent pizza place. Criteria being good, not too fancy, or expensive.We narrowed it down to this place and finally headed out with hungry monsters in tow.What is up with restaurants in mall strips? It really give us pause as to whether to enter or not. Sorry. I'm not from around here so I'm still adjusting.Well, we ventured with our ravenous pack and was seated immediately. Ordered our drinks and appetizers. Then two pan pizzas. I appreciated the quick and attentive service.Loved the mozerally sticks. Bruschetta was missing something but decent.As for the pan pizzas- delicious! Cheese tasted fresh. Sauce was flavorful and not overbearing. Crust was buttery and thick. Little monsters transformed into happy satisfied saints. We left full and happy.Birthday dinner for my now adult child was a success.Guess where we are ordering our pizzas when the Chicago Bears are playing?
1	I called in a supreme pizza and they said 15 minutes. I picked it up. I opened it at home. The pizza was soft, doughy, and basically inedible. I called to let them know they might want to adjust their cook times and he said "so what do you want".I thought I was being helpful or they would care about customer service. I've defended them for years and will always love their house dressing but their pizzas to go are bad and whoever is managing should know how bad their customer service is. I won't be back.
1	Bring your own ranch! They charge $1.00 for ranch. Food is OK but service SUX. E for effort.
2	We took a family party of 8 to Portofino's tonight, having enjoyed it several times in the past. No one was waiting when we arrived, and the hostess pointed to a large table that was finishing up, saying that we would be seated in 10 to 15 minutes after the table was cleaned. When the party left, the hostess led a party of 10, who had arrived well after us, to that table. We were told that they were going to push two tables together for us and it would just be a few minutes longer. When another party was seated at the only empty table, my dad asked how much longer it would be, and the hostess rudely said, "We don't have a table for you. You can wait 30 minutes or leave." We chose to leave and won't be back.
