1	To sum this whole paragragh up......"BAR" = DUMP, WIFE = SKANKY LESBIAN RUDE BIOTCH, Bands suck, the most sober gets everyone else kicked out...never happens, Cheap for a reason thats the only way they get the money. Spend more get better!This "Bar" is a dump! The owner's wife is an idiot! She's running this bar to the ground! If you want to have a good night forget going to this bar you'll get nothing but a horriable nightmare! It's not even a biker bar.....maybe if your 60 or older but under the age of 35 don't go! This is a warning! We went one about a month ago and the owner's wife drunk as hell and start's yelling at my wife check this out through the cracks of the bathroom stall telling her not to use all her toilet paper. So we decided we wouldn't go there again, then again we decide it's very dirt cheap so lets go back well last night we did what dumb mistake! We start there with an old crappy band, and then decide lets play pool put 75 cents in the machine, one ball is missing, can't play with one ball missing so we decide oh well lets just play take away the other color ball, we start playing and all the balls got stuck, and the pool sticks had no tips we had to share a stick. When we decided to complain that we couldn't play anymore because the table was broken 1st she decides to say it's not broken I just got this fixed.....well we didn't break it so idiot someone did. While she's away one of my friends decided to get the balls off the table and "punches the balls" she comes out yelling it costed her $600 to get it fixed and was making a big deal over the balls even though thats the whole point your supposed to hit the balls....with a crappy stick! She yells at my friends then comes to me and my wife even though were no where near her and starts yelling at my wife through me. She says everytime you guys come here theres a problem....and includes when you left last time you left trash...oh I'm sorry forgot this was a prissy bar where the owner is LAZY doesn't want to do her job or pay for it.....but she can "FIX" a pool table. I said what? and she keeps going then decides to call me a drunk....when she's the worse person in the whole bar, and I was the D.D. how the hell was I drunk? Then she keeps going when I'm clearly ignoring her so finally I asked why she was still talking to shut up and she said don't tell me to shut up. I told her it's okay you just lost $100+ a night from us so thats fine you'll never see us again so she decides because were leaving to say you guys are 86'ed really? Because your drunk ass can't handle the sitiuation. She ruin's everyone's night even the person that is not saying anything.....She's an old lesbian even though she claimed she's been faithful for 4 years and then asked my wife if she's jealous that she's making out with other woman on the pool tables....that she's mad about I mind you....but she's "faithful" my ass! To finish and sum it up I'd rather pay $6 a beer at the expensive bar's then go here ever again!!
1	I went to Octane when it first opened and have been there a few times since. I have basically watched this bar turn from a pretty cool local bar into a biker bar and now into a somewhat gangster rap bar.. music so loud that you need to see an ear doctor the next day.. hats tilted on heads, mens pants below thier asses with boxers showing. enough jewelry in human holes to create a strobe light, who can give the dirtiest look competitions.. just ridiculous..bring your numchucks because no one is here to have a good time unless your just as gangster as they are trying to be. But hey, if this is you.. this is your bar.Ive never ever given a one star review, this is my first.  I do like the name of the bar though :)
3	I really like this bar.It's nothing fancy, there's no kitchen, and the crowd isn't the prettiest to look at...But the bartenders seem to genuinely care about customers, the owner seems like a really nice guy who goes out of his way to get to know his patrons, and the beer is always cold.  The prices are good for what you're getting, and the regulars are all very friendly.If you're in Surprise and you're looking for a place to have a few beers and watch some television, this is probably where you should go.
1	Used to be a regular at this bar.  They fired Dawn the bartender who was the best worker this bar had.  Will return when she is rehired.
1	Horrible. All the other reviews are right on par. I have been here 2 times and both times were terrible. Bar tender was oblivious I was there even though there were only 5 other people in the bar. The last time that I was here there were 2 customers smoking weed out in the open near the back door and the bar staff had no issue with it and did nothing about it. This place is total trash
5	Kinda like this place..... No cuss, no problems.... Free to play pool ! Wooooo hoooo!!!!  Selection of beer but not wine.... Hope they will start to serve champagne , then I would come more often!
