4	After many months ripening in the womb, Mingo has finally breached. We walked by, heard music and poked our heads in to see what was afoot. High backed black leather seating and mostly black finishing give the place a club feel which is reinforced by the music they were spinning during our visit. We met Mingo and one of the other proprietors, traced the mixology pedigrees of the bartenders and charged my iphone from the clever outlets under the bar. Food won't be served until Monday as the kitchen is still ramping up, so we ordered a Sculpin IPA and one of the signature cocktails. The beer selection is deep with lots of regional favorites and some of the high end standards such as Delirium Tremens. The draft beers had just arrived and were still chilling down. Mingo let me view the bottled list from his Macbook as it wasn't ready yet for print. Although the cocktail was a bit steep for the neighborhood, my Sculpin was probably at the price point I would expect. The place has a great vibe and will be one more reason to visit the charming art square area at Charleston and Main. The "Beyond Thunderdome" parking lot is not really under Mingo's control but somebody needs to improve the lighting, paint some lines and fix the pavement before another oil pan gets shredded.  It's  nice to see outdoor seating which is so useful and so rare in this valley. There will eventually be gaming but no smoking, cheers to you Mingo!
5	Came here for a friends birthday celebration, and am excited to see such a beautiful room located downtown.  The cocktails all looked amazing, it was difficult to decide on only one good choice, so I asked Rose the bartender to chose one for me. She chose the Gossip, which had vodka, frozen grapes, and St Germain. Truly my new favorite cocktail! We danced up and down the bar all night. one feature that I really liked was that there are phone charging cords, plugged into the bar! They also use ipads to take your orders on!  The restrooms are also pretty cool, with colored lights that change. I left early, only because they weren't serving food yet, but that should be next week. I'm sure they will have delicious dishes to accompany the yummy libations!
5	Amazing food, The Mahi Mahi is the best I have had on the Mainland, paired with the roasted potatos and salad what a great dish.
5	Stopped in last night for a drink. Depeche Mode, then The Smiths were playing in the background - a great start! The Alien Mule was out of this world. Mingo and the bartenders were very friendly. Fantastic atmosphere. Can't wait to go back and eat.
5	Love the location as it is close to office and home.  Can't bea he great drinks which are fun and taste good, can't just have one and of course the he FOOD!!! AMAZING flavor!  One of my new favorite places downown and a must go for everybody!!
1	I had been looking forward to this opening but was quite disappointed on how it came together. The food and drink was alright, but overpriced and I can surely cook better at home. The service was OK, & the decor a little pretentious. Speaking of that, there was this rather large bearded guy at the bar ranting and raving about "those effing tree huggers". Huh? I thought he was a customer having a bad day, but then I realized he is a manager or maybe even the owner. Really weird.That said, the space in this old, old building handled the temps from outside quite well and I was very comfortable the whole time I was there (probably the best part of the experience)! Yes, the first triple-digit days of Vegas are upon us. The indoor-outdoor bar isn't all the rage like folks claim and it has been done many times before. Whoop-de-doo. Great bathrooms, btw! Second best part! I may give it another go though one day and update. Why since there are SO many better things to do around there like the Bar + Bistro for example. Time will tell.
3	Went there for lunch during a week day.  The place was pretty empty.  While the restaurant was dressed to the 9's, it didn't give off confident vibes about serving good cuisine.  Restaurant looked more like a night club than a restaurant. Waitress didn't know what I was talking about when I ordered a hefeweizen.  Once I received my beer in a tiny glass, I asked for a lemon wedge (I know people, should be oranges but I was trying not to be too difficult), the waitress looked at me like I asked for a chicken leg to garnish my beer.  She served me the lemon wedge on a soggy napkin.  Not inspiring too much confidence.  I ordered the edamame and chicken wings.  Edamame came in a tiny portion and was way too greasy. Chicken wings was good but not spicy enough.  My friend ordered the sliders and they were the size of quarters.  I heard the mahi mahi was really good and tried to order it but was told they ran out (which I'm not sure how since the restaurant was empty).  But I shall go back once they have their act more together.  Need to go back to check out the cool indoor/outdoor bar.  Hopefully they'll increase their menu items and more people will find out about the place.
4	We stopped in for a quick drink. The drink menu was inventive and the location is aces.
5	Absolutely loved this place. The service was outstanding, the ambiance was impeccable and the food was so flavorful!  You must try their cocktails as well!  I recommend the "blow pop cocktail". It was such a great experience.
5	Stopped in for a late lunch at the recommendation of a friend and had a great experience. I have a lot of food allergies, but the waiter was more than sympathetic and he communicated with the chef to prepare a delicious meal. They made me a custom salad dressing too. Was really pleased with the taste and the care of preparation. The fries are really delicious and totally worth trying. My friend got a mojito and was also very pleased. it has sexy and modern decor and the inside temperature was great considering it was a really warm day. There's lots of sunlight flowing in during the day and the outside patio is really nice. Really looking forward to coming back at night because it has a very loungey, sexy looking bar.
4	For a local spot way too night clubby for me.  The female bartender (blonde, big boobs) was awesome. She knew the menu and made killer recommendations. (Mac and cheese, Brussels sprouts and edamame) all crazy good!!!!the edamame  is difficult to eat.... But amazing flavor. You must try it.  Love the open patio.  Wish there were more high tops in the bar. The seating is kind of weird... Just an overall strange feel inside.  Like they are trying to reach a specific market - but thats not who was here. See for yourself. cocktails are sexy and fun....  "Boner" is super yummy.  Overall - I guess I would go back , but would go to bar bistro before this place.
3	It was ehhhhhh. The mac and cheese was bland. Firefly's is much better, but unfortunately theirs may come with a side of salmonella. The decor looks as if Z Gallerie ate too much black licorice and threw up all over the place. I'd go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Surprising delicious, good atmosphere. In love with the rib eye $22, that wished I had ordered instead eating off my friend's plate. Grilled oysters were awesome but a bit pricy, 4 for $14. Sliders was great also. All these items are braces friendly, melts in your mouth.
5	Let me just warn you all that the directions on iPhone send you to the wrong spot.  Don't rely on google maps, but head toward Artifice, because Mingo is slightly hidden and tucked away next to it.  Very inviting place once I found it.  We headed here before the Yelp block party on Fremont street, since the instructions said don't come hungry, and I was definitely hungry.The bar opens up in the front of Mingo's so you have this open air effect, a la Park on Fremont.  Very cool.  I do think Mingo might be suffering a little bit of an identity crisis because the front is this really casual bar and inside it is full on club.  I kind of liked the contrast though.  Great happy hour menu with cheap drinks and eats.  Although big bites were offered, we stuck to the happy hour menu.  We had:french fries with siracha ketchup - amaze balls.  Really good.The Kanye -  Yes, please.   A chicago style hot dog with incredibly spicy peppers.  Although the weiner was a little greasy (hehe), I loved the flavors.Sliders - Average sliders, but well-cookedOverall, the food was much better than I expected.  Don't compare this place to Mundo's (Mingo's other establishment) because it is not trying to compete with Mundo.  This is an awesome addition to the arts district and it provides an alternative to Bar+Bistro if you are looking for some good grub.  I've had some not so great experiences at Bar+Bistro, and won't be going back, but service at Mingo was awesome and I would definitely hit this place up again.
5	Location: Right downtown in the heart of the Art's District with tons of parking.As to the ambience: I love the decor it's a chic fusion of modern and vintage, with good lighting balance and unobtrusive and appropriately current music. It looks more like a cute big-city place you'd see in LA, NY or SF. Unlike a review I read, I disagree that it is pretentious, but I guess one could say it is "hip." So if you hate fashionable details you may not love the look.(I loved it so much I sent a few pix to friends and co-workers.)Service: Super warm and casual. If you like staff to treat you like a regular or friend, this is your spot. Mingo, the proprietor and namesake, stopped by our table and was super friendly and obviously cared that the diner's experience is great. If you are a stickler for formality, you could find it a bit laid-back. Personally, I love candid staff who give honest suggestions and act " real":-) Food: It's not a huge menu, (I was there for lunch) but every choice is tempting. I think they manage fusion without overreaching. Everything was delicious (and  for any fitness types or non-meat eaters, the menu has more healthy and non-meat options than you would expect.) I think the prices were reasonable and portions a healthy size. I'm saving my favorite part for last....Mingo is dog friendly! You can bring your dog(s) to chill at your table on the front patio. There is a clever design detail of an industrial metal door that opens up the bar and restaurant to the patio. It makes it like a city version of a beach shack.Yay Mingo for providing one of only a few places in the whole LV Valley that allow a family to dine out together-- even the four-legged members!
5	The mac and cheese!!!!!  To die for!!! I am amazed by how awesome everything on their menu is. This food is just amazing and the prices, you can't beat. They also have a delicious cocktail menu, super friendly staff, and very cool decor. Another wonderful addition to the art district!
5	OMG...I found AMAZING Bar Food that is Vegetarian, Gluten Free & Non Dairy...be still my heart!!  My crazy dietary restrictions put me in a position of being limited to house made potato chips in most bars, but NOT at "Mingo Kitchen & Lounge"!!  I found 3 dishes on the menu that I could eat & ordered 2 of them.  I got the BEST Brussel Sprouts on the planet there.  I know..."BRUSSEL SPROUTS"????  However, in the "hands of the Master" Executive Chef Robert Solano, even the humble Brussel Sprout is reimagined in one of the most flavorful combinations of proper cooking technique, amazing sauce & the perfect seasoning.  This is vege's the way they were meant to be cooked & even non veggie lovers will fall in love with.  The other dish I ordered was their version of Fried Rice, which was equally AMAZING!!  Don't expect your typical Chinese Restaurant version of fried rice.  This is a lighter version with different veges, but TO DIE FOR!!  The rice was perfectly cooked and the veges were the tiniest, tenderest (but not at all mushy) little baby squash I have ever seen/tasted.  YUM...I could eat both of these dishes for Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner!!  I didn't order their Edamame, not because it didn't sound good, but because I figured (right) that 2 dishes would fill me up & I can order Edamame in many places, but I WILL order it next time.  Hubby ordered a Burger on a Crossiant, (can't remember the name of it), but he said it was cooked & seasoned to perfection & he would DEFINITELY order it again.  For all you carnivores (like Hubby), there are PLENTY of yummy sounding options.  Hubby got a beer that looked like an amber ale (I didn't taste it) & I got their stoutest stout, even more so than Guiness which they also have, but I was looking for something that outdoes Guiness & they had it.  I wish I could remember the names of these beers.  Decor was BEAUTIFUL!!  George Harris was a gracious Host even after spending a LONG day on filming the next commercial for their Alien brand Tequila!!  All the staff were top notch & provided EXCELLANT service!!  Mingo is located in the Art Square Complex/Downtown Arts District  & parking is conveniently located just steps from the front door.  "Mingo Kitchen & Lounge" is the brainchild/creation of George Harris, Mingo Collaso & Executive Chef Robert Solano & is the third jewel in their "Triple Crown" that includes "Mundo, a Latin Chic Restaurant" & the aforementioned "Alien Tequila".I have some suggestions, (I CANNOT critize such a well run organization).  They need:1)  Better menus (the thing you read, not the food).  The print was sort of faint & in the ambiance of the dim lighting was not as easy to read as it should be.2)  The menu on their website.3)  Links to their menu online from Yelp & other sites.  4)  A paper "take home" version of the menu.  I FULLY expect that the above are "in the works" as we speak, since they have only been open a short while, but nonetheless, this is the ONLY thing missing.  Lastly, the Parking Lot needs repaving, (they don't own the Parking Lot), & I'm not sure who does.  Just be advised if you drive a low to ground car (sports car), drive slowly onto the lot or you might bottom out on one of the uneven surfaces.Considering our EXCELLENT experience at "Mingo Kitchen & Lounge" we had to give it 5 stars!!  RUN...don't walk to Mingo Kitchen & Lounge" ASAP!!!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this restaurant. I had never heard of it but came across it driving around one night. The food was good and the menu was funny. I went with a friend who is a pescetarian and there were plenty of options for her as well. Also the service was great and we loved our server!
3	What you see:Black toned shabby-sexy decor. Nice, but a tad too bright.What you hear:Nice alt mix (Modest Mouse, Smashing Pumpkins, etc) at a perfect level.What you don't get:Informed or knowledgeable service.  No happy hour menu to be found.  Utter cluelessness & apathy about drinks, beer, food.  Ordering was an exhaustive struggle.What you do get:Some amazing taste treats. All the food was absolutely terrific.Grilled Cheese & Tomato SoupFresh Cut Fries with Sriracha ketchupSpicy Fried WingsThe Kayne bacon wrapped hot dog.Please. Please. Please. Train.  Your. Staff. Then this place would be a crown downtown jewel.
4	Great food a lot of stuff I never heard of, and food I didn't expect from a bar.The decor is nice, very Lady Gaga-ish. I think the tables and chairs look cheap. The chairs are see-through plastic. The tables are narrow and have the edges are SHARP. I bumped my leg sliding into the booth and I had a nice bloody cut and now a bruise. But anyway...We came for lunch during the work week. All the house lights were up and there were four other people having lunch, plus the owner at the bar. I loved the sassy menu names and hashtags. If I wasn't working I would've had a cocktail but instead had the opened faced egg sandwich. Dining partners had fried rice and tomato soup + grilled cheese. The grilled cheese was more like bruchetta than grilled cheese. But everything was still really good. Can't wait to come back and try some other menu items.I'm not giving five stars because of the narrow tables, plastic chairs, awkward leather booths, the cut on my leg, and our waitress (who was very nice) spending to much talk to her friends about this one time at band camp instead of bringing us our check so we could go back to work.
5	Came back on a whim. The owner suggested the Alien Mule, it's my new favorite! (Gossip was old favorite) Staff was excellent from Kenny at the bar, to our petite super cute waitress, and the bus person Latrell was on top of clearing the small table that surprisingly fit 6 of us. The outside bar was closed off due to the heat, but that didn't affect the vibe.  It's nice to be able to go to a location that is easily accessible and run into old friends that make you feel at home. I like the new bar area in the back corner for a little more privacy. I'll be there for FF next week:) Vegas peeps have no idea to park so I'll go early to avoid chaos.
4	I read about this place opening a while back and was intrigued by the concept/menu, but just made it down this past weekend. The food was excellent in both value and quality. The options were divided into "Big Bites" & "small bites" and mostly what I would define as comfort food. I shard the (seasoned) edemame and grilled oysters and both are delicious. A couple beers later (good tap selection of craft beers and popular favorites) I opted for the Kanye dog and was not disappointed. The ambiance was great - I like the courtyard/patio area and the inside looked cool (if a little dark/clubby). The service was fine and friendly. I will definitely be going back to try some of their other offerings that looked tasty - such as grilled cheese and tomato soup and the Notorious P.I.G dog.
4	I've visited twice and service at the bar was painfully slow on both occasions. When we dropped in, they weren't particularly busy and it was early evening. Myself and two friends were the only people at the bar yet we waited at least five minutes before a bartender finally appeared to take our drink orders. The guy originally behind the bar did greet us when we arrived and told us he would help us in a few minutes but he had to get kegs out of the back. After he left and the bartender came and asked us what we wanted, I should have realized I was committing to at least a 20 minute wait for the fries I insisted on ordering. Fries are delicious and friend tried the "Kanye". Food has always tasted great, staff is very friendly and overall it's a cool little place to check out every so often.
1	called in ahead of time to let them know we had a large group coming in.  few of us get there, I let them know we have more on the way and would like to be outside.  The bar tender was too busy being bothered by us customers to care.  He was pretty much rude to us right from the get go.  we order 2 drinks, gives them too us in plastic cups, my friends ordered after me and all got glass drink ware.  other than the bartender, no one cared that we were in the outside patio, ever came out to check if we wanted food.  After one round of drinks we were annoyed enough to move our party across the street to the bar and bistro.
2	If only it was all about the food. First the decor here felt cheesy with black patent bejeweled tufted sofas. Perhaps my initial reaction was because I was expecting something that felt more authentic to the vibe of nearby bar bistro and artisan, but I digress.Given my less than enthused reaction to the decor, I was open to give this place a chance. However a few highlights:1. Our server did not know the menu. We asked him about multiple dishes and he just read the description back to us. 2. We made two requests with our meal and the server forgot both changes. 3. Even though the above requests weren't met, the food was good. I had the skirt steak salad and it was perfectly cooked. The brussels sprouts were tasty and my friend loved the tomato soup. 4. I'm too old for club music at dinner. I just wanted a nice dinner with friends and we ended up talking over each other. 5. It was really hot inside. I think they had opened the area between the bar and outside which made the restaurant really warm and uncomfortable. 6. Finally, I can handle loud music and cheesy decor when the food is yummy, but the service ruined it for me. It took too long to place our order, receive our first round of drinks and close out the bill. Yes, the food is good, but the server was one of the most inexperienced waiters that I have encountered in a long time. PS: They misspelled brussels sprouts on their menu. Spelling matters.
4	Food here was excellent.  The grilled cheese and tomato soup along with a side edamame were delicious.  Yes, the decor is a little cheesy, but so what. That's what makes it fun and original. The only negative was that it did take a bit of time to get our check, and we were on a work lunch. Other than that, great experience.
2	The food isn't very good. Are whole table complained about how overly spicy it was. Plus every one said the sea food we ordered was really fishy. The decor is nice and we where hoping we stumbled on to a great spot, but in the end we all where disappointed.
4	This was my second trip to Mingo. I love the restaurant. Fun atmosphere. Jason who works at the bar is fantastic. I had the land and sea, fish tacos, and the Brussels sprouts. The sprouts are amazing. Even if you think you don't like them, you will love them. I would highly recommend getting off the strip and coming to this fun restaurant.
5	Amazing once again. The Alien Mule (or two), the Brussels sprouts, ribeye, mahi tacos. All wonderfully good.
4	Met some women for our once a month get together. Great atmosphere, outdoor seating and fabulous food. Loved The Vixed by design store next door! Not fond of parking but it's worth looking for a spot, there is a vacant lot behind the building.
4	**Edited**Rather than updating, unless the service and food standards drop, I'm just going to add on.10/29/13Last night was my first time going to Mingo Kitchen & Lounge.  We got there about 6:30, as karaoke night starts at 7ish on Mondays, and we wanted to go sing for a while.First of all, the decor is SO cool.  All black and white, with mirrors, and they were all decorated up for Halloween, too, so there was a great atmosphere for the few days before Halloween.Their happy hour lasts till 7pm (I think its from 3pm-7, but I don't remember), and they have discounted prices on beer and some of their food.To start, for happy hour, my friend and I ordered: a PBR (for him, not me. ew. lol)  and a Blue Moon (for me).  The Roasted Garlic Shrimp, and the Notorious P.I.G.So the Roasted Garlic Shrimp was wonderful.  I want to say it was about 8 medium sized shrimp, in a delightfuly tart lemony garlic sauce, served with garlic toast.  It was awesome, and I loved sopping up the sauce with the bread.The Notorious P.I.G.  This was too good to be believed.I read the reviews of how good the Kanye dog was, but the Notorious P.I.G was the one that called out to be ordered.Its a hotdog with crispy bacon, pickled jalapenos, and HORSERADISH MAC N CHEESE!You wouldn't think that mac n cheese would work on a hotdog, but IT DOES.  I'd drive all the way downtown JUST for this again. And again. And again.So after eating this, I decided that I wanted to try the fish and chips.  I'm a fish and chips fanatic, and I always like to try them out at new places.I really enjoyed these.  The chips were well spiced, and the fish was flavorful.  My only complaint is that the batter was just a tiny bit soggy, but that didn't stop me from enjoying every last bite.We also ordered the skirt steak salad.  This one took a while to get to us...the server forgot to put the order in, but honestly...we were having fun singing, so it really wasn't a big deal.  When it arrived, it was worth the wait. The steak was a perfect medium rare, with a fantastic heavy sear on the outside.  The salad was delicately dressed, and everything worked together to create a delicious meal.The serving sizes are not huge.    The prices are fair.There is also a Yelp deal available when you check in, for 10% off your entree.  All in all, it was a great night.Karaoke was fun, the bartender was super nice, and the food was fantastic.  I may have found my new favorite Monday night spot.11/5/13Went to Mingo again last night for karaoke.It was busier last night than it was last week, which bummed me out...I wanted to post up at the bar to charge my phone.  They have phone chargers all along the bar!Sat at a comfy table and ordered from the happy hour menu:Spicy Fried chicken wings served with bleu cheese and sriracha.I'm not a wing fan.  they're ok, but I don't usually make it a habit to eat wings.I'd order these again.  They were delicious!  The sriracha mixed in the bleu cheese is good too. ;)"Free Change Chicken."I'm honestly not sure if this is a typo or not, but whatever its called, its delicious.Chicken breast AND wing with a kind of a mango salsa (that's what I thought it  was anyway) served with a salad, potatoes and a mediterranian chimichurri. Oh. My. GOD it was awesome.  I devoured it.  Flavorful and moist chicken.  The skirt steak on the salad this time was a little overdone, but not inedible.Service was great.  Jason remembered us from the week before, as did George, who I think is the owner or manager. They both went out of their way to greet us. Another good night at Mingo!
5	The food here was DELICIOUS and the drinks even more. Definitely recommend the deep fried Oreos. OMG to die for! Prices are reasonable AND if you sit at the bar there are chargers for your phone and hooks for your purse. INGENIOUS! Definitely coming back and bringing more friends to this beautiful restaurant.
4	Rj's in the hoooooouse. We are gonna check out his restaurant and do a little Monday night karaoke! Well. I'm gonna watch and cheer! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Rj just ordered a bunch of food for us to grub on... I did read some reviews before we hit this place up... Brussel Sprouts was one of the items mentioned as a MUST TRY.This is what we devoured: EDAMAME: garlic, red chile, lime, ponzu, sesame sea salt - I really liked these. They were jazzed up with the spice and ponzu and I love lime! GRILLED MAHI MAHI TACOS: red chile rub, spicy taco sauce, shaved cabbage, mango relish, avocado, limeVEGETABLE FRIED RICE: squash, carrots, ponzu sauce, organic egg - This was good. I think they used Sesame Oil... A little too much, the sesame really stuck out but nonetheless this was a tasty dish! GRILLED CHEESE & TOMATO SOUP: gruyere, fontina, jack, brioche, heirloom tomato, basil - My second favorite item we had!! The soup isn't thin, more like a bisque and SO delicious!!!! I could have drank it all night! The grilled cheese and really good too with the different cheeses and tomato kicked it off for me! SEARED BRUSSEL SPROUTS: brown butter, candied pecans, golden raisins, balsamic reduction - Have I ever even eaten brussel sprouts before?!! I dont think so! So eating them here, the way they are prepared was like BRUSSEL SPROUT HEAVEN!!!!! These were SOOOO on point OMG!!!!!!! I could have eaten bowls and bowls of them! GEE GOLLLLLY!!!! EVERYTHING about them was freakin' DELICIOUS!! They were perfectly cooked and soft and flavorful! NOM NOM FREAKIN' NOM!!!  FREE CHANGE CHICKEN: mediterranean chimichurri, caramelized cipollini onions, roasted potatoes - This was good too. Tasted kind of BBQ-y - I liked the potatoes too! LAND & SEA: curry crusted skirt steak, garlic shrimp, arugula, roasted potatoes - Not too bad, I wasn't a fan of the arugula salad on the side though. All the food was QUITE tasty... The service was MEH though. Considering Rj ordered all the food for us and it just came out, we didn't have MUCH interaction with the service staff HOWEVER there was A bartender working and he pretty much SUCKED and was QUITE unappreciative of the generous tips SOMEBODY was hooking him up with. Plus he was slow considering we were the ONLY group in there by the end of the night and even before it reached the end of the night there were a few other groups hanging out but nothing CRAZY. Mingo is a SMALL cozy place, nicely decorated and it has chargers all along the bar which is REALLY nice... but seriously. Mr. Bartender: YOU SUCKED.P.S. 2/2/14: Just heard that lovely bartender is no longer with Mingo so all is well in the world! ;))
4	Finally went to check out Mingo with some friends on a Monday night a couple weeks ago.  All the food was great.  We got edamame, grilled mahi mahi tacos, veggie fried rice, grilled cheese and tomato soup, brussel sprouts, broiled chicken, and the land & sea steak.  Everything was quite tasty but the things that stuck out most to me were the chicken, and the brussel sprouts. Rarely would I order chicken at a restaurant but since a friend was ordering for us, I was fortunate enough to get to try out Mingo's, otherwise I probably would've never known how delicious it is.  The karaoke was a lot of fun, minus a few very obnoxious mic hogs, which at times was distracting and disrespectful to some of the other people singing.  There were some super talented people in there!I'd definitely recommend this place because the food is really good and it's such a cute little loungy place.  One of the owners was there the night we went in, and he was super nice.  He even sang a couple oldies and he sang them well!  The only thing keeping my review from 5 stars was the bartender's service.  He was not friendly at all and actually seemed annoyed to be taking orders.  If they could fix that, Mingo would get 5 stars from me.
5	Mingo is definitely a hidden gem in Downtown Las Vegas! They have a Happy Hour that goes until 7pm with amazing prices. The decor is beautiful and unique, the service and food is wonderful especially the Edamame, Vegetable fried rice, cheese burger, and the grilled cheese was to die for!!! If you haven't been, then you should!!!
5	When we heard that Mundo had another more causal restaurant we were immediately interested. Great place to hangout before first Friday or before a night out in the town. There's really nothing we haven't liked. Everything is delicious. Drinks are delicious as well.
5	I love this place! Everything is so delicious and the staff is pretty friendly. My favorite part of Mingo is the atmosphere. It's very comfy and sophisticated, my friends and I love hanging out there. And there are phone chargers at the bar! Super convenient.
5	Last night was my 3rd time dining at Mingo.  I am a local in Las Vegas who is quite a culinary junkie and my brother is a chef, so I have a pretty "picky palate."  I just love the ambiance in here - and it isn't pretentious or stuffy, which I love about these new downtown restaurants!  I was most impressed this time.  I tried the infamous Brussel Sprouts and had some of the specialty cocktails.  Delicious and creative! The bartender was extremely friendly and actually made our night!  What a nice guy!  He made sure we went home hydrated with complimentary bottles of water and even called a cab for us to make sure my boyfriend and I got home safely..... He just anticipated every possible need and (quite honestly) went above and beyond.  Thank you Mingo for another fabulous dining experience. :-)
5	Love this place! Karaoke night was a blast, can't wait to go again!
5	Kept hearing great things about mingo, my boyfriend and I were downtown and decided to try it out. It was more than I expected! We sat outside and it was a gorgeous day to eat on the patio seating they have. We ordered the mini cheeseburgers, fries, mac n cheese, and our server suggested we try the Brussels sprouts. Hands down best Brussels sprouts I've had in forever! It's a must try there! The burgers were perfect, came with some sauce and we mostly used it for the fries which were amazing as well. I'm a huge mac and cheese fan but wasn't overly impressed by theirs but it was still pretty good. They didn't get their fish order in time so we couldn't try any seafood dishes which I hear are good..maybe next time. The happy hour menu was great and we definitely enjoyed the experience!  Our server was great too, we left full, happy and still had money left over for a show! I will for sure be back to try more delicious food!
5	I'm SO happy boyfriend and I stopped in here for valentines lunch! The owner is amazing we chatted while I sipped on a yummy drink. I had the best fried egg sandwich ever. Everything about it was great. Thick bacon cooked perfectly, yummy avocado, egg was perfect, and the most amazing Texas toast! We got an order of their edamame which was most delectable ! Finger licking good!! I'm glad we came when we did because there was no one in there and we were able to chat with the owner and staff who were great. I can't wait to come back when it's crowded! Thank you for a delicious meal and great company xxxo
5	Came here for Valentines day because I usually like to try things away from a crowd, reservations were actually made a few hours before dinner and the place was not packed at all.  This was a small place but luckily not too many people were there so even though we were a little late to our reservation, getting a table was not a problem.  We looked at the cocktail menu and laughed about all the descriptions given for their signature cocktails like, The boner, Pink Lips, and Gold Digger.  We ordered Saints & Ginners and Alien Mule.  Pretty stiff drinks, I guess that's why their wifi password is "theboner".  We started off with the edamame appetizer which smelled awesome, I've never had lime served with edamame but it was added a nice citrus flavor with the garlic, chile, and ponzu.  We killed that one quick, I could just eat wood chips soaked in that ponzu chile sauce.  We also had the fried rice, skirt steak salad and roasted garlic shrimp.  Everything was great! Will definitely come back to try other menu items, or just for drinks, edamame and to read their hashtags.  Hope they bring other things and hashtags to the menu!  *playlist that night was great, lots of 90s jams mixed with some Justin Timberlake... Good music will always make my food and drink taste that much better!
5	I would rate this place 10 stars but I can only select 5stars. This place is so amazing I have craved chicken wings for a while now, I told my self to just go to Buffalo Wild Wings. I end upcoming to Mingo for a private party. And they had the best appetizers including the best hot wings! The staff is beautiful to look at. I feel comfortable here and can enjoy the energy. I will be back !!
5	heard about this place from friends and happened to stumble upon it while walking around and wanted to grab a drink.We only had the "Boner" which was one of the best cocktails I've had and the deep fried oreos which were amazing and very reasonably priced in comparison to other places.The atmosphere was awesome, we loved the little bar to sit outside during perfect mid-afternoon weather.took a look at other items on the menu and everything sounds amazing, not one thing doesn't.
5	Everyone I've talked to about Mingos has great things to say so I decided to try it out for myself. The service was great, loved the atmosphere and the food was really good. I had the Kanye and the Grilled Shrimp.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of the other entrees!
3	The place is really cheesy in decor (reminded me of Lace, inside Angels, an old Fruit Loop bar in the 90's), and my Dirty Martini was far from dirty, but the Ahi Tacos were perfect!  They really need to add some sides & make it an entree!Since we were the ONLY guests in the restaurant (2 LOUD chicks at the bar though), I hope the sear is as on-point every time, not just when there's time to focus.Seriously, Ahi Tacos = so good.It's totally a one time visit kind of place (and from other friends, not every visit is great food or service-wise), but definitely patronize them once.PS, Ahi Tacos ;)
4	I would give 4.5 stars if possible.  Misses the 5-star mark because the ketchup is laced with sirachi  hot sauce but our server failed to mention this....we learned the hard way when the toddler in our group began spitting out his food!  If anywhere in the downtown vicinity and looking for dinner, I highly recommend Mingo.  They have patio seating outside in the Art Square courtyard that is perfect for Spring evenings.  This is a tapas style restaurant with a very nice craft beer selection and an excellent Happy Hour.  From 5-7pm, the Happy Hour worked for us on a Saturday.  In the $5 to $7 range, my party of 3 shared everything.  We had edamame, roasted brussel sprouts, fried rice, the Kanye bacon-wrapped hotdog, Mahi Mahi tacos, and fish and chips.  The flavors of each dish were well planned and well executed.  The brussel sprouts were my favorite - roasted with candied almonds and raisins.  The Mahi Mahi tacos and Kanye hotdog were classic items decorated with the perfect toppings to make them extra special.  All in all, this was a great dining experience!  I haven't been to dinner in downtown in quite a while and wasn't sure what to expect from the hit-or-miss establishments down there - but this place is a gem!
5	I go to this place at least once a week. I'm ADDICTED to the food. I'm not a big drinker but I have tried a few of their drinks and the Lychee martini (secret menu type item) is the best tasting martini I've ever had. It tastes exactly like the fruit with a little kick from the alcohol.My favorite dish is the Free Change Chicken. It's a little spicy but the mango chili they put on top dulls the spiciness. The edamame is AMAZING. In fact, EVERYTHING they make there is amazing. I've tried most of the items on the menu (seeing that I go every week) and I have yet to be disappointed. The entire staff, including the DJ that is there Friday nights are all very friendly and make you feel right at home.
5	Such a great place. Been there 3Times. Menu is different, some street food with a gourmet twist, not to mention very witty! Monday night karaoke is super FUN and it's not a huge place so you don't have to wait forever to sing. Oh and hats off to the Mixologist! I had some kind of alien mule (ginger and tequila and something else yummy). I've tried about 3 or 4 of the speciality drinks and they were all tasty!
5	I've come here many times and never had an amazing experience until Kelli was our bartender. Wow. What a cool cat. The food is always amazing but Kelli takes the cake.
5	Love Love Love this place.   We went here for brunch on a Sunday.  The menu was fun and trendy.  Everyone helping us was very friendly and had a positive attitude.  Every item on the menu has a funny #hashtag to go along with it.  Their drinks are unique.  We had the blackberry beermosa, champagne with passion fruit, and the blow pop.   Te blackberry beermosa was delicious, it wasn't very sweet and still had the orange and blackberry taste to it.  The champagn with passion fruit was refreshing and sparkling.  The blow pop drink was slightly sweet with a blow pop suckers in it.  I will definitely recommend it.  The food had great presentation and the taste was on point.  We had the deviled eggs which had bacon and had just right amount of sriracha sauce on it.  The eggs benedict had amazing hollandaise sauce, it was also served with freshly fried bacon and hash.  The hash had different vegetables grilled in it as well.  I will definitely be coming back!
5	Ate here last night after reading the great reviews! We had the place to ourselves, I'm assuming because it was Tuesday after Memorial Day. We started with the Mac and Cheese and Brussel Sprouts. Both were fantastic! My boyfriend had the Notorious P.I.G. loaded hotdog, which he loved and I had the Surf N Turf. Both had great presentation and absolutely delicious! Our waitress was great! She was so friendly and helpful. We will return! Thank you Thank you! Can't wait to check out "SunGay" Brunch!
4	First the positive.  Atmosphere really is 5 star.  It is trendy, eclectic, unique - all of these rolled into one.  This was our first time, and we loved the decor.  We also liked the food.  The menu is certainly unique, and most of the items we had were excellent.  Also can't beat the prices for the quality of the food.The problem was in the service.  We went on a weeknight, and fairly early, and it was not crowded.  It took forever for our server to come.  She seemed more interested in chatting with some of the regulars, than working.  When she finally did come, she seemed very preoccupied.  When we asked questions on the menu, she did not seem to know the answers, and some of the answers proved to be incorrect.  She brought out wrong items, and rarely checked back.  She was very friendly, just  perhaps having an off night.We will try again, and hope for better service, as the food and atmosphere make it worth a second try.
4	Trendy, eclectic & fun!  Karaoke on Monday is crazy fun but dinner & drinks on a weeknight is just as great.  Dark walls & booths mix well with funky mirrors and eclectic decor.  The drinks are all fun & the food is good.  Mac & cheese, brussel sprouts & Kanye chicago dog was good but you MUST HAVE the edamame and deep fried oreos (trust me, these are worth the calories and sugar overload).  Located in a quaint older building in the Arts District Downtown.  This is a definitely place to check out!
3	Good ambience and the food was decent. Go during happy hour-nice small plates at reasonable prices. Beware of any fruity/tropical type drinks however-they make them way too sweet
5	In a town of great bars and restaurant, Mingo truly stands out. Everything I've had here is delicious, I recommend the wings, the skirt steak salad, and the burger (Best in Vegas). Their cocktails are also very tasty. I had the El Diablo and it was very refreshing. The decor is very neat and the outdoor bar is a cool touch. Even on a scorching Vegas day it was in the shade with air blowing so it was comfortable to sit there. The only drawback is that this place is kind of hidden, which is probably not good for their business but it actually adds to the laid back atmosphere of the place.
5	Very cool place. Came here for early dinner during Happy Hour on a Thursday. $3-4 drafts, wuuut!? Pour me another!I had The Kanye (bacon wrapped Chicago-styled dog with garnishing). It was pretty big--I ended up eating with a knife and fork. I was very impressed that the bacon stayed crusted on the dog (it usually falls off). For appetizers to share, we had seared brussel sprouts (best brussel sprouts I've ever had, and I don't normally like them), roasted garlic shrimp (very garlicky with a hint of citrus), and spicy fried wings (nice and crispy, although they were kind of small).Service was friendly, and bathrooms were clean. The menu (and drink) items were thoughtful: better than just "bar food" but not too experimental. Most of all, the price was right!
4	I am updating me review to 4 stars.  Food has gotten better and the people here are always nice.  I have not revisited the tomato soup however so not sure if it is still on the sweeter or not.  Last few times here have been great though....This place has always been good in the past but it's been about 6 months since my return and after talking it up I felt a bit of embarrassment.  The burger was super super salty and I love salt.  Overkill for sure and then I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup which is what I loved every time I was here and it was like eating sugar soup and cheese.  It was not good at all and the only reason I am giving 3 stars now is because of our amazing waiter and service.  He was super friendly and attentive.  So for drinks and service go.  As far as food let's hope they just accidentally dumped a bag of salt in the meat today and sugar in the soup and it will be better next time however I am not sure there will be a next time for me.  So sad since I live so close.
4	One word: weird. Okay, to be specific: weird if you are primarily interested in a meal. Mingo is a swanky cocktail lounge that features a full menu of original and classic dishes concocted from many cuisine inspirations including Japanese, American, Mediterranean, and South American. The food is beautiful. Beautifully plated, beautifully seasoned, and treated with care and respect. I truly appreciate that the chefs do not fear bold flavors. My dining experience was a welcome change from the French-culinary inspired dishes I have tasted lately. Mingo takes many risks with their food, such as a deep-fried, free-range chicken breast and thigh served with a mango chutney and a chimmichuri sauce. A strange combination [The chimmichuri is served on the side. (You don't have to eat it.)]. The biggest risk, though, is the space.  The layout, the tables, and the seating are not conducive to dining.  This is designed to be a lounge. The tables and seating are fine for small groups who want to have a few cocktails, but they are not suited for those who come in for dinner.  The tables are too low for the booths, and the chairs are to low for the tables.  I spent a good portion of my meal hunched over in order to eat.  This is a shame because the food is excellent.  I think this would be a great place to visit if you are a single professional working downtown who is going to sit alone at the bar and down a martini and grab a steak at the end of the day.  It is a good place if you are a small group meeting for drinks and a little nosh.  However, if you are planning dinner for two, you and your partner ought to be foodies, otherwise one of you will never want to eat here again. That being said, I will be back.  The attention to quality demonstrated at Mingo has earned my business.
5	This is such a great place to grab a drink and a bite to eat whilst downtown. The staff couldn't be more friendly and the food has never disappointed. They have great happy hour specials ... My fave is the fish and chips and the pineapple mule drink is delish!
5	Fish tacos all the way. They have hands down the best fish tacos I have had. The atmosphere is intimate, unique,  and trendy.
5	Remember that guy that you didn't want to bring home to your mother?  He is dangerous & handsome & yummy & you want more...  Mingo Kitchen & Lounge is that guy!Mingo is fun and edgy!  It's like being somewhere that you're not supposed to be...  You know that feeling?  Like maybe you're doing something wrong, but it's thrilling and a bit dangerous...  Well, my friends, read on!I first heard about this place from my Yelp friend, Brian M., in Honolulu. He said it was on his list of "to go" places. I volunteered to check it out for him and got my 2 friends to go with me for an exciting adventure...and boy, did we have an adventure!  I had also mentioned this place to my Yelp friend, Joyce, in Arizona - she was looking forward to reading my review because she is interested in eating here, too, so here goes...DANGEROUSMingo is located in the Arts District of Las Vegas.  My friends were a bit anxious as they kept looking around for sketchy people.  I'm kind of used to this population because of my work, so I had no fear!  I found a FREE parking space with a bit of tree shade, right in the front of the entrance!  Yay!HANDSOMEThe decor, music, and ambiance were so different and exciting!  I was amazed at the black theme: Chairs, sofas, floors, walls, ceiling, etc.  The only thing that wasn't black were the silver curtains that were a softening contrast; and the white tables that were a bold contrast to the sleek arrangement.  YUMMYWe went for the Sunday Brunch (11am - 3pm).  My friends ordered the Yo Way Waffles with fresh berries; and the All Up In My Grill Chicken Sandwich.  They both were oohing and awwing over their meals for the duration of our stay.  I guess they were happy!?I had the Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Tomato Soup - delicious!  This is NOT your ordinary grilled cheese sandwich...  The bread was thick and crunchy on the outside from the decadent butter.  Inside with the melty, soft cheese lay the fresh basil and neatly diced tomatoes - mmm!  The tomato soup was on the sweet side and had some gooey cheese nicely mixed in!  Oh yeah!MOREOur server, Eddie, was the BEST!  (See photo - he's the guy in the doorway with the red shirt.)  He was so energetic, friendly, and helpful!  He sure was efficient and quick!  He even invited us to FREE karaoke on Monday night, but sadly we were unable to attend.  We definitely will return!
5	Killer, killer, killer food!!! I have never eaten here and left without thinking, "wow, that was good!" Not only is the the food exceptional, but the staff and drinks are equally as good. I run my own restaurant in the 18b, and can't wait to hang out here! Do yourself a favor and eat, drink, and feel sexy at Mingo's! Btw there is an actual Mingo and he is beyond cool. Love this place!
5	Delicious, interesting food, great mood and service.   The best we found in LV!  Thanks to Allison next door at Skaughts for the recommendation.  We'll be back.
4	I love Kanye West.The Kanye dog was the obvious choice for me. And I'm so glad I got it! Usually when I'm at a restaurant the first thing that comes to mind is definitely not a hot dog. The Kanye was crispy, juicy, snappy, salty, tangy, and sweet. I can't believe I'm saying it, but I thoroughly enjoyed a hot dog that I ordered from a sit-down restaurant.I also ordered the fried rice to start with and it was great, but not memorable. A friend that I was with got the edamame to start off with and had the notorious P.I.G.  The edamame was spicy and salty and I wish we had more of it! The P.I.G. had an enormous amount of creamy mac n cheese that packed a lot of heat from the horseradish. I would totally recommend this place for lunch and dinner. I'm definitely long overdue for another visit.
4	Mingo Is all about having a good time and is one of the restaurants that is keeping up with the atmosphere Downtown Las Vegas has created. Very relaxed, fun, and community-centric. The food here does not take itself very seriously and that's not a bad thing, at all. The food here is definitely designed to make you feel comfortable yet still make you feel as though you aren't eating at home. A perfect example of this is their open faced egg sandwich. This is a meal any college student is probably vaguely familiar with due to it's simplicity and deliciousness. Mingo however takes that feeling of comfort, adds some delicious fotina gruyere, avocado, and thick cut bacon and serves a sandwich that is unforgettable.I highly recommend this restaurant if you are simply looking for a place to come relax, eat, drink, and feel cultured.
4	Loved the atmosphere. Excellent service. Great food.
5	Love this place. Great happy hour. Always consistent with world class service. Drinks are made properly, and food is quality. The bar is my favorite place to sit when I'm solo, but great place for meeting up with friends. Best part, no one under 21 allowed. Its a truly adult fun zone.
2	Came here on First Friday after my hairstylist recommended it. The interior decor is busy/gaudy, so would recommend sitting outdoors while the weather is still nice. The waiter was friendly but frazzled. We got the Brussels sprouts appetizer which was tasty. I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup meal and the hubs got the open faced egg sandwich. His was fairly tasty. I would've liked to know it was only a half grilled cheese since I had to take insulin for my meal prior to it coming out. And the tomato soup...woah!...unnecessarily sweet. I've had desserts with less sugar.
3	Stumbled upon this place last night while at first Friday. Sat outside to have a cocktail. Immediately,  upon sitting, the bartender rolled his eyes at my friend and me...then proceeded to be less than accommodating. Never asked if we wanted a menu. Basically ignored us until he finally tossed the check at us. So I would not go back and deal with him. However....the food looked and smelled delicious...if only he would have offered us a menu....not a cool way to get locals to return to a business
1	This place was a joke. Made an attempt to have a bite to eat with my fiancee last night on first Friday and waited 20-30 min to be seated. Finally seated and nothing. Another 15 more min and we walked out. Looked around and noticed empty tables. Are you kidding me? I was told by the hostess that they were short staffed. No idea how the food was but the service was completely unacceptable!!! Unfortunate because they had a decent menu but we will never know. Maybe someone could have taken our drink order to at least acknowledge us? Will not be back. Enter at your own risk!!! Maybe we were not the right couple to frequent their establishment.
5	Brunch on Sunday.  Don't miss this specials treat. Try the French Toast!  Can't wait to return & take a break from my dieting;~D
5	Had the rib eye and eggs with has. It was beyond amazing. Having brunch on the patio at Mingo on a Sunday is the best choice in Las Vegas. Truly an insider special tip. Try it out an let me know if you are totally wowed by this hip & fabulous venue. Very downtown hot spot. Mark this as a do not miss. DWD. Definitely worth the drive!
5	Brunch at Mingo today was simply outstanding ..dining on the patio in this incredible weather couldn't have been more perfect...  the tacos with chorizo were to die for .. The Cuban sandwich was perfect and the burger topped with bacon and an egg, served with a side of Rosemary fries  !! Yum yum yum !! Hurry up Sunday and come back around so we can do it again !!
5	Monday night I went to Mingo's for the first time.  Billy with Crawfish Karaoke/Rockstar Karaoke was there.  What fun!  Monday night Karaoke is a great diversion for those wanting to do something other than Monday night Football (although they do have some screens available near the bar).  I had drinks and the hot wings.  They were very good.  I tried Pyramid beer for the first time (and it was a treat).  My waiter was excellent and sang Karaoke like a gifted performer!  How talented!  He and Billy the host should be performing on the strip.
2	The food is great, but the service is almost nonexistent. We were seated quickly and had our water glasses refilled twice before our waiter took our order for drinks. We decided not to risk it and ordered drinks, appetizers, and entrees at the same time. It took another 5+ minutes to get our drinks. Our appetizer came with our entrees and we never saw our waiter again. I asked for another side of dipping sauce that came with my meal, it never arrived. We wanted to order another drink, but our waiter never came back. We completed our meal and sat around for literally twenty minutes before we had to flag someone down to ask for our check. It's a shame because the decor is super cute, the food is great, the location is perfect for after work, but I can't justify paying for awful service in a service town.
5	This is the best brunch meal I have ever had. If you knew me, you would be shocked. This guy is a brunch lover! My breakfast tacos were even better than I make at home. The hash that came with them - I was gonna ask if I could have a side salad or veggies instead, but I've been working on being less of a pain in the ass to waiters, so I didnt. Fortunately! The hash was maybe 30% taters, mixed with yummy sauted veggies and a wee arugula salad. PERFECT. if you're looking for a standard ham, eggs & potatoes situation, I saw that on the menu, too. But my breakfast was so good it cursed me a little; I can't imagine ordering anything else. I got excellent service, too, from a sweet dark-haired boy.Since I've been here, they've played Janet Jackson, TLC, Supersonic...really good mostly mellow 90s R&B mixed with up tempo stuff every 6th or so song, perfect for a chill Sunday morning.The topper is that it's gay friendly and dog friendly. AND bottomless mimosas. If I lived in vegas I'd be here every weekend.I love this place.
5	Great place, great atmosphere. Love the drinks and the food is amazing. The Brussels Sprouts are delicious!  I also love the grill sandwich with the tomato soap. The edamame is the best in town.
4	All I can tell you is that I had their shrimp tacos and count the days until I go back. Mmmmm!!!
3	Mingos is very cozy with interesting lighting. I went for an after work drink although I wasn't expecting to pay $8 for a glass of "canyon road". I don't mind paying the extra, but I'll probably end up getting a cocktail instead for the same price. They do karaoke Monday night with Tyler caiden and he is just a doll.
5	The best food and service!  Phone chargers at the bar and Eddie and Roman are the best!!  We were hoping for a 49er's win however that was the only disappoint point!!  Thanks for staying late for us Roman and Eddie!!!
4	Everything we ordered was bomb! Every time we come here we try to get something different and are not just not let down but blown away by how delicious the dish is. The bottomless momosas for $20 during brunch is a plus. The service is great! Always so friendly and chipper. Their music selection is enjoyable as is the decor. A fun spot to grab eats and drinks.
5	Dinner was everything I expected and more. Additionally, the added pleasure of meeting Chef Boulud, and seeing the kitchen were once in a lifetime experience. Thank You
