4	I like this store chain- I have a member card so I save 10% every time I make a purchase- believe me, it's worth it. (Also a Hawaiian Miles Mall participant. Free shipping on the website with orders of $50 or more.) Great products- body butter, gifts, and foot kits. I don't go to this one as much as the others, but I can tell you this much: this location is the new & improved location- bigger space- probably one of the bigger locations in town, as a matter of fact. Would stop here if I'm in the area.
4	What can I say?  I love their products.  My favorite is the Hemp lotion for very dry hands.  I went into buy it and the nice saleswoman showed me that it was cheaper to buy the gift box because it was on sale.  She was right.  I brought two.
5	I had a stellar experience here yesterday!  I had not thought of The Body Shop much in the past few years, but recently I saw on slickdeals (which makes Eric R. happy that I reference that site) about their big online sale.  I bought 5 items for 50% off and saved a ton.  I was pleasantly surprised to see a Japan-influenced spa line where I got green tea bath salts and yuzu body milk!  When my friend was having a bad day, I bought her satsuma lip gloss at Town Square.  I was about to go to Ulta yesterday with a $3.50 off coupon for The Body Shop's body butter priced 2 for $27 (regular $18), but I saw online that The Body Shop store was selling it 3 for $30!We had to go to the mall for something else, so I stopped by The Body Shop after our errand.  Heather was my outstanding sales associate, and she was more than helpful.  I originally plucked 3 big body butters: olive, aloe, and almond.  They came with a free tin for this sale.  Then I saw 4 small body butters for $15 with free tin, so i got mango, strawberry, olive and coconut for my boss.At checkout, Heather told me about the Love Your Body loyalty program.  It is normally $10 for a year and includes 10% off everything plus a birthday coupon for $10 and other perks.  Since I was buying a lot of stuff, it was prorated to just over $5 to join if I joined yesterday, and then I would instantly get $10 off for my birthday.  I went for it and then had another $10 to spend.  I saw a 5-sparkly Born Lippy lip balm set for $20, but Heather said the set in "Holiday Packaging" was marked $10, helping me save even more!  That was 10% off, so I still had some change on my birthday coupon, so I got the satsuma hand sanitizer and ended up paying under $1 for the extras.  In the end, I paid exactly 50% of the price for everything I got, which was 3 large body butters, 4 small body butters, 5 lip glosses, 1 hand sanitizer, and 2 tins!  It was quite a haul.Normally I stick with fragrance free lotions but lately I have been using the aloe body butter (which is fragrance free and for sensitive skin) but the olive is for dry skin so I hope that might be a good choice for me as well.  This is a great place to treat yourself or get some gifts!
5	I've been a big fan of their body butters, skincare line, and home products for a while now. What lured me here in the first place was their home fragrance oils that they were burning in the store. The Exotic blend, their signature home fragrance.  Anytime that I have ever entered the store everyone has always been friendly and helpful and is able to suggest products for my sensitive skin.  It pays to become a member of their rewards program, I have made out like a bandit on a lot of purchases.  The sales staff here at this store is wonderful!  One of the sales clerk left a message on my phone couple months ago reminding me that I still had $15 off my purchase.  Forward 2 months later..I just popped in the store since they have a Buy 2 get 1 free offer deal going on. I didn't have any coupon or the message, but sales clerk took my word and rung up adding my $15 off discount.  She was able to look up my info after the fact and yes it was noted that they did call me.  Good organizational skills on their part! So not only did I get the sale prices, I got $15 off my purchase PLUS another 10% off of my total sale with my reward card! Spent less than $5 on 3 items that totaled $30.  Its no wonder why this is one of my favorite stores.
4	haha! ok  I admitt, I  love going to this store to buy the scented oils for the home. A bit fruity ? i think not!  Call it a guy getting in touch with his feminie side.. puawhawhawhaw! I've been buying these oils for over 10 years now and these scented oils work really great to cover up the stinky smells from cooking in the house. The products are great and smells really good. Customer service at the store is great as well, they are always helpful and always have a service with a smile. I normally don't buy their lotions and cosmetics im sure it is great, it smells good! But i can gurantee you that the scented oils are really great for the house. I highly suggest buying the exotic scent and the strawberry scent.
5	It was my first time to shop at Body shop personally besides buying gifts for Christmas. I have purchased a Groupon deal ($10 for $20 value) and I was curious and at the same time excited to see what I can buy. There was so many things to look from skin line products, beauty products, and even scented fragrances for home and perfumes! My friend was shopping with me and I was pretty impressed how the perfume stayed on her for a long while. Since I was indecisive what to pick, me and my friend wanted to see how the make up line is. Omg I wish I had a picture of before and after of my face that Joel, the sales associate applied the all in one compact/foundation. My skin looked absolutely flawless!!! I was so amazed on the transformation it did on my face. Joel did a step by step on what I should do to my make up and he did it with such care, and patience. He made the experience so much fun especially the fact me and my friend didn't know what kind of makeup I should do for my birthday since I was wearing a white dress. He did a phenomenal job matching what lipstick worked best and explained step by step how to highlight and contour with one of their bronze pallets. I bought the brush, all in one compact/foundation, lipstick, & the bronze pallet for roughly around $50 which was originally supposed to be around 70-80 dollars. I've been meaning to buy new makeup and this definitely sealed the deal for me. Definitely an amazing deal that included the Groupon I had purchased a while back.
