4	I rarely go to Wendy's, but my hubby wanted it.  So we got take out for lunch.  The place was packed.  The drive thur line was LONG (about 8 cars ahead).  Place the order, paid, and 30 seconds POOF the entire was  ready.  Ordered:MONTEREY RANCH CRISPY CHICKEN SANDWICH(Crispy fillet of all-white meat chicken topped with Monterey Jack, fresh lettuce and zesty ranch sauce.) from the $0.99 menu.  It is not bad!!  Chicken was crispy (I know it is processed) still not bad with the ranch and cheese.BACONATORApplewood Smoked Bacon piled high atop a 1/4 lb. patty of fresh with sliced American cheese and mayo.  Ok, the bacon is good and it brings out the beef.  All these things together are HUM-GOOD.  FRIESThey are ok.
4	Nice 99 cent menu... better then the then others that are around. The service was fast and friendly and the food was actually good.  I keep forgetting about this place for a quick bite out with the kids because its sort of hidden in a corner next to Dennys where the parking is mostly all for Dennys. Now I will try to remember because there is something for everyone on the value menu. And I will carry their coupons with me too just in case I do happen to stop by. They do happen to send out some awesome coupons that will even make it cheaper. yay!!!
5	Great place to sit, eat and watch sports!
4	BLT salad (no bleu) is the goodness....with extra ranch of course..... And eating in a nice, clean and new restaurant is a plus!
4	Very friendly service at the drive thru!! 48 degrees out side, I'm ordering a large chili!
1	We stopped by at about 5PM on Wednesday for dinner. My wife and I both ordered a single burger with baked potatoe and drink. The burgers were great, the drinks are Coke, now the baked potatoes, they were old, discolored and cold inside, very nasty. They appeared that they could have been even from the day before, not many places have baked potatoes but none would be better than bad ones. I would even wait the five minutes it takes to Nuke one rather than what we were served. One more chance and Wendy's will be off our radar screen.
1	How can a single store consistently put out such horrible items. Now I will say that I do go late and usually only because everything else is closed but is that an excuse? You are open, you are open. Its has been several months since I last was traumatized with old, stale EVERYTHING but last night after a 5 hour trip up to Flagstaff and back, I was desperate at the thought of having to make something at home. It was last night 12:45 (close at 1:00) I ordered 2 Jr Chz Dlx (extra pickles and onions) and a small chili with onions. Well I got a cheeseburger with guess what? Pickles and onions- nothing else and oh yeah, a 2/3 full cup of room temperature chili. OMG why don't I learn????? I have had AWESOME Wendy's before- It can be done. Maybe if I went at lunch I would have better luck but but under no circumstances am I risking a lunch meal there. I am a night nurse so many times I go to these places because of my busy schedule so this is my excuse- What is yours Wendy's?PS....... Never again
1	This restaraunt has from line employers who have visible tattoos.  Disgusting.  They do not care about professionalism or cleanliness of the employees.
4	For fast food, this was pretty good. It was actually fresh and tasty food.Bonus for techies and those of us who have nomadic offices: they have a plug-in station and free Wi-Fi.Everyone working there must've been tired (or bored). No one smiled.
2	The only reason I am rating this store 2 stars is because I like the salads.  Every single time I go through the drive through they always leave something out or its not even what I ordered. I normally let things roll off my shoulders but it's so incredibly irritating when you pay for something that you never receive because some of us don't have time to stop back through. I think McDonald's has gotten more orders correctly. Won't be returning to this location anymore.
2	So just came back home from wendys after i ordered a pretzel bun burger with chicken ...open the bag and surprise I got a regular burger with bacon wtf ..really it took just a min to order and get the order and it was not even busy !
2	Went to Wendy's for dinner tonight. This location is always freezing inside! I wish the fireplace actually put out heat. I ordered the 6 piece nuggets, Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger (plain), and had to try their new BBQ Pork Cheese Fries. You have a choice of sweet, smoky, or spicy sauce. I decided to try the sweet. Their Coca Cola Freestyle machines were out of a lot of flavors. Tables were dirty and needed to be wiped down. When the food came out, I was disappointed to see onions on the pork fries. I didn't realize it came with onions, so we had to scoop them off. Of course you can never get them all... There wasn't a lot of BBQ pork on the fries. The flavor was nothing special. I had a bite of my boyfriend's pork sandwich with the smoky sauce and I liked that sauce better. The sandwich was a whole lot more bread than pork though. Kinda sad really. My burger was simple but tasted good with the bacon. The nuggets were fine (actually got 7) but didn't really do it for me tonight. Should've gone for the spicy nuggets. There was a very long line of cars in the drive thru when we left!
4	Your typical Wendy's.  Fruits were fresh, service was fast & everything was pleasant.
