1	First, I waited over 1 hour for them to deliver the pizza but tipped them anyway since it was a hot day. Then, as I bit into the pepperoncini that was included, I found (to my horror) what looked like a dead caterpillar or maggot inside! (and yes, I took a lot of pictures for anyone who would like to identify what type of bug it truly is) I quickly called them to tell them to get rid of the whole batch so other customers wouldn't experience the same problem.  They apologized and offered me a free pizza, but I highly doubt I would ever return to even consider their offer.
1	We ordered pizza today for lunch in our dental office.  The doctor was eating and a piece of glass was in the pizza.  They offered to return the money never did.  I don't recommend going to this store.
3	YIKES!  I just read the other reviews for this place and they sound terrifying!!!!  I fortunatly have not had those issues.  The pizza it okay.  It's nothing spectacular and I would say it's a step above frozen pizza.  Since I'm a student at CSN, I get 50% off.  I've been here twice and done take out both times and I haven't had any issues.
5	Ok, I don't know about these claims, but we actually have ordered from this location for almost 9 years now and have NEVER had any issue.  Maybe 2-3 times the pizza has been "off" from normal as far as being undercooked, dough a little flat, etc...but never have we had any bugs, glass, etc...  Actually can't really say anyone ever copped a bad attitude, which is not an easy task for a pizza joint with cheap, turnover labor.  I always pickup, thus see the inside of the kitchen and have never seen anything alarming.  I have been in many a pizza kitchen in my life being in a small town and having family own and operate pizza kitchens.  We have the online membership and I think it equates to every 25 points you get a free pizza.  Well, we have probably earned 7-8 free pizza.  I believe a point is earned for each large pizza ordered.  We order there A LOT.  Probably at least once a month, sometimes more.  My only complaint used to be the pick up closing at 9 pm, but I think that is 10:30 now.While I wish we had a local pizza, this has been the most consistent pizza place we have been able to find for take out at a reasonable price.  And I love the bread stick crust and the garlic dipping sauce, but I encourage people to change it up and get the cheese dipping sauce.  I have dozens of the little sauces in the fridge at all times.
1	Today was my breaking point in the terrible service at this location. I ordered a small pizza at approximately 1:10pm. By 2:30 I had still not seen or heard from them. I called the location to see what the hold up was. I provided my address (which is 3 miles away) and was told there was never and order placed. I was then told estimated delivery time was 1.5 hours "because of the rain." I could walk there and back in that amount of time. I then checked my bank account, (notification from my android) and found that my charge had been reversed. So they were to lazy to drive 3 miles on a Sunday. By the way: there was no rain at the quoted time. There were clouds to the north west, bit roughly 30 miles out.
1	Where do I begin . . I ordered a pizza and breadsticks and the man on the phone said it would be delivered around 30-45 minutes later . . So after an hour I called to see if maybe the delivery guy got lost or couldn't find my home and the same guy answered the phone and had no idea what I was talking about he then said "oh uhh yea we uh just got the pizza so he'll leave now and be there soon " I had no idea what he meant by that but I took it as he hadn't even left yet  After another 40 minutes I called again and the same guy answered and said "he left like 45 minutes ago he'll be there soon" and then said "I told you it would be an hour and 45 minutes wait"  . . umm no he did not or I would have just gone to pick it up myself  . . When the delivery guy finally arrived it had been two hours since I had placed the order and the Pizza and breadsticks were cold and the pizza and breadsticks both tasted terrible not at all how they usually taste  . . bland and just very bad in general (everyone agreed) and on top of everything else the delivery guy was extremely rude . . I always order through papa johns and I have for years but this was the 1st and the last time I will ever order from that location
1	Pizza was crushed and all the cheese and toppings stuck to the box.  The driver didn't care.  The store didn't care.  Even wrote corporate and got no response.  Get your pizza some place else as they don't care about your business.
1	Today I ordered from them for the first time to carry out a large bbq chicken pizza. Wen I got home I noticed that it had onions.  Wen I called them to ask to exchange it I was denied.  So much for customer service.  I May have lost 12 $ for the purchase but they lost a customer for ever.  Thank you tim for providing a horrible experience. I can see why everyone else gives them a bad review.
2	uh oh, I really hate to write a bad review after defending from the bad allegations and again, the issue is not glaring, but nonetheless a big issue that will be terminating my business of ten years if not dealt with.A few weeks ago, I ordered and a young, somewhat unkempt, but because she thought it was "cool" girl was at the register with her emo hair flying wildly out of her hat.  As both a customer and a former employer of teens in food labor, this was very disgusting and off putting for me and I really don't want to eat from someone who just handed me my food with straggly, wild hair everywhere.  I would have preferred the girl have a little more of a clean cut style, but she also wasn't necessarily unclean.  Just personally also disgusting to see people mutating their ears with those plug things.  The issue was just more of a management issue of teaching teens about proper work place hygiene in a kitchen.  As everyone mentioned below, I sent a review through papa john's website to corporate only to get no response and when I went in today had the same exact girl with the same exact issue of "cool" scruffed up hair wildly bursting out of her ball cap....this also led me to see that no one was wearing gloves of any kind, nor hair nets.  I have always felt that the kitchen was decently ran and clean, but noticing an unkempt employee makes one glance further and my stomach is a little turned off.  It would be nice if papa john responded to customer relations because they may have just lost a pizza a week customer for the last ten years.
1	Only one star because 0 stars isn't an option   I arrived late due to nightmare traffic on I-15 and nearly everything was closed. Despite my deeply held loathing for Papa John's (issues with them honoring their own coupons) I called them anyway to order two cheese pizzas for pickup. I was informed that I could wait 90 minutes for delivery but couldn't drive there and pick them up. Huh?  I was told its a safety issue. But it's perfectly safe to send drivers out at night?  Morons. They just confirmed everything I hate about Papa John's.  I've never wanted to see a company go out of business so badly as I do Papa John's.
5	Tim was very nice to us and gave us great customer service!! That's much appreciated. Also pizza is good.
