1	Well after signing a 10 month contract with this company... I am really regreting this now. They make you write an email to their corporate email account, and promise a reply when you want to cancel your membership. So far I havent heard anything back from them and they have continued to draft payments out of my account. I havent even tanned here in months! Their customer service here is bad!!! I even spoke with a woman on the phone who promised a manager would call and speak to me. I haven't heard anything back. So unless you want a membership that lasts forever I wouldn't recommend signing a contract with them, or you will be spending a lot of dedicated time getting out of it!
5	Awesome place! They have great tanning beds and spray booth options if you wanna go that route. The staff at this location is super friendly and easy on the eyes I might add. Totally recommend!
1	They say you can cancel your membership anytime. Don't believe it! I tried canceling for 3 months. The guy at the front desk tells me "ok you are canceled and will not be billed again" and they kept billing my credit card. I emailed their corporate office like I was instructed to 3 times and never got a reply! The only way to stop them from billing you is to cancel your credit card. Totally rediculous! I'm out $300 for this bs.*** UPDATE ***I go in here the other day to sit in a tanning bed. They tell me  the price and I agree for 1 session. She looks up my name and tells me I owe them $450 for unbillable monthly fees and late fees!!!I look at this blond bimbo and explain what happened. She says "you can call corporate monday to friday". I told her "I want to give you my money now for a tanning session, do you understand I want to GIVE YOU MONEY". She just stares at me and I walk out.
5	I love it here, I also love the new one that opened up over by Silverado Ranch and Maryland Pkwy. The tanning beds are awesome. I always go into the Extreme. The FGT beds are also fantastic. I haven't been to a better place that has better tanning beds. The monthly fee is a bit pricey but I've had my membership for almost two years now and it's totally worth it if you go into the best beds. A one time drop-in session is very expensive and can get pricey if you go all the time.
1	I've been to a few tanning salons in town, and while they are all pricey, Body Heat's contract cancellation fee is absolutely ridiculous. A contract is good for 10 months where you're paying 60 a month, and to cancel, its a whopping $200! Really?! As if it's an important association. It's a TANNING salon! Aside from that, its limited to Nevada so its practically impossible to move without practically selling them your lung. In addition, they don't offer other benefits within their contract. I visited another tanning salon where my friend is a member, and to avoid possible thoughts that I'm an employee there, I'm going to keep the name anonymous. Anyway, it's the same price and they treat their "VIP" members with monthly facial red light treatments, hydration stations and water massage beds. To sum my frustration up, as part of the customer service industry, I'm well aware that exemplary customer service is what brings people back to businesses. That being said, being excessively ripped off by Body Heat tanning is enough cause to avoid this place at all costs in the future. Based on previous comments, my disappointment appears to be a shared feeling amongst others.
1	Worste customer service ever. Went in & asked the girl behind the counter about prices, when she was done texting she quickly went over them & was rude about it. I'll never return.Luckily I found Elite Tanning off Silverado Ranch & Bermuda. Girls are always friendly & the salon is always clean. Love all the beds they offer & great on prices :)
1	I went into Body Heat Tanning in mid January to prepare for my cruise on February 2. I explained to the employee that I only wanted to get tan for my cruise, and that I would not need to tan after my cruise. She told me that for one month of tanning it would be $36. I happily purchased the package, and she had me sign an electronic tablet for what she said was "liability release from harm for using the machines" I though nothing of it and signed. My last tanning session was January 30. Well on February 4 I was charged $38.37. I did not notice on my checking account because I was on the cruise. Then on March 2 I was charged another $38.37. I noticed this time. I immediately tried to call, and got no answer. A few days later I called again and was told that what I signed was a month-to-month contract. I explained that I was never told that I was entering into a contract and I asked for a refund. They explained that they could not process a refund, and they would pass my information on to the corporate billing department. a week went by, no call back. I called again and was told that Melissa in billing was not available and she would call me tomorrow. Then I had sinus surgery and was out of it for about a week. I called again on Mar 25 and spoke with Cheyenne. She apologized and promised that Melissa would call me the next day, because Melissa is "the only person in our company that can process refunds". No call the next day. I called and left a voicemail. No call back. I called again today and actually spoke with Melissa, who informed me that she cannot process refunds, which is a contradiction to what Cheyenne told me, but Cheyenne never passed on my information to Melissa, so I guess I shouldn't believe anything she says anyway. Melissa explains to me that "many companies are now using digital signature pads and it is your responsibility to ask for a copy." Granted, I should have asked for a copy of what I was signing. My bad. So now I am waiting to hear back from Melissa who is waiting to hear back from Corporate (if she even sent my info to them) about my refund for $76.74. I will never go back to Body Heat, nor will I ever recommend anyone to them.
1	They completely ripped me off. Said I used my sessions when I did not and could not prove it. I  They would not give me anyone to talk to beyond the office manager. Terrible company. I will be reporting to the better business bureau. was actually out of town on the dates in question.
5	I've been an indoor tanner for many years and I've lived all over this great country. I admit in the past that Body Heat has had some issues regarding employee attitudes. But I have noticed a dramatic positive change over the past year...the stores have always been spotless and their equipment is as good as anywhere in the US, but the staff seem happier and better trained than in the past. I'd recommend to anyone that's had past issues, to give them another try...except for some of the upset ex employees whose faces I've recognized on some of these posts...Kudos to Body Heat for cleaning house and bringing in some good staff!
1	Literally the worst tanning salon you could go to. The owners are so shady and ever wonder why you don't always see the same girls? It's because they can't keep employees around long enough to build up a good clientele. They will rip you off and sign you up for something you don't want. My recommendation is going to Palm Beach or ultimate tanning. You'll get better service here. Kathy and Josiah are continuing to buy salons they can't handle and all they are worried about are being the ONLY tanning salon in vegas. Lord help us if that happens.
5	I really like this tanning salon. Service has been great for me so far. I've tanned regularly at a couple other salons in town that I loved, but I was really looking for convenience and close to my gym. Now that I'm back to lvac, this salon is in the same parking lot and couldn't be more convenient. The salon is clean, full of new and amazing beds, and informative sales reps. I think those are my biggest desires in a tanning salon. They've all been met here at Body Heat..
5	Bodyheat is amazing! The beds always give me good color and the wait is never very long, if I even have to wait at all. With all the locations Bodyheat offers, I can tan ANYWHERE at ANYTIME since they have multiple 24hr salons with an employee there at all times. They have awesome lotions that really give you perfect results! I won't tan anywhere else.
2	Awful experience dealing with sales! Didn't even get the consultant's name; I can only tell you she is blonde, with shoulder-length hair, and much older than the other 2 [front desk] girls I have met there.    She was busy signing up a client when I arrived, but was nice enough to let me know she'd be with me shortly.  After 10 minutes, she was still with her new client so she asked the receptionist to give me a tour.  I didn't mind.  She was knowledgeable.  I asked if they sold individual sessions and she confirmed.      The consultant wrapped up with her guest as we returned to the front desk.  There, she skipped introductions and immediately asked me what I was looking for.    I'm not new to tanning, and my skin is naturally tan, so I knew I needed 3 tans at most.   Enter the rabbit hole.    I said I was interested in individual sessions, unless there was a package of 3 that would save me a bit if I paid up front.  She was affirmative and stated I could get a prorated membership for the rest of the month (there was about a week and a half left) then cancel.  I jumped at the offer, because the price for unlimited tanning for the rest of the month vs. 3 sessions was a steal!     This put her on overdrive.  She was very chatty in between explaining eyewear, lotions, and my "membership."  She asked for my payment and explained that she was running my card for the prorated amount, and I agreed.  AFTER [!] swiping my card, she said I would be billed on the 1st of next month on the same card.  Confused, I asked, "so I am paying for this month, AND more next month? For what?" She replied, "Yeah.  You can cancel your membership after the month.  This is what we talked about."  I apologized because I apparently misunderstood; I only wanted to purchase a package to the end of the current month and thought I could cancel before paying for another month.  I asked if this was possible.  She assured me that that is what we were doing.  Not convinced, I asked her to clarify.    At that point, my card was already processed, and in one breath, she asked me to sign for it and repeated, "This is what we talked about."   Her tone was so matter-of-fact and I slowly grew agitated.  Still, I apologized [for the second time] and told her, "That is not what I understood.  I would've purchased individual sessions if I knew I had to commit to another month."  I reminded her of my initial request for 3 sessions.  With the same curt tone of voice, she replied, "Well I already ran your card.  I thought that's what we talked about.  I explained everything to you.  You can call our billing department, but there is nothing I can do now.  Please sign here."  I told her I wasn't comfortable signing for my transaction, because we were not clear on our terms.  She said, "I know but I need you to sign this."  Again, I refused.  She said, "You have to sign.  I could lose my job.  It looks like I committed credit card fraud."  The upset part of me thought, "Well you SOMEWHAT did." And "Good, now you will actually do something about it besides deflect me to that automated abyss we all know as billing."  Instead, I insisted there had to be a way to void the transaction.  She said there was nothing she could do.  What credit card machine doesn't have the function to void?! At an establishment that routinely performs large transactions, no less? I didn't believe her, but I was sympathetic.  I told her  I wasn't trying to get her fired as much as I wasn't trying to commit to another month of tanning, and that I would sign it, though I was very unhappy.  We went in a few more circles about what she swore was clear and what I understood.  This is when she sat me down.    I appreciated this much, because I could tell she tried to hit her reset button.  She lowered and changed her tone of voice.  Then she asked if membership was explained during the tour, almost as if she was going to blame someone else for misinforming me.  I told her I only inquired about individual sessions.  She then got on her phone to speak with billing/a manager, but to no avail.  In the blink of an eye, she was high-strung again and she walked me back to the front desk to sign.  Defeated, angry, and trembling, I signed.  While she printed and explained our "agreement," I checked out.  All I could think of was the Better Business Bureau (who I have never felt the need to contact until then).  I asked for a billing dept. number and she said it was on the paper.  I stormed out.  A few moments later, the receptionist [who observed the entire thing] opened the door and called me back.  Before we went in, she was genuinely apologetic and low-key told me that the consultant has a history of these experiences.  This much was obvious.  Anyhow, I guess billing called her back and we were able to cancel the upcoming membership on the spot--this, plus the sweet receptionist, is what the extra star is for.  Overall a total waste of my time!
5	24 hour tanning salon? Yes please! The staff are all super friendly, the salon is clean and they run great specials throughout the year. Marie and Aspen both know me by name and I only come in once or twice a week. Specially I purchased a service I didn't enjoy so corporate happily changed it to upgrades for the services I frequently use. Great salon!!!
1	Horrible experience, very poor service. I thought I swore off Bodyheat because of the crowd coming from the nearby gym, but now I remeber it was because of the pushiness and rudeness of sales.  The woman was extremely passive aggressive and completely pressured me into signing a contract when I only wanted a one time session.  When I first walked in, there was a male clerk, I explained to him that I don't tan often (2-4 times a year) and just wanted a high power bed for one time.  He was ready to sign me up and just let me go my 10 minutes as requested, great!  All of a sudden this woman (manager maybe) jumps in and starts talking to me about the packages and how I'm wasting my money.  I keep saying "I just want one time" she then goes  she insists and insists I sign up.  After declining over and over she finally signs me up for one session.  She then proceeds to ask me about my lotion and to see it, she shakes it, tells me its old and says I must buy a new one.  So I buy an small package.  She then says that I'm not making a good decision because if we prorate my mounth it's cheaper than what I am paying for one session.  So at this point I think "Oh I guess a package would be cheaper."  She signs me up for the 10 month because there's no additional membership fee, in my head I know this is something I don't want, but felt so pressured that I signed the contract.  I didn't even get my 10 minute power nap in because the entire time in the bed I kept thinking how I made a mistake and wanted to reverse what just happened.  After the bed went off I put my clothes back on as fast as I could and went out to the front.  There was a line ahead of me so I waiting.  She kept asking how my experience was and I just kept saying "fine."  When I get back to her, I tell her that I cannot commit to a 10 month contract as my husband and I are trying to get pregnant.  She then becomes very hostile and  sternly asks why didn't I express this to her earlier!?!  I tried to justify myself that I have a lot going on and only want the one time.  I would like to reverse my card and only pay the one time fee.   She tells me that this is something that cannot be done and I shouldn't even tan even if I'm trying and to cancel the contract is a $210 fee!  She tells me that I have to call corporate.  I walked out to my car and called the number she gave me.  The girl was very helpful, she defused the situation by lowering my memebership to a month to month to a level one bed at only $35 without the $20 memebership fee rather  of the $89 I was forced into.  I am going to cancel my membership at the end of the month, I will not be returning.
1	I have tanned here for the past couple years,  only in the month or so leading into summer. I am always very clear that I am not interested in a membership and I pay cash at that time. Last year they insisted on having my ATM card on record even though I was paying cash but assured me that if there were any charges made to my account all I would have to do is call the corporate office. sure enough the first of the next month they charged the membership fee to my account. Every month for six months thereafter they charged my account. I sent emails and called their corporate office countless times during that time, never any response. Ultimately, I had to handle it through my financial institution and have them block them as an authorized retailer for accessing my account. This year I went in for my same pre-summer tanning sessions and they told me I owed them over $400. Once again I explain that I had never been interested in a membership and have never signed up for one. I was able to contact the corporate office at that point in time and got the matter straightened out, all charges were removed because I had never used any other sessions other than the month I had paid for (which is what I told the girl I was purchasing in the first place). I went back into the salon once again paid cash and started tanning, figuring I would put my best foot forward. I went in the following month and paid cash once again for my month of tanning, I just went in the store to try to tan and they informed me that I owe them over $200 for my unpaid "membership" for the past two months. I explained to the girl I did not have a membership & I did not authorize you to access my account. I have paid cash anytime I was interested in tanning sessions. She says I am not tanning if I don't pay. I called the corporate office and got voicemail so I called back to the billing department as I was explaining the situation the girl hung up on me. When I attempted to call her back the line continues to ring busy. I was not raising my voice or being disrespectful or rude in any way. In a city this size with so many options for tanning salons I don't know why they continue to try to pull the scam with their membership fees and charges. If I wanted a membership I would sign up for it. I will never use the salon again and I do not recommend it to anyone else.
5	I use to go to the one on durango, but since i moved i have tried this one out. LOVE IT! especially my east coast girlfriend maria being over there! She is amazing !!
5	Maria & Aspen....5 thumbs up!!! Love these girls!!!   A+ customer service...ty for your hard work ladies!!! Shauna G
5	maria,  is so accomondating, knowledge of her product, upsales, and is super friendly, her and aspen a+, please give them a heads up#!!! awesume!!!!wouldnt tan at another location!!!!thx.  shauna gonzalez
5	I absolutely love this place!Let me preface with, when I first moved here, I had NEVER tanned in my life. I am super light skinned and burn very easily, and the only time I ever tried spray tanning, i looked orange. So needless to say, I was super nervous about giving it another go. Marie took the time to walk me through everything step by step and made me feel super at home and comfortable. The place is very well taken care of and always extremely clean. The staff is great, but Marie is hands down the absolute best. She makes you feel welcome every time you step through the door. Oh, and the spray tan and tanning beds are awesome. I always walk out feeling great and looking great! This place definitely gets an A rating in my book, as well as my girl, Marie! :)
5	Love this place! I've been coming here and had a VIP membership for over 3 years. Marie is awesome and the fact they have all new beds. You can beat the pricing and specials and your can't beat the 1/2 price upgrades on Sundays!!!
4	I am new to Body Heat. I really like the beds. I appreciate that Aspen is very informative and doesn't want me to burn. She always is clear and concise. She had been awesome.  However,  there was a guy working the other night that made me VERY uncomfortable. One of my girlfriends said the same thing. Luckily I'm on month to month so if I see him and get the same vibe again, I'll probably cancel or start going to another location.
5	If this is the Body Heat by Pho Sagion8 well I came in for my first time to this location and Maria showed me around all the different beds and how to work them as opposed to the other locations im used to.  She was great and since I'm new to Henderson even gave me directions around to my other stops I mentioned I had to make....
5	I love this location. They have the best beds and the best service. Marie was really helpful and knowable with all the beds and products. Try the first bed to the right. I always forget the name but it gives me a great tan.
5	Marie was very friendly and I got exactly what I wanted.  I wasn't interested in a monthly plan only a specific amount of sessions.  She explained to me what was available and I agreed upon a plan.  She told me what they had to offer but didn't try to give me the crazy hard sell of products.  If after my sessions are finished I'm still interested I'll probably sign up for the month to month as it was very convenient and clean.
