2	Where did the day go?  I looked at the clock and saw it was 5:30pm... I knew Jared would be home soon and hungry for dinner, and since I told him I'd make us something I ran out to the store.  Sick of the Safeway up the street, I decided to try Fry's instead.  I'd been in once before but I didn't remember it being as bad as it felt today.First of all, I didn't feel safe (even in the broad daylight) as I got out of my car and walked into the store.  It not only felt dirty, but the people around me were not people that I felt comfortable around.  My gut must've been right, because I noticed there was at least one security guard hanging out by the door.I held my purse and cell phone close to my body as I shopped, walking by a few people with body odor and not making eye contact with anyone.  The food selection at this location is meh, but I managed to find what I was looking for... some eggs, chicken breasts, spinach, as well as an additional $20 worth of random sh*t that I didn't anticipate buying today. (Am I the only one that does this?  I do this all of the time - I walk in with a grocery list of 5 items and walk out with 20!)  But I digress...The thing that takes Fry's down from a 3 star review to a 2 star review is the annoying thing that you only get the special Fry's pricing if you have a Fry's card.  Usually, the check-out person has a spare card they can run for you, but today that was not the case.  Since I have at least two Fry's cards already (that of course I left at home or in another purse or something), I didn't want to take yet another one... so I had to bother the gentleman behind me to borrow his.  (Thank goodness he said yes, as it did save me $5!)  So, needless to say, I've definitely experienced better food stores than this specific Fry's location.  (I happen to love the Fry's Super Stores by the way so it's nothing against Fry's as a company - just this specific store).  Next time I'm in need of some quick groceries, I'll be heading elsewhere.  Sorry Fry's!
3	I agree with Gabi regarding the look of this Fry's. It's definitely pretty dumpy and in much need of a remodel. They also need to figure out the parking lot grocery cart situation as it's a mess! Once I went in and they were no available grocery carts inside the store. I had to search the parking lot to find one. I will however disagree about it not being safe, I shop here pretty regularly and have never felt unsafe, but I would recommend anyone taking extra precautions in any parking lot. Now once inside, the prices are pretty competive and the staff is always very friendly.  Perhaps the owners of this Fry's will eventually remodel this location and turn it into a Fry's Marketplace one day it would definitely make my shopping experience here so much more pleasant!
4	I love the east side of Phoenix I swear they have cleaner grocery stores.  This particular frys has a good selection of produce, meat, and daily. The  store is user friendly, staff seems to always be smiling. I like that the staff is helpful, usually greats you with a smile.
3	This Fry's is smaller than the one I usually go to and doesn't carry all the brands I'm looking for. Or, they may have the brand, but not which variety I want. I also find them not to carry to many items for us "veggie" types such as milk or meat alternatives. So, I only find myself going here for a last minute item I forgot as it's the closest. They do have a big parking lot and self checkout, which I'm a fan of.
3	This is a smaller fry's location, but still has plenty to offer. The store is normally clean, but caters to senior citizens. Walkers, depends, and medicinal items right when you walk in. The bus is always here dropping seniors off from their home to here. The one thing that drives me crazy is the poorly designed parking lot. Too small and you better hope the 95 year old see's your car before they just start backing up!
2	Where's the Organic section?Where's the Fresh Mozzarella floating in water?  I wanted to make Caprese, but their artisan meats and cheeses were lacking.After checkout, I bought 5 scratchers and didn't win anything!
2	This store is small - which isn't bad, BUT and it is a BIG BUT, it isn't super clean and the stock is limited.   They haven't had lemons for 2 weeks, weekly they run out of bakery hamburger buns (made in store), produce is always low - especially weekends and holidays.    Who has heard of running out of bakery made buns on 4th of July?How about lemons in July and August.   Last Thanksgiving I had to go to a Frys Market Place to get my Turkey.     Someone needs to learn what holidays mean and what foods are needed.     They seems to have changed management in last 6-9 months and it is not a good thing.    Also seem to have a lot of turn over on the registers.    I will say there Pharmacy people Allan and David are EXCELLENT
