3	Toyo, Toyo, Toyo... where do I begin. I was first introduced to this place 4 years ago, for my friend's 18th birthday. We had an unbelievably fun time with the tempenyaki grills and a wonderful chef/performer. I came back another time for a company dinner (my suggestion, woo!) and they were able to accomodate close to 25-30 of us at 2 facing tables. We had another great performance by a chef and everyone left satisfied.I've come back several times since, in much smaller groups. Unfortunately, the chefs never perform or make a spectacle for smaller parties only the large groups, pretty disappointing. Also, the food can be pretty bland if not seasoned perfectly - which has been the case the last couple of times.It's also not really that cheap given the portions. Service is pretty decent at the tempenyaki tables - soup, salad and the meal for one price (rice included) for one price and the servers are usually quick to bring out this portion. Tempenyaki takes a little bit of time - so do not come in here if you're in a rush - they usually wait to fill up the whole table with small parties... which by the way, is incredibly awkward! I'm sure there are better tempenyaki places in Montreal, but Toyo will make do.
5	I was going out to dinner with a client and wanted something good near my hotel. My brother, being a local, recommended Toyo. Although you can get sushi here, the main attraction is the Teppanyaki.As other Yelpers have mentionned, if you don't come with a large enough group to fill up the whole table, they will seat you with others and you'll have to wait until the whole table is full before the chef will start the show/dinner. Luckily for us, this only took about 15 minutes, in which we had enough time to sample some of their tasty sake.Our chef was absolutely hilarious! He had a sort of Bruce Lee trying to do a joke type of humour and was a magician with his utensils. My colleague went for the scallops, while I opted for the filet mignon. Both were very tasty but the chef mentioned that I should try the samurai steak next time, as it's his personal favourite (he let me have a little bite and it was delicious).Half way through the dinner, he asked us if anyone was celebrating anything special. We weren't there for anything in particular but my birthday was coming up that weekend so I told him I was turning 28. He surprised us with something spectacular (see the pic I posted!).We really had a great evening here. I highly recommend Toyo if you're in the mood for a fantastic dinner and a show.
4	It is not just a meal ... It is fun evening with a delicious food and a great presentation .I gave it 4 star because it is not at the same level of Benihana in Toronto and the US.I believe it is the best available Japanese grill house in Montreal island .It is a bit expensive because of the location.
4	Bring a sweater and leggings/pants with you, because this place is freezing! There's something wrong with their ventilation/air-conditioning system. It might be warmer if you sit next to the grill.The sushi is always good but I've never had the grill. It's a great place to get together with friends, family or colleagues for any group event. Children's birthday parties are celebrated a lot here. I plan on celebrating mine here in September.
5	Such a cool environment .. its awesome for partys snd the chefs always entertaining the guests I find it a very new york feeling... I love it. The food is great and so are the drinks , we went once for sushi .. it was great!! So fresh and clean.
4	Had a great experience here. Our chef had lots of fun with the meal and put on a good show. Food was fantastic and a large portion. Great time all around.
