5	I took my three cats here today and have found my permanent vet. Dr. Karnia and her staff were friendly and welcoming and don't make you and your cats feel like a burden, like some other vets seem to do. I believe (I could be wrong) they only take one client at a time so when you're there, you get their undivided attention. It's a newer clean building, with no funky animal smell. Plus, no dogs so the cats don't have a panic attack or pick up the scent and return home to fight each other. Prices seem fair enough...Base price of $56 for the physical exam, then each cat got booster shots, leukemia blood test (came back negative!), and a one-time ear mite treatment. Total bill was $450 ($150 each) for all three cats getting all those treatments. On a side note...One of my cats is clever enough to open doors. He jumps on the handle and hangs on it, holding it down until the door is ajar giving him the chance to peace out. He was feeling frisky and gave it a try, and nearly escaped the exam room. Instead of feeling it a nuisance, Dr Karnia and staff found it amusing and tried to take a video of him doing it on their digital camera. Technical difficulties with the new camera prevented them from preserving it on video, but they do take cute pics of each cat and attach them to your cat's profile in their computer...I thought that was a nice little bit of personalization.
5	This vet's office and staff are more professional than most of the human doctors I have encountered. I would never take my cats anywhere else.
5	My trips to the vet in the past have been detrimental for both Toby and I.  My little feline buddy would curse me for days after shoving him in a hard plastic carrier for the 45 minute (perhaps Christy L and I were making the EXACT same trip before) roadie to the vet.  He would scream and pee and freak out and I would do just about the same.  By the time we got back home it felt like we were never be friends again.  Enter Scottsdale Cat Clinic.  Our 6 minute jaunt to the doc was still filled with the regular car-indused mania but  knowing we were just blocks from our destination made things much easier.  When we arrived, our very patient and loving vet-tech Katrina cradled my little freak-out king, talking softly and calmly, and Toby took to her right away.  They cleaned him up (6 minutes is sure as shit still time to wet yourself!) and made him feel comfortable.  They werent at all nervous or annoyed when he started hissing a bit later at a needle, or when he scoffed at their treat bribes to sit still on the scale.  The office was clean and modern and the staff, everyone from the receptionist to the Dr was polite, organized and intelligent.  Usually vet offices are chaotic frenzy but this felt more like I was walking into a pet spa.  I love that this office specializes in cats only as well.  Toby just needed an annual check up, a rabies shot and a new diet for his extra summer weight so we were in and out in no time.  The office even called us the very next day to check in on us and be sure he had handled the whole trip just fine.  To me, a good vet is hard to find, and as important as a good doctor.  I will never take my cat anywhere else!
5	I've brought both my cats here for care and Dr. Karnia and her staff have been so caring and thorough with each of them. I appreciate the honesty in this business. I've been to places where they like to tack on extra things for your cat, but SCC tells you exactly what your cat needs and nothing more. One of my cats needed 2 teeth extractions and Dr. Karnia clearly showed me why. There was a low and high estimate for the cost and when she was done, it turned out being the exact number for the low estimate since nothing extra was needed. Like I said, love the honesty of this business and the quality care they give my cats. Thanks Dr. Karnia!
5	The Scottsdale Cat Clinic is wonderful. Dr. Karnia is very gentle and kind. It couldn't be more transparent she loves her job. Her office is clean and tasteful. She is up-to-date in regards to technology--each exam room has a computer and she keeps digital images on file. She understands that cats are scared and want to explore. Tubby, my 3-year-old, mysteriously turns circles when he's nervous. Dr. Karnia videotaped him to get more information for me at a neurology conference she is attending. I left an after hours VM and my call was returned promptly the next morning before the office even opened! Tubby loved the entire staff. It is worth every penny to have a sweet, competent veterinarian you trust.
5	My cat only hates two things. Being in the car and going to the vet. That's the whole reason I started taking him to the Scottsdale Cat Clinic. It was just a couple miles from home. Turns out it was great choice. The Scottsdale Cat Clinic always seems to have an opening when I need to make an appointment. It's very clean with absolutely no hint that you're in a vet's office, and the staff is very friendly and efficient.   The prices are also no more expensive than any other place.My cat dislikes the poking and proding process, but they manage to get him through it as fast as possible. Every time he needs something extra, they're very good about explaining why he needs it, and how it will help. My cat also is overweight, and I was given suggestions of different foods I can buy at the pet store instead of first trying to sell me a prescription food.
5	Another great review for the Scottsdale Cat Clinic.  Everything everyone else has said is true.  This place and the people will immediately put you and your kitty at ease.  They are very relaxed and professional at all times.  After the stress of shoving your kitty in that cat carrier, and all those other stressful vet visits you've had elsewhere, it's a welcome relief.Our cat is a rescue, and her past is a little sketchy down to even knowing exactly when she was born.  Making it worse? Her first vet who misdocumented a spay for her (he 'missed' her out of a group of kittens somehow but certified she was spayed), so when we did get her spayed a year later after figuring out what all that nightly yowling was about we weren't sure about other documentation (shots etc).  Well, those spotty terrible records have been transferred to the up-to-date lovely people at Scottsdale Cat Clinic.  They checked her out, complimented her strong haunches (she loves to jump and climb), weighed her clipped her nails, gave her some shots - and all with the very most minimal kitty or owner stress.I could only wish they took people.  Anyone have a doctor or dentist this great? :)
1	Yep, from five stars to one! It appears that this clinic is only courteous when you have a bottomless Scottsdale wallet. Otherwise, they browbeat you into feeling like the worst pet owner ever, even when faced with an Impossible end-of-life situation. This update is written two years after the beloved pet in question passed away, so is by no means a grief-stricken, heat-of-the-moment review. For compassionate care, I now recommend Scaredy Cat.
5	I just moved to town and my cat was presenting with some signs of dehydration.  (Of course, once I made the call to the Vet he perked up!).  They got me in within a day.  The front staff was very nice and friendly, the tech was very helpful and it really showed that she loves cats.  The Dr was very helpful, too, and I didn't feel like I was a bad pet owner like the vet I had seen before I moved to town in my hometown.  They provided me with lots of handouts, checked the cats microchip (which unbeknown to me, wasn't even registered even though I paid, so glad they did this especially being in a new town), gave me some dental food for the cat to try out, and gave us detailed info on his weight, etc.  They even gave me a lazer pointer to help my cat lose a pound or two!  When I left, they gave me an exam summary and went over it with me.  I really appreciated this.  My old vet just gave me a bill with no recommendation for a next visit.  On their website, you can upload pics of your cat, and keep up to date with his health.  They also have information online that you can look at, like how to bring your cat to the vet, and symptoms to report.  I'm really glad I found this vet, and I love that it's cats only!  Cause cats rule, dogs drool!
5	I would just like to thank Dr. Karnia and her awesome staff. My daughter brought in our kitty Pantoufle, who is a feral, because she was sick. I had called around to Petsmart and a couple of other vets and explained to them about our kitty being a feral and not feeling well. What I experienced was mostly disinterest to one front office lady abruptly asking" can you touch it?!" when I told her that Pantoufle had been a feral. Thankfully, When I called Scottsdale Cat Clinic, they were so sweet and understanding. Our kitty has been through a lot in her life, and Dr. Karina and her staff treated Pantoufle with the utmost kindness, understanding, and dignity.Thanks again ~Pantoufle's family
5	This place is perfect. Friendly staff, great care for your cats, and extremely knowledgeable. Also, if you're a client of theirs, they will trim your cats nails free of charge. I don't know about your cat, but mine does NOT let me get close to those nails. I couldn't ask for a better experience!
5	I have been a cat owner for about 20 years, going to regular animal hospitals. Today was my first time at the cat clinic, what an amazing experience I had! I immediately knew I was in the right place, I felt very confident in the staff and Dr. I really felt the love and compassion they have for cats. They are true experts in cats, they answered all my questions and never left me guessing. Even though they specialize in felines, I found them to be resonably priced. The place was clean, modern and smelled nice. It was so nice to be in a place with no dogs barking, my cat was not under a lot of stress. It was like she knew this was her place. I really am greatfull I found this place, both my cats are getting older and need special care. Now I know they will be getting the best care possible.
5	We just switched over to the Scottsdale Cat Clinic a few months ago and we are very happy.  I love that this is a cat focused veterinary clinic.  The visits are so much easier and less stressful since there are no dogs.  Our most recent visit shows the kind of clinic this is and what a great doctor Dr. Karina is.  We needed to get our cat in due to an abscess and we were able to get an appointment the same day.  Although it was late in the day Dr. Karina did the procedure to clean the abscess so our cat didn't have to go another day with his issues.  The office closed at 5 but she stayed late and got this procedure done for us.  The doctor called the next day to check on our cat and make sure everything was gong well.  Everyone at the office is very friendly and they clearly care about cats and their owners.
5	Dr. Karnia and the entire staff at Scottsdale Cat Clinic are just wonderful and really know their stuff!       We took one of our cats there because of aggression that he'd developed towards one of our other cats.  After thoroughly assessing him, physically, Dr. Karnia put him on a medication to help him to calm down.  It has worked like a charm!  It's been a month now, and we've had no more aggression issues.  In fact, the two of them are back to grooming each other and playing together.  I'm so grateful.  We were so frightened that we'd have to put our cat down; but Dr. Karnia gave us her expert advice and then prescribed a medication that has restored peace to our house.  In effect, she saved our pet's life.      Dr. Karnia spent ample time with us during our appointment.  She listened intently and answered our questions thoroughly and patiently.     I'm very pleased with Scottsdale Cat Clinic, and I'll definitely be going back.
5	Don't think I can add much more to what's been said here already.Both our cats come here and get amazing treatment. Their names are remembered and you don't walk away feeling like your favorite fuzzbutt is just another profit generator.And Christina (the office cat) is absolutely adorable.
5	Rachel - You are not helping your cat or yourself - no vet cares more about money than an animal! IT IS THE CAT that is IMPORTANT. Veterinarians have to follow the rules! IF you wish to have home care (a mobile practice) then that veterinarian has to take the responsibility to take medical care of your cat. It's that simple. Anger is understandable as you don't understand  completely- but I am sure you were raised to be nice to all people. I have to be checked monthly with my MD for my meds - Veterinarians have to do the same thing at intervals to make sure nothing has changed - That's what they went to school for - to see the little things that owners overlook. Happy birthday to your cat! Who is living because of Dr. Karnia's excellent care.
5	Hands down, this is the ONLY place to take your cat if you live in Phoenix. Dr. Karnia is a genius in understanding feline illness, and her staff are compassionate and patient. Unlike many of the veterinarians I've met, everyone at Scottsdale Cat Clinic has excellent "people skills" as well as animal skills. This wonderful clinic helped me through the rapid decline and death of my beloved Kimba, and they continue to help me with my other senior, Harley, and the frisky feral kitten, Noel, whom I've tamed. I would not take my cats anyplace else.
5	The entire team at Scottsdale cat clinic is truly amazing!  They gave extraordinary care to my loving "meow",  When she  was well and especially when she was ill.  They are the Neiman Marcus of veterinary offices!!
5	The most amazingly compassionate and caring veterinary office ever!  Both Dr. Karnia and Dr. Marschel willingly take all the time necessary to explain, listen and answer questions.  The office personnel are exceptionally helpful, efficient, knowledgeabe and kind.  Having been to several veterinary doctors for treatment of my cat's chronic condition, I have the utmost confidence he is receiving the best care available.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed our vet yet .....so my hubby and I had found a vet very close to our house and was just going to them (typical vet, worked mainly with dogs) until one of our boys got sick and the other vet had zero clue what was wrong.  Our friend had been going to SCC for a few months by that time so they came highly recommended.  Let's just say, my hubs and I are moving to Gilbert in a few weeks and I have zero intention of finding a new vet. From Tara at the front desk, to Katrina, to Dr Judy Karnia, everyone is just so pleasant, they know your pet and greet you warmly, and really care about the well-being of your feline.  When it comes to rush appointments for a sick feline, they have yet to disappoint and try to fit you in as soon as they can, which is such a nice relief.  I never want to go back to a multi-animal vet office again because they are specialized in felines while most vets tend to be more specialized/familiar with dogs.  House cat Christina is always there to greet you!
5	Extremely friendly. I love they have flexible hours because I work standard business hours 8-5 Monday through Friday. I found their pricing to be very reasonable. You can tell everyone there loves cats and and really likes their jobs. I will definitely continue to go there and recommend Scottsdale Cat Clinic to everyone who has cats.
