2	bartender/waiter (i sat at the bar) seemed a little sluggish ... or hungover? which i can't really point the finger at - since i've been there before. however, my salad was bland and the veggies seemed old - although finding fresh produce in montreal in late december is non-existent - and also, one might ask why the hell am i ordering a salad at a sports bar?? that's a very good point, actually. for beverages, i started off with a bloody mary, which surprisingly, she didn't know what it was ... and she asked me if i mean't a bloody ceasar - which apparently is the exact same thing as a bloody mary, however, she had no horseradish and no worcester sauce, but thank god she had tabasco sauce and pepper! the only bright spot was i tried a local montreal beer on tap called "chanvre." it was awesome and it's a hemp beer!!
5	This is probably one of the best sports bars I've ever been too!  Huge HDTV's everywhere (large HD projector).  Even a HDTV in the men's room.  Great food and free flowing beer!  Terrific place to watch an MMA fight and I'm sure just about any other sporting event.
3	I watched a few of the World Cup games here and was pleased with the beer selection and food being served here. The TV screens were massive but not overly so. The crowd was great, the wait staff were on point and were attentive but not over bearing. The owners and door men seem cool and laid back. over all, great place to come and enjoy a game and have some beers with friends.
5	Randomly ended up here to watch les Flyers de Philadelphie beat the Canadiens.  A nice spot even for Flyers fans.  During the game, there was a sweet deal on two pitchers which came with five free wings.  They were about two inches long and the hot sauce is properly hot.  This is a big deal to me, as I always complain about wings everywhere I go for not being hot enough.  There are TVs everywhere, including two huge screens stacked on top of each other with a couch-like seating arrangement pretty much turns that part of the bar into a small, sports-epileptic living room.  Wouldn't hesitate to catch any game here.  Add that, little goal nets in the urinals and the bartenders were incredibly friendly.
4	Great bar to watch sports. They have many televisions showing all sorts of different things at once. I've been a couple times for playoff basketball, and I had a fantastic time! I was surprised to see people were losing their minds. Oh they have food too... Typical burgers, chicken wings, poutines, etc... I wouldn't go there for food alone. But combined with the excitement of your favorite sporting event and a gallon of beer, suddenly it taste a whole lot better.
4	Great bar for sporting events. No charge for UFC fights. Service is fast and good with a friendly staff. The bar food and beer is typical of such a place  not great, not bad but, the atmosphere and overall vibe of the place make up for it.
3	As a place to watch sports, I love it! Lots of TVs = non-stop sports action. If you want good food, Champs will disappoint. Had the Champs Burger. Dry, overcooked, yuck. Don't.
3	Pretty cool Sports Bar full of sports paraphernalia and several TV.s that play several sports at the same time which is cool when you want to watch more than one game at a time. Service was decent, coffee fresh but strong(had to double creamed it) and drink I ordered mix well.All in all if there was a game I'd want to watch and hang with friends, I'd definitely consider going to Champs
2	I've appreciate simple - I don't value sloppyAtmosphere: A sports pub through and through.  Lot's of various sports teams' paraphernalia, banners, and posters.  The seating is spartan (watch out for loosely assembled chairs).  This place looks like it's been through the wringer (quite a few times) and seemingly never has a chance to recover from it's hangover.Service: No one notices when its happy hour and the pitchers of beers are being passed around, but the service is sloppy, unprofessional, and meagre at best. Food: Bad - even by pub standards.  Often the taste of the uncleaned grill lingers on the food.  Don't try the coffee (unless you want to use it as a laxative!)go elsewhere
3	Whatever, it's a sports bar. The food looked overdone and kinda gross but again, it's a sports bar so let's be real: we were there for the alcohol. They have lots of tv's, interesting people watching and the location is great. I don't really like sports, but I enjoyed mullet watching, cheap pints and the service was spot on as well.
3	Oh yeah, I know all about sport bars, and sporting, and goals and such and am fully qualified to judge the caliber of Champs. Lies, obviously, but I have been to Champs several times over the years and always enjoyed the drinks specials, the funny friendly staff who don't mind if you are just sort of yelling randomly trying to fit in. There is a whole wall of tvs of various sizes playing all different kinds of games, so that's good, and the crowd is fun and this room above St Laurent is always cozy and if you've had enough shots the deep fried food tastes fine.
2	Came here today for a bite to eat and a little bit of soccer-watching with a friend. Be aware, they do not take debit cards but there is an ATM machine in the place (today it was out of order). The glass of coke I ordered was a whopping $3.50!! Out-effing-rageous if you ask me. I tried their spaghetti while my friend ordered their 20 chicken wings. Spaghetti was alright, meat sauce could have been less spicy. But the reason I give this place two reviews is because of the service. Almost insultingly slow. One female server working the whole seating area. Oblivious. She forgot about our request for water and it took her nearly an hour to bring us the bill. My friend was becoming increasingly angry and I had already gotten up to tell her that we'd like the bill since it was obvious that she wasn't coming around to our table anytime soon. After getting her attention once more, she finally came and that's when they said that they didn't take debit cards and I found out that their ATM was broken. Someone managed to fix it quickly but it was just one more thing on top of all this, haha. I gave her a tip of one dollar since I didn't want to be too much of a jerk even though she deserved nothing. My friend says that service at this place had been much much better at other points. I believe him but I have no need to come back here anytime soon.
4	Bar Champs is not just any ordinary sports bar, it's a sports bar with a lot of TVs and satellite receivers. The amount of satellite receivers they have on the roof looks borderline illegal, and you can actually see them if you look for it (from the outside, down the road). The other super sports bar aspect of Champs is their TVs. You'll notice the TVs covering up an entire wall the moment you walk in. We ended up watching at least 10 games in parallel on a single wall (and yes, it can be a little disorienting). How they managed to hang so many TVs up on one wall, is still one of the great mysteries of life.Bar Champs is the perfect place for any diehard European football fans, since the satellite and TV combo will guarantee awesomeness.
4	Good place for sports events, relax.
1	I am pretty sure this place went out of business.  It was dark at game time on a Sunday and when we walked back later in the night it was still closed and dark.  This was really disappointing since we were looking for a place to watch the game during our visit from New Orleans.  What a waste of a cab ride.  The better cab ride was the one that brought us to Prime Time which was open, had the game and gave us amazing friendly service!
