4	Lived here 14 months while working in Las Vegas.  Pretty quiet unless you're by the pool.... Been through three management companies in this period, new one attempted to change terms of original lease to require a 60 day moveout notice.  Other than that, they've been great. Carpets are easily stained, even though I lived here alone, and was not there most weekends at all.  Never hear the neighbors.... All in all pretty good.
1	I have lived here for 10 months and have had nothing but problems!  The management will LIE to you to get you into the apartments and then fail to do what they said initially.  There is a huge pigeon and parking problem (there are a total of 6 parking spots for 30 apartments on my side of the complex, & tons of pigeon poo on the balconies) and the owners will not take steps to mitigate the problems because it would cost too much, yet they are constantly on our case for something, we get fines for other people leaving there animal feces in front of our apartment, the carpet and paint are very cheap and stain extremely easily!  We told them that they could not come into our apartment when we are not home, but they still do.  I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy!!!!!
4	We've been living here for a little over a month now, and I have to say, my wife and I love it here.  Having been in school for the past 4 years, we have lived in a slew of apartments varying greatly in quality and value.  I have experienced a large number of ownership/management styles and personalities.  The staff at liberty square is very friendly and quick to assist in any way that they can.  My wife and I were really apprehensive to live here after seeing the negative reviews on another website that I won't name here.  We spoke to management about some of our concerns prior to signing a lease, and they assured us that there was absolutely nothing to worry about.  Still apprehensive, we decided that the issues that others were saying they were having were manageable, and we signed the lease.My biggest worry when moving in was the oft noted bug problem.  I am happy to report that since moving in, I have not seen a single bug in our apartment.  I think there are a couple issues at play here that people don't seem to understand.  First, management does NOT spray your unit unless you specifically request to have it done.  They have this hired out to someone who comes every single Thursday, and does routine spray.  If you request to have yours done to management, they will be sure to inform the company that you would like you unit sprayed thoroughly, to which the bug man will do both the outside AND inside of your apartment.  I had mine done the day we moved in, and it has apparently worked.  The second issue is that I have briefly seen inside some of the garages that people have here, and they are unbelievably packed with crap.  Our garage has our two cars inside, and a Christmas tree box.  People complaining that they have bugs in their garages or apartments should first start by cleaning some of their own clutter.  It's a pretty big no-brainer.  Again, happy to report that I have not seen a single bug since moving in over a month ago (also, the vents on the ceilings are caulked to the wall to prevent any entry of bugs via ventilation).  The quality of the apartments is very nice.  When moving in, everything was working and the apartment was spotless.  My wife and I tend to be very clean people, and I anticipate that we won't have any issues when moving out that aren't out of the ordinary (billed for carpet cleaning, any damage to the apartment, etc.)  It is really hard to hear your neighbors.  There are only a couple rooms inside the apartments that I can hear people; the spare bathroom, and the bathroom on the main level.  Other than that, I can't hear my neighbors at all, except for when they open their garages.  All of the appliances are in working order and are relatively new.  If you have any issues with anything inside your apartment, management is pretty good about passing along anything that you need maintenance staff to come check up on.  My biggest complaint thus far is that these townhomes are 100% electric.  I really wish we had a gas stove, but we don't.  Fortunately, the electric stoves we have are relatively new, and are much better than the electric stoves I have used in the past.  Because everything is electric, your bill might be higher than otherwise.  Fortunately, the units are well insulated.  For the month that we were here, I kept my unit around 76 degrees when home, 80 at night (we use the ceiling fans in the living room and the master bedroom all the time), and our electric bill for the three week period was $60.  It helps that the upstairs is usually a lot cooler than the rest of the unit.  In all, this is a great place to live.  The location is great (despite being a little far from gas stations), the management capable and attentive, and the price reasonable.  It is definitely a little more expensive to live here than other places, but the grounds are beautiful and the maintenance staff does their job very well.  We love it here and cannot for the life of us figure out what other people are complaining about.
4	We took the tour for the 2nd time in two years. The reason I didn't move here at first was because the lady who showed us the place was very annoying.  What I don't like is their is a bathroom in the kitchen I mean only feet away from your stove & refrigerator.  I'm only left to ponder who came up with this layout. Someone should have seen this on the blue print and changed it. But nevertheless a half bath is in your kitchen ugh makes me want to not move here because I swear they are so perfect but the bathroom in the kitchen ewwww.
4	Update: We went back today because we really did like the place we just hated the person who showed us around. So we went back and spoke to someone else and it was great. We loved it and decided this will be the place we move to. Its so quiet and peaceful. I give it three stars (now 4 after the update) I do not live here however the reason I'm reviewing it is because my girlfriend and I went there yesterday and the place seemed really nice, and it really was. The inside and out are beautiful, the homes are very clean and up to date. My complain is the lady who gave us a tour. She showed us a small 2 bedroom handycapped home when we asked for a large 1 bedroom non handycapped. She did not pay attention to what we wanted, seemed to really not care. She has brown or black hair. White. Rather large. Glasses. Sat at the first desk to the left.
3	Nice place but bad customer service everybody who works here act like they stuck up. They are pretty expensive so try to catch them when they have specials otherwise your better off moving into a house because the cost to rent a house and to rent a place here are the same. I'm only giving it 3 stars because the places are beautiful . Just don't like the staff and I'm big on customer service.
5	I stayed here for a weekend visit to LV and my friend's townhome is SO cute. Modern, safe and clean it was so nice to visit a complex in this side of town that wasn't just square units stacked on each other!The private garages make it safe for young professionals and singles to live and gives an awesome look to the grounds. The gym was well kept,the equipment was great and the pool was heated! Such a nice amenity for those random spring cold fronts (like what I experienced in April) Whenever I move back to LV (2017,Hopefully!!) I will take a second look here and consider calling these adorable townhomea home for my little boy and I!
4	Update 8/7/2014:  My wife and I are moving out today, and there were a couple things on my mind that I wanted to update before I forgot.  The grounds are still as beautiful as ever, and the apartments are nice. We never saw any bugs in our apartment. I do, however, have a couple of gripes about this place.  Despite having a higher price tag, the  average tenant seems to be somewhat trashy. Our neighbors left their trash outside on multiple occasions without walking it to dumpster 30 yards away.  I don't know if they ever got a message that that wasn't acceptable, but they did it all the time, and it would often sit for 24-48 hours before being moved.  Our other neighbors seemingly had a really large family, and they were extremely loud.  I didn't think this place had noise issues, but if you have neighbors that shout to each other from floor to floor, you can hear everything.  You can also hear babies crying.  Another complaint that I have is that these apartments are 100% electric, meaning that your electric bill is astronomical between laundy, heating, cooling, and lights.  During the summer, our average electric bill was about $100, and we were never home during the days.  We would put the apartment at about 80 degrees when we left during the day and would turn all the lights off.  We were very conscious about leaving lights on and being efficient with the air conditioning, but it was still very pricey. Another complaint is the carpet.  The carpet here is junk.  It stains EXTREMELY easily.  If you step on the carpet with a shoe, you will have likely soiled the carpet.  It's rough, hurts the skin, and is the cheapest thing you have ever seen.  Lastly, I hate the way that the tenants here behave. For example, I find it odd that despite having garages attached to every unit, people here still park in the visitor parking around the complex.  There is NEVER available parking for visitors when they wanted to visit.  Visitors had to start parking in the HOA parking lot, but the tenants were told that cars would be towed if that happened.  So the people with garages full of crap that parked their cars outside were taking all of the spaces, and there were literally no spaces available for tenants.  This is a recurring issue, and as far as I am aware, it has gone completely unaddressed. Also, some people have dogs and let those dogs bark on their patios for a couple of hours before letting them back in the house.  I've also heard a group of teenagers skateboarding and talking/laughing loudly on the walkway between units numerous times.The system in place here is really terrible for paying rent.  They charge you for paying with a check, and basically any other method accept for through their online system. Their online system is fine, except that rent is due promptly on the first of the month.  The reason this is a problem is because it's impossible to pay rent early because they don't tell you what your rent payment is (rent + water and HOA) until either the day before or the same day. There have been a couple of times that I wanted to pay rent early because of our pay cycle or whatever, but haven't been able to. Lastly, I was a little peeved when moving out today because we are getting charged for something that we didn't do to the apartment, and specifically asked be written down on the day that we moved in.  There was a chip in the counter top that my wife quickly noticed (dark counters, chip is bright white) and told the person going through the apartment with us to write down on the list. There were a lot of things in the apartment that we wanted to be extremely meticulous with when we performed the walkthrough, so shame on us for not double checking every single thing on the list before we signed the paper. Again, a lot of the tenants are pretty trashy and could care less about someone else's property, so be very mindful when you are walking through and moving in.  For the most part, the staff take really good care of the apartments.  It's a shame that they refuse to negotiate with us because we have left the apartment in meticulous condition and left them beaming reviews on multiple sites at a time when they were getting flooded with negative reviews.  They aren't maliciously trying to attack us, but they certainly are unwilling to work with us or exercise sound judgment when reviewing our case.
