5	I can't believe I'm saying this about a Kitchener sushi restaurant, but this is the best sushi I have tried in a long time and I have tried the supposedly best in Toronto. The fish tastes so fresh, I have never felt so healthy after a big meal until I ate here. There is a Ye's in Waterloo as well, I recommend that one even more.Warning: if you order too much, you will be charged for the wasted food. I fully support this idea, food should never be wasted. Ordering is simple; just write it on a piece of paper and a waiter will pick it up. My recommendation is to go with a large group so you have the opportunity to try several items.
2	The food is marginal for an all you can eat type of restaurant. Don't expect anything  authentic but if you're really hungry then it might just be the right thing to hold you up. Certain items are better than others. Sashimi is not too fresh but entrees are ok. Sushi rice is too warm. Good and relaxing atmosphere but the staff seem to hate their jobs. If you have been here recently and rated anything higher than a 2 star then you really need to go out and try more stuff. I do not apply relativeness in my reviews so the disadvantages of being in Waterloo has no effect on my   rating. The reastaurant is rated the way it is.
3	cooked food are ok. but the ingredients selection is not high quality. nice decor but services could be better. Got to try the fried bananas, which is the best thing I like in this japanese all u can eat restaurant!
2	Ye's Sushi, there better AYCE Sushi places but they're 100km away.I rate my AYCE Sushi places on three essential criteria-Selection-The selection is where Ye's sushi gets most of their points. They have pretty much everything your average NA sushi eater wants and then some. If your looking for traditional/unique sushi items: Geoduck, mackerel, blue fin tuna...your going to be disappointed.-Quality-The quality is sub par even for an AYCE sushi bar, I once got my sashami served to me still frozen(big turn off for me). Too much cooked food on the menu for a AYCE Sushi place. if you want quality drive 100km to Toronto.-Ambiance/Service-I've been to lots of AYCE sushi places and the services is always the same.  Pure &*%$. But that's nothing new. The ambiance is alright, I always get sitting next to some snot nosed brat kid, probably because they offer free meals to kids under 8 or something along those lines. Overall, ye's sushi is perfect for those who have never eaten sushi before or are not huge fans of raw foods. Otherwise, your going to be disappointed.
3	What I wouldn't give for a good sushi place in KW. This is about the best there is, which isn't saying much. It's not like it's bad - you won't get sick or anything like that - but it's just not that great, either. The sashimi varies in freshness and texture, and the tempura squid was the worst I've had (the batter slipped right off, leaving an angry looking tentacle on my plate). Also, I don't know why they have to put tempura batter in nearly every roll. I like sushi because it doesn't leave you feeling gross and engorged, but all that tempura batter here can leave you feeling like you ate a bucket of KFC. The price is nice, especially at lunch, and I guess that's why I continue to eat here.
3	pretty hit or miss sushi.  pizza sushi? what an abomination.  that's just not right. crispy? = thro some tempura bits on it, spicy? = chipotle sauce.  lol.  pay in cash and you get a discount.  make reservations for lunch, it's pretty popular.  seriously though it's pretty standard AYCE.   in terms of sushi, it's the best you're gonna get in KW.
3	everytime i visit, we go to this and the one in waterloo (?).i like the other location better. they served my boy hot tea in a plastic cup.
2	It is nice to eat all the sushi I can and their menu has a great selection, but the Sushi they serve is poor quality, the pieces are small, and they save their fancy menu options (like tuna!) for the $20 dinner. Fun place to eat with friends, but not when I am in the mood for good sushi.
2	Almost the WORST sushi I've had in my life.  I asked people about sushi places in KW and they all pointed me here.  I was already skeptical of an all-you-can-eat sushi place.The set-up... you write numbers that correspond to different types of items on the menu.  I give them props for variety but the quality of things were mixed.We ordered a variety of things, sushi, katsu, fried rice tempura.  Service was quick overall but they definitely confused our order and gave us the wrong thing several times.I was amazed at how crowded this place was but I forgot that this was a college town (value priced food) and I'm guessing people don't really know what good sushi is here.Overall - a sad, sad excuse for sushi and Japanese food overall but then again maybe I'm spoiled having grown up in Hawaii and currently living in San Francisco.
4	I've tried quite a few Sushi places in Kitchener, Waterloo and Cambridge and this is still my favorite.  The food is great, and the service is very quick.  I prefer this location over the bigger one on University (mainly due to the noise level of University students).  Definitely great value!
4	I am addicted to the spicy salmon sushi (not the spicy salmon maki) and it is the main reason I keep coming back to Ye's.  I really like all the raw fish items on the menu but am not really that impressed by all the deep fried tempura stuff.  In the KW area, this place (either Kitchener or Waterloo location) is THE place to go when you need your unlimited sushi fix!  After years of operation they still have issues with occasionally bringing out the wrong items or not bringing them out at all.  Also, they tend to grab plates from in front of you too often so that it becomes a nuisance.  Am eagerly waiting for the new Sports World Crossing location in Kitchener to open.
1	Probably the worst sushi experience I've ever had. But then again, you can't expect much when going to an all-you-can-eat restaurant in K/W. Everything is prepared really fast with little regard to presentation or quality. The spicy salmon turned out to be salmon rolls with hot sauce drizzled on topThe cooked food section is OK - the tempura is acceptable. At least you get all-you-can-eat ice cream (you can't go wrong with ice cream).I'm always amazed by the enthusiastic responses I get towards Ye's. I guess people here don't know good sushi!
5	They've outdone themselves with their newest location - Sportsworld in Kitchener.  It's beautiful and the food and service are as great as the other locations!
2	They've gotten worse and worse over the past few years. For every order you make, they serve only 3/4 of what you write down. Fish-to-Rice ratio is extremely low, and Rainbow rolls are actually just salmon rolls with an extra smear of avocado on a quarter slice of tuna. Sashimi were not even thawed/defrosted properly when they served them last time. It's absolutely disgusting. Will I ever go back to Ye's Sushi? Ya - because all the other sushi bars in Waterloo are at best 1 star. One more thing... they should get rid of the flies too.
4	I agree with the last post, the new location on sportsworld drive is very nice and the selection is awesome. I recommend Ye's for any sushi lover.
1	This reveiw will be short, but not sweet.I had ate at ye's after getting into sushi a few years back, One day i was there alone, and ordered just acouple rolls. I got sick instantly and began vomiting everywhere as these rolls were reacting with me terrible. They STILL CHARGED me, for the rolls i had ordered. While paying i continued to be sick over the counter. Never been back, never will go to another ye's establishment again.
3	I relaly wish these guys would open a location in RIchmond Hill or at least markham... that being said I absolutely love this place. I've been to two of their three locations and haven't been disappointed yet! they always have a very god selection of rolls and hot dishes. The ordering system is one of the best I've used and its surprising that other AYCE places haven't adopted it yet.The quality of the sushi and sashimi is fairly good and considering the price point I'm not going to be that strict on this account.The portions are well sized and they are quite fast when it comes to filling orders even when the restaurant is filled.I know there have been instances of reduced orders, but since it is an AYCE sushi restaurant, all that means is that I counter it with additional orders. Those who gripe about this need to accept that it isn't all that uncommon for sushi restaurants in the AYCE business to do this and the best way to enjoy your meal is to play by their rules.Dinner is on the expensive side for a student area sushi house but still within Toronto price points.Definitely a return customer, assuming my girlfriend doesn't find a new place to fill in our mutual craving for mango rolls!rating: 3.5
4	Great all you can eat sushi. Good quality food, and reasonably priced. They have a pretty good selection of Sushi and other entrees as well. I would definitely frequent this place fi i was around the area.
4	Hard to beat all you can eat sushi.  Food was good enough to eat and it came fast.  Not top notch sushi, but are you really looking for that at an all you can eat place?
1	Very mediocre. Based on a few different experiences,  I don't think any all you can eat sushi places can be that good.  The last place that i tried had rolls that were as chewy as id imagine a car tire would be. This wasn't that bad, but I heard people get sick here. I wish I had been told before I ate! Hopefully I won't get sick...We ordered a lot of sushi and all of it was pretty  "...meh" they also never brought our order of edamame. Our service was pretty rude, overall. The employees looked like they hated working there. The mango ice cream was okay.Honestly, between the college age crowd, the quality of the food and the decor, I felt like I was eating in a university cafeteria. I would not have gone here to eat of my own accord, had i not been treated to it. Hopefully I'll find some good food while visiting Canada because this wasn't it.**Update:I wasn't aware at the time, but the business is pretty shady. My friends split the bill with cash and credit card and they were overcharged $50 and had to drive back to get it fixed! After some arguing, I believe everything was resolved. What a hassle. After talking to some other locals about this place, I noticed most people cringe after hearing "Ye's sushi" This place is really not recommended by anybody. Why did we go here then? I hear a place called Sushi 99 is much better and is very close to this restaurant.
3	They have really stepped up their game! Since the last time that I had gone there. They even ask for some feedback from the customers using the wrapper that their updated chopsticks come in. They have also revamped their dinner menu creating a few new rolls, while removing some of their less popular menu options. One of their new additions that I am a fan of is their Islan roll. the Thai roll is definitely a roll that requires an open mind, pickled foods are hit or miss for most people. I really enjoyed the roll, but my girlfriend did not. The remaining rolls are the standard AYCE fare and shouldn't surprise anyone, though I think the amount of rice they put in has decreased to become a bit more reasonable.Decided in order to get our moneysworth we ordered some rolls and kitchen Items, but we focused on the sashimi. Their salmon and surf clam sashimi was fairly good quality given that its AYCE. The red tuna and white tuna felt fairly freshly defrosted, though I still ordered the red tuna as I really do enjoy red tuna.Total cost for dinner hasn't changed.
2	Food was mediocre,  service was slow and we were 2 of the 5 people in there.  The atmosphere is suffocating, there are only a small panel of windows in the front.  My favorite part was the brown(red snapper) and the dried out wassabi 'flowers' that look like they been out all day... MMMMM tasty!  Honestly go to the ye's. In sports world plaza. Way better food, service, and atmosphere.  Same company. Not sure why this one is not even comparable to the other location.  Sportsworlds location is the best in KW region.  Go there! Not here!
1	Meh! Absolutely unimpressed with the sushi here. As a recent resident of Cambridge I was really excited to give this place a go, considering it had been quite awhile since I had sushi. I don't mean to be such a sushi snob, but the food was subpar. We ordered a variety of sushi but they all seemed to taste pretty bland.  As someone who LOVES sushi, I definitely won't be coming back to this place to get my sushi fix.
2	A friend recommended Ye's Sushi to me a while back, so one day when a friend and I were downtown we decided to try it out. Service was very poor. It was slow, and like someone else already mentioned in a review, they mixed up our order a number of times. The sushi was not the worst sushi I've ever had, but pretty close to it. It was very bland and really didn't taste like anything. It was like the stuff they sell at Superstore or Sobey's, and probably just as fresh. The only saving grace was the tempura, which was amazing, especially the calamari. I might give them another try, but I will probably stick with the tempura and try some of the other menu items, saving the sushi for a better place.
1	Honestly one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. I keep going because I'm a sucker and it's close to home and it's AYCE, but it's so bad. Service always gets orders mixed up. Sometimes waiting over an hour for a roll order. Always charging more than they should for the food - the gratuity is included; don't believe the signs saying otherwise. Sushi is often not fresh, chicken is often grizzly, sashimi is often still frozen as a rock. Staff is rude and doesn't speak English, water never gets revealed, tea always tastes like broth instead of real Japanese tea, and the staff cannot - CANNOT - count to save their lives. As in, order two breaded shrimp and two crystal shrimp and expect 8 breaded, 3 crystal. Or order one deep fried banana and get two every time, so order two expecting four and - surprise! Get two instead of four. They make zero sense.This is an adventure in cuisine hell.
4	The best sushi place for the price in kitchener. My preference is the downtown kitchener Ye's. The sashimi is fresh and all the food tastes authentic.  I used to live in japan so I know a thing or 2 about the food.
2	All you can regret sushi that occasionally makes serviceable food. Seriously, once in a while the food is decent, but most of the time it's poor even for AYCE standards. I've had two meals out of 30 or more that were decent. The rest inspired later regret, and not spawned of over eating. If it weren't for co-workers that insist on eating there I'd simple avoid it. Instead I sample a bunch of single items to figure out what is least offensive on that given day and then just order more of it. Given that strategy at least ensures it's not a waste of time.Maki are considerably more troublesome than anything else. The speciality rolls are generally overly cold and mushy. It seems like these are made in advance and refridgerated. Not very appealing. It's worse if the roll contains tempura. You can guarantee that even the memory of that item being crunchy has long since passed. For the most part the staff is fairly responsive, but with a good side of surly apathy. It is true to the worst aspects of AYCE, sit down and eat. Don't expect any sort of experience. Don't pay too much attention to the quality of the food.
2	Terrible!I just went to Ye's to pick up a nice supper and ordered from an incredibly rude waitress.  The selection for sashimi leaves a great deal to be desired so I made my own from the a la carte menu, got home and there was NO WASABI!  $25 for a bland and horrid takeout supper.  I gave 2 stars instead of 1 because the fish isn't spoiled, but honestly who serves sashimi without wasabi?  The roll I got was also bland, maybe it would have been edible with wasabi but I don't know if I mentioned this yet, THEY DIDN'T GIVE ME ANY WASABI!  Have not yet found a decent sushi restaurant in Kitchener, so I would rate this one second worst in the city.
