3	Been to Six Pence a couple of times now and have been satisfied every time.Food is good and reliable.  Fish and chips and burgers both memorable.  French onion soup was also very good.Drinks were average although there is a decent beer selection.Has both a porch and a rooftop patio for nice weather dining.Located in the heart of Baxter Village so parking is a bit of a pain - but there is a lot at the back of the building and a side door entrance.They occasionally run coupon specials in the local papers too.Good, reliable, unpretentious food - and great service too.  Knocked a star off for parking and one for the mixed drinks.
3	The restaurant is cozy and somewhat dark with a separate bar area and dining area. Service was quick and attentive. They have some different beers to experiment with and even let you sample some you're not familiar with before you commit. Food was OK but not great. I had half a turkey sandwich and salad. My turkey sandwich was a bit dry and bland and the salad was forgettable. As bars go and as bar food goes you could do much worse.
5	Great selection of beer. Roof top dining is worth the trip alone. Try the fish and chips they are flaky and best with the hand cut chips.
1	Dinner on New Years Eve was inedible.  Started with the French Onion Soup, which was so salty we couldn't eat it.  This from a person who LOVES salt.  Ordered the special of Prime Rib.  It was pretty good, but the roasted potatoes and collard greens served with it were also too salty to eat.  Very disappointing.  This will be the very last time we go there. Have been disappointed before, but this was the end.  No more chances for Six Pence.
2	Ate there twice was not ecstatic with the service or the food. I walked out one time cause we were sat and waited 20 min and noone came to us to check in as we walked out the hostess said in the most condescending way to have a nice night. So I went back like I always do to give it another chance the bar was empty on a Saturday, the servers and bartender were chatting about what type of music to play( the selection was horrid btw). I noticed that the Guinness I got was not poured properly( I watch intensly when they Pour) it was way to cold and small. Was not impressed and won't be going back. I'll just head to mchales or heck if I have to Ri Ra in Charlotte.
4	I've enjoyed every time I've been to the Six Pence Pub...never had bad service or food.  Beer selection is great here.  The food is good, but it is pub food...if you want a fine dining, culinary experience, Fratellis or the FishMarket across the street can accomodate you.  The menu is vast, something for everyone...good food to enjoy with a cold drink.  Why do I keep going back to the Ploughman's Lunch?  So simple, and yet the combinations of the different items in the aggregate is so delicious.  Hint: This may seem elementary, but if you want to eat, do so in the dining room.  Roof top seating and bar area are really for enjoying drinks...the food service can get slowwwww in these areas at times, especially when they are busy.
2	Better portions when it first opened.  Service seems contingent upon ordering high priced drinks.  Water drinkers ... good luck.
3	While visiting Charlotte, our friends took us out to Six Pence to grab dinner after a stressful day of fooling around in the pool.  We had a large group so it took a few minutes to assemble a table, but we didn't wait very long for a Saturday night.I ordered the turkey club with sweet potato wedges.  Both my order and a friend's came out on the wrong bread.  Being foolish, I didn't notice they had given me rye bread until I'd already started eating so I didn't send mine back.  The sweet potato wedges came with a side of ranch dipping sauce (or blue cheese, not completely sure).  The food was okay, nothing spectacular but you can't expect much from pub food.Our waitress was highly entertaining.  She warned us against the soup of the day and when we inquired why she let us sample it for ourselves.  Note: Never go for something called Cream of Beer, especially if it is served cold.I had a good experience at Six Pence.  The price was right and the service was quick.  From what my friends tell me, they have a great beer selection (although I didn't try anything).
3	I've been to Six Pence several times and I just have had average experiences... the food is just OK, mixed drinks are not well made (thin), the beer selection is decent, the service is below average. Kudos go for a nice rooftop bar.
3	I only stopped here because I was walking trying to find the fish market(right across street....duh!) but I was so hungry & on the wrong side of the street pushing my son in a wheelchair. So the front entrance is not ideal for strollers or wheelchair! Plus the fact that the woman who entered before me just let the heavy wood door shut on me!I was seated quickly & this was great seeing it was around 12 on a Friday afternoon. I felt strange in that there were 3 menus given to me, a beer one, entire dinner/lunch & lunch specials. I admit I only walked in the door because it said on chalkboard outside they had she crab soup. Which being a southern dose seems strange in a place that to me has a Irish direction.Fist of all on my fod, I am from Chalreston SC area, I know and love my she crab soup.... this was not even close! it was a thin milk broth of a crab flavor with a few nice tasting crab chunks thrown in. A true she crab should be thick cream with lots of blue crab in it and some roe that make the pink color. sent to the table with some warm sherry. this version left a lot to be desired. I would say it was a crab bisque!I had the fried cod sandwich with pub fries. now on their menu was a aray of foods including meatloaf and a shepard pie. so I gathered we were leaning towards the irish theme. but went with the fish sandwich anyway. the crust was nicely flavored and crispy but not drained enough before put in my french bread. as it arrived to me in a plastic basket sorta opened, i immediately removed the totally wilted piece of romaine lettuce and the over ripe tomato slice. I tasted the serving of freshly made tartar sauce and was pleasantly satisfied. I slathered it on my bread and began to devour my fish sandwich. the pub fried were strange for me, it was like thick sliced chips they were seasoned well, but i felt they were missing something, maybe some vinegar to dip in???i did like how large & nice the restrooms were, as a woman you rarely find a bathroom that is clean enough with area for changing a child with some privacy. I dont think I will be back but will tell my hubby to check it out
2	Located in Baxter Village, I have driven past this place several times but have never stopped in. Large, easy to read signage and the typical red phone booth out front make the place easy to spot.The atmosphere inside is fairly standard for an Americanized English pub, lots of dark wood, tin pan ceiling, and lots of English style artwork adorn the walls. The food is hit or miss, I got the fish sandwich and pub fries and thought they were fairly good. My wife got the pulled pork sandwich with slaw; the pulled pork was about 60%-70% fat and was pretty bland. The service was somewhat slow and a bit confused. We had two different waitresses coming by trying to take our orders, we would order from one and the other would come by asking if we were ready to order. At one point the waitress came by and picked up our plates before asking if we were done with the food that was left on them... we weren't. They seemed friendly enough, but didn't even know what beer they had on tap.They have about 10 taps, and are all mainly the standard import selections; Guinness, Harp, Bass, Old Speckled Hen, New Castle, Smithwicks, etc... They do have 1 or 2 rotating taps for seasonals. Not a bad selection, but not great. The other issue is they serve the beer nearly ice cold, most of the beers on tap should be served a little warmer, the beers were so cold that they were nearly undrinkable until we were almost ready to go...All in all, if it weren't for the atmosphere this place wouldn't have much going for it. The food is not bad, bit it is a little pricey for the quality.
3	I agree with Chris B on many points, but I think Six Pence in Baxter deserves three stars because the food is halfway decent.  If you have been to either of the other Six Pence Pubs (Savannah, GA, and Blowing Rock, NC), this is one is much newer, nicer, and slightly larger.  One thing I like about it is that the bar and the dining area are separated by a glass wall.  That keeps the rowdy people at the bar watching sports out of your way if you just want to come and eat.  However, there were still a table of about 8 people near us that were mostly drinking and probably a bit loud for a cozy-esque dining room.  The food - it's okay, but most of it's overpriced.  $20 for Atlantic salmon is very high - most places don't even charge that much for the far superior tasting and sustainable Alaskan salmon. A not too generous, albeit not skimpy, order of pot roast with 2 slices of Wonder style white bread and some veggies was $14.  However, it was okay.  It's been a while since I've had that the fish and chips because that was definitely overpriced for the portion.  Towne Tavern up the street has a better one, for less money, plus you get more.  The smoked salmon was four pieces of salmon and instead of cream cheese the dip is cheap sour cream with dill in it.  I will say the sweet potato fries are fresh, very good, and they give you a lot.  This place also has a cool rooftop patio in the summer.  There's not much to see from up there except for the streets of Baxter and the interstate, but it's still nice.  It seems the only time we go here is if we have a Groupon type deal or a coupon, and it still ends up costing slightly more than it's worth.  But the server was nice and we had a decent meal, so 3 stars is the verdict.
3	this place is right between the 2 and 3 stars.  Ahh Yelp limitations!We got married in Blowing Rock, and the Six Pence there is legendary for saving me with a late night salmon BLT, or for hosting my entourage in our quest for last minute liquid courage before the big event.  That site is smaller, but the food is much better.This Six Pence has an extraordinarily great structure - much larger area, separate bar area to keep the noise confined, and everything is nice new wood.  It's a treat.  The food, however - my salmon BLT was not what I had fallen in love with in Blowing Rock.  The food was uninspired - the big bacon strips were good, hard to mess those up...We did the groupon, so the price ended up being fair.  Without that I might have had more of a beef.
2	Fish Sandwich was good when we got it. Ordered it but the waitress ordered crab cakes, when informed we had ordered the Fish Sandwich she got us the right thing. Prices are high for a restaurant but a good pub??
4	We sat at the pub bar tables. Ordered draft strongbow cider, bass, and a half&half (guinness+harp). All our drinks were delicious, except we were thrown off with the 16 oz. "pints." waitress was very nice and attentive. Our food was fish& chips (small size), bangers & mash, and the salmon. Everything was delicious! We got the bread pudding for dessert which was huge and very good. I've never had bread pudding before but I couldn't imagine it being better. Warm & sweet. The interior was clean and nice decor.
5	Just took my family to The Six Pence Pub.  This is one of the finest pubs in all of Charlotte and a mighty fine restaurant too.  The food was great (order something off the menu, not just chicken wings).  The beer selection was spectacular the ambiance is the crowning jewel of this fine establishment.  I highly recommend it to my friends and family.
4	Weird maybe, but this Six Pence English Pub location has some of the best Nachos.I do wish they had more tvs and played Rubgy games.Great beer selection. The Rooftop rocks.
3	Stopped in for lunch. Not very crowded but we chose to sit in bar. Bartender had to cover whole area. We waited for a while and then another group came in. Bartender gave them menus and took their drink orders. Did not come to our table until we got up to leave. After a few minutes we asked for a table in the dining area. Quite a while before we saw our waitress. We ordered she crab and French onion soup and asked for the soup as an appetizer. We also ordered fish and chips to split. The she crab was wonderful, the onion average. After about 3 bites, waitress brought the meal. Fish was very nice, chips were soggy and cold. Wings seemed to be the best deal of the day, lots of folks enjoying them.
2	We stopped into Six Pence Pub in Baxter Village on our way from Charlotte to Greenville, SC to visit with friends. From the outside the pub looks like a traditional English pub complete with phone booth. Inside the bar and dining room are beautifully decorated with dark wood and tin ceilings. We enjoyed delicious wine and beer then ordered something lite. I had seen the french onion soup coming out of the kitchen all night so I figured it had to be good, right? Both of us ordered the soup and sandwich. We both got the french onion and I got the turkey sandwich and my wife got the roast beef. The french onion soup was not good at all. The onions were thick and not fully cooked/carmelized like french onion soup should be. The broth and cheese were great but the onions, where not good at all. The sandwich was just a sandwich, nothing exciting to report there.The website says they stay open till midnight on the night we went but around 10pm we started getting pushed out the door, literally. Our waitress asked for the bill/tip book so she could leave. We left around 10:45pm after being asked to move tables so they could put the tables back together for the next day. We had a great time with our friends, the atmosphere was lovely, but the food and service was a let down. If we did go back, which isn't likely, we'd stick to the bar area and just drink.
4	Just had dinner. Fish and chips were nicely done. My wife ordered the Ruben sandwich (which she kindly shared with me for a piece of my fish).  The sandwich was also very flavorful. The best part of the meal may have been our server. Amy was very friendly and we enjoyed her sense of humor and good service.
4	I ate here with a group of friends from out of town on Saturday night.  The atmosphere was good and we sat at one of the larger round tables below a chandelier that looked like "it could kill all of us at once", a friend noted.Since I was at an English pub, I selected the small order of Fish & Chips and I was fairly impressed by the size of the cod and the right amount of breading fried enough where it wasn't too greasy.  The fries or 'chips' were standard, but the fish was good and large enough for me to be happy.  I even took one of the large pieces home for the wife.  My friends got a myriad of things and they all had good things to say due to the large portions, especially the nachos.  Another English-fare eats include Bangers and Mash from what I remember.  After dinner, we went to the rooftop and had a drink or two.  It was a nice night for it, and the lighting was good and we had a friendly server upstairs who offered a sample of beer that we weren't familiar with.  I would come back if I was in the mood for English food and rooftop scene in Fort Mill.
3	While attending a conference in near by Rock Hill, a group of us located this district and came for drinks and dinner.  Five of us came to Six Pence to have a drink and get to know each other while we waited for the rest of the group.  The downstairs bar was cute with a great atmosphere.  After dinner a group of us returned to relax in the roof-top patio.  Again very well done but they were not able to retain the Irish feel in this area.  Too bad.  While the beer was excellent as expected I ordered a tequila and tonic.  What was served was in a plastic cup with more ice and drink and the selection of "bar" tequila was horrible.  The wait staff was attentive but I was so put off, that I didn't order another round.
5	Wanted to surprise my husband, we were both pleased. The atmosphere was true Irish, the food great. Looking forward to eat again, this time on the rooftop with a view. A lot of food and not a big bill.
4	My friend and I came in just as they opened. We were greeted with a smile and shown to our table on the porch. The chairs are metal and dug into my back a bit. They're better if you lean back, but I prefer proper posture. We took our time ordering, and the waitress was understanding and on top of refills. I got the fish and chips and she ordered the pasta. We both enjoyed our meals, which we hit without much wait. I ordered the small plate and still took half home for another meal. Overall, great service and food. I'm not in the area often, but I would certainly return.
4	We came here last night to try something different. The atmosphere was really great: romantically lit and warm and quiet. I wanted to sit on the roof but they only open Thursday-Saturday. Oh well.The menu definitely has British and Irish influences, but I guess it would be better classified as "fusion". I had the honey shrimp salad and my boyfriend had the bangers and mash. The salad was really, really great but I kind of wish the shrimp didn't still have the shell on the tail, because I felt I had to either cut it off or eat it with my hands. That's just nit-picking though. It was truly delicious. I tried the bangers, and they were quite good. Our waitress, I think her name was Bev but I can't remember, was super nice and helpful.After dinner we went to the bar for a drink. I had the Strong Bow Cider and Justin had an Irish coffee. Both were very good. The bartender, Bradley, was incredibly kind and personable, and let me taste the Pumking beer (AMAZING! But I didn't have 9 dollars to spend on it) and even gave us a free taste of a specialty Fall drink. We had a great conversation and overall, it was a great experience.I'll definitely go back.
4	Great bar with a decent selection of beers on tap. Friendly service and relaxed atmosphere. It gets 4 stars. Food gets a solid 3 stars. Better than I expected, except for the really overcooked vegetables. How can you go wrong with roast beef and gravy?A short drive and welcome relief from the never ending string of chain restaurants in Rock Hill.
4	Good eat and drink. I liked the firecracker appetizers, veggie quesadillas  and live music in the bar area. The rooftop is a must partake when in season.
5	Great service!  Great food!  Awesome atmosphere!  Thank you Six Pence!
3	This is a typical bar type food only it has a few pub favorites like pot roast and other things like this.I had the pot roast it was a bit dry but very tasty. We had the firecracker's for an appetizer and nachos all of those were good. The onion soup is very salty and has no other taste.My wife had the salmon and it had no taste whatsoever. So stay away from that.My father had the fish and chips and said it was decent. From what we were told its their best seller.
4	Good pub food. The fish and chips and Scotch eggs were very tasty. The fish was seasoned and cooked perfect. The beer selection was good too. The menu had a lot of options if you don't care for the typical pub fare. There is a beer garden on the roof. We didn't get to check it out though.
5	I can only speak for the bar side, as I never eat pub food as a rule. I am more of the organic vegan type.The atmosphere is great. All wood with British decor. They have a nice variety of beer on tap. Some good imports, and even a local microbrewery selection.  You could get a Budweiser too, if that's your preference The bartender is always friendly, and on his or her game. Very important. I enjoy getting good service at a bar.BTW, my friends that do eat pub food live their fried pickles.
5	I love their chicken salad and I love their grilled chicken salad there shepherd's pie is to die for in the service is awesome I love this place.
4	A great location for those who live in the Baxter residential area that can literally walk out their door and around the corner. Good thing I don't live in here or this place would probably break ma bank!So the location is absolutely fantastic in that respect. Otherwise, the Ft. Mill area hasn't really been my cup of tea. If I find myself working late, sure, I will more than likely take advantage of their bar, which is of a fantastic old time decor, well laid out, and is well stocked. Bar maid service (drinks, shots, etc.) is fairly decent.The food quality is good, but in my opinion I think it could pair better with pricing. The service on food specifically could use some improvement. I usually come here expecting to wait.Ideally, this is a great low-key hangout joint with a friendly wait staff, good food, good variety of drinks, and an exceptional atmosphere with great decor. Multiple TV's in both bar and dining rooms.
4	I'm not much of one for bars but when I'm in the Charlotte area I always make a stop at Six Pence. The food is decent, pretty standard bar food fare but I rarely eat there. Beers are priced fairly but shots are on the expensive side. Bartenders are friendly, attentive, professional and generally willing to talk if you and your friends are in the mood for a good conversation. It can get a little loud on weekend nights but never too rowdy; I've never seen a fight or anything like that. Also, if the weather is nice make sure to check out the rooftop bar.
4	Solid meal. I had the chicken strips. They were awesome. Right balance of meat, seasoning, and breading. The wife had the bangers and mash and fried pickles. She was definitely a fan. We will most definitely come back again.
4	Everyone in our party ordered fish and chips. Definitely the best I've had in the Charlotte area. Cod was fresh very white and flaky and the breading was not too thick or too thin. Personally though I prefer a beer battered English fish and chips but this was still delicious. My co-diners ordered fried mushrooms as an appetizer and said they were delicious. My 3 year old niece was with us and the waitress was soooo nice to her. Service was excellent!! I've been here once before for drinks and appetizers and had the fried pickles. They were spicy and delicious. My friend said they were too spicy for her and yes I have a higher spice loving level than most. My only other suggestions are that the fish and chips should include cole slaw. That's like a standard and it would be nice if the bar music was confined to the bar side. There is a great divide between the 2 which is nice for families but the whole time in the restaurant we were listening to Rush and other metal bands. Will definitely be back!
