1	I hate to come in with such a low ball when Kim B. holds this place in such high regard, but both the food and the service at this glorified food court station were horrible!  When the server left us sitting at our table for a good 20 minutes before menus, water or a perfunctory greeting was dispersed, we should have taken that as a sign to cut bait and head next door to Burger Bar.  Yelping, or even thinking really, about this meal and restaurant is getting me so angry I will stop my description of the meal there.  At Giorgio, even the water was bad, but at least it had taste!
3	Looking back at it, nothing was horrible at Caffe Giorgio but nothing was even slightly memorable. I really wish I ate at Burger Bar again instead.
5	So sorry to read the former reviews placed for Giorgio!  Appalling indeed!My good friend Luciano Pelligrini is the Master Chef, and remains the winner of many elite culinary awards.Imported fresh priorities have always been his list topper~you wont be sorry-I loved it here. Cant wait to return in June!
4	Last time I was in Vegas I ate here and hated it.  The service was awful, the food bland, the seats uncomfortable.This time, I was "coereced" into going by a friend b/c it was convenient and b/c the Burger Bar next door was crowded.  I conceded b/c I was starving and out of my mind from hunger.But I have to say I'm glad we ate there!  We both ordered the rigatoni w/fresh tomatos and mozzarella.  The tomatos were so tender and flavorful, and the mozz just melting into the dish was heaven!I really was shocked everything was so good.  I gave it 4 stars b/c no respectable Italian joint should be serving butter with their bread.  Where's the olive oil folks?
5	After 4 days of hauling ass on foot around Vegas and paying way too much for "fancy" food, I was done. My husband is a vegetarian and Vegas isn't a big vegetable mecca, so finding restaurants sucks.Giorgio saved the day and my tired feet. The Burger Bar next door was jumpin' but Giorgio seated us right away and we immediately felt 1000 miles away from the bustle of the Mandalay Place mall. The server came right away and was relaxed and accomodating--he brought my husband's beer and my stiff and yummy rocks margarita quick style. The bread basket with foccacia and sourdough was plentiful. My turkey sandwich and salad were satisfying and reasonably priced, especially after paying stupidly high prices for bad service and lame wanna be gourmet at Circo.I would go to Giorgio again in a heartbeat. The service was excellent--not too fussy, but present, the food just hit the spot and the prices were damned reasonable, especially for Vegas.
3	I found this place via Opentable.com.  We were headed for Vegas and I like getting those 1000 points!  The restaurant is the the Mandalay Bay shopping mall.  My husband and I split two appetizers and one main dish.  We started with the shrimp scampi and steamed clams.  Both were very good.  The clams were small but the wine sauce was done to perfection.  The shrimp in the scampi tasted very fresh and they were big.  The garlic, lemon & butter sauce was scrumptious.  For our main dinner we split the pasta with meat sauce.  No complaints and it was rich and hardy.   So for the price the food was above par but I only gave them three stars, because.......Negative - the service was terrible.  No one came over to offer more water or to check on us and I could see staff (5-6) just standing around the front check in desk.  So after we got our food and ate, we waited and waited for the check.  Our waiter wouldn't make eye contact.  It was a bit annoying but we weren't in a big rush.  I mean we're in Vegas after all and just trying to enjoy our evening.
3	I made a reservation on the thanksgiving day via Opentable.com.Upon arrival, we were seated and greeted by the server promptly. Contradicted to the previous review, the service I noticed was quite okay for my table and the table around me as well. Drink order and bread were brought to our table promptly and the drinks were never empty. The servers checked on us several times and was generally kind.The let down and the reason for a three star is with the food. To be fair, the taste of the foods are actually quite decent ----- if they are not COLD! I ordered the thanksgiving set and the only dish that is considerably acceptable is the turkey. The starter dish and the vege side dishes are all COLD!....i mean they are not even warm....well. I understand it's thanksgiving and the foods are probably pre-made. I know how restaurant runs, so that's understandable. However, please at least reheat/kept the foods at a proper temp. It is crucial to prevent food borne illness. Come on...even the plate itself is warmer than the food on it.
5	I love this place!I love the food, and the Italian waiter!It is nice and low key but the food is very delicious, it is a little quite spot my husband and I like to visit when we want to spend a mellow evening in Vegas!AWSOME PANNA COTTA dessert!
4	I had hard time deciding whether or not I should be reviewing this place because I had far far far too much to drink prior to dinner at this restaurant.... then, of course, I drank some more during dinner.  Ugh.What I do remember though... is that the food was pretty good~!   And it's not some posh-posh expensive place... Yelp tells me that it's $$ restaurant... but it feels like $$$ place.Thank you to my wonderful friend in Las Vegas for picking up the tab on this one!
3	I'm not sure what I want to say about this place other than the service was a little spotty and when I ordered a mojito they gave it to me in a beer glass...with the mint leaves uncrushed....I know this might sound rediculous for me to minus a star for but the truth was that was my first mojito. I just turned 21 and I was extremely excited about ordering a mojito from a super fancy restaurant...But alas, after all the hype from rum commercials, movies flashing the pretty long glass with crushed mint leaves at the bottom in my face, friends raving about how deliciously awesome it is, I'm presenting with a beer cup full of sugar water, soda, uncrushed mint leaves and a normal straw (as opposed to two super thin straws that normally parallel the cup that the drink is in). This experience is only equal to being promised a super hansom rich prince from far away, only to see that he has arrived in a t-shirt and a pair of jeans.  No...No...I don't feel sorry about taking that star away. Ya know what the sad part is..? It had a beer logo on the cup...Okay enough about the drink, onto the super awesome broccoli! I ordered the veal in a white wine sauce with capers with the vegetable side and I have to say I wasn't disappointed. The broccoli was deliciously buttery and garlicky that that was all I ate. The veal was superb, don't get me wrong, but the broccoli out shined it hands down x3 I'd go back for the broccoli if I could get a big bowl of it. And maybe a beer in a mojito cup :D Lol!!
3	More like a 3.5 cuz I've had better gelato but it was still good here.  After shopping around a little and waiting for my aunie shop at h&m I decided to try this place out because I needed something refreshing.  I got the kids cone tiramisu for 3 bucks and it was good.  However the lady working the counter ignored me while talking to her friend so another lady came from the back and helped me but she was a little rude when I asked for samples. Overall it was a refreshing treat so its all g.
4	This was dinner for night #2 in Vegas.  There were 8 of us girls, and we were able to get a reservation easily.  Our reservation was at 6:30, so there weren't too many people dining yet.  We had eat early so we could get ready to party the night away.I went with the Pappardelle and added a meatball...oven dried tomatoes, ground sausage, basil and a touch of cream( http://static1.px.yelp.com/bphoto/vbrJDAVvrKm_r_IHeVqiGQ/l ).  The noodles had a good chewy consistency and the sauce was quite tasty.  The pasta was really filling.  I only ate a little more than half the dish, and then I made myself stop.  I didn't want a food baby showing when I was out partying.Service was pretty good.  They messed up on one of our orders, but 7 out of 8 isn't too shabby.  Prices are reasonable, so I'll keep this place in mind for my next visit to Vegas.
4	I liked this place. Ran across it when we were waiting for burger bar and decided to go our last night. I had the garlic bread as an appetizer which was huge and flavorful. For dinner I had the parpadelle which is as good as some I have had in Chicago. It had the perfect amount of sauce and sausage. So yummy. My husband had a pizza and he said it was very good as well. The reason I am knocking a star is because our waitress was often no where to be found and I wanted a refill on my drink. Also, the poor people next to me ordered a pizza and they screwed it up twice. Not cool. I would go back but I hope the service is better next time.
1	Worst place I've eaten in Vegas.The service was beyond terrible.  Ordered, got bread 10 min later, after finishing the bread, 10 min later the oil/basalmic was set down ion the table.  20 min in we got the first apology that we hadn't gotten our SALADS yet.  Were offered another drink and some more bread.  Bread that never came.  Caprese salad with under-ripe tomatos.  Mmmmm.  Frozen bag broccoli as a side.  Spaghetti with meat sauce......burned?  Yep, i know the taste, texture and color of a burned sauce, having done it at home more than once.  Difference is, I throw it out and start over.I would rather eat at a gas station mini-mart than come back here.
1	At first glance, this place would seem to be a decent place to eat without all the fanfare that is vegas. However this place was a big let down.First, the service was horrible. The bussers and other assistants did their job well, but the waiter himself was inattentive. After we placed our order we noticed that we had a choice between fries or vegetable. He just chose french fries.. LAME.. We ordered mixed drinks which were ok, but never asked us for refills. It was almost like going to Denny's to eat, except at Denny's, they ask you what option you would pick for your order!Now the food. It was blah.. nothing great. Again, i chose the sampler since it went so well at Piamma's... For a salad i had cantaloupe with prosciutto. It was terrible. I love prosciutto and mixed the cantaloupe it was good, but they gave me about 1/2 lb of prosciutto with the pieces of cantaloupe. The plate looked like a bowl of prosciutto and the cantaloupe was buried underneath. Also, i noticed that the "cook" attempted to cut the cantaloupe into pieces but stopped midway.. what the hell was that?My steak was cooked they way i wanted and it was seasoned ok. However, i noticed that one of my dining partners order her steak medium and she instead got it medium rare.. the same color as mine. Whatever. The creme-brule was forgettable and bite size.This place was forgetable and should avoid this place at all cost unless you enjoy mediocrity on both sides of the kitchen
3	Just kinda meh. Not super high class, but good for the money. My shrimp parmiagana was nothing exceptional, but someone else ordered the boneless porkchop. THAT was good.Good location for large parties too!
2	Service was decent....we chose this spot because it was the quietest option available. family friendly yes...this is a challenge in vegas casinosfood was ok -chix fettuccini alfredo,eggplant parm, pasta with meat sauce, artichoke pasta and a garlic basil pasta dish with 2 mediocre meatballs.Similar quality of an olive garden...decent...good in a pinch but not anything i would intentionally return to
2	I went to a wedding reception here and I'm still trying to wrap my brain around going to a celebration across from a flip-flop store, but I'll just stick to reviewing the food.Champagne was flowing, so that's always a good thing. I can forgive a lot if I'm drinking the bubbly.The starter was a margherita pizza. It was kind of meh, but not offensive.Next up was a salad which was very good. It was composed of arugula, radicchio and some other greens. It was peppery, had a nice bite to it, and the perfect amount of dressing.I wish I'd stopped after the salad and the champagne but unfortunately the main course was yet to be served. We had a choice of salmon or chicken marsala and since I'm not a salmon lover, I chose the chicken.I'll preface this by saying that I make an excellent chicken marsala, but I tried to keep an open mind. The sauce contained no discernible mushrooms. Aren't mushrooms a main component of this dish? And the sauce was black. Not brown, not dark brown, but black. It tasted like that horrible "Kitchen Bouquet" seasoning that bad cooks use. On the side were overcooked, greasy vegetables.I only had 2 bites and decided to cut my losses, down more champagne and focus on the joy of the occasion and not the food.
4	Thursday, January 8, 2010 (third night in Vegas):On the first night in Vegas I noticed this restaurant in the shoppes area in Mandalay Bay. I had been to this hotel before and eaten at the "Burger Bar" but never noticed this quaint little restaurant. I asked my girl if she'd want to eat there. We actually tried to make it in on our second night there, but they weren't seating anymore so we decided to try again on the next night. Let me start off by saying that the food here is good, really good for the price. I liked how it wasn't packed and it wasn't loud. It was more of the kind of restaurant I'm used to eating at. Not refined in anyway but more...comfortable. Feels like I'm sitting down to eat with my Sicilian family at our favorite restaurant back home, which is gone now.If you want a nice dinner at a good price. And you don't want to be "seen" like you would if you went to the celebrity chef restaurants that are pretty much a dime a dozen now in Vegas. This is your spot. Try it out!
1	This place was purely awful. We had reservations at 5:30pm, because we were going to see the Lion King right after dinner (the theater was right downstairs). We were seated right next to the busboy station (three busboys were standing there talking) and were IGNORED for a good 15 minutes. No water, no bread, no greeting, NOTHING. I noticed a guy sitting at the bar, and later discovered that this dude was actually our waiter! He decided to approach our table just in time because we both agreed we were going to get up and hop over to the BurgerBar next door if somebody didn't approach our table soon. We probably should have gone anyway, but we didn't. As for the food, it was nothing spectacular. I started with a caprese salad before my meal. It was edible, but not delicious. The mozzarella did not taste fresh, and there was barely any basil. Not something I'd recommend. My husband ordered the fettuccine alfredo, and I ordered the eggplant parmesan. He said his fettuccine was pretty good. The eggplant parmesan was just ok. It was tasty, but too greasy. All things considered, we will not bother to go back to Giorgio. There are plenty of other places to choose from!
4	[From a Nov. '06 experience]: I went here on a Saturday afternoon (roughly 3:30 PM) because everything else was closed at Mandalay Bay. I was leery at first simply because of Giorgio's location: it's effectively in a "mall." We were promptly seated and our orders came farily quickly. The bitter greens salad (radicchio, endive, arugula and shaved parmesan) was great, as were the Insalata Caprese and butternut squash ravioli. The waiter was even able to accomodate a special request for fresh fruit as a dessert -- the raspberries tasted like they had been picked just minutes prior! The prices were reasonable and the service was attentive. On my way out, I noticed that Giorgio was part of the Piero Selvaggio restaurant group, which includes Valentino in Santa Monica (previously rated by Zagat as one of the best Italian restaurants in Los Angeles.) Pros: Good food, good service, reasonable prices. Cons: None that I can think of.
5	We went here our last night in Vegas with our group of 5. We were sat quickly and the water was also quickly poured after sitting. Our waiter was VERY nice. Out drink orders were placed in a timely manner and quickly followed with our food order. I had the pasta with a red cream sauce and sausage. Delicious. I want more right now just thinking about it. My boyfriend and friend both got the special that night, pasta with shrimp and scallops. My boyfriend still cant stop talking about how wonderful his dish was. Another ordered the fettuccine Alfredo and said it was good, but nothing special. My other friend ordered the butternut squash ravioli and said it was one of the best meals he has ever had. Also we were brought three different kinds of breads and we had oil for dipping on the table. We did not dine on any dessert since we were stuffed from a fabulous dinner. We will be coming here again on our next trip to Vegas. SO YUMMY!
5	Wow, this place is great. if you want a high quality meal without paying $40 per entree in Vegas, this place is a winner. Also happy to have the Peroni on tap. Great find!
1	This place was closed when i came here. Everything was boarded up and it had a sign saying "Venue closed"
4	Cute and comfortable little Italian spot inside Mandalay Bay next to Burger Bar.You could totally miss this spot since it's pretty dimlit.I remember the service being quite amazing. I believe I ate here once by myself...yes, sometimes I like to enjoy a nice hearty meal with a sexy glass of wine on my own. Yeah, I can treat myself out if I want, no judging! I ate here again with the SBBF during the time of my tradeshow days as well.Pasta here is very YUM!The bread and butter they bring out is also pretty bomb. Then again, at this point in my life, any type of CARB is BOMB!!!This would be a good place to go if you're staying at Mandalay Bay and don't wanna have to pay bajookoobucks to dine at StripSteak, Fleur De Lys or any other hoity-toity spot in this hotel. This place is AFFORDABLE, which is nice, especially if you just lost ALL your change at the penny slots. ;)
