5	How do you call a visit to a bail bondsman a positive experience?  Well, I can -- not having had any experience in this matter, I was in the position to bail a loved one out of jail.  I had no idea where to look or what to expect.  In my search for bail bonds on the internet, something about this ad caught my eye.  It might have been the personal introduction of the owner - it may have been the word 'online'.  I'm not sure, but I had to start somewhere and this seemed like a good start.  After a conversation with Marc , I was confident I had made the correct choice.  I called back to get the ball rolling with William, who was on it in minutes!  The next day, going to sign paperwork, I was even more comfortable with my choice.  They are truly a caring company with integrity. Not something you see in many business, let alone this business.  We were not rushed, we were explained everything, and even got some great words of advice and a well needed boost of confidence.  Hope to not need them any time soon, but I will advise everyone I know of this company.  Truly satisfied.
5	Amazing.  Great, easy to deal with, I had to call in from out of state and these guys were so easy to deal with.. basic information and payment information.  One highly rated other place said because I didn't live in Nevada, I had to fill out no less than 6 forms and pay a penalty deposit of $500 on top of the over $500 bail bond fee, but not these guys and gals!Absolutely great to deal with, no "What can I do you for?" attitude like so many others I called.  Don't believe the reviews on the other places, I called no less than 5 of them before I found eBail.You guys are fantastic.  Thank you so much.
5	I would not recommend anyone else in town! Honest, reliable and most of all a true professional business. Without a doubt Marc has a heart of gold! Never would I imagine a bail bonds company offering such excellent customer service!!!Do not be fooled by the other companies who claim they have your best interest at heart. I must say i am thankful for their honesty. Thank you Marc for giving me peace of mind when I needed it most.
5	EBail is the way to go! My family contacted them and there were able to set bail very quickly. Great guest service and very helpful with payment plans. If you need a Bail Bondsman this is the place to go.
5	Great and reliable business!   If you need someone who is honest and quick, this is the place.
5	Helped out a friend....fast, easy, and reliable service.. recommend for anybody seeking a bail bonds service.
5	You guys are great!  Everything was explained well and even though we were short on money you work out a payment plan. Thank you for helping my friend.
5	Nice guy. Crappy situation. Never used a bail bondsman before. First time for everything I suppose. Marc walked me through the process quick fast and in a hurry. Thought I had a pretty good grasp of the situation. I was about 70% there. Marc got me to 100%. Even brought up stuff I would have never even considered. Courteous, friendly and down to earth. Apparently he's seen enough people going through the down and ugly. He knows how to treat you when your world is all cockeyed. If that was all, I would have been good but I ended up having questions about how things worked at the LV City Jail later that day and when I called for answers at 10:30 at night, they were just as helpful as they were at 8:00 in the morning. The rest of this situation sucked but the bail part was almost pleasant. It was still bail after all. Highly recommended. They turned out to be as good as the other reviews made them out to be.
5	eBAIL is the way to go!!!! I found eBAIL on yelp and decided to go with them because all the reviews were great; rightfully so. Marc is just simply amazing. When I spoke to him, I was noticeably frustrated (as I'm sure most people would be due to the circumstances), but he did not react and maintained such a positive and professional attitude. In addition, he was very informative, always accessible on the phone or text, but mostly, he was compassionate. At no point during our visit did I feel like he was judgmental. I can't thank him enough!!! eBAIL is my #1 best recommendation!
5	The owner of E-bail was very helpful and patient. Took the time to work with me and work with what I had. Not many people are helpful in that way but the owner is a good guy and I would definitely recommend with going with this business if you need a bail bondsman. He will answer any question you have with the up most sincerity. You can definitely rely on his help. I would go to him and only him if a situation requires his profession and no one else.
