5	I'm visiting from San Francisco and wow is there a lot of Mexican food around here!OMG delicious drunken burrito goodness!  I got the Arizona, recommended by a latina friend.. it has potatoes, I believe carnitas, salsa and sour cream.  Plus awesome hot sauce, which I drizzled all over it.  Really the best late night after-drinking food!
4	When I first moved to Phoenix, I was told that I should never eat at a restaurant that ends in -berto's unless it's Filiberto's.  And, thankfully, sticking to that rule has always ensured that I didn't get sick from a bad burrito.But it never prevented me from getting the wrong thing on a regular basis.  I order a beef, I get pork.  I order a burrito anticipating veggies, rice and meat, and get a brick-size amount of chicken cubes in a tortilla.  I order a drink and have to finangle to receive it.Service sucks. This location's atmosphere is parking lot full of yuppy cars from the people going to Pita Jungle or getting vegan pizza.  But the food, regardless of how different from the actual or anticipated order, is always good.
2	In Short: It's not the greatest  but you do get a mountain of food.  This is OK if you are drunk.Filibertos is a staple for drunken college kids around ASU, it's fast and cheap, and you can feed a small army with one plate.  Except for that, there's nothing much to write about.  Most of the food contain loads of carbs, some meat and a unhealthy slathering of cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and oil (it's more like a combination of all or some of the ingredients).  That's pretty much it, not much frills.  If you are drunk, I'd say this will be the place to go to get some food in you, but as mexican food goes, this is around the bottom of the list.
2	I stopped by this Filibertos after a massage at SWIHA starved to near death (not really, but it felt like it) to get a burrito to eat on my way to hi-lites. I chose an Arizona burrito filled with chicken, rice, sour cream and something else (not beans though which I forgot to add). At first it had a nice citrusy flavor but pretty quickly it got old and I was tired of eating a lemon burrito. To make matters worse it was full of what we call "funny chicken". You know. those weird pieces that are so chunky and chewy and grisly they're like bits of plastic. I'm used to the Ahwatukee Filiberto's where's there's no "funny chicken" in sight. Once I got to the salon I threw most of it away. I should have stuck with the vegetarian burrito. What was I thinking?
3	More authentic than Taco Bell, Baja Fresh and Chiptole but still definitely qualifies as a mexican fast food chain.  Food was decent for what it was.  I would return if I needed a quick fix meal.
4	This place has some EXCELLENT, LARGE, and MEATY burritos.  They also have some pretty good horchata, and nice tortas (sandwiches).  If you're looking for a drive-through, or are willing to eat outside, then Filiberto's is a great place to get some food.
5	FILLY-B's!!!!!  only 8 reviews?? NINE now!!!wow do i miss THIS place:- 24hrs- drive-thru or walk up only- ridiculously cheap- ridiculously tastyof course the arizona burritos are good, everything is good. i used to LOVE one of the combos... you get a beef burrito, taco, rice and beans... for UNDER $6.  wow.  color me silly and call me sally. they have bomb horchata too.really good and fresh flautas/rolled tacos and breakfast burritos. damn, everything here is good, whether drunk or sober.
3	Cheap, fast, and fresh. I had a shredded beef taco and shredded beef burrito combination. Rice and beans were a little bland and the burrito came with sauteed veggies in it, so it was a little soggy by the time I got home with it. The real gem was the taco! Although there was a little oil in the bottom of my styrofoam to-go box, this showed me that the taco shell was fried to my order and it was thick and crisp and perfect for holding together the filling, which was hot and moist, with no weird hard pieces. I will definetly be back.
1	I used to like the Carne Asada, then one day I got a Toe nail in my burito. So Gross I want to puke thinking about it.. I quit going for several months, and went back our of desperation late at night. This time got a carne Asada again and this time with the time of someones fingernail, So gross.. NEver again. If you like mystery meat then you would like this place. GROSS
5	I've only been in Tempe for 4 days, but I've already been here twice--once a tad inebriated, once completely sober. And both times, I was pretty blown away. The portions are beyond generous, cheap, and come with a variety of toppings depending on what you order: cabbage or jalapeno, cilantro and onion  or onions, tomato and guacamole. In addition, this one of the few restaurants (certainly of the fast-food ilk) that offer lengua or beef tongue. Their beef tongue taco was tasty, rich, greasy and fabulous--producing in me the mixture of bliss and self-loathing than can only be matched by the consumption of a Cinnabon.Filibertos on Apache Boulevard is right across the street from me. And it's open 24 hours. I forsee many future visits for me, particularly when a little sloshed and starving--a time when I would much prefer some greasy cow tongue in my mouth than the tongue of a hot blonde.Well...except for January Jones.
2	There's one word that best describes this place: Ehhh. NO really, it's nothing special and it's definitely on my list of mexican places to avoid in Arizona. Yes, I'm one of those annoying people who like to compare everything to California... so this is for my northern Californians who are searching for a place as good as La Vic's :(I came here last fall after a night of drinking, and of course, like any other drunk person I just wanted some greasy ass mexican food. I got the carne asada fries and I remember them satisfying my craving.Fast forward almost a year, my bf and I were starving and just needed a quick fix in the middle of lunch and dinner. We head over to Filibertos (completely sober btw) and order the carne asada fries. What a freakin disappointment... the fries were super bland and I felt like I had to force myself to finish them even though we were really really hungry.Moral of the story: Filibertos is only good when drunk. But then again, Denny's is like a 5 star restaurant after a night of drinking. So all I can really say about this place is ehhhhh...
5	Ok, so where do I start...I am new to the valley, and was asking around about a good Mexican restaurant in the area. I think I had about five different people recommend this place called "Filiberto's". When I asked what this place was like, I got the same answer from each person, "dude, it's like Mexican fast food, but way better than taco bell!". Well me being from California, where authentic Mexican places are on every corner, I was sceptical to say the least. So on Oct 29, I finally decided to go check this place out for myself.I ordered the #19-chicken burrito, chicken enchilada, rice, and beans (w/no tomatoes). It probably took four minutes from order time until I got my order, very fast. I was very pessimistic at this point about how the quality of this food was going to be. To my surprise,when I opened the box everything was very neat and presentable, and looked delish.  I started out by pouring some hot sauce on top of the whole meal and then I dug in. The burrito was big, but not intimidating, and the chicken was very moist. The burrito had a good mixture of rice,beans and chicken. The enchilada was smothered in sauce with lettuce and cheese on top, in a corn tortilla. It was very moist and the sauce they used was awesome. They gave me a large portion of re-fried beans with melted cheese on top. Last was the rice, normally I am not a big fan of Mexican style rice, but this rice was soooo good, not overpowered with spices, just right. Overall Filiberto's is an awesome joint, it's cheap,fast, and delicious. It's a no frills, authentic Mexican fast food spot, you cant really ask for much more. I'm glad I was advised to go to Filiberto's and I will definitely recommend it to other people.
2	Everyone in AZ has been to Filiberto's, and if you've expanded your horizons you'll realize it's nothing special. But who cares? This is Sun Devil turf. You're drunk, and there's a pretty cool crowd of fellow youngsters looking to scarf down some cheap food and pass out. Socialize while you wait a half hour for your order. When you feel like crap in the morning, just chalk it up to the four loko and forget about indulging in this embarrassment to Mexican food.Two stars because those poor guys work so hard. Not that this review matters--they'll get plenty of business.
2	Meh was okfood is nothing special and the prices were averageguess I have to continue my search for good mexican food in arizona
1	worst Adobada I've ever had in my entire life and I will never eat here ever again.
3	Whoa Daddy, my favorite Fili-B's! Ok, so occasionally they screw up my order, and yes, it's drive through only unless you want to chance the park benches and chance, 1. Getting stormed by homeless folk. 2. Getting stormed by lost hipsters on their way to Pita Jungle. 3. Getting stormed by Catholics protesting Planned Parenthood. 4. Getting stormed by embarrassed youngsters looking for Planned Parenthood while cloak and daggering the Catholics. 5. Getting stormed by pot heads looking for the smoke shop. 6. Getting stormed by seedy people looking for the sex shop. so stay in your car, take it home or to a park and enjoy. The location is not desirable, and they don't always nail your order, but come on, it's Fili-B's! When they get it right, it is SOOOO freaking right.
3	the standard metro-phoenix fast-food taqueria, although this location has been known to have a "girls gone wild" element to it during certain times of day - due to its proximity to ASU. if I'm drunk and craving this genre, I personally prefer Texano's (a hundred feet west on the other side of the light rail tracks), but this spot is a little cheaper. Go with the Arizona Burrito (or the California at Texano's)... a giant flour tortilla stuffed with carne asada, cheddar, pico de gallo, and curiously, french fries. Just incredible. and stay away from the combos, which are basically just styrofoam containers filled with canned refried beans and day-old rice. Wash it down with a Horchata, then get to bed.
4	I love Filly B's! I'm usualy a Country Burrito fan, but I tried something different today and it was still delish! Nice guy working the cash register. It's close to my apartment and open late.
4	Some pretty decent mexican food, and quiet cheap as well. $5 for a burrito, though it's not as big as the $6/$7 burritos or taste as good as the ones in San Jose, CA, it was still good. if I was from here, I'd probably come here a lot.. maybe a little too much though. I tried an Arizona Burrito, which was potatoes, cheese, and steak burrito. Pretty good, though the potatoes seemed a little too hard, but it was whatever. Just tasty greasy food, my brother said it's the perfect hangover food, and they are open late so :).
3	Great food after a night of drinking. However, you are going to have to wait for a while before you enjoy it. I have never been here, night or day, and had good service. Whether it's sitting and waiting to place your order or waiting to receive your food, you can guarantee being there for like 20-30 minutes. As everyone mentioned, you need to try the carne asada fries. You won't be disappointed.
3	You can't understand a word the lady says through the drive through. Great food
1	Wheres the 0 star? It's horrible when people like here give you MEAT when you EXCLUSIVELY say you DON'T EAT MEAT! I had to take a bite to realize my burrito had meat in it even after I repeatedly asked them not to! Sadly i realized this at 1:30 AM when i drove back to my place and sat myself down to eat after a longggg day! Atleast I hope they will have the courtesy to gimme what I wanted next time I go there, bcs I feel robbed right nowUPDATE: I went back to return the burrito which they gave me with meat when i clearly specified NO MEAT, they wouldnt give me the burrito I asked for in return!! and they are so RUDE about it, and it doesnt help that they act like they dont understand English at all! One of the worst experiences, I feel CHEATED! Of course I know they cant read this review, its not like they would do anything different even if they did, I dont think they even care about Yelp!
2	It's Filiberto's. They are all similar, yet there is a considerable difference between shops when it comes to food quality and service.Like any Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice or beans? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice/beans. Rice and beans are cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!?  Senseless.
4	I go here often. Good food, good portions, and sorta kinda cheap. I recommend the #19 combo, but ask for chicken. Most of the employees at the window speak at least broken English too, this is a plus. All in all, good experience. Ask for bumper stickers too if you want, they usually have them.
1	I love Filibertos. But the quality of the food depends on its location. While the one at Guadalupe and Mcclintock remains my favorite place to go to, this one is my LEAST favorite mostly because of the location its in. It's drive through only, so unless you want to eat with the angry mob of religious folk protesting planned parenthood next to you with images of dead fetuses, I suggest you just take your food and get out of there.Every time I go there I also get harassed by homeless people who hang around Food City and Filibs who ask for "just some change" so they can get something to eat, and when you do give them exactly "some change" (25 cents or so) they give you this incredulous ungrateful look that a beggar should not have. There are also  handful of loud, obnoxious college kids who get drunk at mill who stumble toward Filibertos after getting off on the light rail.And a couple of seedy, dirty half-homeless looking people who always are always trying to sell you something. Food wise though, the heftiness of the burrito is actually dependent on who makes it. The younger, smaller male makes my burrito half the size of what I normally get, and the Carne Asada Fries either have too little guac or too little sour cream. It's still good if you are incredibly desperate (my fat ass has a loyalty card there), but it's not like it's a fine dining experience.
3	Idk what the deal is here. I got some late night breakfast burritos, and it did the job fulfilling the munchies after a late ASU party. Haven't seen egregious errors in service nor have I meant these infamous hobos. Was a pretty good fan of the chorizo and egg, and the carne asada fries were kickass.The website as of now is pretty atrocious, I wouldn't be able to tell you the menu off the top of my head but if it's common place Mexican they probably have it.Stay classy, Tempe.
3	Fantastic greasy and authentic Mexican food. Perfect hangover food. I tend to favor bringing it home after a night is drinking to "settle the demons" That being said... Their food does not translate well to sober eating. My husband and I stopped by one afternoon recalling its awesomeness after a night of drinking and were less than impressed.The store was pretty dirty and I can only imagine what the kitchen looked like.
2	After a long night of homework, and more than a few drinks on Mill, this seemed like a good place to grab some food on the way home. Guess again. I've been to this location before and the service has always been less than ideal. Food isn't bad, but the customer service lacks greatly. The older guy who works later in the evnings should care about what his customers want. Oh, and learn some english, this is America after all..
1	Went to this locations was over charged,  the receipt absolutely made no sense. We wanted to split the bill and do 4$ on my card and 4.79 in cash so we told the lady to wait while we got the change, she ended up charging the card 4.79 and taking the change. When I called in the morning to ask about it, the person could not speak english and hung up on me. Will never go here again. I know your not going to a five star restaurant but shouldn't there be some way of communication with them? We are in the middle of a college town and they can's speak hardly any english and really  hanging up on the customers?!
2	You get the same burrito at every filibertos. The drive through man would only give me 2 sauces when I asked for 4. I was sitting at the open window and he just pretended like he couldn't speak English. Lies.
3	Most likely this food isn't sanitary considering how close quarters and small this place is. But just close your eyes and don't think about it though.
3	They charged me a dollar more than menu price for a bean burrito. It tasted good, but I do not enjoy being overcharged.
3	I'd give this drive-thru place 2.5 stars if I could because it"s better than "Meh!" but not quite "A-OK." The generous filling of the overstuffed chicken and steak tacos was delicious, BUT the small soft tortillas were very flimsy and fell apart immediately. And their hot sauce was the least interesting I've ever tasted. There are a couple of picnic tables outside, but they looked kind of dirty. I wouldn't try to eat their tacos in your car. Way too messy, and they didn't even bother to throw plastic utensils in the bag.
3	If you want fast Mexican food that is decent for the price, this is undoubtedly the place to go. I stopped there after the bars closed on Mill and the carne asada burritos with rice and beans satisfied my desire to fill up my stomach and light my mouth on fire simeltaneously. I'd consider myself a satisfied customer.
3	My friend brought me the chimichanga combination plate which comes with rice and beans (no Mexican meal is complete without beans and rice). It was lovely - not superb, but it gave me just the right amount of satisfaction for the start of the day.The chimichanga had way too many mediocre green peppers in it for me to give it anything more than three stars. The rice and beans were of a solid good quality; this would be approaching a 3.5 star review if only these were available in larger portions. Unfortunately, the chimichanga was HUGE and the sides were tiny tiny.If you're looking for a quick and greasy Mexicano meal to fill you up, this is the ticket. Looking for something great? Pass this place up and head to Fiesta Burrito.
1	Got the carne asada burritos. They tasted... odd. Got over it -- paid for them, after all, might as well eat them, right? Well... no. Got sick as a dock 6 hours later -- violent, and I mean VIOLENT, vomiting, spectacular diarrhea. Called them to report what happened -- the guy on the other end of the phone didn't give a damn.The customer service here just SUCKS. Once they've got your money, they don't give a shit about you, PERIOD.
3	Let me start this off correctly: this is, by no means, a fine Mexican dining establishment. Going to FillyB's is less about the food and more about the experience. Well, I'd be lying if I told you that I don't crave the carne asada fries from time to time here. At end of the day, though, this is your typical late night munchies spot that is open ridiculously late and always has decent food. It's not the cheapest, it's not the fastest, but it's definitely a staple and something you need to experience after a long night. You haven't truly lived in Tempe if you don't have any great stories that ended with you at Filibertos. Just do it, but don't expect too much.
1	No thanks. Ill stick to being hungry.
5	The first time, I went through the drive-through and discovered the speaker/microphone is terrible, and they got my order wrong but the food was delicious. Every time since, I've parked and walked up to the window (the window is open 24 hours) and ordered there, and they've never gotten my order wrong since. (so, pro tip: don't use the drive-through. Walk up to the window.) It's good food that leaves me feeling good -- real Mexican tostadas and tamales like the kind you can only get from authentic Mexican food places like this.I also discovered tonight that they have REAL Mexican cokes -- you know, the kind that can't be bought at grocery stores in the US. The kind that has good caffeine and REAL cane sugar instead of the American corn syrup crap. They're $2.50/bottle but it's a real nice luxury treat. Mexican coke doesn't leave the sticky feeling in your mouth like corn syrup coke does.
