5	I don't know what this persons problem is but Sharper Vision Eyecare is NOT what he is saying it is. The entire staff is perfectly friendly, the doctors are even better, they have an amazing selection of glasses, the wait time is good for an office setting, and they definitely DON'T push you on upselling. Yes, they do ask if you're interested in different eye tests and they list the price but once you say no, that's the end of it. My family and I have been going there for 8 years or so and we have never once been disappointed with anything. They always have taken great care of us and we've never had a problem with insurance. If I could give them 100 stars, I would.
5	I have been coming to this eyecare business for about 9 years. Do not believe the poor review! I receive excellent service every time. The staff is attentive and knowledgeable. The tests are all clearly explained and if there is an added fee, it is stated and not forced upon you. The doctors here are personable and professional; it is often hard to find both! I always enjoy my experience here and will be using Sharper Vision for my eyecare services for years to come.
4	I have been very pleased with my eye appointments with both Dr Schecter and Dr Gieske.   Straight info and advise  The Opticians have always provided welcome assistance and I have always liked the frames they helped me select.  Their selection of frames seems to be expanding even more in their new locationPrices are on par with other eyecare providers
2	First of all, I have to point out that I am highly concerned that there are four "hidden" reviews for this place, all of which are negative but not "reccommended". Funny, how all the visible reviews are good, so it gives them a higher rating...? I wonder if my two-star review will become "hidden" as well...? None of those reviews are inappropriate - they're honest. I think someone may be flagging them to hide them, which is not cool folks.Okay, so here's what I have to say. This place has amazing equipment and technology. Three years ago, I came here and was astounded - another eye doctor had tried telling me my eyes hadn't changed, but yet everything was fuzzy, I KNEW my eyes had changed. I came here to Sharper Vision and yes, they had proper equipment and with my new glasses, I could see again!! It was wonderful. I even recommended this place to my mother and grandmother. The eyeglasses selection is... on the minimal side, but I liked what they had, so I didn't mind. Lately, though, the service has taken a turn, and not for the better. My last visit, I tried talking to the doctor about my eye muscles fluttering constantly in one eye, and he dismissed it. New glasses helped, but I still have this issue. I was also frustrated because their eyeglass selection has just gotten ridiculous. Hey, you want uber-trendy frames? This is the place to go. Fendi, Vogue, Juicy, oh, they got it. You'll pay upward of $500 for the frames alone, but they got it. You want reasonably priced simple frames? Eh... you might not be happy with what they have. Frankly, I didn't like the shape of the glasses I got, but they were all I could afford. Everything else was high-end brand names and too pricey. Unless, that is, I wanted huge granny-glasses or aviator styles that look straight out of the eighties. Yeah, they have those, too. Seriously, I think they stock those so that the beautiful $550 Fendi frames that compliment your eyes will suddenly look worth the cost.Now, I've been trying to get in to see the doctor again. My eye muscles are fluttering horribly, interrupting my sleep and my work, AND I'm planning a major vacation in about three weeks. I've been trying to get in to see someone for a month now, and they're always full.But its not just that. When I call in, the office staff is horrible (hence why I'm pointing out those "hidden" reviews, as they all mention the rudeness of the staff) and absolutely unhelpful. I call in and rather than trying to help me find an open appointment, I'm told every day they're filled up. Seriously? Every single slot filled for the next two weeks?? Not one opening??? What, is this eye-season or something?So... I don't know what's going on. I don't know why they're hiding all the negative reviews here, I don't know why the staff is suddenly not being very helpful, and I don't know why it now costs nearly double to get glasses than it did my first time in. I still have respect for this place and their doctors... but I don't have the time to wait for them now, and I can't afford them. It makes me sad.
