4	I went for lunch and I ordered the Venezuelan arepas. Arepas were crispy stuffed with cheese and chicken. The Chips were good and there is a salsa bar, I only like the mild one, the salsa verde didn't taste like anything . My husband ordered the American tacos, he thinks it was just ok. This place has an arepa and empanada special on Thursday and I will be coming back for more.
4	Food was really yummy. The nachos are huge and taste great.The staff were very friendly and helpful on our first visit
3	Tried Sabor for the first time tonight and was underwhelmed. Maybe it's better when you go in versus getting it to go. We ordered the elote loco, chicken nachos, burritos (steak and steak/chicken combo), chicken empanada, chicken veg w/black bean quesadilla, steak tacos authenticos, and guacamole. The elote was very disappointing ... not the grilled street corn that I'm used to. There was no flavor and the corn was steamed. The burritos and quesadillas were not made to order either.  The order was read back to me, a mistake corrected and the young man read it back correctly a second time. I would recommend a visual inspection of the order next time.I had heard great things about the nachos and they looked great from the pictures. This was a miss for me ... The nachos were packaged all together and were a soggy mess once we got them home (we live less than 10min away). I should have asked, but I assumed that they would have packaged toppings in one container and chips in another. Not the case. If ordering takeout I would definitely ask them to do this! The flavor was bland.Now on to more of the positives.... The guacamole was simple and delicious. I ordered the shrimp taco (prepared authentic style) and thought it was well seasoned and pretty tasty. Unfortunately, everything on the menu felt like I could have prepared it at home and with more flavor. One major plus ... The staff were really helpful and friendly!
4	Taco Tuesday is good time come. Several of their tacos are only $1. The food is delicious!  The Mexican music adds to the atmosphere.
