1	If you enjoy incompetent guess work and like being a guinea pig to all sorts of unneeded medication then COME ON DOWN!Chances are you will not be seen by a certified M.D. they will pawn you off on a Physicians Assistant, and if you happen to see the actual Doctor could really trust the opinion of someone who has a Petrified Creamed Corn Grill? Once you get into the exam room, you wont even be examined, they walk in , walk out and grab their medical dictionary and come back in and point at the most fitting scenario/picture.What happened to the good old days where you got into a gown and then had your eyes, ears, nose looked in and had to say aaaaaaahhh while having a Popsicle stick in your mouth? They didn't even break out the stethoscope and listen to my lungs!I could get better medical advice from a pile of Dog Shit, Thanks for Nothing!!
1	I went to this office when I had a glass cut, with one hand up in the air to prevent the continuing bleeding.There were only three persons in the lobby, but I had to wait for an hour to just get in to waiting room. The nurse took me to the waiting room, she was so cold, no "hello" or "oh, what happened?" you know, the usual compassion greeting when you go to doctor's office. I was left in waiting room for 2 hours.Meanwhile, the doctor & the staffs chatting; laughing outside the waiting room.After the physician assistant finally gave me stitches, a big man came in with a poker face,no smile,no introduce himself; no eye contact and say absolutely nothing.  I had to ask him his name to break the coldness in that room 5 minutes into his jobto clean my wound. Something about this place is very wrong, either the company did not treat their employee right so they don't care the quality of their service. Or it just simply run by a group of people with no compassion, just extreme incompetence.I walked in there at 11am, out at 3pm. 4 hours for couple stitches.While I was driving home, with a headache from that bad air circulation room,I was still wondering how can a place like that still standing?I did not go back to this place to remove the stitches,i thought if it took 4 hours to take care of my bleeding wound. Imagine just for removing stitches, how long would they make me wait?Do yourself a big favor, research a better urgent care while you are healthy. You'll be happier to find a place that will treat you at least as good as you treat your dog.P.S.Another possible reason for others to have 5 star experience is that they'll let you cut in & treat you better if you pay cash or have better insurance.
5	I'm really surprised this place has been ripped so thoroughly in reviews. I've been here numerous times and I've been taken care of well.At first I'd go for the severe cold and flu stuff, once being bronchitis. Years later I had more serious problems. The person who said you really never see a real MD is right. I'm not sure I ever saw a Dr. in all my times here, but that's not a real issue with me. Diagnose my illness and give me something to cure it.If the custodian there could do that I'd be happy. I once went here not knowing what was wrong with me and a PA diagnosed it and gave me a ton of literature on the illness. I didn't fill the prescription she gave me and I cured the ailment with over-the-counter supplements she recommended. One reason I go here is because it's rarely crowded and I'm usually not in the waiting room long. I was recently told that I need to start going to a Primary Care doctor and develop a relationship there in case I need a referral somewhere. Urgent Care can't give referrals based on your insurance.Maybe I'm just fortunate that I've had better experiences than others on here.
2	Took my wife here last week with flu symptoms, it wasn't very busy but it still took about an hour and a half before we left. The wait time was okay considering there was only one doctor for the whole place. The nurse was not overly friendly as she asked all the questions that we already filled out on their forms. I suppose the establishment serves its purpose when you can't get in to see your primary care doctor.
1	I took my son here to be checked out for a fever and coughing. There was only 1 other person in the waiting room and even after they were called in we still had tow wait for another half hour.  We were called into the room by an awful M.A.  she didn't say hello or say anything to my son and I had to repeat his medicine allergies several times.  She then opens the door and walks out and looks at me like I'm a dog supposed to just follow her.  Then she says in here and just points. I'm an M.A myself and I would have been reprimanded for treating a patient like that. She then left us alone for more than 45 minutes. I had to go out and ask when we were going to be seen. She ushered me back to the room and as she was closing the door said the dr would be in in a minute. It was another 20 minutes before the dr came in and he spent 30 seconds looking at my son, said he had a uri and left.  I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. They have very poor customer sevice skills and I think some of these people got their certifications off the back of a cereal box.
4	Never had any complaints about this place, except it smells like death when you walk in. I've always been well taken care of when Im here.
1	I would not go back to this place, even though it is close. It looks run down and dirty inside, both in the waiting areas and exam rooms. I did not feel very confident in the skills or assessment done by the doctor or the staff. It seemed quick and not very thorough.
1	This place is less than a mile from my house and I'd never go back. It looks run down when you walk in, for starters. I didn't wait long to talk to someone about my symptoms, however, while explaining how I felt, I didn't even get my vitals checked. I told the nurse that I had been sick for over a week. That it started off with flu symptoms but now I had cold symptoms and a bad cough. When I saw the doctor he said "so you are throwing up a lot?" I said no. He said "uh, you have abdominal pain?" I said no again. He said "you have chest pain?" I said I had a cough. So he leaves the room not saying anything, and a nurse comes in with Zofran (for nausea) I told her I had no nausea! She comes back with a GL shot (used for numbing the stomach, when nauseous!) I was shocked. Then the doctor comes back with prescriptions for anti abdominal pain, musinex, a z-pak, and Motrin- but with no diagnosis. Unbelievable. On top of that, it turned out I was pregnant, and the question "could you be pregnant?" was never asked. Good thing I never took that medication.
1	We came here because they were listed as a covered provider in our network. This is the worst Urgent Care I have ever stepped foot in. The front desk lady, Lidya, was rude, impersonable and 100% unhelpful in figuring out what could be done in lieu of insurance for my student as they denied take the insurance.  We left and returned the next day. She was still rude and unhelpful. until we told her we would just pay out of pocket she treated us like a problem instead of a potential patient.  It was ungodly hot in the waiting room, with fans cranked on full blast.We were taken back immediately to see a nurse (Jessica), which I thought was a fast service! Turns out it was only to determine what care we wanted since we were not using insurance...she indicated normally they would just do XYZ but we had different care options because we were paying out of pocket...hello insurance fraud! We were then lead back out to the waiting room again. She was nice and willing to clarify all our questions.Normal waiting time later we went back to a room again and waited more.The Dr? came in, did not introduce himself or greet us, looked at the injury and verified what xray was needed then left...waiting waiting...xray......waiting. The nurse (Ramone) who gave us our paperwork and escorted us out was nice.the turn around was about 2.5-3 hours. Which isn't terrible but the experience was less than pleasant. I'll never go back when I have a MUCH better option half mile in the other direction.
1	WARNING!!!!!! RACISTS!!!! WORK HERE!!!!THE WORST MEDICAL FACILITY EVER!!!!!!The two times I have come here for service. The desk lady seemed as though she was more interested in watching the TV. I was asked to fill out paper work, then she just looked at me and handed the a board with a paper and said "Fill it Out!" instead of "How may I help You" this was ghetto service all the way. I noticed that she favored "Mexican" customers and spoke to them in Spanish and treated them with a smile, but when it came to white customers she was very hateful. I'm not racist, and don't believe in racism, but it does not belong in the workplace. I had to wait there and non white customers were there after I came in she had them seen first. I was going to complain, however I waited and waited till I was the only patient left. Then she said "Here" rudely held up my insurance card in the air for me to get, I'm sorry but this was the most Fucking rude place Ever! Unless you are Mexican, be advised you will be treated like Shit BEWARE!BTW: Employees at Urgent Card If you don't like a certain race keep it to your fucking self and out of the workplace I hate Fucking racists!!I Will NEVER go here EVER AGAIN!
1	Took forever to be seen even though I was the only one there. When they transitioned to FastMed, no patient info was transferred, had to fill out all the paperwork again. Scale said I was fat. That's it.
1	Sat and waited for an hour to be seen by a PA that then left to get my prescriptions and didn't come back for 20 minutes. Very poor service and did not get treated for the pain I was having. Would never go back to the Urgent Care again.
