4	If you told me that one of the best Italian places would be in Scotland, I would have laughed at you.  My cousin kept raving about it--he was right to rave.  Small, fragrant, homemade rolls.  Unbelievably fresh seafood. I had the seafood pasta.  My cousin and his bf had the seafood plate.  Enormous portions. The seafood medley consisted of two kinds of fish, prawns, octopus, squid, mussels, clams, scallops, langostines and something else I'm missing. Lovely, grilled right. Lemon sorbet was tart and refreshing.The waiter was flirty and the staff was welcoming. Love, love, love it.
4	Proper Italian food in Scotland.  I actually had high expectations and they did fairly amazingly well with the food to reach, but only missed due to exceptionally quick turnaround of clientele.  They were so focused on getting maximum turnaround on one of 2 seater tables I saw 3 full meals hurried through in the 1.5 hrs we were at our table.    the focaccia  and caprese were flavourful and the gnocchi filled the soul.Of the 4 dishes ordered at our table the lasagne was most photogenic. Pizza looked pretty scrumptious too!
5	Seriously good Italian food. All fresh made to order. The staff were also very friendly and very nice to my wee one.The garlic bread was really scrumptious. The salads had plenty of vegetables and  as is very traditional in Mediterranean countries you have olive oil and vinegar on the table so you can dress your own salad. Love it! For my main had a pizza with delicious fire roasted artichokes and mushrooms. The sauce was homemade and I could tell, it was very tasty. The cheese just melted in your mouth. Very good quality indeed. We had a fantastic time and definitely will be coming back. Not too expensive either!
4	Had a celebratory dinner here with friends and it's a pretty decent place for a group of 10.The location is accessible, since its in Haymarket.They have a varied range of food choices-rice, pizza, pasta, meat dishes etc... all of which are of sizable portions.The prices are a slightly higher than my usual budget but well worth it. Staff is friendly and responsive though the food does take its time to prepare.The pizza partenope I had was wonderful.
5	Does anyone know if La Partenope has gone out of business? It was shut for a while undergoing renovations and has now re-opened under a different name (Mia). Not sure if it has just had a revamp and re-name or if it is a different place entirely now. I hope not. La Partenope was one of the best Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, serving some of the best seafood anywhere.
1	Very poor, had such high expectations and the quality of food was shockingly bad, never going back, if you want a Italian go to Vittoria
