5	This is not your typical coffee shop. If you are not a Geek, you won't understand why I gave five stars for this review.At your first time, you won't be sure of your choice. The external door will lead you into a basement, but this is where the experience begins: on the left, you'll see custom arcades done with Xbox consoles. Yes, that means you can take your preferred drink, and play some Xbox games... with joysticks.On the right side, the tables, sofas, and chairs. On Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evening, you'll see a lot of people playing board games on these. They are also computers friendly, as you can go there, and work for a couple of hours with a free Wifi connection that work (non usual for coffee shop, but they understand the importance of this for us, the Geeks), and enough power outlets.They have a lot of choices for drinks: coffees, bubble teas, soft drinks, beers... They also have some snacks like hot dogs, nachos, peanut butter dumpling, desserts, and more. You'll also like the Geeky decorations: picture frames of Star Wars, Futurama, and much more.Let me finish this review by talking about the two owners: you can always see one of them in the place. They are so friendly, and they really care about their customers. They are also big fans of helping the promotion of the Geek culture.So at the end, a very nice venue to hang out with friends, work on your computer, play board games, challenge your friend with Xbox games, or just sit down, and relax in a Geeky environment. The numbers of regulars will attest the experience you can get at Fonzoo.
5	Open late on a Sunday - awesome :)
5	Shout out to Monica and Crew off Drummond and St Catherine! Thank you very much to the owner for the concept of opening such an amazing venue!I am not even remotely video game inclined, but I know de facto that Foonzo is an absolute gamers paradise; be it online or on couch.ANY AND ALL GAMES ARE FREE TO PLAY, you are just asked to purchase something from the bar and/or menu. THAT IS IT. Play on playa. They also have board games and FREE WIFI for the laptop gamers and surfers alike.There are pretty comfortable couches that can easily fit 3 to 4 people on either side of each flat screen tv, therefore can handle a party of 6 to 8 noobs with ease. Some are equipped with xbox 360, others with PS3, and some with an online console that allows you to choose an array of games.Marvel Vs. Capcom is of course one of the classics. My go-to lineup is Akuma, Wolverine and Ryu. Talk shit all you want, I'll just spit game and humble that ass via Triangle, Circle, Square and X button. Fcukin' noob. Stop playing with your joystick and take a shower.If you are ever in the 514, Foonzo is a place to experience, at the very least to see the joy on peoples faces when business owners open up shop not necessarily JUST to make money, but to provide a quality of life to its citizens.*Beantowns Finest*
5	Remember those nights spent in a dingy basement, playing video games and board games with friends, while passing the beers around?If you do, you'll love Foozo.If you don't, or haven't had any of those nights, well, if you like games and booze, and have a couple of buddies, you'll love Foozo!Drinks are moderately priced. 6$ is what I've come to expect for a bottle of beer and the mixes are pretty tasty.The consoles range from modern to retro classics and there are a bunch of board games to choose from. The selection of games isn't the best, but you're sure to find something to party with.If you're remotely interested in hanging in a gamer space, Foozo is definitely the place to chill.
5	What an awesome surprise Foonzo was.Located in what seems like a dingy basement, this place is the perfect representation of a gamers fun zone (not that I'm a hardcore gamer but I do dabble in the occasional video and board games). The area is small, but is packed with X-boxes, Nintendos, pinball machines, as well as a bunch of other old school video game consoles. There's also a large bookshelf full of awesome old and new board games to play.The best part? It's FREE. You just have to order a drink or something off the menu (which is super cheap by the way), pick the booth with your preferred console, and game away.4 Long Island Teas (or was it 5?), a full round of monopoly, and some Super Mario games later and we realized we had just spent 4 hours there without even feeling the time pass!Will definitely be back. Love love loved it. Now if only they can add Guitar Hero to their collection.......
4	Awesome underground nerd bar. You can RSVP tables which I suggest if coming as a bigger group. Service is slow and their prices are pretty much average for beer and food, liquor is overpriced for the most part though but they're downtown so they can get away with it. They have pretty much every kind of gaming console and you can also bring your own. Don't forget the collection of board games including 4 different types of Catan as well as 3 different Fluxx decks. Their BLT and roast beef sandwiches are a great snack.Food:  8/10 - limited selectionService:  5/10 - coffee shop style service, your best bet is going to the bar rather than waiting for staff to pass byPrice:  7/10 - mehAtmosphere:  10/10 - love it
5	Best bar experience I've ever had.Cheap prices, nice environment, incredibly nice waiter/waitress. A++ knowledge in board games and video games9$ for a plate of nachos?! AWESOME.You can bring your own game/consoles/controllers. All you need to do is advise the head waiter when you switch a game in the console because there was theft before and they're iffy about it. Nostalgia run as well. I saw a SNES, a SEGA and a few old arcade booths as well as 2 N64s. They have popular games that you can borrow for absolutely free and they have nice couches too. Moderately priced drinks (16$ a pitcher). Not much selection but for the value, it's quite understandable.It's now my go-to bar ;). I used to be a hardcore PC gamer and I'm kind of a newbie with consoles and I still love that bar. I believe they also have League of Legends Sundays (shame that I dislike the game).P.S. Try the Baileys with chocolate milk glass. Worth it. (Oh and Nacho Supreme!)
4	Had to put down the rating a bit after the new awful prices. I know it's a video game bar so the prices for the videogames are included in the drinks and such but 20$ for a pitchers of cheap piss-tasting beer? They added a new fancy semi-hard to read turquoise menu and boosted all the prices by 3-4$ (depending on the item). No more 5$ sandwiches either :(!Disappointed in the new prices. Staff is still amazing though.
1	Let's start with the Good:The woman who served us was very friendly and attentive.The couches look comfy.The Bad:First off, the smell; as my companion described it, it smelled like a layer of brine overtop sewer and vinegar, none of which over powered the sickening smell of old deep fryer oil.I'd been ready to slam the menu for a lack of vegetarian options (as reported to me prior) but I think they added an eggplant sandwich. I say think because the menu was only in French (and I don't like eggplant).The Ugly:Two words - Turtle tank...or as my companion described it, the turtle torture tank.Too many turtles for such a small tank, electrical wires dangling in the water like some MacGuyver built death trap (I saw at least two of the poor animals get stuck and frantically thrash against these wires), and one tiny rock that wasn't big enough for more than one of them at a time. Turtles aren't fish, they need to breathe air and they need to rest - I saw several of them struggle to get adequate purchase on a tiny rock for long enough to gasp a breath.I've already reported them to to SPCA, and I plan to go back soon and check their condition.
3	Solid joint, distinctly console-centric, lots of experienced fighting game players. Decent selection of board games, MAME machines galore (looked like). Cool if you want to play some old retro console games although tables can be challenging to find. Nice!
2	As my boyfriend and I entered the place, there was a slight musky smell. My boyfriend couldn't smell it, but it wasn't a great first impression. When we arrived, there were two waitresses - one with blond curly hair and seems French, another one with colored hair and spoke English natively. We walked around and weren't super impressed - some Xboxes, a Wii, some retro games but no NES. There were arcade pads for fighting games, but that wasn't our type of game. They also had a large selection of board games, but we realized the venue wasn't our style.We weren't interested in staying long because we realized we could do this at home, where booze was cheaper and the environment was a lot cleaner. Controllers were a bit greasy, and it just didn't seem very comfortable. We played a few games (Ninja Turtle, Killer Instinct) and ordered The Island's Tea (or something similar to it), and a Caesar. They cost $9 and were very disappointing. I've had very good Long Island teas before, but this was very mediocre; nothing special, just enough so they can say they used the right ingredients. The Caesar wasn't on the menu, but it's a simple drink that's hard to get wrong...perhaps they put in the wrong alcohol, but there was a very bad aftertaste.The service was mixed. The native English waitress was very friendly. She let us see the game collection (standing there to ensure no theft was taken place), but wasn't going to be our waitress for the night. We sat at the retro gaming end and got the French waitress. We had to wait a very long time to get service; I think she said 'just a minute' in French to us. When she served our drinks, she wasn't entirely friendly. She just said '$18' and didn't start a conversation or was interested in us. Perhaps we're fortunate enough to have kept a lot of our retro gaming collection, but this place has overpriced and mediocre drinks. Although the price includes playing games, the controllers seemed dirty and the whole place didn't seem very clean.I'd recommend checking it out, but would not recommend staying. It might be different with a small group, where no one has room in their apartment; but save yourself some money if you do have a good game collection. Amusement 2000, a classic arcade place, is two blocks down. So if you want to do some gaming, they have decent prices (although you use tokens) and a great arcade collection.
4	They have video games! They have trivia!  They have booze for your video games and trivia! The underground setting might unsettle a few but dont let that get in your way. You are bound to have fun, whether you are into video games or board games.The food is average but I dont expect gourmet when I am gaming with friends. They have a decent bar with beer and hard liqour. When it comes to consoles they have everything between the NES to PS3/Xbox 360 (No Wii i think and not sure about the current PS4/Xbox One consoles) and a great gaming library to go with said consoles. Atari fans, unfortunately you get nothing :(They also sport a multitude of arcade games, I haven't tried any of them so I have nothing more to add. Note that they dont do sports games (FIFA/NHL/NBA) but do have large selection of fighting games. Foonze adds nice variety to the downtown scene besides the usual bars and clubs.
5	So glad that I can update my review to now be 5 star. Foonzo went through a couple of changes as they were testing out to see what worked and what didn't, now that it works, oh damn does it work!!! They now have more beer choices, a fully stocked bar, and a full kitchen. Prices have leveled out and having a super competent and adorable waitress was also a great change! I uploaded the food / drink menus in the photos, I tend to judge restaurants on the "different" dishes, such as veggie burgers. I can confirm that their veggie burger is DELICIOUS. They have the perfect marinade, and dipping in their BBQ sauce made me glad I ordered the veggie over the pattie and bacon (this coming from a carnivore). Their beer buckets are perfect for keeping your table in order and their "drop shots" are an inexpensive little party round (try the Chupacabra - tequila & Monster). They also have a nerdy-named martini menu which is a nice touch. So excited to come here regularly and master my gaming skills.
4	Really surprising, really fun. I was never a kid who had video games, ever, and I've never particularly enjoyed board games so this bar wasn't really on my radar, but I was curious, and when the joyful and wise Sarah M invited us I was pretty excited to try it. So yes, there's just a sidedoor south of St Catherine that leads to a basement, and then there's black stairs down to a dark room with red couches and it's a tad worrisome at first. The chairs and tables remind me of a bar/cafe place I used to hang out at when I was around high school age (but legal, obvi) and I thought maaaan, I would hang out here all the time if I was a kid these days, and as a kid at heart I'll be back for sure. The fries were skinny and salty, the staff was totally nice and bilingual without even a hint of the snark I sometimes associate (to my error, clearly) with high level nerdom. There were 2 interesting beers on tap and lots of funny fruity cocktails with geek-referential names. The games are free so we could play some racing game (and by "racing" I do mean spinning endlessly in circles and driving into walls) and Mortal Kombat (which a friend had when I was a kid and brings out a not-entirely-attractive murderous glee in me) and then hang out with a bigger group and play Cards Against Humantity.  The company was top notch and I was super glad they led me to discover this odd basement oasis amidst the chain boutiques of St Catherine.
3	Really good place to hang out with a few friends, has a wide variety of games for entertainment & if youre hungry its right down the street from Joes paninis! All in all enjoyable but after a little while you need to move on to a new activity.
