5	Last week I was visiting Montreal for the first time ever, and I happened across this place by accident. I was caught in the rain without an umbrella and just wanted to find a place where I could warm up and wait it out.Walking in, it seemed like a typical sports bar, with huge TVs on the wall. But it wasn't too loud, noisy, or flashy--which was nice. Definitely more of an intimate, familiar feeling.The service was beyond impressive. The barstaff was friendly and quick, and they even laid out plates of nuts, cheeses, and meats for everyone to snack on.Everyone there, the staff and the customers, was just so, so nice. I don't even like most sports, but if I ever visit Montreal again, I will definitely be going back to Bruno!
4	Great little unprepossessing bar in the hood with sweet power lattes too! Sandwiches, a small nice selection of inexpensive whiskeys and an un-manic place to watch sports games. Matches and the like (I have no idea, but I like the sports fan energy.)
5	Perfect Italian sports cafe.  Great coffee.  Cool cafe.  And old Italian guys playing cards.  I could live here.
5	Nice cozy spot where they make your food right in front of you not in some back room try it you will like it here
5	This bar deserves an update, and I'm going for the full five stars even though the chairs are kind of uncomfortable and it's a crowded dive with lottery machines in the back. Because this is my favourite kind of sports bar in the whole world. Incredibly friendly staff who can make excellent sliced meat sandwiches but don't mind if you bring poutine and hot dogs over from the Nouveau System diner next door. They'll bring you cheap beers and shots fast and constant and with no pressure and a smile, and sometimes during Habs games they'll pass around a box with all the players' cards and you pick one and if your guy scores you get a free drink. There are TVs pretty much everywhere you look, even outside which is funny because it's a tiny bar on a street with few other bars. It's very small. It's not a scene. Don't come here with a group, just a friend or two and only if they are neighbour-loving and kind and cool, and if it's playoffs make a reservation and enjoy the fact that this tiny divey sports bar takes reservations during hockey games. Enjoy the crowd, enjoy the memorabilia, above all enjoy the old Canadiens fans who come with things like fairly large metal Jesus's to cheer on the most beloved and storied team in hockey.
5	not a fan of sports bars and will probably never be but this one is pretty awesome! mainly because of the outdoor tvs. yes, tvs for the terrace! most of the time, with sound.i've actually never set foot inside nor sat in the terrace but i did spend a couple of days last summer watching the world cup. yes, being a freeloader. how can you not when its free? anyway, i wasn't the only one doing so. even the neighbors on the other side of the street joined in the fun ;papparently, you can bring food from the joint next door which makes sense since you can watch free tv.no idea what it'll be like during winter but summer is pretty awesome
