5	Small little cute beautiful park.  Everybody who have ever checked "Montreal", you guys already know this park without knowing it.  Check the photos I just put up. During winter, it's little hard to see how beautiful this park is but Spring to Fall, you have to come here and enjoy the view, houses around park, and little veggie vendor.  The veggie vendor owner closes for winter but during the 3 other seasons, you can buy fresh Quebecois veggies and fruits.  All very cheap and fresh.  I saw many tourists took photos in front of the little stand..
5	I've been to Montreal twice now, and have made it a necessity to visit St Louis Square. Victorian inspired homes line the park. I've taken over 100+ pictures of all of the homes near and around the park. I'm sure the locals are annoyed by tourists like me, but the homes are so visually appealing that I can't help posing in front of them. My favorite is the red/blue/purple trio of homes right across the little street from the park. I also adore the homes that look like medieval castles.The park itself has dozens of benches, gorgeous trees, and my favorite - a plague of squirrels. I could spend my entire trip sitting on the benches and feeding the squirrels. I'm not sure what the rules are in Montreal in regards to squirrel feeding (I couldn't find any legitimate information), but nonetheless I have a blast feeding them.It is located right by the subway station Sherbrooke and is close to Mont Royal (a wicked shopping spot). I love this park and will continue to visit it every time I am in Montreal.
5	Square St Louis.. I have had a place on Carre St Louis for about 9 years now and I can tell you lots of stories about what goes on in that parc, but the bottom line is that it is unique.  This is one of those really cool places where you can see all and I do mean ALL walks of life and styles meeting in one common area.  On any given warm summer day you will see mom's with their babies or toddlers, couples on a date, office people on lunch break, a roving group of squeegees, dog owners and their pets (one of which is Clooney the Vietnamese pot Belly pig), assorted musicians, and lions tigers and bears oh my!!  The part with the Tiger is only partially a joke as I personally once played with a 180lbs 11 month old tiger in said fountain, a mere 20+ years ago...The park is always very well landscaped and has been ever since Mayor botanical gardens, was around making it a very lovely place indeed.  The surrounding buildings offer any photographer/ architect student lots of material to view and discuss and one can often see groups of students getting a tour of the various buildings.You can find the row of multi coloured Victorians on the north side on many a Montreal post card, on the south side you can see the Vogel building (294), this building was once the first private hospital started by Mr Vogel, and for many years was the home of Michel Tremblay (5th floor), a renown writer who was very certainly influenced by this Square, among other Montreal locations.Also nice is the use of the building located on the ouest side (near Laval), where they make crepes,  homemade ice cream, fresh squeezed orange juice and where you will find an outdoor fruit and vegetable stand.  The little sitting area just off the cantine, is where you can sit and listen to various and varied musicians, who may or may not add a dancer to their outdoor show.If you in the area and want to have a fun day just sit and people watch, you will not be bored, to make this even better go ahead and google the Square, and surrounding buildings, you will find some interesting facts about it's rich history.
5	St. Louis Square is one of those special places that makes Montreal a great city.Surrounded on three sides by beautiful homes and on the fourth by Rue St. Denis, this square is a beautiful urban oasis cloaked in bustle and green in the summer, yet perhaps more striking in the winter when the branches of its year-round residents hold snow and stillness equally.
4	Carre St Louis or Square St Louis is my favourite park in Montreal.  In any of the three seasons (minus winter as I never come here in the cold) it's absolutely idyllic!  It's Montreal's version of Bryant Square park but much nicer!  There is a very cool fountain in the middle and majestic old trees that provide shade and allow for cover from the sun! The houses that line the park speak to the old world architechtue that is quite prevalent and well kept in Montreal.  I imagine in my mind many poets and artists living here but rather it's probably urban professionals.    Unfortunately there are many sketchy characters (some homeless) and young individuals partaking in a toke of weed/pot or drink in the park which is rather unfortunate.  It would be nicer (and safer feeling) without the seedy people.  The pot people don't bother me it's the other individuals.  However if you don't make eye contact they pretty much stay to themselves!  This would make it a 5/5 for me if it was cleaned up but for some this is probably their home!  I'd let my daughter roam freely if different however I keep her close by.  Come stroll on a wonderful blue sky day or come as the leaves change  Open your imagination and relax as you stroll through!
5	What a great little park in Montreal. It reminds me of NYC, Washington Square park. Surrounded by beautiful brownstones and it's very quiet. Just a block over you're right by several restaurants. I haven't seen any homeless people while walking though but I wouldn't be surprised if some were here in the evening. Montreal is a beautiful city but lots of homeless people.
