5	Another Great Find! Very Friendly and helpful staff, Fabulous Recommendations.This shop has it all, walk in humidor, checkers, chess, dominoes and billiards, the entire shop is a dedicated smoking lounge with pub tables and chairs , leather couches and arm chairs and of course a game playing on the wide-screen.  (see pics)They also host Special Cigar events, check the website for more details. While your there check out their thief section of the website where they have posted pictures and a full story of a Thief caught shoplifting in their store.*Notes:They are closed on MondaysThere is NO Non-Smoking sectionNo One Under 18 allowed to enter
5	Outstanding selection, friendly and helpful staff and a great atmosphere. I especially enjoy the piano jazz 5-7 on Thursdays.
5	I saw Big Sticks listed here on Yelp and noticed it while visiting the Bass Pro Shop and again going to Toby Keith's. I am not a cigar smoker and know nothing about what to look for, but I wanted to go and pick up a couple as an introduction.When I went to Toby Keith's on Saturday, the store closed at 8, and I missed it at 8:30. They may have changed their hours - the prior review indicated closed on Monday, but they were open today at 3:30. The store was cool - a pool table up front, some nice leather chairs and new 50" plasma TV delivered as I was shopping. I entered the store room not really knowing that I was looking for - I think the guy working was the owner. He came in and asked what I was looking for and when I said I didn't know, he offered some tips. He showed me various selections, gave me some ideas for beginners and told me to ask any questions. One the way out I picked up Cigar Aficionado magazine, which just came out today. He picked up last month's copy and gave it to me for free since it was my first time. To someone new, the selection was overwhelming. The storeroom was filled with all prices and qualities. A lot to look at! I ended up taking the two the owner suggested as well as one of the Robb Report winners. I would definitely love to go and just hang out some evening. Smoke a cigar in one of the oversized, comfy leather chairs. Wanna join me?
2	While the square footage of their humidor may not match up to some other stores in town, they stock theirs up about 9ft so they have plenty to offer.  I think their selection is better than all of the ones in the SE valley.  They don't stock every single cigar offered by 4 brands like many do, but they give a potpourri from many brands.  The humidor itself is quite dark, and seeing what is on the lower shelves and ground is a little tough.  It is also very tight in there, with no room for someone to walk by you.  If someone is in with you be prepared to back up or move forward to let people slide by.  That isn't a big issue, I'd rather space be taken up by cigars than wide aisles anyway.  There is a lot of area to enjoy a cigar if that is your thing.  I saw a man on a bar table with his computer and some high school / freshman looking punks smoking a cigarette on the couch.  (Quick question:  Who goes to a cigar shop to smoke a cigarette?)    They sell several expensive humidors, lighters, and cutters if that is your thing.  One very cool item they have near the register is a custom made cutter for the in-house smokers.  The negatives with this place are that they were a little expensive from some other places I've checked prices at.  Also, if you are in the market for a used cigar box, steer clear.  They charge $5ea!  No wonder they have 100-200 stacked up.  Apparently making a few hundred from what was in the box isn't enough.  Most charge $2ea, some less.  It isn't something for me to boycott the place over but I'll stick to the more customer friendly shops and head over here if they don't have what I'm looking for.
4	A well-stocked walk-in humidor, free pool table, checkers and chess, plenty of seating from high topped tables to overstuffed leather sofas and TV.Look up outside the humidor and you will see two long rows of pipe tobacco blends in large glass jars.Plenty of accessories for yourself or as a gift, from moderate to expensive.
4	Just went here looking to find some things that my regular places don't stock and stumbled into a fantastic surprise.  It is under new ownership and went from one of the more expensive places to one of the cheaper.  Stock has improved as well.  I noticed the giant stack of empty boxes that were for sale for $5 before is gone.  Maybe they charge less or just give them away.  Definitely going to visit here more than once a year with the new improvements.
4	Great selection & helpful staff.Fast internet and comfy seats.
5	This is the place to enjoy a cigar and people watch. Great selection and now serving beer and wine. Make time to burn.
5	Hands down, best cigar shop in town. The relaxed atmosphere of kick back coffee shop if you'd like to sit with your laptop, and social and friendly like a neighborhood pub. I came in looking for a Peterson tobacco pipe, and I was fortunate enough to meet the owners. Both were extremely knowledgable, and made me feel like we'd been friends for years. I ended up getting a good bargain, plus they have a VIP card program for frequent buyers! Apparently they sometimes have events with live bands and BBQs. Oh.. And cherry in top for me? They sell wine and craft beer in bottles, and will soon have a bar with beer on tap. My review sounds like an advertisement now that I read it, ha! But seriously, I didn't expect to be so impressed. Will be back!
4	Fantastic place! Great staff, nice store, excellent selection. Staff is really knowledgable and helpful.
5	Great selection, great staff and great prices!  The place looks great too with the new cigar bar being built!!
5	Loved this place so much, we came twice in a short trip :) Located near the Bass Pro Shop, you don't think a shopping plaza place will be much but it is great.  Big comfy chairs, craft beers and a huge humidor.  Prices are good, beer selection is great and the guys that helped us in the shop were nothing but friendly and knowledgeable!
5	We were in town for only 5 days, and i'm glad we came here on our 2nd day because it was so awesome that we came back again a couple days later.Staff were extremely helpful and personable. The humidor was where it was though. Awesome selection (they even had Fuente's, which are one of my favorites) and the prices seemed cheap compared to places I go in Denver.Great vibe in here and cool furnishings. I could see spending hours in here if I was local and had the time!
5	great ownership!
5	this place has been, and will continue to be a nearly weekly ritual for me.extremely friendly and knowledgable staff and management.
5	It's a very nice, little place with a helpful staff. It's often busy with happy patrons that are smoking, chatting, eating and buying. The ambiance is what you'd expect as well as the prices.
2	One of the few places I've been able to find pipe tobacco. Wish the employees were friendlier. I've been to this location twice and while the second visit was better than the first, I still felt uncomfortable. Employee wasn't overly helpful and made me feel stupid for asking questions or like I was bothering him. I'll be back I'm sure, but I don't look forward to coming in here.
5	One of the best shops in the valley. Very well stocked large humidor, always bringing in the latest and greatest cigars.Beer!! The only cigar shop in Mesa that serves beer (and wine) in bottles and recently on draft.Pablo (Paul), the man, the myth, the tobacconist legend. Formerly of Tinder Box Mesa (NOT to be confused with the little Jeffery Cayton Tinder Box), I met Pablo in 2003 when I moved to AZ, and I can say you'd be hard pressed to find a more knowledgeable cigar and pipe connoisseur anywhere in town. Big thumbs up for Big Sticks!
5	Great selection and knowledgable team. I have been in about a half a dozen times in the past month or so and these guys run a quality shop! My new GO TO!
5	In Phoenix on business, in the mood for a cigar and a beer.What a find! Nice selection, great staff and comfortable place to unwind! I will plan to visit again on next trip
