5	I am absolutely in love with Vanity Square. I went about a week ago to have my eyelashes done and I also got some hair extensions so that I could be ready for the holidays and my fiance's family reunion. Lisa's work is absolutely impeccable. Not one lash has fallen off, and my extensions have not become a tangled mess as I have experienced in the past. I would highly recommend any woman who needs to feel glamorous and get her money's worth to go see Lisa at Vanity Square. You won't be disappointed!
5	I love my lashes! She asked me what I wanted and gave her input.  They came out and look sooooooooooo good!!! She truly does an absolute wonderful job without rushing through the process. She wants them to be perfect and they are! I would highly recommend her!
5	I discovered Lisa in December and will be a client for life!!! I went to her with some not-so-great hair extensions, and she not only fixed my hair, but made it sooooo much better. She gave me info on where to get the best hair for the best price, and worked with me to get me in her chair ASAP. Her prices are so reasonable, and I know that when I walk out of her adorable salon, I will look amazing. Everyone has been asking me where I've gotten my extensions because they look so real (I have very thin hair). I've had hair extensions for years, and this is hands-down the best they've ever looked. I'm so excited to try eyelash extensions with her, AND get a makeup lesson. She's so sweet and is so easy to talk to that you don't realize you've been sitting for awhile, and she's STILL faster than most.  Ladies, do your head a favor and go see Lisa!
5	I love my lashes done by her. she is really nice, professional and friendly but, also professional..!!.... I discovered this salon from the groupon and she did really an awesome job with great price discount!..... I just bought a voucher again and will visit again for my lashes!! .. thanks! Lisa!!
5	Lisa is amazing at what she does. I not only walk out of her studio feeling beautiful on the outside, but walk away feeling beautiful on the inside as well.  She's such a beautiful person inside and out.  Aside from her talents, care and professionalism, she is one of the most warm, honest, sincere, kindhearted, compassionate people I know.  Highly recommend her services.  Since moving to Vegas I've tried a few lash lounges and none of them compare to the quality and service I've received at Vanity Square.  Found her here on Yelp based on the reviews.  I am the typical asian (filipina) with short sparse lashes.   I love the silk lashes on me, but Lisa had me try the siberian mink lashes for the first time and absolutely am in love!   Totally worth it :)
5	Lisa is the B E S T just got them done and I'm forever her client!!! She soo gentle and caring!!! And very professional !!! She constantly having great deals !!! Got my hooked and I'll attach a picture because that's how much I love them thank you Lisa see you soon!!!!
5	I just moved here to Vegas and decided to get micro beads extensions. I decided on a last min I text her at 10:00 pm and I was so surprised she respond back right away. She called me the next day and got me in right away. She walk me through the process step by step and explained everything to me . Answered all my questions. I never felt so comfortable with a stylist. Her next client was coming in. And she didn't rush she took her time and style my hair the exact way I wanted it too. Most stylist I've been with always rush and in the end in not happy with my hair. But Lisa really made me feel like a brand new women and my extension are about three weeks old and still look amazing. I highly recommend Lisa. Not only did I find the best hair stylist I found a new friend. And her prices are amazing too. Please contact her ASAP cause she is the best! Thanks Lisa for making enhancing my beauty!
3	She had a coupon special going on. I wished she would have filled them out more to be a little thicker.
5	I love Lisa.Lisa is a stylist who can do everything and does it well. She really loves what she does and it shows.I always say you have to look at how someone does the service for themselves before you take theirs. Your personal trainer: you want them to be fit, right? Otherwise, what are they teaching you? Same with your beauty stylist. You can tell Lisa takes immaculate care of herself and I feel super comfortable having her do my hair/lashes/makeup, etc... Because all I need to do is look at her!She has vast knowledge on anything from my crazy Greek hair to my friend's hawaiian hair, to African American hair. I mean, common. She can do your makeup for a fancy dinner, for tv shows, weddings, costumes... She does amazing lashes and the best extensions Ive seen. I LOOOOOOVE how she cuts my hair. flawlessly what I ask for.I dont want to make this too long, but the last thing I want to say is that I agree with Darly P. and Fann A. in that you leave feeling beautiful and relaxed. And you know what that is? That isnt your angels fanning you, it's the awesome person that Lisa is. She is so sweet, and has become one of my close friends simply through what she does. She is so sweet. Love her.
5	Lisa is amazing! Very professional and great at what she does. I left feeling beautiful
5	I don't know where to start! Lisa is amazing, I came to her to get her services... She did an amazing job on my lashes and my hair. She has such a positive attitude and definitely know how to make a women feel beautiful inside and out! You absolutely must come see her for all your services, I promise you won't be disappointed!!!!!!
5	Lisa is amazing !!! She really listens to her clients to find out what will work , I initially wasn't sure which type of extensions I wanted but after going over different method s and her explaining in detail how each kind works I ended up doing the weft micro beads with extra support by having them sewn I am so happy with the end result her shop is super cute and chic !! She was extremely professional and I will be coming to her from now on ! Also I called her the day before when I was at the hair shop and she was more then willing to guide me into purchasing the correct hair for our appointment ! Thank you Lisa !!!!
