2	Aw man! I had such high hopes for this show :( Yeah, not impressed, which sucks because he seems like such a nice fellow.  He did his famous impersonations of George W, Clinton, Charles Barkley...etc.  But it didn't seem like the show was that put together just yet, considering it opened about 3 weeks ago.  There's a band who performs through out the show, yeah, not feelin' them either.  Scale of 1-10, 10 being the best...I would give it a 6 :(Located inside the Monte Carlo in the Lance Burton theater.
4	The guy is hilarious... George W, Clinton, and Barkley are only the start of a very good routine that should do pretty well here in Vegas...Located inside the Monte Carlo at the Lance Burton thearte Caliendo puts a great show with several comedic transitions that make his performance great.
3	He's a really funny guy. I definitely give him that. However the material didn't seem fully prepared. Whenever he does Madden on fox NFL Sunday, he is simply hilarious because it's all prepared and recorded beforehand. He needs to work on the preparation some more and this show has the potential to become one of the best in Vegas!
2	Um.. what the F? Basically, that was me like 89% of the time during this show. Sure, it was funny at times, but after a while, it was just random gibberish and impressions.The only things that were funny to me were the George W Bush, Bill Clinton and Yoda impressions. Everything else just made me go "HUH WTF?" Ask my BF, he felt the same way. In fact, the guy next to me was yawning half the time. Blah.We spent $90 per ticket, my BF and I. Our verdict- Not worth it.
3	To quote one of Frank's famous impersonations, "TRBL" + Old Impressions (no new impersonations)= Frank CaliendoI had high hopes for Frank, since I find him really funny.  I did laugh, but the first half of his show is OLD material. Go to Youtube and save yourself the money.  The problem is that all the impressions Frank does are SUPER OLD.John Madden = Super OldGeorge W. Bush = Super OldBill Clinton = Super OldDr. Phil = OldCharles Barkley = OldI mean, Frank you are really funny and you obviously have a knack of impersonating people, so get your voice for Obama, Kobe, Tiger, Biden .... I wouldn't recommend people buying this if they are familiar with Frank Caliendo until you see something that says "ALL NEW MATERIAL."I do recommend Gordie Brown, he is pretty good at the Golden Nugget ( see my review).
1	I have to be completely honest... this is the worst Vegas show I have ever seen.  Not only did he use old, outdated material but when he laid on the floor while holding up his hand doing a "Kermit the Frog" impression that was my cue to exit stage left.  My poor BF was such a huge fan and was really excited but he too could not even mutter a sympathy laugh for this guy.  Spent a total of $140 for two tickets and left a hot blackjack table to see this guy ... boo!BTW... this guy just became a headliner in Vegas even though he was on Mad TV ... we'll see how long that lasts!
1	HORRIBLE. Is not funny. Can not carry a show. Theater was 60% empty. Redundant. Dont make the mistake i made, and presume he will be good and purchase tickets. Do your own research.  We walked out 45 mins in. The cover band that warmed up the crowd was far more entertaining. Either MGM-Mirage files for Chapter 13 and rips up this contract. or they buy him out. But mark my words, he wont last.  Save your money.  Dont burn your time in Vegas.
1	I am a huge fan of frank. I saw him on letterman and I laughed my butt off. So I went to you tube and watched everything there. Ooops. Big mistake because when I finally saw his show in vegas, I ended up seeing a lot of the same material. To make matters worse, the ads for his gig at the monte carlo show him dressed up in all of his characters that he does so well, so naturally you assume you will see this. Wrong again. This is not a show, but a stand up routine. He doesn't change cloths to look like the personalities, although the last 10 minutes of the show he uses some props. Needless to say after paying $160 for 2 tickets, we expected much more. The guy is a phenomenal talent - is this the most they could come up with, him standing there telling jokes? Maybe if it were advertised as stand up comedy and charged $35 we would have been happy campers. By the way, the guy at tix4tonight told us the regular price for the seats we wanted were $95 plus a $10 fee plus tax. We thought we were getting a good deal at $80 a ticket. Wheb we got to the show, we asked them how much our tickets would have cost - it was $95 out the door. Still saved some dough but he lied to us. The culmination of the show was when frank got on the floor and sang the rainbow connection with nothing but his hand as kermit the frog. It was actually very funny but it personafied the lack of any sort of budget for the show, I mean buy a freakin puppet!
3	It's a little hit and miss with him. But here's what I can add.First of all, some of his jokes are off the cuff - that is he'll go into a direction that the audience is most privy too. Most comedians do this. Second of all he really does enjoy doing his impressions, even the old ones3rd - After reading these reviews and your scared to pay 90 or whatever go to one of those tix4tonights.. get it cheaper. The seating the in Lance Burton Theatre is great. I've been close and far and both times enjoyed it. Also, the band is good and although i'm not a fan of all the things they  did "more cowbell!" It was niceGordie Brown does the same bit. but Frank is a little more sports material.
1	Wow. This was literally the worst show I have ever seen. Frank Caliendo is simply a talentless oaf and I cannot believe he got himself a gig out here. The theater was not even 1/2 full on a Saturday night and I'm assuming word of the caliber of this show has spread. The guy does impressions. The impressions are pretty good but hey, really every other person is able to impersonate people. Plus, his impressions are really old. George Bush, Dr Phil...he kept on repeating those 2. And then some Robin Williams. He tries Obama (to keep up with the times) but turns out, he's really bad at that. Basically, the jokes were not at all funny, Frank Caliendo himself seems so unenthusiastic about the show....at one point he lied down on the floor and continued his show. It was supposed to be a joke but to me, it seemed like all he wanted to do was sleep on the stage. This show is a travesty to anyone with a brain and a total waste of money. Each of my 3 girlfriends asked me for the time twice through the show. The show was a little more than an hour. That was the excruciating pain that we were in. If I were you, I'd put the money into a slot machine instead of watching this guy. Chances you'd win the jackpot = 0.01%. Chances you'd enjoy this show = 0%
3	I thought it was hilarious, but many people in the audience obviously did not.  Even Frank himself made that observation.  If you aren't up to speed on the news/events that relate to his impressions, you won't get it.....half of his Farve and Madden jokes went over my head because that's not my thing, but I thought his political stabs were hysterical.  I even enjoyed the Kermit the Frog bit.There wasn't a bad seat in the house.  The theatre was lovely and the staff was very nice.I saw the show via Fillaseat.com, so, I didn't really pay for my seat, so perhaps that's one reason I enjoyed it so much.  Had I paid as much as some of the reviewers, I might have been slightly disgruntled as well.
3	I have seen this show two times.  The first time I saw it, I found myself fighting sleep, a fight I lost for a few moments a couple of times.  I decided to go back last night and give Caliendo a second chance.  The show is OK.  I really enjoyed the band before Caliendo was introduced.  They played a Beatles, a KISS, a Neil Diamond, and Jesse's girl and it was quite a lot of fun especially watching and listening to different audience members and how they reacted to the songs.Caliendo came out and started with his impressions.  He certainly does Bush and Clinton well, but he has yet to do Obama well.  I think he drives his impression of Charles Barkley into the ground by overdoing it.  It's just trbl, trbl, trbl!The most enjoyable part of the show for me is his bit lying on the floor.  His hand gestures are funny, and this was the best part for me!I think the show is worth seeing especially if you get reduced price tickets at one of the ticket booths.
2	It's a bit depressing to note that we walked away from this show talking about the opening band. I've seen my share of cover bands (even played in an AC/DC tribute band for a while, but that's another story), and these guys were incredibly tight with great harmonies. Bonus points to them for having to not only watch Frank's act each night, but act as if they're watching someone really funny for the first time.Now on to Frank: I do not think anyone would debate his talent, as he is without a doubt a gifted impressionist (is that an appropriate word usage in this case, or did I just compare him to Degas?). I've even watched him do 5-7 minute segments on youtube where he has been quite funny showing, for example, how Al Pacino's voice modulation is akin to multiple personality disorder. In this show, it was as if he was channeling Robin Williams' stream of consciousness style of comedy, and it just did not work. He lost the audience early on, and then attempted to make light of the situation for the rest of the show. It's never a good sign when you can hear the air conditioning humming in a room of this size.As Sir Charles would say, "That's just trble."
1	He is so funny on TV but in person it wasn't very good at all.  Most of what he did was old material, and he had this strange inside joke going with the band.  It was as if he really didn't care whether the audience laughed or not.  I'm out $80....live and learn
4	After buying my ticket via the last minute spot, I hit up here to check out the reviews and was a bit worried as I was taking a friend to the show.In short, if you are a big sports nut, love madden, the TNT basketball crew, get running gags, current events, and self deprecating humor, you'll be rolling on the floor like me. If you don't watch excessive amounts of the above, are a die hard easily offended republican, and wouldn't be able to pick john madden out of a lineup at a skinny man convention, this isn't the show for you.Only weakness with the performance was he overdid his (average) sir charles impression.Still, by far my most enjoyed Las Vegas performance of my trip.
1	One night while we were in Vegas last week, we were looking for a show to watch, I wasn't too enthused about watching Frank Caliendo but, all the good shows/comedians were either sold out or blacked out for the night.  Damnit, I had every reason not to be excited, Frank was entertaining on MadTV back in the day but, geez, his act was so old and repetitive.I have no problem in spoiling the show during this review, in an effort to save you some money and 90-minutes of your Vegas life.  No matter how much he says that every show is different as the band sometimes throws him a new one and vice versa...don't believe it.  It's completely rehearsed as they both have the act down.Frank's comedy is so dated.  I think he can only do impressions of Clinton, GW Bush, Dr. Phil and Charles Barkley, because that's all his show consisted of.  And gosh darn it, he was totally beating the dead horse with the Charles Barkley routine..."Terbel, just terbel."  No Frank, you were "Terbel, freakin terbel!"What really ticked me off was the last 10-minutes of the show, he was laying on the floor with his hands up in the air, where we just watched him do a puppet routine but, there were no puppets, just his hands moving.Save your money and watch somebody or something else!
4	My dread started as soon as I bought the tickets.  Check Yelp before not after you buy tickets.  Damn.  I should have learned that after watching Chris Angell make my money magically disappear the previous summer.Still, bombs are still my best reviews, so it was a win win either way.  Except I thought he was funny, really funny in places.  As a disclaimer to the Yelp community, I am neither related to nor employed by Frank Caliendo or subsidiaries thereofThe guy does impressions.  If you want to see clowns, see Cirque, but his Morgan Freeman, Al Pacino, Charles Barkley, John Madden and Barack Obama were excellent.  His George Bush although old was a classic.  (The real joke is on us, because we reelected him).Let me reiterate:  This show is about impressions of Presidents and celebrities...If you want to see someone jump into a cup from the ceiling, head down to the Beligio
4	I'm going to go against the grain here and say that I absolutely loved Frank Caliendo. While some other Yelpers may say his jokes are outdated and stale, I thought they were easy to relate to, and felt familiar. The husband was really big on seeing this show - I went along because hey, he sat through Lion King with me (which we both loved). I was so surprised. I loved all of it, the political jokes, the Bush/Clinton impression, Charles Barkley ... but what killed my Husband (who laughed so hard I thought he was going to have an aneurysm) was the Morgan Freeman bit. Hilarious!That being said, I don't think this show is for the under 30-35 crowd. Just a bit young to remember/appreciate some of the older jokes.
3	Ok so all the negative reviews made me nervous. Frank was actually better than Blue Man and Criss Angel!  I agree that you need to be at least 30 years old to enjoy it and also enjoy stand up comedy. Wish the tickets were cheaper. It was a good show. The band was great!
1	WORST MONEY I HAVE EVER SPENT. Can I say that again to emphasize that this show was HORRIBLE!??Please people, save your money and see someone else. My boyfriend and I got dragged her with our friends who were visiting from out of town. We should have opted out, but felt obligated, so we dished out the $98/each for tickets, and went. AGAIN - worst show ever, and such a waste of money!!! I literally fell asleep while he was laying on the ground using his hands to talk. LAYING ON THE GROUND? Where are we? A hand puppet show? He kept referring to Charles Barkley and saying it was "TERRIBLE" and boy his show sure was.No amount of alcohol could make this guy funny. His impressions are old news, and not very good. He needs a new act, or someone needs to fire this guy. If we weren't with a bunch of people, we would have walked out and demanded our money back. Can I please stress again, and this was TERRIBLE, and you should NOT waste your money on him!!!
1	see. i told you so :-)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
