5	I don't care what anyone one says.  McDonald's is Great.  There is nothing better than their cheese burgers and fries. Not to mention an Egg Mc Muffen for breakfast.
1	Went for coffee at this McDonalds today.  Three of their rising stars were in the drive through line, eividently the microphone at the menu had the day off.  With three of their brightest doing the work of a sign and a microphone, the line was backed up and getting worse by minute.  The courtesy of the staff was beyond lacking and the dolts who lined up for McDONALDS was scary.  I went inside to get my coffee having given up on the "helpful trio in the drive through" only to be met by the team who weren't good enough to qualify for the parking lot gig.  I would recommend dumpster diving over going to this restaurant.  Unless you are in a coma or have nothing else better to do, I would avoid this place.  WOW.
3	While my daughter was enjoying the awesome play area, I was afforded the opportunity to reminisce about how treacherous this location's drive-thru can be.If your order is easy, naturally, all is well. But if you order a large or specialty order that requires you to pull into the "we need more time to fix your stuff" spaces,  look out.These spaces are located just past the second window at the end of the drive-thru, just as the lane turns left and narrows. So, if  you drive a big vehicle, you'll end up blocking the whole lane, causing a massive traffic jam. So, a word to the wise...if you are ordering a lot, bite the bullet and go inside. It'll most likely end up saving you time and unnecessary frustration.
4	Great service.
1	The husband asked for McD's tonight so I humored him and agreed to go. I figured DT wouldn't be a problem since they are normally pretty fast. The car infront of me at the speaker was placed on hold for every bit of 5 minutes. They ordered a single cone. Now it's my turn, I place my order with the unfriendly crew voice that clearly came across the speaker. Of course after I placed my order and pulled forward I realize I didn't order everything. I figured that I'll just pull around and go in and order the forgotten items. The young man at the cashering window apologized to the car in front of me for the wait. I pull up, he takes my money, returns with the change (without a receipt) and tells me to pull forward. No apology for the wait when I waited forever as well. My double digit order was obviously less important than the $1.08 cone in front of me. Now I feel slighted, upset and undervalued. I pull up to the window, the young gal verifies two items of my order and begins the hand out process. I check the bag for the receipt, it's  not there. I ask the gal for a receipt, she asks "he didn't give you one?" If he did why would I ask for another? Hello? Really now!?!  I pull around, park and head inside to see a single line with 7 people and a lone cashier that was not happy. I begin to wait (I'm not so patient at this point) and wait. Two people in front of me walked out due to the wait. There were no smiles, no personality from the counter cashier or the manager who finally decided to open the second register and take an order or two. Each guest was asked for their name that was then written on the receipt in an attempt to personalize the service. A friendly smile would have gone so much further. Finally it's my turn, by now there are two people behind me. I place my simple order of 6 doubles plain, and begin to wait again. the time stamp on the recipt was 7:05. Every guest that was ahead of me was called for pick up. I'm thinking my wait would finally be over. Oh heck no! It wasn't that kind of visit. The two guests behind me received their orders before me!! I continue to wait, really upset by now. I was finally called, the time is now 7:15pm. 10 minutes! This on top of the 10 minutes in the DT trail. Once again no apology for the wait. The store was obviously understaffed, the interior had numerous dirty tables and many trays stacked on the garbage receptacles. The staff was completely underwhelming and in my opinion rude for not offering an apology for the extended waits at both the DT and the counter. I will not be returning to this location as it is not fast and they certainly didn't value my patronage. I certainly don't need the aggravation and honestly I work too hard to spend my money where I'm not appreciated!
1	I ordered a meal and asked to get a napkin to wipe soda off of the side... apparently Nallelly didn't like that. When I asked for honey and bbq. She gave me bbq and I asked again for honey. She rolled her eyes grabbed honey. Whispered to her coworker and they both laughed. She then hands me a sliced open honey.  Refused to give me her name but I read her badge.  I called manager and he blamed it on box cutting knife.  " I'll ask her about it but I'm sure she didn't do it. " I told him I saw her. He said "I'm sorry but all I can do is ask her what happened it was just the box cutting knife." No offer to call me after he  talked to her and follow through with me. Nothing. Bad service. Bad management.  NEVER AGAIN.
2	Becareful of this drive through location, they could care less if the order is accurate.  My order this morning was short by two, yes two b-burritos.  Sadly this is normal and why I cointinue to visist this location and use it's drive through is beyound me.  I have written to the coproate office, as the reviews for this store are horrible.  Maybe it's time to shut this place down and put in a burger king???
1	awful.  food is never right.  girl at drive thru (black)is veryrude and nasty, so is gina.  will not come back to this mcdonalds.wifi is never running, people are spending money and th ownershere do not care about making wifi work.  no one speaks englishand the food is not cooked all the way, and the drinks never right.
