1	this business used my home in their ad without my permission so I feel compelled to review their service. My experience was very unsatisfactory. The cost to install 5 window screens on my patio was fair but pricey. Craig Robinson was late for every appt. The install was 6 weeks later then promised. 2 months after install we had a windstorm and the shades fell out of the wall. Craig came out to repair. A few months later another windstorm occurred and I called as they started to rip. Craig came out and said it was worse than anticipated and he would have to charge me to repair. After that he never returned my phone calls or texts. No other company would repair his work as most of them had heard the same problems. I finally found a handyman to try to fix the problem. Craig Robinson used sheet metal screws for the install in my old adobe home and they had destroyed the bricks with every movement of the shades. The repairs were costly and my adobe cannot be repaired at all. I supposedly had a 5 year warranty on this project but it turned out to be useless as they will not return my calls or respond to texts. I have had 40 years of experience with remodeling and this was one of the most frustrating. I do not recommend this company.
5	I am very happy with the job Dan Krohn did for us! Hi was very creative, very responsible, has a very good taste! He did a great job for us , he has a very good personality. I would like to recommend him to everyone!
5	I bought some really beautiful things from Dan. He was outstanding. He actually cared about me as a person, not just a customer. He really made an effort to help me. I am disabled and have a limited income. I was also moving at the time and all of my funds were tied up in the house I was selling. He was sensitive to my situation and did all he could to accommodate my needs. I truly ended up with what I wanted at a price I could afford.I really appreciate his kindness and I can honestly say if I ever need anything else, I wouldn't even consider another vendor.
