4	Lebowski's is quite a recent and welcome addition to the Edinburgh bar/pub scene. It takes its name from the Coen brother's film 'The Big Lebowski' and those in the know will spot signs of this influence. The bar sells no fewer than nineteen different kinds of white Russian cocktails, all of which take their name from the film, 'The Dude' himself makes an appearance on this list. In addition to the cocktails, they also serve a really lovely cloudy cider on draught. They've put almost as much thought into the food menu as the amusing list of cocktails, everything is fresh and there is a focus on using Scottish produce (Ayrshire ham, smoked Mull cheddar etc). The chunky tats are great to have with a pint if you're feeling peckish, I ordered them expecting a bowl of bland pub chips, but they are actually crispy potato wedges with the skin left on - flavourful and filling.Lebowskis is a good place to go for a bite to eat before catching a film at the Cameo or a show at the Usher Hall or Lyceum.
4	After reading Emma's review and realising the connection between this bar and the film, I had to try it! My boyfriend and I are huge fans of The Big Lebowski and my boyfriend secretly wishes he was The Dude as he always bangs on about wanting a White Russian (the drink, not a person). So we had friends visiting on Saturday night and had to head here. Unfortunately due to a horrific dental procedure the previous day, I was unable to drink alcohol so I had to miss out on the White Russians (excuse to return I think). My boyfriend went for The Dude, obviously, and said it was brilliant. Everything he had hoped for apparently! A friend went for The Saddam which he said was good, but his second was The Donny which he enjoyed more. I was truly gutted to miss out on the White Russians as they did look so good! Plus the choice is amazing too, something to suit every taste. Although I would add, maybe a non-alcoholic selection of cocktails would be a good idea. I probably wouldn't have noticed if I had been able to drink, but it would have been good to sample something more exciting than cola. The food menu looked really interesting too, not really what I would expect from bar food. I think a return visit for some food and White Russians is in order!
4	Looking a little a dull and dreary from the outside but with plenty of tasty offering on the inside lies Lebowski's, a bar/bistro just off Lothian road.It's references to the Coen brothers film are evident in the decor and in the cocktails but an unexpected perk is the food. Locally sourced ingredients (with the names of such sources mentioned in the menu) and the polished pub grub style equate to a quality place to eat.The Scottish Ale pie is a true gem.
3	First of all, I don't like the film The Big Lebowski, I really hate white russians and it drives me mad when people use the word "dude" so this isn't really a place I would go to out of choice. I've been to it's sister branch in Glasgow a good few times and got dragged to the one in Edinburgh recently too. It's not that bad, of course I just don't find it all that original as I've found "Lebowski" style bars in Dresden, Berlin and Prague to so it's kind of just boring now.They literally have like 20 different white russians with different vodkas, kahluas/chocolate syrups and milk. I used to love white russians but I got sick of them a few years ago and it was a combination of drinking too many and getting a bad round of them one night with out of date cream. Ew.The decor is quite nice with leather booths and funky lampshades on the ceiling but it doesn't have as much atmosphere as I would like it to have plus I can't get over the annoying Lebowski thing. I guess, for people who like the film and white russians then this place is ace, but for me. No thanks dudes.
3	I hate to admit it but I really am a sucker for a theme pub. My old haunt in town was The Old Fire Station (before it went to pot), and I have been known to frequent both Jekyll & Hyde as well as Frankensteins - one significant reason being you can get a reasonably priced frou frou cocktail/drink and a seat on something leather. Lebowski's definitely had me running for the entrance being a sad little stalker fan of the Coen brothers. I had to have a white russian - oh yes, for the whole empty experience of being in an american film theme pub based on a stoner with a urine-sodden rug. Yes, thankfully, the theme-driven side of the bar is very much muted. It wasn't particularly busy the evening we visited, so were able to overtake a booth. Lebowskis - a pleasant place to pass an evening but a little hard to draw out from a crowd.
3	I haven't been to many theme pubs, and I haven't seen The Big Lebowski, so this puts Lebowski's at something of a disadvantage as I probably can't marvel in the 'cool' elements that reflect the film.But what I do know is I came here for a few drinks on a Thursday night with the ever-delightful cocktail-buddy Miss Emily V and had quite a pleasant evening. We both initially ordered a cocktail: she the Mint Julep and I the Old Fashion. Both of which were each other's go-to cocktail. Oohh tricky.I have to say the Old Fashioned was nice but nothing to write home about. And when I tried her mint julep (as its one of my go-to's) it was really quite below par. Meh. But Lebowski's sells itself as the home of the White Russian (I believe the Dude drinks them a lot?) so the White Russian had to be ordered. We had the Italian one, and it was really rather tasty but I think that's because it was full-fat milk, some coffee and chocolate flavours, and was basically a milkshake. They did have two whole pages of a cocktail menu dedicated to White Russians. So there's something to please everyone, unless you're on a diet or lactose intolerant, in which case the 50 full fat milk / cream combo won't suit. But for a indulgent treat, millk it.The ambience was kinda pubby. For a theme bar it felt disticntly normal but that's ok. I just can't see myself going "let's go to Lebowski's!" for a special occasion. However, having tried the food in the Glasgow branch (OH.EM.GEE.NOM) and having smelled the food in this one, I can say I would prob come back to try the burger. Just the cocktails were...meh. Cool tunes though if not a little quiet (with disruption fro the live band in the pub directly below in the basement bar. Not well planned.)*insert witty last-liner here based on previous knowledge of The Big Lebowski and experience at theme bar*
3	I have to come right out and say that I didn't make the connection between the Big Lebowski and Lebowskis, until I told Jenny L that I didn't think this place looked like it would make cocktails, and she explained that its shtick is supposed to be White Russians.  Oh, right, well then.  So, we hunted down a cocktail list and got to deciding.  We were both a bit put off by the whole milk with cream aspect to the White Russians so for our first round, Jenny ordered an Old Fashioned and I had a Kentucky Julep.  I literally had all three bartenders making my drinks, and while the one who made the Old Fashioned seemed to know what she was doing (despite informing me that it's the staff's least favourite drink to make) the other two were looking at the menu to see what went into the Julep.  Staff having to look at a menu to make your drink does not ellicit much faith in the quality of said drink.  I enjoyed my Julep but did feel like I'd just gotten a mojito made with burbon instead of rum.  Jenny the conisseur informed me that this was NOT how the drink should have tasted.The whole cocktail ordering experience left me feeling a bit awkward because despite the White Russian shtick, I got the strong impression that the staff really hated making cocktails and I really just felt a bit like a dip, ordering cocktails in what is essentially a pub.  So, all in all we had an enjoyable evening, but that was more down to the company than the atmosphere.  The drinks tasted nice but were made with such a grudge that I really wouldn't be keen to go there for cocktails again.  I would probably pass it by for pints as well because at the end of the day I'm an old person and it was a bit too loud and lacking a bit of character for my taste.
5	Can anyone say "I am full of meaty love"? Well, I did after several mint juleps and a taste of the Carnivore Platter at Lebowskis. (WHAT were you thinking?!)As you can see from the rating, that meaty love resulted in a very happy Jen and a full five stars. Let me clarify a little further. As well as doing a full three-menus worth of White Russian cocktails, to honour The Dude of the bars namesake, and many other non-milky cocktails all to great, great effect - Lebowskis also do some of the tastiest, freshest, hand-made gastropub food I've found in the city.They are famous for their burgers. I am sad to say I have yet to try one but after seeing other tables ordering I can see why. I am definitely hitting up Lebowskis for my next burger fix.Having previously had the veggie platter to share and being super impressed by the huge wedges of cheese, mountain of olives, and just sheer volume of food, it made my night that Aidan and Zoe B ordered the Carnivore platter. And oh my.A plate of steak strips. That's right, just a whole plate of steak. No fuss, just meat. Accompanied by a bowl of haggis, chicken skewers, smoked salmon and ham hock, several dipping sauces, some rocket and huge wedges of bread. It does exactly what it says on the tin - it's a huge sharing platter of delicious meats. And honestly, these were cooked to perfection. The steak was straight off the grill and I could still taste the charcoaly goodness. Chris M and I both agreed - NOM.So now you can perhaps understand why I, without thinking and in true Jen fashion, professed to the pub that I was 'full of meaty love'. Well, I was. And several caipirinahs which usually have me spouting such embarrasing things.Lebowskis know how to do amazing white russian with every combination possible, all the other cocktails I tried were spot on, and the food is the best gastropub food around. See me in Lebowskis soon trying out one of those bad boy burgers....
4	Popped in to meet some Yelp fellows for trivia night after somehow getting lost (West End is a warren of wild streets, I swear) and working up a healthy appetite... for drinks! There's an extensive menu of just about every variation on the White Russian that you could think of. I tried the Bunny (rose vodka, black raspberry liquor, topped with whipped cream and - oh yes - pink sprinkles, tasted like a milkshake in a martini glass), the Police Chief (a White Russian with spiced rum instead of vodka, yum) and the Toe (mint choc chip, om nom) and was quite satisfied. The Carnivore Platter floated by us, only to be cruelly whisked away, but we got to take a good gander at it and it looked amazingly delicious. Seems like a solid enough place for food, although I was far too full of heavy cream to sample any myself. Still, it's a good solid bar with all the requisite staples - if you can find it...
4	Even though I don't come here THAT often, I always take someone who is visiting from out of town. With 20 different kinds of white russians who wouldn't want to go here? It really does make it exciting to Lebowskis. I've had probably 5 different kinds myself and each one is amazing. I swear, I'd take one of these over dessert anyday. de-lish. Warning: the drink called 'The Big Lebowski' is HONESTLY the big lebowski. It was basically a pint of milk.. with whipped cream.. and chocolate sauce.. My brother got it for himself after already having a regular one and had a moment of near sickness. It was just a bit too much. But! It would be okay for sharing with someone for fun. I've also had the food here once and it was a nice experience. I've heard great things about their pies.I'd like to return to try something else. I think you can also have private parties here? I've seen curtains drawn to divide the bar in half for a birthday party. Might be kinda cool for a party, no?
1	I really don't want to have to do this because I've had such amazing experiences at Lebowskis before. But if this had been my first visit I would never be going back.Went for a Saturday night dinner and drinks treat and expected a lot better. I'd have the meat platter before and was craving it so was disappointed when it was no longer on the menu. When I asked the waitress about it I was reassured they still did it, it just wasn't printed on the menu. I happily handed over my money and sat back in anticipation. But what turned up was worse that dreadful. 4 slices of what i can only assume was Salisbury's bread along with a bundle of salmon, a bowl of haggis, bowl of black pudding and the worst over cooked steak I've ever attempted to eat. And that was all. What happened to the salad, the oatcakes, the chicken, the cooking skills??!! Eventually after prompting, the waitress brought me some cutlery and a few slices of lemon from the bar. I don't know what was going on in Lebowskis on Saturday but it was all dreadful. Our table was filthy, as was the one in the next booth. And no one came to clear our table long after we finished eating. I would have been irritated if I'd been told the platter was no longer available but at least that would have been honest. Instead I was fooled into buying a substandard meal. I think Lebowskis need to make up there minds about what they are offering as there customer experience. At the amazing yelp elite event not even a month ago they were all about gourmet, locally sourced food. Cooked to perfection and served in style. That all went out the window on Saturday. Will i go back, maybe. Should you go......? That's up to you.
5	It seems as though everytime I come back to this place it gets better and better. The menus have changed within a couple weeks and different design as well. It seems as though the chef is looking for the perfect menu for this place. And he's doing a great job. Must say the Haggis Lasagne is TO DIE FOR. You gotta try it. Also, hats off to the chef, because after I mentioned the Thai mussels that were served at the elite event the chef made some up for me. Even though it wasn't on the menu!! Not many chefs do that! They were amazing as well, and had a kick. I will be trying to re-create them this Christmas. ALSO, really great special was on that night for macaroni and cheese. Was three pound something, and it was individually cooked with breadcrumbs on top. It was such a cheap meal and really good mac and cheese. Cheap and Cheerful!!
4	I have been a big fan of Lebowskis since it opened in Edinburgh and is one of my go to pubs for anything from a quick lunch to a night out.There are lots of things this place got right, but it all centers on the atmosphere which is fun, easy going and laid back, just like its namesake.    They usually have good tunes on the background, and quite often have live music in the evening which has always been enjoyable! The 2 things they are best known for are their food and their White Russian menu. If you are a fan of White Russians, you are going to be pretty happy here as i would bet there is nowhere else in Edinburgh with such an extensive menu and all those I have tried have been great!The food here has long been a favourite of mine with a great range of gastrenomic delights, however I have to say that I feel this is slipping as of late.  I believe there have been a few changes in the kitchen recently, and the menu has undergone quite a few changes too with some of the favorites disappearing.  The last time I ate there was a week ago and we were all left quite underwhelmed, but I as I have had so many positive experiences I am willing to put it down as a bad day in the hope it will be back up to scratch next time I go (and there will be a next time, very soon!) in which case they will get the full 5 stars.
4	Lebowskis is a really nice pub with a great selection of vodka coctails. I especially loved their white russian. I've been there a couple of times when they had live music and i really enjoyed it.
3	This does NOT seem like the kind of place the dude would visit. Ever. But I won't let that affect this review.My first major gripe is the layout. You walk in the door, BAM, you're in the bar line. And drunken peeps do not want to let people through. Straight up, first impression is tainted.Second gripe is the live music. I've been a few times and the music often feels completely out of touch with the venue. Also, when the bar is busy it feels like the musician is playing in the middle of the line for the bar. Which is also where the front door is. And there is so much space out the back!Final gripe: The full potential of the Lebowski theme is unrealized. Yep, the white russians are pretty good but more should be done than just painting murals of Jeff Bridges and John Goodman. Bowling paraphernalia, a rug, more inspiring uniforms etc. I love The Big Lebowski and I know the owner does too. If the theme was pushed in a more Lebowski-esque manner, ALL my pound-sterling-dubloons would be thrown unconditionally at this bar. Until then, I label this place 'a probably worth seeing once' kinda place.
5	I love the big lebowski movie, and I love this pub almost as much. The food is really nice, and since I am a a big food envy I must say that my friend ate the best thing I've ever tasted at Lebowski's; salmon pasta with mussels! Thats my tip for you. Anyways, the service is flawless and the price is cheap and the white russians are heavenly! ENJOY!
3	A certain quote springs to mind, and I hope the Lebowski guys can take it in the best way. "You're out of your f*cking element Donny." I love Lebowskis, I really do. Word on the street was they'd had a refurb so one sunny Monday evening I thought I'd pop in for a bite to eat.It's half new and half the same. Same layout, almost, but with lots more tables and chairs. Most of the booths are gone. I like the booths. There's also a new food menu. The infamous burgers are still on there, and from what I could see from other tables, they still look good. But after a weekend of BBQing I thought I'd go for the Grilled Trout with Carrot and Courgette Ribbons, and my compadre the Roast Chicken Breast on a Ham Hock Risotto.The wait was a wee while, but I'm laid back and don't mind. But when the dishes appeared I have to say I was a wee bit disappointed because, well, they were quite wee. The trout fillet was exactly as described and came with a little pesto sauce to bring some flavour. It was overall quite nice but left me still hungry (thank goodness for creamy white Russians). But the chicken dishes was literally a little round bit of risotto with some cut up chicken on top, with three tiny penny-sized smidges of red pepper sauce as 'decoration. It looks very dry. And it was very dry. I think a bit of sauce may have helped it along a lot. But, and I don't have a big appetite, but we were both still hungry after. I've eaten in Lebowskis many time before, and I can tell they're still using local ingredients and striving to be more than the usual pub grub, maybe it was an off night in the kitchen, but both the meals were a little disappointing in their size and general blandness.The white Russians are still awesome. Except that they didn't have buckfast. And when I moved on from white Russians to cocktails..well I tried to but couldn't as they had no lime. Or cream for the Irish Coffee. Or fruit of any description. The manager seemed really stressed. I get it, they'd just reopened and stocks were low. But there's a Sainbury's directly opposite the bar. I really, really wanted an Irish coffee. I've been in other places where they've offered to run out quickly and buy ingredients. That  might be a cut above the norm, but the overall feeling in Lebowskis last Monday was rushed, lacking in a lot of ingredients and stock, not great food, and subdued panic.I still like Lebowskis, I really want to still like it. But before I would comfortably bring friends here for a guaranteed good pub grub meal, and now I'm not so sure. White Russians yes, ANYTHING else (and I mean anything, as when I asked what cocktails I could have they said "just white Russians") is questionable, pending further visits. Sorry guys, you could still bring it back. I'm hoping that when the dust settles from the refurb it'll be back to awesome business as usual.
3	You're a Lebowski, I'm a Lebowski, that's teriffic. Lebowski's apparently started as a theme bar, but now the only things Lebowski related are the name, the picture of Walter on the wall, and a bunch of named White Russian varieties on the menu. Otherwise its just a standard pub.  This is apparently part of a conscious effort to change from a novelty place people might go to once to check out to more of a neighborhood pub that folks would make their regular joint.Lebowskis is large, has plenty of seating, the food and the service were decent. If I lived in Edinburgh and were going to be in the neighborhood I would definitely consider stopping by. But it's not necessarily work taking a trip out there for, especially if you're thinking it's going to be some sort of mecca of Lebowskiana.
2	Argg.. bright lights!! I'm a cute fuzzy mogwai, keep me away from bright lights. And don't you know that loud music which goes 'boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom....'  turns me into a gremlin??Ok so it was a saturday night, and you're gonna struggle to get a quiet pint, but it just doesn't suit this pub. It's caught in total limbo land. 'Am I traditional ye olde.. am I up-market.. am I banging weekend? Oh I really don't know anymore, I'm so confused. What should I wear?? Quick it's saturday night, someone put ITV on the big screen and crank the beats!'They handed me my change on a silver saucer. Why? It's just not in keeping with anything else here.. except maybe the huge ornate gold frame around the TV!! Perhaps a trip to the toilets would have been a revelation.. tanned, flower-clad hula girls unconditionally handing me paper towels on a silver saucer...Of course, it could be a lot worse, my pint was reasonaly priced and the clientele were ok. And maybe during the week it has more to offer, but barring mild irritaion, it didn't do anything for me on this occasion.
3	While the movie, "The Big Lebowski" is a cult favorite, this bar really has nothing to do with it other than a pic on the wall and a list of about 27 different kinds of white Russians.  So if it's a theme bar you are looking for- you are not going to find it here.What you will find is a packed house (standing room only on the the night I was there) friendly locals mixing with a number of tourists, and pleasant and helpful serving staff that are quick to take good care of you.If you sit on the  bar side- know that you will need to do your own ordering at the bar but they will bring the food out to you.  If you are lucky enough to get one of the tables on the restaurant side (just walk around and find an empty one) you will have table service.Beer is cold and they have about 8 on draft although nothing that I would say stands out.  The menu is pretty much a bar food menu with choices from some entrees to burgers to wings to fish and chips.  I chose the latter and it was okay.  One piece of juicy fried fish with potato wedges for 10.00 which was pricey in my book (but what the heck-everything is pricey here).  Dinner for two with a couple of beers came to 25 pounds which in US dollars is close to $50!If you are in the area and want a cold one- I'd say stop in.  But I wouldn't make it a destination.  Unless you are looking for a White Russian!
4	Had decent fish & chips for dinner here last week. Table service was prompt & congenial, the white russians (only the Original but they do 3 or 4 variations) well made & the seating comfy. Given the number of offices around the area, the fact it's above Henry's Cellar Bar & that it's a handy starting point for heading in the direction of The Grassmarket it can at times be pretty busy but in general is a good hangout.
4	"We got two white russians but we also needs some drinks" ......Oh Kanyezee. Whenever I'm craving a white russian I come here. They have something ridiculous like 50 versions of white russians available.  They also have Deuchars as well as other regular beers you'd find in Edinburgh on tap. The staff are pretty fast and personable.  I believe most nights they have live music - really fun on Fridays. Lewbowski's as a bar and as a night out is pretty fun.  I'd definitely recommend this place at the beginning of a night out!Now on to the foooooood - - I love the burgers here. I've been here multiple times paying full price or when I've had the It Is On Edinburgh vouchers. The last time I was here I had the fish burger ("What she order, fish fillet?" - another Kanye line) and it was miles better than any other fish burger I've had.  It wasn't soaking in oil!! One of my friends had the veggie burger which had grilled vegges, mushrooms and goats cheese. I had a bite and it was pretty tasty.  On another visit, I was in a big blackpudding mood so I chose the pork belly and blackpudding with mash.  It was delicious. I can be picky with my blackpudding and i'll confirm they used the 'good' brand!This is one of my favourite bars and comfort food eateries.  Check it out!
4	I must say of all the venues participating in the Tollcross Chili Cook-Off this one was my personal favorite. I loved the texture of the Chili and the tastiness of it without it being overly spicey or spiced. I also loved the fresh twist on the pico de gallo and grated cheese adorning my wee chili cup. They were quite smart at this place and offered some kind of lime margarita side drink with their chili which i actually just poured into my chili making it really yummy (I do realise it sounds gross but it was actually very good.) The atmosphere was rockin and the DJ was cool. I will have to come back again and try their normal menu for sure.
3	Comfortable neighborhood pub atmosphere, although a little bigger and more open than I generally expect from somewhere with that feel.  The warm furnishings include plush leather seats, dark wood, and sandstone (I think) blocks for some of the pillars and walls.  Pass-through areas in the walls allow airflow and light throughout the restaurant.  The food's good and straightforward; plenty of comfort food, with decent sandwich specials at lunch.  There are 25 or so types of White Russians in honor of The Dude and all those he encountered.  Other than the White Russians and the excellent mural on the outside all though, there're little direct ties to The Big Lebowski . . . not even a classic rug.  Ah well -- I'd still return.
3	Recently visited Lebowskis on a Friday night for some pub grub, I'd visited once before for drinks but this was my first time trying the nosh.  We had pre-booked a table in the "restaurant" and I'm glad I did!  At 7.30pm the bar was already crammed with weekend drinkers hovering round our table, hoping we'd be a 'no-show' so they could nab our seat.  It was pretty busy, with most people standing and drinking the weekend away.  I should have realised it would be busy on a Friday, but I didn't expect it to be quite so noisey.  .  Still glad to have a booth seat in the corner I ordered a chicken burger with homemade wedges and a Peroni beer.  It came on these wee wooden bread boards, I've noticed its the new way these pretentious bars seem to like to serve their burgers these days.  While it looks nice, it's not very practical and leaves little room to cut up your burger, if you are one to cut?  Taste wise, it was braw!  Braw pub grub - just what I wanted, with a light sweet beer to wash it down with... nice. The general interior design looks ok, standard modern bar design, nothing to write home about.  Although I would say they could dim the lights a little, had one glaring in my eye so bad, I had to move seats.  I would come back again for food, but not on a weekend night, leave it to the drinkers - they want your seat more!
4	Was in Lebowskis last night for a team night out.  We originally had a table booked for 7pm but somehow the group before us were late and we got our table late at nearly 8pm after reminding the staff twice.  But can't really blame them as it was Friday and there were lots of people.  At one point there was beggar cum drunkard who came in and was not served.  He hurled some funky words at the bar staff but left after.  Part and parcel of a great Friday night out.  However that said, I thought the burger was the best I have ever eaten in Edinburgh and I usually don't eat burgers myself.  Big, juice & tender meat and not overpriced.  The only decent place I have burger in Edinburgh is Holyrood 9A but the burgers in Lebowski is much better than the burgers in Holyrood 9A.  The atmosphere here is average and the DJ was playing 90s music last night which was great as it brings back memories.
4	Awesome themed bar.  Personally, I hate the movie and find it a waste of 2 hours of my life, but my boyfriend and some of the friends we were traveling with absolutely LOVES this movie and made it a goal to come to this bar by the end of our trip.  It's pretty difficult to theme a bar or restaurant after something and not make it extremely tacky (ahem bubba gumps) but this was rather tasteful.  There's a giant face of the dude on the front of the restaurant, and the menu mostly consists of burgers, hot dogs, and an entire section dedicated to White Russians.  We had a party of 8 and almost everyone ordered a White Russian and loved it.  My boyfriend was espeically entertained by all the variations, from the good ol' Dude to the Donny, the Jesus, the Big Lebowski, and the Nihilist.  I can see though, if you've never watched the movie this would be completely lost on you.  The bartenders were also really sensitive to food alterations as my boyfriend couldn't eat burger buns so they gave him a giant heap of pulled pork!There was consensus amongst our group that the Karl Hungus was the best White Russian, with vodka and creme de Banana, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and two foamy bananas added in for good measure... basically drinking a banana split.  Even my friends who don't like alcohol too much succumbed and got this drink because it looked so fun!  We also tried the Brandt, and the Stranger, and all of them were delicious!  It is definitely a fun, extremely American bar.  This must not exist in the States for some legal reasons.  The only partly strange attribute was the music playing on the side.  It looks like there's an area for a DJ and possible dancing (maybe later on in the night) which was quite strange as most bars and pubs in the UK usually don't have music playing and are more geared towards conversations and socialising.All in all, even though I hate the movie I was quite impressed with this bar!  It's really modern, open, and spacious, and seems about as american as it can get in the UK.  It's a good place to hang out and chill with friends, and is pretty different from your typical Grassmarket or Rose street pub!
4	I'm not one to go crazy for themed bars, but this place exceeded my expectations.  Maybe it's because it was Big Lebowski influenced, which happens to be one of my favorite movies, but that is neither here nor there.The overall vibe here is rustic and has a relatively young crowd.  If this bar was in NYC, it would most certainly be in the East Village / Lower East Side / ABC City area of the city.  The drink menu was entertaining - I liked how they had several kinds of White Russians and they all had themed names.  Very cute.  The food servings were ENORMOUS.  My boyfriend ordered a BLT, which came without a top - but it didn't need it because the sandwich was that enormous.  I ordered 6 chicken wings, thinking I would get 6 wings, but I really received 12 when I split them in half.... and America somehow has the bad rap for overfeeding people! Overall, this place was a win and I would recommend to anyone traveling to Edinburgh for a quick meal and a few drinks.
3	The idea of this pub is extremely cool. As a big fan of the movie I feel I should love this place. Its heart is in the right spot. But usually packed with EXTREMELY LOUD MUSIC YOU HAVE TO SHOUT OVER. What is it with pubs wanting to be night clubs? Grumble grumble. However, decent White Russians (yum) and a lively atmosphere means that there are worse places on Lothian Road you could choose to go.
2	I am an "Achiever" since 1999. (some may get that, so may not). The bar is brown. They serve White Russians. No pancakesApart from the menu and some eBay paraphernalia depicting Walter Sobchek and the likes I did not get that 'Dude'-vibe. At all. This is like ..uhm.. someone thought; "The bar cannot look empty...man.." I ordered a beer and sat my self down on a rickety table, waiting for my special lady to arrive. I really needed to.. uh.. go and take care of my Johnson.. and when I arrived:  It was clearly that the dudes cleaning this place aren't married -  it wasn't the most inviting or sweet smelling area, I mean com'on the toilet seat was up and dirty, man. The faucet was inoperable, one of the bogs was out of order wrapped in a black bin liner dripping into a cleaning bucket underneath- I guess it was the most modest one they could find..  Just for that I'd mark it zeroBack at my lane ..uh.. table,  which clearly had his own mind (or a serious relationship problem with the wall it was supposed to lean against) and the missus arrived and we decided that this table was a bit of a Jacky Treehorn.. he treats objects like women.. man. And moved. The tables were bare, no decorations, no err.. folders or business papers. I don't mind being tidy and minimalist - but this looked clearly that they believed in nothing (..on the tables that is) Wifi is free and the feel is relaxed, but a little too much chillin' going on..  - doesn't anybody in that bar gives a shit about the rules? A clean toilet and sturdy furniture.. I mean I could fix that table in two seconds flat. I finished my beer and we went on our way. So although they carry the name of my personal messiah (as a priest of the Church of  Dudeism a can say that)  they went over the line and I could cry about the missed opportunities here - strikes and gutters- and this one's 3 short of a turkey .. yup.. grown men also cry..
4	I was originally drawn to this place because I am a huge fan of The Big Lebowski but wanted to go even more after I saw the menu. The food sounded delicious and I was excited to try it. I went on a Friday night and was told that the kitchen closed at least an hour ago (even though it was still pretty early in the night and I literally saw someone else successfully order good not even five minutes before). Even though we were beyond hungry we decided to stay for a couple drinks because the White Russians looked too good to pass up. I tried The Toe and The Donny and my god they were delicious. I personally prefer drinks where you can't really taste the alcohol and these tasted like candy. I was pretty disappointed about not being able to try the food but the drinks were great.
4	Hmmm, not this is an interesting review... I can't see myself coming here on a busy weekend evening, but I still feel compelled to give it four stars based on my Sunday experience. Essentially some friends and I stopped in here for a drink after leaving Mum's for lunch as it's on the way home and a friend of mine likes the whole Lebowski theme, although I can't say it does much for me.  Initially I tried one of their speciality cocktails for the moment, a Frangelico Sour, which... I just have to say, yum... it tasted like the winter version of an amoretto sour and really worked in my opinion.  I had actually assumed there weren't many drinks I could try here due to a blasted intolerance of lactose, but upon having a friend query them I was given the glorious news that they have lacto free milk which in turn opened up the drink menu to a far further potential. Speaking of the drinks, this place features heavily on White Russians... even if they aren't your thing it's probably worth trying one of the more creative varieties, there's surely something that would hit the spot.  Beyond that a friend of mine ordered an Old Fashioned, and on this instance at least it was made with the proper care and attention which was appreciated.  They also do a selection of bottled beers, with a few creative options, and draft beers that were unfortunately far less creative but suitable.  (Think Estrella, Staropramen, etc.) There were only a few people in here at the time, post lunch on a Sunday, but the staff were quite happy for use to literally lounge in one of the restaurant booths casually drinking throughout the afternoon... what was supposed to be stopping in for one on the way home ended up being a few hours of banter and drinks, to the point where we ordered some sliders succumbing to hunger down the line.  Now here was the real surprise... the chicken sliders and slider burgers were soooo good! (With a side of buffalo sauce for the chicken sliders, naturally.)  I can absolutely see myself in here ordering these again on a day that isn't so busy... the only downside being that they can only be ordered in groups of three, i.e. if a group of you wanted three chicken and three burger sliders you have to order two sets of three rather than a cheaper order of six split down the middle, etc.  They did let us upgrade the included tats to "devil's" tats however, which was appreciated.  (We also tried an order of the chilli cheese sliders, which were fine and definitely as advertised, but I wouldn't order these over the chicken or burger sliders personally.) The service on this instance was also spot on, not invasive but just the right level of attentive... I'm not sure how it would be if it were extremely busy, but on this instance there were no complaints for the service department.  (Extra points for them charging my friend's phone behind the bar; most bars tend to do this, but it's appreciated all the same.) I actually like the layout of the place, "dude" stuff aside... personally I just tell myself it's a regular bar and ignore the Lebowski references, but if that's your thing I suppose it doesn't hurt.  The only real downside to me in regards to the building itself was the restroom... it looked like it had seen better days and didn't match the apparent cleanliness of the rest of the bar/restaurant. I can definitely see why this place would be too much for some, and again I can't see myself pushing my way in here on a busy evening (I've seen it heaving at times), but come another lazy weekend afternoon I think I could have done far worse this time around... so, with that in mind, I'm throwing them a four star bone for now... I'm sure I'll be back once or twice over the course of the year so I will update accordingly based on further experiences.
3	Lebowskis is a homage to all things  from the cult movie The Big Lebowski, from the mural of The Dude on the wall to the collection of white Russians named after the char caters in the film.As a fan of both the film and white Russians I take to this place. After a Saturday afternoon visit to the Picturehouse my friend and I decided a trip here was in order.We promptly ordered white Russians and looked over the food menu. I went for the whale burger and my pal asked for a hot dog. First issue was there were no hot dog buns, slightly surprised by this oversight this early on a Saturday night.My whale burger was ok, the beer battered coley was tasty enough, the bun was rather dry and crumbly and the zingy tartar sauce in the description was nowhere to be found. Chips were ok but not great.The real issue here was the service, definitely got the feeling the waitress didn't care for customers who weren't 'alternative', in other words if you didn't wear black and have a piercing hanging from every available crook of skin. She was lazy, rather than checking/serving customers she stood by the pass on her mobile while she was meant to be getting our bill.Good bar, good drinks, ok food and some rather unpleasant/incompitent waitresses.
4	5 stars for ambience and for the menu. (Great music).5 stars for the fine Caucasians (White Russians) I highly recommend the Walters.2 stars for the food. I had the Lebowski burger and I couldn't finish it. Had a weird tang to it and the bun was burnt.  My husband had the fish burger and it was dry.  The blue cheese salad was good, but bacon wasn't actually crispy.Overall 4 stars.  Happy we went but we won't be returning.
4	Lebowskis is a killer place for a White Russian. With friendly and knowledgable staff behind the counter (none of this, 'sigh, I don't really fancy shaking a cocktail' thing, they really are good at what they do) I think this is as good a place as any for a few drinks any day of the week.I've been here twice so far, once on a quiet Sunday afternoon where there were plenty of free tables, and once on a Friday night where it was absolutely jammers and all of the tables where either taken or reserved.So far I have sampled the Classic, the Dude, the Police Chief and the Toe. The Toe is definitely my favourite; a choc-mint concoction that tastes more milkshake than alcoholic beverage.I haven't yet tried the food here but despite reading some not so great reviews, the menu looks lovely (a bargain lunch deal for a fiver) and it smells delish when wafting past so I definitely intend on doing so eventually.I will definitely try this place again and I recommend you do too, dude.
5	Try a white Russia & Burgers are massive
4	The white russian variations are delicious!! The Donny, The Da Fino, The Nihilist, The Smokey, and The Toe were the four we tried, all were delicious and well mixed.The food is typical bar food but a tad better. The french fries got hard after 10-15 minutes and were difficult to eat.  We only ate there due to time constraints.  Highly recommend to just go for the white russians, eat if you must.
