3	My girlfriend and I came to the Blumenthal Performing Arts Center (shamefully) for the first time last night to see Traces, a new show that came in from NYC. As a snooty New Yorker, I always thumb my nose at what Charlotte has to offer in a cultural sense--which is normally dumb. Yet again, I've been proven wrong. The Blumenthal Center is awesome: modern, new, clean--just a really awesome performance space. Honestly, with the exception of its size, it's pretty much identical to any stage or symphony hall in a bigger city. There's also nice bars and concessions, so it really does have a great feel. We'll definitely be going back for future performances. Be sure to get there on the early side, though: the entrance area can get a little backed up pre-show (understandably).
4	I got the chance to see the Nutcracker over the holidays at Blumenthal.  It was my first time there and I had a good time.  There is a lot of open space in the lobby with a little bar to the left of the ticket windows.  The center is very clean and they have some cool nordic looking wall paper in a strange minty green blue color.  A lot of shows and plays seem to come through here.  Garage parking is validated in the lobby, so don't pay to park in a lot beforehand!  On the bottom level the water fountains are hidden in a corner but they are there!
4	as a suscriber to the Blumenthal, there is always some great entertainment at this venue in its several concert/symphony halls. Highly recommend for dates and time with friends!
4	Having now been to a handful of shows here (most recently the touring version of Young Frankenstein), I am impressed with both the facility and the execution of service from all the house staff.  It makes an evening of arts and culture just that much nicer to enjoy.The facility, adjacent and accessible from Founders Hall, is (relatively) new and sparkling throughout.  The lobby spaces are very open and offer a number of modern chairs and benches to provide seating to patrons.  A wide spiral staircase connects you to your level of seats and each level has a concession bar offering beer, wine, spirits, water, and a few snacks.  Prices are a little steep, but not so bad as at your typical movieplex.  Bonus tip: you can pre-order and pay for a drink during intermission.  When you walk out, there is a side table with your drink and order slip waiting for you.  So convenient and easy, as your time waiting in line is all but eliminated.I also think the seating inside the theater is very good, from most all levels.  If anything, the Orchestra seats may be close to the stage but require angling your neck up to see the action.  The seats in both the grand tier and mezzanine levels allow you to look down on the action but do offer unobstructed views.The staff, located in the mint green jackets, are literally everywhere and available to help you find the most convenient door and path to your seats.  If you ever have a problem with patrons around you, a discreet word to an usher will quickly remedy the issue.  Bonus tip 2: they also sell parking passes for $5 before, during, and after the show.  There are 4 decks near the BPAC that accept the coupons.  The staff will check your parking ticket to make sure you parked in a qualifying deck and will then sell you a $5 ticket to get out after the show is over.  I can't say how helpful this is- you just feed the coupon into the gate and off you go- no digging for cash or waiting for a credit card receipt to slow you down.  Bravo to this facility and their staff- they make a nice evening out just that much more enjoyable.
5	I've seen several shows and have always enjoyed this venue. Here is the breakdown of the 5 stars given... 1 star for Location- Smack dab in the middle of uptown- an easy walk from my apt. A lot of restaurants are right there so it makes dinner and a show a convenient thing to do. 1 star for Staff- Super friendly and helpful. Whether It's where is the will call line? or where is the ladies room? You'll always receive a polite response.1 star for Ladies Rooms- I have waited before- but never long. I also like that they have tv's situated everywhere so you don't miss any part of the show if you cannot wait for intermission.1 star for Seat comfort- Roomy enough for me- miles above Ovens arena in my opinion. 1 star Productions- They have great productions and always have a few each year on the line-up that are must-see's! It does everything I need an arts center to do !
5	I've loved every venue under their umbrella i.e. Booth Playhouse, Belk Theater, Knight Theater, and Spirit Square. The shows are great and you can find some deals if you visit their website. I've never had a bad time at one of their performances. I did not have a good experience volunteering for them though but this is about Arts & Entertainment.
4	Contrary to popular belief, "The Blumenthal Performing Arts Center" was not a particular building, but a group of entertainment venues which included two theatres, the Belk and Booth in one building uptown.  Included in this group is also Ovens Auditorium and the new Knight Theatre, plus others. This caused so much confusion, that the enterprise recently dropped the name "Center" from its name and is now known simply as "Blumenthal Performing Arts" to avoid confusion.  It's a little hard to visualize Ovens and the Knight being in the same "center" so this was a wise decision.Anyway, they do a great job bring quality entertainment to the QC.  They also often have good deals on prices, affinity groups, and more.  I have seen some major shows here, and almost all have been good.  This is coming from someone who has seen several shows in Toronto, which trails only NYC in theatre production in North America.  They seem to offer a little something for everyone throughout the year.
4	I love the main theater here. It's very trendy and pretty inside. I am awed by all the lights and shiny stuff. Yes I am an easy person to keep entertained.Having been here twice I would say the performances here are usually quite popular and well done. My wonderful yelper Leanne C. presented me with a ticket to see Ira Glass the first time here. He is just as fascinating to listen to in real life as he is on This American Life. The second time I went to a showing of "You say tomato, I say shut up" and it was set on one of the smaller stages. The production was still very well done. The neatest thing about this place is that there are speakers and tvs everywhere so you don't have to miss much if you can't wait for intermissions. This kind of surprised me when I was going to the bathroom my first time and I was wondering why I could hear the performance while peeing and thinking to myself man that's some crummy soundproofing.This place is cool, the performances are great, I love how helpful the staff here is. Also you can get parking validated for $5, it's nice because the parking lots are super close to the building but leaving after a show takes quite a long time. This place fills up my need for art and creativity in my life. So I'll be back to gawk at the pretty lights and lounge in a nice seat and enjoy a show here ASAP.
4	Perhaps Blumenthal should not be reviewed, since it is a group of venues, and an organization, rather than a single location? Ah well, here we go anyway.As Brian has mentioned, many have confused the Belk Theater for the Blumenthal, when actually, Blumenthal refers to the whole shebang - the organization that manages the Belk, as well as the Booth (in the same structure as the Belk), and a handful of others around town to boot - even some not uptown!With that in mind, the most popular is surely the Belk because it is the largest and most prominent, but that does not make it the best. Some of the smaller venues are actually much better for seeing a show. The Booth may be one of the best places to see a show in town, and the McGlohon is a great space converted from a former church - it's tough to match anywhere.Make sure you check out the various spaces and recognize that the name Blumenthal means more than just the big theater uptown.
4	Blumenthal is THE place to see Broadway shows, jazz shows, dance recitals, cocktail parties, and more.  I have visited for all of the above and more.  I am usually able to get great seats in the orchestra or the grand tier.  I have sat in balcony maybe once and this is my least preferred place to sit.  I consider Blumenthal to be the entertainment capital of Charlotte.  With an Uptown location, parking is varied and depends on what you want to pay ($5 - $10 is common).  Volunteers and staff members are always cordial.  Refreshments are available as well but I think you can only bring in the liquid refreshments (no snacks).I can only give NCBAP 4/5 stars because of the typical problem experienced when females visit most venues, the bathroom wait.
3	I've been to several shows in the Belk theater. Not once have I had a bad seat. I love the location and it's proximity to parking and restaurants. It makes for a great girls night out. All of the staff are very nice and willing to help. The theater can be hot at times, but the staff is usually very aware and will turn on extra ac if it gets too warm for the majority. Also the staff does a fantastic job at intermission with the ladies bathroom. They usually have 2-3 attendants pointing where to go and which stall is unoccupied. It makes the line go very quick, which I am appreciative. I like that they have drinks and snacks available to buy. $7 for a single pour mixed drink $10 for a double.  You can have your drinks in the theater but no food. With all of this being said, and of the around 10 shows I have been to I  have never had a problem... until Rock of Ages last Friday. There was an obnoxious group of drunk people who would not stop talking and singing louder than the actors. At one point yelling a profanity so loud (from the Mezzanine section) the actor looked up at her. After about 10 minutes I pulled aside the door person looking over the section to make sure people didn't have phones or food and asked her to say something. These people were on the end of the row literally right in front of her so I thought she would say something before I asked her. She told me she would go to her supervisor to ask him to say something. Totally cool, you only have so much authority. So we waited... and waited and listened to these people ruin the show. Nobody said a word. Not. One. I watched other employees come in and stare at them. I watched other people around get upset their experience was being ruined. And I watched the drunk group go in and out and get more and more drinks, apparently nobody stopped serving them. This was totally unacceptable. The staff did nothing and said nothing. Continued to serve these people, and watched idly as they dumped at least 4 drinks all over the floor.Sad, that I will have to rethink the next time I come to the Belk Theater.
