5	I have been the patient of this office for the 2 years and obtaining best dental servicesThe front office staff is very professional, friendly and pleasant.They maintain great discipline in appointment time and procedural duration.The dentist is awesome. She gives a good detail of the treatment procedures and you will know whats being done to you in great detail.The assistants are very friendly.I highly recommend this place for best dental treatment
5	Dr.Sonji (not sure on spelling) and Sonya made my two kids feel so comfortable. I was impressed because we were quickly seen and I was kept in the loop about what was happening. Very friendly staff and biggest perk is I could walk to the office from my house. Overall great service and minimal wait time.
1	Worst dentist I have been to! I came in for a check up and first they scheduled me at 3:45 pm when they close at 4pm. When he walked in he didn't say hi or any other greeting just asked for my name and read my X-rays. He then proceeded to tell me that I had a lot of cavities (I haven't been to a dentist in a while) and then he told me that I must like my candies and my soda! Yes I am a little over weight but that does not give anyone the right to look down or talk down to me. I walked out in tears and nobody in the office said a word to me after they took my copay. I will never go back to this dentist nor recommend this dentistry to ANYONE that I know!!
1	Just because I have go give a star I'm forced to give one.  I went to Camelback Dentistry to do a crown and it was the WORST experience I've EVER had at a Dental Clinic.  They first took the impression and had to go back in for ANOTHER impression because they claim something went wrong, when they did do the crown, it was a monstrosity!!!  It was a huge white protruding object in the front of my mouth.  I went back in to them and they refused to correct what they had done.  I now have to spend $8,000. to correct their UGLY and HIDEOUS work.  I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THEM - THEY ARE THE WORST.  YOU WILL GET TO LIVE YOUR WORST NIGHTMARES WITH THEM!!
