2	I gave it 2 stars because I've been there before and enjoyed it....however, today was the pits!  We called in at 9:00 in the morning...first they didn't answer, then when we called back....they put us on hold (set the phone on the counter so we could hear everything happening) and after 10 minutes (yes, 10 minutes) we decided they forgot us and we hung up.  Called back after 5 minutes and I guess the phone was still off the hook as they never picked up.  Finally got through and the guy said he was too busy, he had 30 golfers there that just checked in that had never been there before and he had to take care of them and to call back in a half hour. He said he was there working alone because 2 people called in sick and couldn't help us right then.  WOW....really???   What happed to customer service....this was customer NO service!  Very disappointed....today!  Like I said, we have golfed there before and enjoyed it but today was the worst service (NO Service) we've ever received from a golf course!!
5	Beautiful course, Super friendly staff, and... WOW cheap beer! We will be back!
4	The course was in very good shape and a good challenge.  The outside service staff was a little too relaxed and even a little condescending from the moment we got there.  The restaurant and golf shop staff were very pleasant though.  The concessions were cheap and the round was reasonable as well.  If you are passing through the town and looking for a game, this is a good place to stop.
5	I'm rating this as an event venue. I've been here for two different events. And both were very different event types. One was a dinner and country entertainer. The tickets were a good value for the meal. It was a buffet style meal that included many options. The food was fresh and hot. Not like it had been sitting around for a while. The entertainment turned out to be wonderful. All in all, it was a great evening. The second event was a private party. The staff was on top of the set up and maintained everything thru out the evening. Appetizers were served that appealed to both the adults and kids. We had the entire place and it was very nice to be able to be outside on the patio. It's a pretty location for an event.
4	Course is very demanding. Either you hit it straight or you are in trouble (I lost 5 balls). Tie boxes and greens are in great shape, only issue is fare way out of boundary markers need up keep. Restaurant staff is remarkable, pro shop was too relaxed and seemed on the on-fence to any remark made. We where informed they would close at 4PM, arrived at 3:20 with the entire complex locked up and no one I'm sight.I called the next day to insure the golf cart was taken that night.
