5	Don't be fooled. Brindley's looks tiny (especially if you've been to Milano's Mesa location or think Guitar Center is the pinnacle of a music store). And it's easy to miss. And the parking can occasionally be interesting.But once you set foot in the door, you'll realize they've packed this place to the gills with everything they can and staffed it with great people. The employees are all very knowledgeable and eager to help, and no matter what instrument you play you're sure to find someone there with the advice and experience you're looking for.Brindley's has top-tier stuff at very reasonable prices, too, so if you're looking for accessories or expendables like reeds, be sure to stop in or at least call. They've also got a decent selection of sheet music and books.
5	You wan customer service? They go above and beyond. We started getting my young daughter flute lessons here and had them inspect her used flute. The person who did their repairs was out sick and they had someone else do repairs that was filling in. During her next lesson the teacher was not happy with the repairs and we had them loom at it again. They apologized, gave us a free loaner and made a lot more repairs and did not charge us. Really happy with their service and will be a long term customer.
5	Brindley's is by far the best music store in the East Valley.  My husband and I have shopped here for years and always come away smiling and talking about how great they are.  We even drove all the way here for services and purchases when we lived in Maricopa - well worth the drive!Bruce and his staff are amazing and incredibly talented.  They have been setting up my husband's guitars for years and he is always completely happy with the results.  We even tried a different shop a couple of times and quickly returned to Brindley's.  You just can't get better service or a friendlier staff.
5	I used to come to Brindley's twenty years ago when I played trumpet in high school, and I have had the opportunity to be a customer again since my daughter is now playing the violin. The instrument rental rates are reasonable, and they offer several renting options (rent to own, or build up a credit toward an instrument as you rent). They are so nice and helpful when we need something, and they take time to answer all of my questions and never make me feel rushed. I can't recommend them enough!
4	I rented a 3/4 cello for my son over the summer.  They had the best price.  The cello was old and really bad looking.  We did take it back for repairs because woofing and other vibrations.  The luthier did a fantastic job and that ugly cello made beautiful music.  Oh, they also gave us a free loaner cello. When we returned it after 2 months because he was now big enough for his full size cello that we already owned, they gave us no hassle.  This is a great music shop to do business with.
5	Brindley's treated me so well after a couple of bad experiences at another music store. They were completely personal and answered all of my questions. As a parent, it's sometimes uncomfortable buying instruments for your children that you know very little about. these guys are great!Their stor feels like a family business... I guess because it is. I just like knowing the people I deal with and Brindley's made me feel at home. They may not be able to compete on price with some of the huge stores, but I only payed about 10% more than the big guys and got treated like a friend instead of a number.I will be back for sure.
5	This place is simply awesome. Bruce and his staff are always helpful and can get you just about anything. They offer equipment, lessons, custom work, you name it and they will do a great job. They have something for just about every instrument and they also have rentals. I will support this local shop untill I can no longer afford my hobbies! If you are looking for guitar EXPERTS this is your place!
5	I purchased an amazing Schecktor Black Jack guitar from these guys.It took me a couple of days to realize, but unfortunately, the guitar was too heavy for me.I was really stressed about bringing it back.I had no problems returning this item, which confirms that costumer satisfaction is a priority for brindley's....not just making a quick buck.cheers!! 5 stars!!
2	First off, I want to be upfront, I intended to rent a bell kit form this store for my 5th grade daughter. I didn't get that far, so I think it's only fair to disclose, this review is entirely based on my first impression.Friday I spoke to a woman on the phone who was very helpful. I ended up reserving the bell kit online to pick up at the store on Saturday. I'll admit I never checked their closing time and I, unfortunately, arrived in their parking lot on Saturday at 5:03PM. They closed at 5:00PM. I have my very excited 5th grader in the car, so I thought, I'm not going to give up, yet. There were customers still exiting the store. I grabbed the door and went in as one of them exited. I went to the checkout counter where I explained my situation briefly to the man still checking customers out. He made it seem like it was something they could possibly do, until a woman walked up and immediately shut it down. She explained they could not check me out today and I would have to come back on Monday when they opened at 10:00AM. Again, I want to be clear, it was my fault for being late. They had already closed. I completely understand why they shouldn't have to help me out, but they were clearly still checking people out, so the registers weren't closed. All I'm saying is, how nice would that have been if they did help. It would have been a really nice gesture that could have gone a long way. I still have two more kids coming up behind my 5th grader that will most likely want to be in their 5th grade band, too. Plus, I'm a mom and mom's talk. I would have definitely spread the word about a place that went out of their way to help me. It's a shame. I'm all about supporting family owned businesses. They are usually the ones that make these types of exceptions for people.
