2	Stopped in here for lunch the other day. Quiet little independent Chinese restaurant that also has a Hawaiian style menu.Not many options for vegetarians, no tofu dishes to be found. Didn't really dig my noodles + veggies + pineapple dish, hence the 2 star rating.
5	Good and inexpensive Chinese food.  We have been eating here for several years, and have always had enjoyable food that is prepared fresh and served piping hot.  The service is outstanding, their egg drop soup, spring rolls and shrimp fried rice are among our favorite dishes here.  Another one to try is the Ma po bean curd which is out of this world!
1	I read reviews on this place before i ordered & some people dont know good food!!!!it was awful!  the fried shrimp was  soggy & not cleaned (what kinda place gives you dirty shrimp) had the house fried rice T the mea tasted old as dirty shoes****if you go by the reviews listen to me & DO NOT GO HERE!!!!i want my 30$ back
2	Being as nice as possible I have to say this is a below average Chinese Restaurant so I am rounding it UP to two stars  ONLY because of the extreme cleanliness and the attentive server .I was going to order the Szechuan Chicken but the server informed me that they make it with fried chicken so I thought I wouldn't like it and ordered Vegetable Chop Suey instead . I couldn't watch them cook but heard almost no noise from the kitchen and my meal was out within a couple minutes  (maybe two?) . It seemed like the vegetables and rice were precooked and someone poured heated chicken stock over it . I am trying  NOT to to be mean but It seemed and tasted liked microwave cookery  . Most of the vegetables didn't seem like fresh ones like the awful canned bamboo shoots and the pre cut very possibly bagged broccoli , potato chip shape cut carrots with snow pea mix , but two fresh vegetables were the button mushroom and cabbage . Even the steamed ( steamed ?) rice didn't taste good , each rice grain was sort of dried out . (maybe old?)My husband had one of the Beef Lunches that are mostly priced at $4.50 or $4.95 . It came out two or three minutes after mine and had the same vegetables but in a brown sauce that tasted very strong of uncooked beef base . The lunch menu includes soup , won ton  , and egg roll , The soup was very thick with too much corn starch and the won ton was EMPTY . Maybe someone new was trying to cook that day .
1	We went as a group of seven.  We read the review that said the food wasn't good and thought we would give it a try anyways. We now regret that decision, this isn't a place you want to go at all.  The sauces were not good, the spring rolls had a really bad aftertaste like the water was contaminated by minerals and chemicals. The service was great, thus the one star. One member of our group liked her meal and had no complains, 6 out of seven recommend staying away.
1	No stars for me we received the menu from one of the employees walking my neighborhood and thought we would try it, wrong move.  We ordered 3 meals and 2 appetizers egg rolls, bad, to be delivered.  Chicken with pineapple had raw peppers canned pineapple and some kind of sauce.  Beef and snow peas had snow peas that had bruises and brown spots and not from cooking meat was bad.  Paper wrap chicken looked as if they had picked it up from the floor and wrapped it in foil.  Very very unhappy called and spoke to them on the phone they really did not want to hear it and hung up.  STAY AWAY I should have driven the food back to them and asked for a refund.  They must have been run out of China if they served this food.
4	Usually quick delivery, good food for the price
5	I thought this place was excellent. We live on the northern edge of their delivery area, and the dinner arrived right on schedule. The Kung Pao chicken was excellent, as was the Szechuan Chicken. We got a Sweet and Sour Chicken dinner for free (with the delivery coupon). The Egg Drop soup was perfect, and piping hot. If you get placed on hold, then wait your turn. Hang up and call back, and you go to the back of the line.
5	Don't know why my previous review of 5 stars isn't here. Makes me want to rate Yelp.This restaurant has been perfect for delivery. The food is great. The prices are reasonable. The service is pleasant. And the delivery is always on time.Not much to choose from in this corner of Glendale, except for Panda. My Corner is awesome, and my neighborhood favorite.
5	My wife and I have been long-time customer.    :-)   I have actually been a customer since they have opened. I can say, with much confidence, they are always improving! The price is very much affordable. The delivery has always been on time. They treat U with respect. ...and that's all I have to say about that. Enjoy. Paqman
5	Try lunch here! Good food for a fair price!  Very attentive wait staff!
5	Great Chinese food at a great price in North Phoenix.They have a coupon you can't beat - "Free Entree after spending $18"  The "free entree" is a limited selection but when you can get 3 entrees and an appetizer for $20 you're doing great.  Big portions that always leave left overs.We have eaten here twice for pick up and been very satisfied.  Only negative thing I can say is that my wife was disappointed with her chow mein/ "crunchy noodles"  as the noodles were not what she was expecting.  We called the resaurant to ask about it and the owner explained that that's what they were supposed to be...they weren't wrong, but she wasn't exactly concerned with correcting our disappointment in the meal (was hoping that maybe she'd offer some noodles/rice?  Not her fault that we'd never had "crunchy noodles", so still gets 5 stars.We will definitely be back, but ALWAYS have the coupon, it's on their menu.
1	I tried this place for three reasons. 1)  I've been searching for a better Chinese food restaurant than where we go now. 2) Several weeks ago someone dropped off a menu at our house. 3) Decided to try something new. Delivery took only 25 minutets and the food arrived very hot. My wife ordered the beef with broccoli. I ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce. My wife took one bite and said the beef was tough and the broccoli was hard (it wasn't coooked enough). She also said her dish smelt weird. At that point I dug into my shrimp & lobster sauce. It was more like egg drop soup than any shrimp and lobster sauce dishe I have ever tried anywhere. I also paid extra and got fried rice instead of white rice. It was so bland it was inedible. Everything went  immediately in the trashWe  also ordered  Wor Wonton Soup and got a free entree which we were planning on having for lunch or dinner tomorrow. Since we put the entrees in the trash nd were hungry we decided to give the soup a try. There was large chunks of pork in the soup which looked good but after trying a piece I was sure that was not how the meat was supposed to taste. My wife agreed and we ended pouring it down the drain. We then tried the free almond chicken entree.  Again the dish was nothing short of  disgusting! so it went directly into the trash as well.FOOD: wanted to really enjoy it, but honestly, the food was detestable. We both  nearly gagged just after tasting it. To say our food was dissatisfactory is an understatement. STAY AWAY!!!! PRICE: Wasn't worth the price even if it was free.. SERVICE: Fast delivery.  CONCLUSION:  I have rarely been this disappointed with a restaurant . If I could give this place 0 stars I would. This is the worst chinese restaurant ever!Dinner cost $28.37 and it ALL went down the drain or in the trash. I will never order from this establishment again. STAY AWAY!!!!
1	Worst chinese food I've ever had. They left a flyer on our door so we figured we would try them out. Not only was our food horrible and tasted like it was heavily microwaved but the person that delivered it didn't bring any kind of change so we were forced to tip 9$ on a 41 dollar bill. They were very rude when we called back and mentioned that they forgot one of our sides of rice but did eventually bring it. Very unprofessional and horrible tasting food.
1	Ordered a few items. Everything was extremely greasy or sickly sweet. We felt so sick after a few minutes that we tossed out the left overs which we never do with Chinese.
5	My husband and I tried this restaurant about 10 years ago, and we get back whenever we can! Always professional, courteous service. The food is fantastic! He's trying the pineapple beef; my favorites are the house chicken or shrimp w/lobster sauce & veggies (tonight's dish). Have to order crab angels when we come. It's a great family-owned restaurant & wonderful experience every time we're here!
