1	Wow, what a difference 3 years make. Three years ago, my cousins took me to this restaurant for dinner and it was so good, I visited it 2 more times before I go back to Las Vegas. Fast forward to now, I came back and ordered the same thing I ordered before. Ohh boy, the food is horrible now. Everything tasted bad and the service sucks big time, even though there were only 3 tables occupied at that time. The portions were very small. The servers were unfriendly, not helpful, and basically sucks at service at all. The prices are pretty expensive. I would not go back to this place at all. Found another great Chinese place called Tong Por located about 15 minutes away.
4	Don't want to pay for parking or go all the way to Chinatown? I usually stop by Fu Kam Wah right next to Cote Vertu Metro station when I have a Chinese food craving.My friend and I were in the mood for lobster. Surprising they had fresh lobster in the live tank. Was good sized and reasonable for off season at 27$.  Was very fresh as it came off the shell very easily (that's why they have a tank of live lobster).We also ordered my fav, Cantonese Chow Mien.  Could had used a few more shrimp,  but great taste overall. Good amount of chicken, veggies and noodles.The waiters also speak English well enough, but just make sure if you want a BIG portion of something (like shrimp that comes 6 an order for example).  Ask them how many shrimps it comes with, then just say "2 orders" instead of just saying "big order", which just confuses them.
4	Simply the finest Chinese food anywhere.  Just ask the hundreds of Asian families who pack the place every evening.  Parking is sometimes difficult as their lot is small but it is worth the walk of a block or two.  Service is always friendly and quick, food fresh and hot and then menu is extensive while not expensive.  Why go to Chinatown when this restaurant is central to most everyone from St.-Laurent to Cote Saint-Luc?
1	Been to that restaurant from time to time since 15 years and for the past years, the food quality and service have plunged and downgraded.  On my last visit, found a pubic hair in my soup and no apologies from the server or management.  This is how to chase away customers for good.
