2	This place is a mixed bag in terms of style, quality, and consistency.  We used to go for happy hour when it first opened and the sushi was worth every penny.  A few trips back for regular dinners over the past few months has left me pretty disappointed.  The atmosphere, especially in Cave Creek, somewhat makes up for what the food lacks.  But the prices are far above what one would expect for the quality one gets.  A dinner this week resulted in a $24 seared ahi entree being sent back twice (first time cooked all the way through and the second time just touched the grill for about 2 seconds)... they never did end up getting that right, along with a list of many other things the waiter and young staff just couldn't deliver on.  Consistency is key and Ten doesn't have it.  Gamble and you may end up with a decent dinner.
4	Did you know that Ten is owned by SRG?  Sapporo Restaurant Group... you will notice the similarities in the restaurants if you've been to both.Ten Sushi Asian Fusion is the full name of this restaurant... and that is exactly what they have to offer.  I've been on several occasions to dine in and I've also picked up food for 'take-out.'  As Josh said almost a year ago, the service can sometimes be disappointing.  However, if you get a good waiter / waitress, you'll have a great experience.  Minus one star for the gamble...On to the food...First, if you are watching your spending, you may want to take advantage of Ten's daily happy hour from 4p - 7p.  They offer deals on drinks, sushi, and appetizers.I recommend starting with lobster dumplings - steamed just right and served with a yummy dipping sauce.  However, Ten offers regular edamame and spicy edamame too - I'd never seen this before!  Their house salad with ginger dressing and their seaweed salad are pretty similar to what you might order at any other sushi restaurant.If you're making a meal of sushi, there is plenty to choose from... I love the Ten roll  and spicy scallop handroll, but I'm sure there is something for everyone... If you choose to go with the asian/fusion selections, I will recommend the KABAYAKI SCALLOPS.  The dish has not let me down and the scallops are prepared in a wok with fresh asparagus and shitake mushrooms.  For the health conscious, you can choose from white or brown rice!There are plenty of vegetarian options and a special 'ten and under' portion of the menu if you bring the kiddies!  This is a good place for groups and I've never had to wait for a table here either!
5	"Wow, great find Em!!!"-Boyfriend"Wow, I haven't had sushi this good since my last trip to NY"-Boyfriend sister"Wow, did you know that you are amazing?"-Everyone(okay so that last one was a stretch):::Bill arrives:::::::::I snag bill::::::::::::::::::::::::GIGANTIC SMILE::::::::::::::::Details:Atmosphere: Similar to Sapporo without the sometimes obnoxious Scottsdale "scene"Food: 5 stars: Fresh and very very good!  Had delicious seaweed salad and an amazing spicy salmon roll.  My favorite man friend shared Kobe sliders with his sis and enjoyed an amazingly spicy General Tao's.  Sis loved on a shrimp tempura roll and an incredible dragon rollService: 4 stars: Loved the waitress although she was sometimes hard to find.  But, she DID clue us in on the GREAT happy hour specials (see price) and hooked us up with at 10% discount for filling out a comment card!Price: 5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The 3 of us ate TONS (2 edamame, 1 app, 2 salads, 3 sushi rolls and a main dish) for $45 without cocktails!  Will I return: oui!
2	This is NOT a Japanese restaurant.  I wouldn't eat the sushi here - not saying that it isn't safe, but the tuna rolls I had (just about the simplest thing to make) weren't tasty at all.I would best describe this place as "Asian Inspired."  It's a real hodge-podge of food styles and you KNOW you're in trouble when your "Asian" restaurant has a section in the menu for "Sandwiches."  Ugh.I guess I'm being kind of snobbish, but if I'm going to pay $8 for sub-standard tuna rolls then I think I have a right to be.  Our total for 2 adults and one kids meal was $60 including drinks.  I would have been perfectly satisfied with the visit if the check had been half as much.As is usual for North Phoenix/Scottsdale/Cave Creek restaurants they way overspent on decor and ambiance and totally scrimped on food quality.  This is a very bland place full of uninteresting food.
2	This place is supposedly owned by the same people that own Sapporo. Or maybe it was and isn't now, I don't know. What I do know is that we have been there many times and the one constant is the shiiiiiiiitttttty service. Here's an anecdote: Three friends and I went to Ten to get some sushi. We ordered sushi. My little deal is I like to order spicy tuna rolls but--get this--add avocado. Because avocado is good. The couple with me orders a spicy salmon roll, which ordinarily comes with avocado--except that they didn't want the avo. So, among other things, we should be receiving spicy tuna rolls *with* avocado and spicy salmon rolls *without* avocado. Backwards, yes. Well of course I wouldn't be writing this if that's what had arrived. No, alas, we got our rolls but sans modifiers, i.e. spicy salmon with and spicy tuna without avocado. So I politely pointed this out to the waiter. The appropriate response would be: O. M. G. I'm so sorry--be right back with the correct order. Nope. The waiter looks at the rolls and then goes to check with the sushi chef. He returns and tells us (!) that the rolls are actually correct: that salmon colored roll is indeed tuna, and the tuna colored roll is, in fact, salmon. When confronted with the issue of salmon colored ties (not to mention half of Craig Sager's wardrobe) being named after the wrong goddamned fish, the waiter could only muster a vacant stare and offered to talk to the manager. TALK TO THE MANAGER? So the manager comes and reiterates: yes, that is indeed tuna. "The one colored like salmon?" Yes. "And the tuna colored one?" Salmon. Ah. "Would it matter to you if I told you that I ate the 'tuna' roll and it tasted conspicuously salmony?" No, that is indeed tuna. We add to our tuna (insert name of some made up, nonexistent spice that turns tuna salmon color and vice-versa) and that makes it look that way. Now I'm making this story drag, I admit. But the concept of someone so brazenly lying to me (or just being plain fucking stupid) is highly irritating to me. If it weren't, I'd watch fox news. But no, the manager and waiter all stuck to their story. What I should have done is played along and ordered a spicy "salmon" roll, complete with avocado. But I was too pissed to do that, and so instead I argued with the manager and embarrassed my friends. Sorry all. Moral of the story: Ten has mediocre food and fucking dipshits working the sushi bar. If you trust these mensas with raw fish that you're about to eat, go ahead. Otherwise I recommend Celsius or Shogun. (reviews to come, maybe.)
