5	My daughter needed her hair layered they did a wonderful job!!
5	What a great salon! Extremely clean and is staffed with experienced and lively people, what more could you ask for? I always look forward to going in and getting my hair done at the Salon Spot!
4	Tried this place with a groupon and really liked it.  I am pretty picky about my hair.  I was specific about what I wanted, she was quick and did a great job.  Its also a plus to go to a small business.
4	My trip to Salon Spot was great! My stylist, Melissa, really did a wonderful job on my hair. She took so much care and attention to make sure I walked out with a hairstyle that I can feel confident in. I do not usually feel comfortable speaking up mid-cut when I have a concern -- but this time I felt like I could say what I wanted! I now have a great haircut and I'm excited to go back when the time coms for my next cut!  Oh, also, your yelp coupon was awesome and their prices are MORE than reasonable -- I could have paid the same amount at some terrible chain place. Thanks Salon Spot!
5	I moved from Pittsburgh recently, and was a little hesitant on finding someone here to do my hair, since I am picky about who I pay to work on my tresses.  The Salon Spot is not even a 10  minute walk from my apartment, and is totally worth the trek.  This was the first place I walked into the month I moved here, and I think I got very lucky.  Sarida does a bang up job on my hair.  The first time I got a cut (an A line), it grew in fabulously.  I was impressed, and decided to make another to get a cut and color. Sarida is very knowledgeable, and personable. She knows what she is doing, listens to what you want, and makes suggestions.  I usually just go with whatever she suggests, because really, she is fantastic.  I will definitely make this my hair salon!
4	I recently moved from Chicago area to Phoenix. I left behind a wonderful stylist and friend. I had no idea where to go in Phoenix. I spent quite a bit of time researching salons. I live in central Phoenix and I was having no success in finding a salon near my neighborhood that charged less than $45-$50 for a basic haircut. Maybe I'm cheap, but I find that price point ridiculous and I refuse to pay that much money for a simple cut.I came upon this salon here on Yelp. I drove 25 minutes north to try it out, since the reviews were good and the price was reasonable. I called to schedule a cut and I spoke to the owner of the salon. She was extremely nice and was able to get in me in on that Sunday (I called Thursday). I was very happy about that. I paid $21 for my cut (using the deal here on Yelp), and it was great. The salon is neat, clean, and cute. It is not super swanky, so if that's what you're looking for, I would go elsewhere. I don't need any of those pretentions. The owner was friendly, knew what she was doing, noticed a weird thing my hair does right away (that my Chicago stylist always had to work around), and is reasonable in her prices. I say that's a win.She gave me several coupons for future cuts, and I'll be back!
1	I've gone here for a year and had wonderful cuts by Marissa. To my horror, when I called to make an appointment this week she is gone. I agreed to have Christina cut my hair. Not only did she take a couple of calls while shampooing my hair, she went out to give some guy a key while I dripped in the chair. Then, she needed to ask the woman next to her how to cut my hairstyle. Forgot to ask what side I parted my hair on until she was almost done. Boy, was I pissed. Now I have to find a new salon. I think this one has changed ownership and I'm totally unimpressed.
5	I have Asian hair and the owner she did a wonderful job. I would highly recommend her if you have Asian hair. I had layers. Came out great!!
5	Excellent friendly service with yummy free mimosas on Sundays : )
5	I just moved to the Phoenix area from the midwest and was looking for a reasonably priced hair cut, without having to skimp on style or quality. Well I sure did find it at The Salon Spot!! They really listened to how I wear my hair and gave me a great cut from every angle for ONLY $30!!! Everyone there was super friendly and I will definitely be going back for future cuts and colors!
5	Whitney rocks!  She is a great stylist!  I'm planning to make another appointment very soon.
5	My daughter and I both saw Whitney this afternoon. She absolutely rocks! This was our first visit and won't be our last! We are new to the area and so glad we found the deals on Groupon. She was attentive to our individual needs. Would definitely recommend this salon & Whitney.
