5	My experience at the European Wax Center was an exceptional one. The staff gave great customer service and the facility was very easy to find. Before my waxing began, the receptionist actually came and sat down in the lounge area next to me & gave me a brochure and went over some of their pricing for different packages, memberships, etc., which I appreciated. My esthetician Khatherine was amazing! I received a full body waxing which included (underams, legs, brazilian, and full arm.) I had received a brazilian before but it was my first time getting the other areas waxed. Before she began, she explained every step of the process and made me feel really comfortable. She provided me with great knowledge going forward about which of their products would be recommended for use on my skin after waxing, and how to maintain my skin in between waxing services, that way when I do go back for future visits, the treatment is as effective as it can be. I was sold and bought their In Grown Serum, Body Wash, and Exfoliation. I was DEFINITELY surprised by how reasonably priced their products were! Between $20 to $25 each. In addition, buying 3 items granted me a 20% discount. I can't express enough how much I love all 3 products, especially the exfoliation. It's gentle enough to be used on the body and face, and I've only used it one time on my face and can already see my hyperpigmentation and acne scars lightening. It contains a pineapple & papaya enzyme which after 5 to 7 minutes, literally removes dead skin cells from the area used. Didn't burn or cause irritation, no dryness or allergic reactions. Mostly natural ingredients. I have very sensitive & oily skin so I was amazed. After the service, I was able to setup an appointment for my next visit. Overall, I was very impressed with not only the level of knowledge provided by both reception and the technicians, but that they were genuinely proud to represent the brand that they do, ensuring that you are getting the service you're paying for. Check them out!
5	Your first eyebrow wax is free for new customers. If you don't want an eyebrow wax, a bikini/Brazilian is half price at $21 for the first time. This promotion was a great way to try European Wax Center. After that, the prices are reasonable and there are specials that change monthly. They have locations nationwide and the computers store your linked information, making it very convenient for those who move or are traveling. This is especially useful when a prepaid pass if purchased, you can give them your name and it will show your account details. Every European Wax Center is the same, using a step process of pretreatment, wax, and post treatment.The products for purchase go hand in hand with your waxing treatment, including the ingrown hair serum, exfoliate, and body wash. Using these products in between wax treatments will help you have the best waxing experience possible.
5	I have been to this location several times and every time it has been an exceptional experience. I love EWC for several reasons: your first visit you either receive a free wax (eyebrow, lip) or half off the regular price. For a Brazilian on your first visit is only $21 and after it's $42. I didn't know what the difference was between a Brazilian and full bikini before coming in and after my first visit, I found out that what I have been getting done at other places was actually a full bikini where I've been paying for a Brazilian. I was used to paying $50 for a Brazilian at other places and to find out that it really was a full bikini, I was appalled! I love EWC's pricing, their service and their performance. Khatherine was my aesthetician who performed my wax and she made it as awesome as it could get. I don't know anyone else that can make ripping hair out of sensitive places more pleasant. It's always a great time whenever I see Khatherine! I love also that they use hard wax. I don't know why anyone else would use soft wax in such sensitive areas, but I have had that done before and the result and process is just no bueno. With the hard wax, it sticks only to the hair and not to skin so it only pulls out hair. Overall, I love this location and would recommend that everyone go here and see Khatherine if you can!
5	I LOVEEEE THIS PLACE!! Nothing like going in for services with amazing staff that doesn't mind answering all your concerns/questions! HARMONY is amazing!!
5	#EuropeanWaxCenter #SouthRainbowBlvd #BestInVegas LOVEEEEEEE these girls!! Stephanie and Harmony gets more adorable everytime I come here! Super professional and helpful. My home away from home every two weeks!
5	Awesome place.  Everyone there is so nice & professional. They really put u at ease especially for my first brazilian wax. I love it here & definitely will keep coming back.
5	Had a great experience. The girls there answered all my million questions and were very patient. I was running late for my appointment and they were understanding. Go see Gill, she is great and made my first waxing experience easy and comfortable. Yes...it hurts but I think the service made a difference as far as being comfortable and not nervous. Thanks girls.
5	Always friendly and professional service. I don't normally have the same person but they've all been awesome.
5	Hairy?? After visiting EWC you won't be!!! You'll be one happy and hairless customer like me.After visit numerous waxing places and not being satisfied with any of the results or pricing, I was hesitant even getting a wax. Fellow Yelper, Khatherine T. is actually employed here so of course she recommended that I come in. She said they use hard wax and it's not as painful as other places that still use the soft wax. My schedule never seemed to fit her schedule, so she recommended that I see Harmony instead. I took her advice and I'm so glad I did. I made an appointment over the phone and the receptionist was very pleasant. She even gave me a reminder phone call the day before. On the day of the appointment since I was a new client, they let me know that they offer unlimited annual passes to save money on my waxing instead of paying every time I visit. I calculated the pricing in my head and I figured that since I'm not that hairy, it would be about the same price as the pass if I paid every time, so I opted out of it. But their pricings for services are great!!! $44 for a Brazilian wax, and if you are a new client, it's half off!!! Waaaay better than their competitors. As for the waxing itself, I had an amazing experience!! Harmony is so sweet and really easy to talk to. She explains everything she is doing and makes sure you are comfortable the entire time. We chatted so it made the procedure a lot less awkward. They use hard wax so it just adheres to the hair, not the skin. It still hurts, but it makes a big difference. The whole thing took about 25 minutes. Quick and easy! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!! For anyone who is hesitant to get a wax, EWC will make your experience a lot more comfortable. Just try it out for yourself and don't forget to book an appointment with Khatherine or Harmony!P.S. If you recommend anyone to EWC, you get $5 put towards your account. Don't forget to say I told you! Thanks:)
5	Went to another place before and wasn't happy with the experience or the price. Referred by a friend and won't go anywhere else....love this place and all the perks they offer! Go to Diana, she's great!
5	Great customer service from the moment I walked in until the moment I walked out! Great staff! Megan was very personable and nice! She did an amazing job in little to no time! Purchased a by 9 get 2 free wax service. They offer so many opportunities for their clients to save money and enjoy their great services.
5	Harmony is the absolute BEST. Her skills are one to none! No one I trust more to help me with my services. Not to mention, she is the sweetest! The GSAs and the manager are all very helpful and polite. Nowhere I would ever want to go ^_^#EuropeanWaxCenter #SouthRainbowBlvd #BestInVegas
5	I LOVE this place and location!!! Their packages are affordable, convenient, SO WORTH IT!! I love their products too, especially the exfoliate and the brow powder, I simply cant live without them! I pretty much live for all the services I do, pretty close to the entire body!! Haha!! If you're looking for a friendly staff and want the best waxer in Vegas, ask for KHATHERINE!! Tell her I sent you!!!
5	Gill was great! First time with them and it was very smooth! They have great promos a packages that make doing business there very easy! I have already rebooked and plan I being back! Highly recommend this location! Very friendly staff and super knowledgeable
5	A few days ago was Harmony's last day =( You will truly be missed! Until then, Andria will be my go to! They're still the best in my book! ^.^
5	Megan was fantastic! Let's just say I've been too busy, and this is one errand that was put on the back burner... oops! Hellooooo, 70's porn called and they want their look back.  Jeez, woman!Seriously, folks. After all that and understanding I've jewelry to contend with? Amazing experience for my first visit!Nearly painless, informed and personable tech, great staff, and great packages. I've already got my next appointment!
5	Went here for the first time last week, the front desk staff was courteous and the rooms very clean. My Brazilian wax was done by Megan F. She was quick, gentle, informed and it was painless. She was so personable, I would definitely ask for her!
5	Andria is awesome! I've been going to see her since Harmony left and I couldn't have been left in better hands! She's so fun! Attitude is great and does a great job in making me purrrrrtty! #StrutOut
5	Megan is my fave there! We created a great relationship she makes me feel comfortable & I would never ever go to any other wax place beside European Wax Center!! They have amazing products and awesome wax I should say hehe. This particular location is where I go all the time bc it is in my area. The girl at the front desk are always so attentive. Love it here:)
5	Sooooo Andria is on vacation and I met Gill to do my eyebrows...PHENOMENAL! Believe me when I say, none of these girls can do any wrong! They're all so good! I have to see Gill again tomorrow and there's no doubt in my mind she's going to hook my brows up! #iHeartEWC
5	I have tried the majority of the Brazilian waxing places in Vegas and keep returning to the European Wax Center because they provide the most consistently good and reasonably priced service.  The most recent center I went to was the one at Rainbow/215 South and Kasey was my technician.  She is fantastic and it doesn't matter if you are nervous first-time waxee or an experienced one, she will make you feel at ease.  I love how thorough she is at trying to get all the hair off (which is the point of going for a Brazilian).  She is very friendly and kind - I highly recommend her.
5	I just went today to get a brow and under arm wax. Gill was fast and really good. She got every hair off and now I don't have to worry about shaving! I am going back in 3 weeks to get everything done plus a Brazilian wax. She is very sweet and nice. She makes you feel comfortable and doesn't force to buy anything. Thanks Gill, see you in 3 weeks!
5	IN LOVE!!! I see Megan and she is AWESOME!!!!!!! I had my first wax about 2 months ago and have been avidly going back. She made me feel comfortable and really took time to make sure I was happy with the results. I get the Brazilian and every time I go it hurts less and less. The first time waxing was painful but after it gets much better and a faster process. The atmosphere is very pretty and clean. I have become a loyal customer and go in every 3-4 weeks.
5	Great service !!! Easy to make an appointment and try to book with Jill! She is super fast and very sweet!
5	Was referred here by one of my friends and am SO HAPPY I decided to try it out. Kasey was my specialist and she was beyond great. My brows are perfect and she had the perfect personality to go with her specialty. I ended up signing up for a prepaid package and the receptionist Kianna was so extremely helpful and super friendly which is a major reason I ended up signing up for more. I look forward to future appointments here with Kasey!
5	I went yesterday to get a brazillion and I saw Megan. She's amazing! She made me feel very comfortable and talked to me like we've been friends for years.. Which is comforting because getting a brazillion could be intimidating cause everything's out on the table! I recommend seeing Megan for your waxing. She's wonderful.
1	My first and only trip to European Wax Center.  The experience, including the atmosphere and technician were nice.  I was pleased with the everything until coming home and actually looking in the mirror and seeing almost as much hair on my face now as before the waxing!  Imagine how one feels after having hot wax put on your face, ripped off and all for practically nothing!  I am so thankful I did not purchase the waxing plans committing myself to a year worth of bad waxing!  The technician was also a hard sell on product, thankfully I resisted that as well.   So while the technician was nice and the location is convenient and clean, I will not be returning.
5	I made an appt with Megan, yeah...she really is fantastic!! I've been waxed by so many different people as I travel alot for work. She is the best. Quick, most pain free that I've had. Let's face it, it's never enjoyable to get your hair ripped out. But I had 5 weeks growth, pretty long, and I was in and out in 20 minutes!! She is fantastic and I hope she doesn't leave!! I'll be back!!
