1	horrible customer service.  online request was very easy to navigate through and use.  was prompted to call and confirm upon completion of order.  when i called lady named "lacey" had me hold for 4 minutes then told me "well what do you want to know."  i stated "i called to confirm my order for a party in a few weeks and also to be sure i knew the dropoff/pickup time and price reflected on the website were the same."  she then started explaining to me that i would be charged extra for insurance being it was a public facility n also my time would be cut from 6 hours to 4 hours.  i explained i had already purchased private party insurance for the bounce house n wanted to know if it would be sufficient.  she rudely stated no n started going on sarcastically about how if it were at my house they would be able to do a drop off btwn 6am n 2pm n a pickup from 8pm-midnight vs if it were a public place n needed it done within a specific time frame.  but hi, no that wouldn't be ok to show up at my house at 6am or midnight to pick up and drop off anything.  i explained to her i would have to speak with my husband before going through with the reservation because the rental time change and price change.  i explained to her she shouldn't cut people off when they are in the middle of a question pertaining to their rental reservation and id be happy to get back to her later today if i decided to go with their company being how rude she was throughout the conversation.  she then said thank you and hung up on me!!!  her sarcastic remarks in attempt to explain their policies were uncalled for and definitely not customer friendly.  i really liked their selection in bounce houses but have decided not to work with them due to her lack in ability to communicate without being a witch.  hope to hear other people had better experiences with them bc its sad that they are in the kids party business with bad attitudes.
1	Booked with the online option which I thought was super easy! Then received one phone call from them while I was at wk & the lady stating that they were canceling my order due to them "not being able to get ahold of me".... After calling only one time ? Maybe with an email and a few phone calls I an see how they would cancel the order but one missed call? Really. With a week away from the party we were able to get really great customer service with Jump Around Party Jumpers
1	This place is rude. The girl on the phone has attitude when I told her I wanted to change location. Don't rent from here it's a waste of money. I asked her to change my location to the park and she said it will be an extra $50 and she will take two hours away from me so I cancelled. Then when I cancelled she said "fine, I'm going to charge you $25" I'm furious because she was so rude.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PLACE! Ruined my sister's birthday. The owner got on the phone and told me, "As much as I need to make money of my clients to pay my bills and feed myself, you should have taken the initiative to measure the back yard..." and kept going on and on. I was so mad I had to hand the phone back to the delivery man. HOW THE HELL we were supposed to know the size when they never told us? I've never met someone so rude in my entire life. He literally ruined my poor sister's birthday. The worst part is she has extreme social anxiety and it was a surprise for her to be with her friends and family. Thanks as*****.
5	You guys are AWESOME!!!! Thank you for making my daughter's birthday extra special!!!!! I rarely write reviews but I was compelled because I had such a wonderful experience.  I had no issues booking the reservation for the Kitty Cat bouncy house.  As soon as I booked it online I got a call a day to confirm the reservation.  My daughters birthday was originally scheduled to be at my house but had to move the location I thought this would be a problem but they were so nice about it and totally understood my situation.  They arrived on time and the men that came to set up were so professional and kind.  I was worried that the bouncy house would be dirty and it was perfectly clean.  The entire process was seamless!! My daughter and her friends had such a GREAT time.  Definitely booking this again next year!!!
