5	I have been going in to Tiffany's nail salon for over 16 years!!  They are AMAZING!!  I wouldnt go to any other nail salon!!  The work they do is great!!  Everyone is always friendly and nice!!  Its the best salon anywhere.  I travel around the world and I would never let anyone else touch my nails, but Tiffanys!!
4	I get my brows waxed there.  I used to only get my brows threaded but when I moved to Phoenix, waxing was the only option.  This place is in my neighborhood, and Donna actually does an excellent job!! I go back every two weeks and I get complimented on my beautiful brows!!
4	I came in for a polish change. The guy who did it did an amazing job! Seriously flawless looking. I was very impressed.
1	I asked for fill with gel top and the guy starts to do the gel and goes straight to polish. I say what about the gel he says this is gel. I said no that's polish you have to do gel. He does not!! I go to pay & the charge me for gel! I tell them that Ryan didn't use the gel just the polish. They said that is what they do so it's not thick. Well HELLO THATS NOT GEL. Don't you think you should have a choice, after all your paying the same for not even getting what you asked for. After 1.5 hours I get to go back tomorrow what joy!! Don't get Ryan. I can't say anything about anyone else until tomorrow.
5	My first time here, this salon came highly recommended. I'll definitely be back when i'm in town! Clean space and friendly staff and prices are reasonable. My pedi and mani were thorough and delightful.
2	I have been to this place 3 different times and have not been happy once. I have had the whole gamut; full set, fill, and a gel manicure. The biggest issue I have is not the customer service. Everyone is very pleasant and kind. However,  all three times I've been, I've ended up simply going back to another nail salon within a matter of days to have my service corrected (gel peeled off, acrylics were sharply square, despite my request for "natural" and "rounded", or- in the case of my new set- the tips jutted up from my nail bed in a very awkward vertical direction). I'm not sure if maybe it's a matter of seeing the wrong nail techs, but after 3 times, I won't be back.
4	I love this place! I go for mani/pedis and everytime I go, they do such a good job. They take their time, the facility and tools are clean, and everyone is so nice. (even when they are busy!) I like that they tell walk-ins a legitimate wait time. Other places always tell you "5-minutes" but they are honest here... If the wait is over 25 minutes, they will tell you that. They don't rush to get in everyone... which is nice. I don't like to be rushed out. I'm also pregnant and they are so accommodating to me. They gave me a bottled water and made sure I was comfortable. I highly recommend! :)
1	I went to Tiffany's Nails for a gel manicure. The staff suggested that the gel should last for at least two weeks. The woman who helped me seemed to rush through the manicure, but I didn't worry too much about it at the time. Two days after the manicure, I noticed that the gel was peeling on one nail. Now, five days after the manicure, a big portion of the nail polish has peeled off on another finger and more is ready to peel off yet another finger. Looking back, I see that the manicurist spent little time on my nails (buffing, filing, etc.) and I believe that played a part in it. I am very dissapointed that my investment in gel nails lasted less than a week (and I work in an office, not with my hands). I now have to go back or to another salon to totally remove the polish. I would not go back to Tiffany's Nail Salon for a gel manicure.
3	Lee and Leanne are the only two that do good jobs. The boys are horrible. And the gel only lasts a week here for some reason.
