4	This was totally our after work hang out.  On a rough day, it might be the "lunch" for some.  As long as you could walk over and walk back, which we did, you were good.  I was surprised by their food.  They aren't going to win any gourmet awards or anything, but it was pretty good for bar food.  And they had some good weekly specials.  They also did regular Texas Hold em Tournaments which were fun to watch.  Small neighborhood spot.  Great service.  Good drink prices.  And for some of us - great memories.  (Shout out to my Synergy Homies!)
4	I usually try to visit this place on Tuesday's because their burgers are only $2.00 plus $.50 for cheese.  A basket of fries which is enough to feed 2 is only $3.00.  It can't be beat.  I usually go when I take my lunch break from work with a fellow co-worker and friend.  Another reason that I like this place is that they give you a carafe of soda so you don't run out.  They do have a decent Happy Hour which is mostly only discounts off beers.   But they are cool because they have Blue Moon on tap.  Their mixed drinks are more expense than most bars that I visit.The regular patrons that I see in the place seem all to be retired because they are always talking about their golf game or when they are going to golf next.  When one enters the place one of the bartender's automatically know their drink and have it ready for them by the time they take a seat.  It is a pretty laid back environment 2 guys that seem to run the place are usually hanging out at the bar.
4	I was a fan of the Dirty Drummer over in Tempe back during college years at ASU. So when I walked in this location I was happy to see the faithful ASU Banner up near the bar! The waitress was really friendly she greeted me promptly and asked what she could get me as if I was a regular. I asked if they still did hot wings and she said why of course 12 for $5. So I ordered them and a cold draft and set back to watch the NFL game in progress. The game didn't go my way but the wings came out just perfect as they always have! Hot & crispy with just enough sauce to give them a little bite and not loose the crispiness of the big juicy wings. The beer was cold and the shoot of Tequila I had was ample to say the least. Only they don't stock my friend Jose' ...What's up with that so I had some off brand I never heard of call Tres Amigos. It was chilled to the right temperature and slid down easy. Can't wait to visit on a Tuesday for that burger special now. See ya there?
3	There is nothing fancy about this place at all, but it is perfect if you want to get a great burger...$2.00 on Tuesdays and all summer long...great wings $5.00 for a dozen any time....Cold cheap beer $5.00 for a pitcher, also any time, all coupled with good, friendly service. They also get the NFL Sunday Ticket and MLB Extra Innings package so you can check out your favorite out of market teams. If you want good food/beer at decent prices give the Dirty Drummer a shot.
4	Great dive bar...the service is good.  As soon as we sat down the server came right over and asked for our order.  The drinks were out quickly and so was our food.  They have $2 burgers on Tuesdays.  The decor itself is nothing to rave about, but it's a nice neighborhood place.
4	Good little dive bar for sure. I stopped in for lunch and since it was Tuesday the burgers are only $2.00. I had a 1/3 burger with Swiss and added Green Chili to it. It was very tasty for $2.00. I also added a side of fried zucchini and those were amazing! They were cooked perfectly and was served with a side of ranch dressing. Service was friendly and very quickly. I could have been in and out in 30 minutes but I took my time since I wasn't in a huge rush. Even though they were quick on the service they didn't rush you in anyway which was nice.Overall, everything was very good and I will certainly go back for lunch.
2	I work in the building across the street and have gone here for lunch too many times to count.  If I didn't work in the building across the street I doubt I would have ever gone into this corner building, strip mall, dive bar unless something horrific was happening in the world, such as the zombie apocalypse, one in which I'm being chased by a hoard and my only salvation is to enter a dive bar where, more than likely, the servers will also be zombies and I'll be fucked pretty bad. That said, the place kind of smells like musk and sadness and the two or three middle aged servers look like they've lived a lot of life.  There are always a few hunched over dudes at the bar, watching sports or maybe counting their misfortunes.  One server appears to have always just had something weird or traumatic happen to her before she takes our order, like she was just bitching at SRP for shutting her power off or she just found out her teenage son got arrested on drug charges- then she comes to take our order.  While the service has never been despicable, we always have to wait an unnecessary amount of time for our tab, which sucks since we're anxious to get back to our meaningless jobs.She also asks us "what flavor" of beer we want, which confused me since, like, Blue Moon is not exactly a "flavor" as much it is, you know, a brand.  But I can look past this.  I've eaten a few things here and the worst and most unacceptable was a simple dinner salad which was literally wilted Iceburg, bag lettuce with an obscene amount of dressing.  I can only assume that they thought if they covered the wilted lettuce with enough fatty Ranch I wouldn't notice the lettuce was bad.  I did, but I didn't send it back, instead I ate it and drank beer and talked about how much better the director's cut of Bladerunner is. The wings are mediocre, not crispy enough for me to say they're cooked well, not thick enough to call them plump, and not tasty enough to assume that the sauce is anything more than some Frank's Red Hot concoction with some added butter or someshit.I've also had the pleasure of the chicken "fritters" which are, you know, frozen chicken strips deep fried.  I order these most times I come here because they can't really fuck it up and you can't exactly go wrong with chicken strips.  I've also ordered the "fire" fries which are just their fries with Cayenne pepper on them, and they charge another 1.50 for this. What IS worth the trip across the way and the shady, low brow atmosphere are the two dollar burgers on Tuesdays.  I actually never order the burgers only because I'm not much of a burger person, but my regular co-workers tell me they're tasty, a cut above a fast food burger and cheaper.  (Though, consider that you're also leaving a tip for the service, not getting fries, and paying extra for cheese, so it's not THAT much of a better deal than fast food, just sayin'.) What I can't look past, why Dirty Drummer is only getting two stars, is the fact that the only reason we came here; the five dollar pitchers of domestics, are now, for some reason, NINE dollar pitchers which, needles to say, is absolutely not worth it, especially considering the skimpy size of the pitchers, the depressing atmosphere and the tore up servers.  After my co-worker noticed this new four dollar addition to the pitcher price he said, rather cleverly, "looks like this is the last time we'll be drumming."And it was.
5	woohoo! We always go here on Tuesdays, and sometimes on weekends.  their food is so good.  The burgers are the best in town!  And if you like wings, try their honey hots... grilled (they are not on the menu but they will make them and they are so good)The staff is awesome, their drinks are great.   I love how they have 2 bathrooms for such a small place.  Always have music going (unless a game is on) and if the game you want to watch isn't on, they will turn it on if you ask them, and gladly do so.We love Mandy and Brandy, And other poster is right about them greeting strangers as regulars (as we were strangers once).   on the weekends its 5-5-5  which means 5 dollar pitchers, 5 dollar wings, and 5 dollar burger and fries:)yummie!  love it there!  Thanks Drummer!Ronney
4	My fav wings!!!   Grilled and re sauced, yummmmmmm!!  the man on the grill, Walt, sure knows what hes doin!!!
4	I was introduced to this place by my coworker and friend.  She goes here every single day at lunch and its cute because everyone knows her there!  Anyways, everyone is very friendly!  I have always gone with my friend and each time they are so sweet and they even remembered the type of beer I like.  They have daily lunch specials and their prices are awesome!  They have a great grilled cheese!  My friend has them put their salsa inside, I like dipping it in their salsa!  I had their tacos the other day and they were pretty good!  This place is not fancy and luxurious, but I felt extremely welcome and comfortable.  This place is not my usual scene but it is good!  I will be back on many occasions...very casual!  I have never been at night or during events but I am sure it is crowded!  They have the tvs on the walls and they have pool tables I am sure it is a fun time!  Try it if you are looking for a casual bar to try...
4	Stopped in here last night with the fetching fiancee for a couple of beers and to watch the Dbacks and Monday Night Football simultaneously. We're both fans of little dive neighborhood bars, and this one fit the bill. Lots of TVs all showing games, and a bunch of beers on draft and in bottles.We didn't eat. We just drank some beer. The beer was fresh and our bartender, Nicole, was VERY friendly and outgoing. We noticed they had a couple of pool tables, so we mosied over and played a half dozen games. The coin-op pool table worked fine (always something of a question in a dive bar) and the bar cues weren't too horrible. And there was extra entertainment from the pool table next to us, where one guy was an unrelenting and shameless self-promoter.This place is a sausage fest, at least during Monday Night Football. I think the bartender, the server, and my fiancee were the only women in the place. Lots of guys watching the football game and making some harmless noise.This is not a place for snobs. It's a little neighborhood bar, not a "destination" bar. It's great for watching games, drinking beer and shooting pool with your neighbors. If your favorite bar is Hanny's, you're probably not going to like the Dirty Drummer. If you're more of a Zipps person, you'll fit right in.As we were paying the bill, we introduced ourselves to Nicole (the bartender) and she was kind enough to run down their weekly food and drink specials for us. Overall, a fine first experience. We'll go back.
4	The place was super chill and that's probably why I'm giving it 4 stars.However, the food took like ALL OF MY LIFE to get here and there werent many people there!I ordered the wings...and my boo ordered the grilled cheese. After all that wait, the food wasn't extraordinary and my wings were a little burnt and dry. But after asking for some extra wing sauce, it was yummy. HOWEVER...I would definitely come here again because it would be a good place to watch any sports games.
2	I don't really expect much from a bar & grill and I guess that's what I got. I can't eat much and bread is off the menu. I asked for a simple hamburger patty, but the told me that I would have to pay for a whole burger with the fixings anyway. Well, okay fine. Since I'm just eating the patty I'm hoping it's nice and juicy medium as ordered. What I got was a charred hockey puck.I also got an order of fried zucchini. I expect it to be frozen stuff, but this was pretty bad and grease soaked.I realize they don't start off with super good ingredients, but they could have cooked it better and brought it out faster being that the place was dead on a late Friday night.BTW, I cannot figure out why two reviews are filtered. They seem on the up and up. The food service is painfully slow.  This is a place for beer and sports.
3	I entered this bar simply to watch some of the ASU game and grab a beer at happy Hour. No HH food specials, but they have domestic pints for $2.50 and a huge screen was playing the football game and other TV's had all the other games I needed. Quickly, I learned about the Drummer's signature burgers since I was sitting at the bar and the grill (like in some older drugstores and Waffle House) is actually in the bar area (see photo). THis is great as I enjoy watching my food and others cook, but it also exposes some flaws if you know what to look for. Ok, the bugers are clearly not frozen here and are the best part of meal. They are fresh balls of 1/3 pound of ground beef and chef throws it on grill and seasons it with some powder and then the signature move occurs about 10 minutes into cooking - red wine is poured onto the burger while cooking, producing some sexy steam. About 1/2 cup of wine is loaded on the burger (($6.95 with cheese, $2.95 on Tuesday) and then I went with swiss and mushroms (.75 cents) for toppings. Ok, here are some flaws to ponder. The Buns are from Sara Lee, the fries and onion rings are dumped out from bags, the cheese is a generic slice and mushrooms are canned. If your gonna give me an incredible burger experience at least don't cut corners on all the extras which in my mind are all part of the deal. I realize this isn't a gourmet joint, so I cut some slack and the burger was very tasty and cooked well, but I didn't taste any of the wine (not sure if I was supposed too), but maybe the cheese overwhelmed the wine taste. Only one other place in the area uses wine according to the cook who has been there on and off for 20 years. Still a very friendly staff and this burger might taste better on Tuesday's for a better price, but i enjoyed the novelty of the wine and watching the chef (short order cook) in action.
5	Great staff and good food, don't change a thing!
1	Right after I was about to order a 2nd round of drinks, the nitwits at this place kicked my date out after falsely claiming she was there a week ago during the ASU game causing a ruckus and skipping out on her bill.  The tatted up short order cook (those are the only jobs you will get kids if you get tats) and the once friendly female pudgy bartender were convinced that she was the enemy and must go despite us telling her that she wasn't here during that game. This was a bad case of mistaken identity and if your gonna accuse somebody of that at least have a photo, more proof or something other than, "you have to call the owner". If you really recognized her as the person who ripped you off then call the cops man. These two were off their rocker. Well, at least its the last time I have to watch the "cook" scoop out potato salad from the giant tub and fry up nasty frozen fish on fish friday.
3	I guess you can certainly do worse.. , after awhile all these shitholes look the same to me, I go for the experience of talking to the locals, and , on this day my better half and I were the only 2 customers in this place. We had a serviceable Philly Cheese Steak. Prices are average I guess. And I have to give it one star for the stupid name.
3	It's a dive bar.  They have lots of TVs to watch sports.  They have a few pool tables.  The grill and fryer are in the bar area so the cook and bartender kind of share the space back there.   I was there on a weekday late at night and I would say that 80% of the customers were Hispanic and every customer except me had visible tattoos.  However this didn't bother me at all as I knew it was a dive bar before I came there.  Nobody caused any problems when I was there.   I also noticed a bunch of baseball memorabilia around the place and signs advertising for weekly appearances by various historical baseball players who presumably sell autographs and other personalized merchandise.The drinks were cheap and the service was fast and friendly.
4	Back for Football season due to person I was meeting lived near here. They had large pitchers of Bud Light for $6.25 and some other specials, but no food deals. Did enjoy the cheese crisp with fresh roasted green chili's for $5 and after many pitchers had a burger there. Fresh Ground beef, cooked well done (my order was the only one going) with cheese and bacon to soak up the booze. Very friendly staff throughout the PM and night games. Might not be great for watching every game, but times when there are only one or two games, it is a perfect alternative to bigger, flashier bars.
5	Haven't even tried the food yet! The waitress however has been absolutely amazing in catering to my needs. I will try to make a long story short here.. Delayed flight, made it to Phoenix couple hours late, lost bag, found bag, bag missing half my stuff, got in a fight over a cabi trying to rip me off. End of story I just really wanted a few drinks and to go back to my room. The waitress quickly served me my shots and beer as well as my food to go. Even helped me out with some beer to go " unopened " of course at an amazing price to go back to my room with. "Walking". I don't care if the food is horrible they helped end a terrible day good. However I hear the food is amazing!edit: food was amazing. Fire fries were magical
1	I love the food, Karen is an excellent waitress, (the other one sucks) and I HATE THE SMOKE!  Pay attention people!  Allowing smoke to drift into the building while people are eating is a VIOLATION.  I even asked the manager to put his cigarette out that he left burning in the ashtray and he just ignored me.  When I asked if they could at least shut the door while people were eating he said "NO".  Sorry for ya, enjoy your fine!  PS, get a couple of new speakers for the crap radio station you play in there.  I know you can't hear too well but trust me, those have been blown for a couple years now!
5	I love this place. Not fancy, just a great place to hang out with friends. TVs everywhere so it's perfect for game day. There are a couple of pool tables, dart boards, and video games. It reminds me of a place my father goes to back home. The staff are great and they make you feel like a regular. Great people and good times.
3	I've been to this establishment several times after work with coworkers. I've always ordered the chicken wings, which are phenomenal! They fry them, then throw them on the grill (for an extra couple of bucks). I went against my better judgement and ordered a medium-well, cheese drummer burger. It was the size of a case dollar, cooked well-done...to a crisp. The unmelted cheese looked as if it had been sitting in the fridge, unwrapped for weeks. But I was told that this was the normal look of the burger. If mom ever told me to say grace, now was the time. The meal turned out to be filling... Or I wasn't as hungry as I proclaimed to be. Previous service had always been rude, slacking, and non-existing. This visit, it was different. The waitress was friendly and attentive although she was working the whole dining area alone. There are TVs throughout the place, so you'll never miss the game. Also, you can try your hand at pool or sit and people watch. Nice place to regroup after a long day of work.
5	I love this place!! The food is 5 stars it's best and it's not even a fancy restaurant. I love the cheap drinks, atmosphere, staff and the fact that you get to watch them prepare your food in front of you
1	Wow..never thought there is a difference between dive bars and found out there is a big difference.  This place should be categorize as a shit bar instead of a dive bar! Called about 1:30 and ask about employment there and was told by some bitch working there said "no we are not hiring" and then with her stupid uneducated trailer trash bitch attitude ass added "if you are in the business,  you should know not to call during lunch!" Its 1:30, past lunch time "rush" and this bitch had to open her probably fat, pimple faced mouth and give this rude comment?! This was so uncalled for!!So I went in this shitty place to complain (so glad I did not applied at this nasty ass place-which I did not understand why anybody else did not smell or see how nasty this place really is!) and asked for the manager. This  nasty toothless so called"waitress" said he was bartending and was busy! I still spoke to this (piece of shit Is way too much nice of a word for this asshole!)manager and was treated again like a piece shit and he bitched me out saying "if you are not a customer, I don't have time for your shit and come back later!!" Well the only time I would come back to this shitty bar if I ever wanted a staff infection or hepatitis from the gross bathrooms! How can anybody eat at a place where the management treats anyone this way??!!  I would never eat here and wouldn't anyone else eat at this place!!
2	Its was Saturday night a few minutes before 12:00am and called to see if they were serving food. Was told we were 2 minutes late even though it advertised they are open till 1:00am. You would think Fridays and Saturdays they would serve till 1:00am. But a block up the street Applebee's is open for late night happy hour with half price appetizers and the place was busy. I like to patronize local business. But in this case Applebee's out did a old establishment
5	I have no idea why some of these people rate it so low. I discovered the Drummer about 6 weeks ago. It's clean, great food, & friendly people. The cook makes everything in front of you (If your sitting at the bar). Great drink specials, televisions everywhere, a juke box you can play from your phone (via an app), pool, darts, those stupid golf video games.....truthfully everything you want in a bar. Oh and if you go, get the wings and opt for them to be grilled too....holy smokes are they good. My one beef with the place, is they don't have the Boxing/UFC events. Hopefully that changes soon.Signed,A Double D Regular :)
5	Had a great happy hour at the Drummer recently.  Haven't been since we moved back to AZ three years ago, and never to this location.  The wings we had grilled, they were the best ever.  Crispy and perfect, I don't like over sauced wings.  The burger were just as I remembered, cooked in wine, not such a massive burger, just the right size for me.  Decent beer selection though this is not a craft beer hangout.  We will be back soon!
5	I love this place! Great service and delicious food! Try the grilled wings! My coworkers and I head here a lot for happy hour after work. They have pool and lots of Tvs to watch your favorite game!
5	I love this little place, I've heard they had a lot of problems with the old staff but since then have gotten some great people working. They have great wings, the bartender got me hooked on grilled teriyaki ....if you are going to get them pay the extra dollar to grill them totally worth it. I'll have to go back and try a burger they looked awesome and are cooked in wine
5	My brother and I make the trek from N Scottsdale to The Drummer almost every weekend.   Jesse makes the HOTTEST suicide grilled wings on the planet - we love 'em!  Service is great and the "regulars" are pretty friendly too.  Drink prices are good and there are plenty of TV's.  One of the better "dive bars" in the area.
4	A clean dive bar neatly disguised as a sports bar.  Its both really, plenty of sports on all of the 9 or 10 tvs and killer wings.  Hint-try em grilled.  Not the cheapest food, but beer/well prices are very decent plus they keep bottled beer in a big bin of ice.  Nice in the AZ heat!  The food is really good bar food, for a reasonable price.  Couple pool tables and golden tee game, plenty of nice booths, small patio out front and an entrance around back.  Parking is simple.  Good place to go for a few cold ones and a burger or some wings, day or night.  I almost forgot to mention, the kitchen is all right behind the bar, so you can see your food being prepared,  and in a good way.
