5	My mother is a member here and she wanted to come for a family dinner over the holidays.  They have completely remodeled this country club which was long overdue and it is so gorgeous now.   It is hard to put into words the transformation this place has undergone.  It does not look anything like it used to except for maybe the golf course and the parking lot.  Our server was young and was probably used to going through the motions of serving tables, but we were there to enjoy ourselves and have drinks and conversation... when we clued him into our intentions he was fine with that and very accommodating.  There was one minor incident where he spilled my cosmopolitan on my sisters fiance, but he handled it like a champ:).  We actually felt really bad for him because we know that is a servers worst nightmare... he was lucky that he did that to our table and not another club member... somehow i don't think they would have been as nice as we were.  Our food was very good and our server was a great guy too!  We had a great time at the Arizona Country Club.
4	The services was awesome and the food was good. Best of all was the view of the golf course and Camelback Mountain.
5	Great service, delicious food and an absolutely stunning view. This would be a great place to get married.
4	My parents are members, and have been for well over a decade.    This Country Club has recently (recently = a few years ago) had a facelift, and it sure is pretty.  The Clubhouse used to be small, and very dated but now it is a gorgeous, 2 story building, with a phenomenal view of Camelback Mountain and the pristine golf course.  I look forward to the renovations in the future for the tennis clubhouse and the pool area.  :)The service has ALWAYS been incredible.  A few of my favorites are:  Sherri at the Spa and Fitness areas, her adorable assistant and for the life of me I can't remember her name, Lisa in the dining room, and Brett the golf pro.  The fitness center is on the second floor, right next to the spa.  It overlooks the gorgeous course, so while you're running / etc....you have the best view.  The Spa is like that of a resort.  It's fabulous.  I've had facials and massages, and they're amazing.  There is also a little shop in the spa where I can find fun little gifts / trinkets.   There is also a place to get your nails done - which I love!  The challenging golf course is always in amazing shape.  The pool is fun for all ages.  There are cabanas, lounge areas, a huge swimming pool with a few lanes and a diving board, a kid pool, etc.  Sadly, there is no outdoor jacuzzi - but there are jacuzzi's (men's and women's) in the locker room area's, along with steam rooms and etc.  The tennis courts are nice, as well.  The restaurant is just gorgeous, and it is the perfect place for a wedding.  The food has never disappointed, and sometimes the chef will even make things from scratch for me, as I sometimes want something very light.  I could go on and on...There are MANY memberships available:  golf, tennis, social, etc.  I do not like how the club has recently become more relaxed on their attire policies, but you can't be too picky.    It's a fantastic, gorgeous and peaceful Country Club, and I enjoy it every time I visit home.  I hope my husband and I can join someday.
5	Top notch golf country club. The course is well maintained year round, the staff is friendly and helpful, they put on classy family friendly events, and all the facilities are kept clean and in working condition. Saturday morning bingo is surprisingly entertaining, especially when you win Magnums of Napa Valley wine ;)
5	One of the great old school Phoenix courses left! Tough as nails if you're not straight down the middle from the tips, AZCC will challenge all skill levels. Great food in the bar... excellent training facilities... top notch all the way.
4	An older course with large trees, this is a fun track to play.  The layout is pretty flat, you won't have to worry about driving over large ravines or having a long enough drive to clear problem areas.  The course is well kept and the facility is nice.  The outdoor patio is an excellent place to grab a drink and some food before/after your round.  The guest locker room and bathroom is pretty nice and more spacious than I expected.The golf course winds through old houses in Arcadia.  You'll see some nice, new homes and some that haven't been remodeled in many years.  Either way, I wouldn't mind owning one. As is the case with most country clubs, it's a laid back atmosphere with plenty of time between foursomes to enjoy your round.The greens are maintained well, but are not too fast.  For an older course, there are plenty of fairway bunkers, but not too many water hazards....just enough to keep you on your toes.  Overall, it's a fun course.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arizona-country-club-phoenix?select=R5zU7lZQf5ZdCbNqPW3eXA#xVvgEM-Q2OHt_WZHrFj90QReturn Factor - 80%
5	I love the fact that you can play golf in Phoenix and not have to worry about hitting out of the desert. The tree lined fairways remind me of playing in the Midwest which is nice in this part of the state.
