4	Gotta love this place. I discovered it about four weeks ago based on a recommendation from a co-worker. I was in the mood for a "good" deli, somewhere that treated the art of sandwich making seriously. I found it. Since my first visit, rest assured, I've eaten there about 18 times. Tried a few different things, but their calzones, pizza, sandwiches, pastries, pasta salads, and breads are all amazing. Unfortunately, they could really use some help on the customer service side. They've had a sign on the door since my first visit looking for help, but as you can imagine, good help is hard to find. Plus, you can't just hire anyone that could possibly treat the food as well as they do. It's obviously more than business at Belfiore's, it's passion..
4	pizza pizza!  I have never dined here, but have picked up pizza numerous times.  I like it a lot.  It's better than most other pizza and it's really close to my house.Belfiore has a restaurant on one side and a deli/bakery on the other,  the cannolis are really good too.  I have not tried the other treats but I plan to sometime soon ( as soon as I forget my new years resolution).
4	Awhile back, Belfiore's used to be called Amorosos & Sons -- a top-notch place to get New York style pizza and delicious Italian pastries. I don't think it is owned by the same people anymore, but it still has that NY Italian vibe and the pizza is still pretty good. You can order a regular crust pizza or Sicilian style. I'm not a big fan of thick-crust pizza, so we decided for the regular crust. It was a little greasy for my taste, but definitely better than what most pizza places serve. And, their cannolis are to die for! I recommend the ones dipped in chocolate. You can't get any more decadent than that! One last thing... expect to wait. Their pizzas are made to order, so it takes awhile to get served, and it can get pretty busy, so be patient (I will try to take my own advice on my next visit.).
4	The quality of the food is very good
4	This place was just down the street from my previous home, and we went there quite frequently. We never dined in the dining room, just got sandwiches, NY style pizza slices, calzones from the bakery/deli. The Italian cold sandwich is scrumptious! The calzones are some of the best I've ever had. I've only had the pizza by the slice, and it's really good. I love there Italian Wedding Soup, yum! The deli is a little run down, but we always found the people to be pleasant and they have a strong local following.
4	Thank you Yelp.com for helping my husband and I find this restaurant. I have been turning to Yelp more often when we run out of ideas for what to eat. It is amazing how important reviews are. I would give this place 3.75 stars, but since I have to round to the nearest star, 4 isn't to bad. The ambiance is simple, not to fancy. You enter into the front room which is a grocery and bakery and then to the left is the dining area. We started off with the fried ravioli's. They were kind of cold still in the middle, but that didn't stop us from finishing them. Husband had Chicken Parm, which he enjoyed and I had the Angel Hair with Meat Sauce. When I tell you the portions are huge, don't doubt it. I ate lunch for two days after as did my coworkers, with what I had left over. I would defiantly return. But maybe not rush back.
4	This is a hidden gem in North Central Phoenix.  It's a family owned restaurant that isn't much to look at from the outside (in a little strip mall) and isn't very fancy on the inside.  But what it lacks in decor it more than makes up for in taste. They make all their breads, desserts, pastas and sausage by hand.  It is some of the best Italian sausage and Tiramisu I've ever had in my life - and I've been to almost all the old Italian neighborhoods in the East Coast cities.  If you want "real" pizza like that from NY or Philly, this is the place to go.  I special order their hot Italian sausage every year for my Christmas party and serve that along with their sweet Italian sausage.  I also order their Tiramisu.  I get nothing but rave reviews from my guests every year.I would definitely recommend Belfiore to anyone looking for a simple but delicious Italian meal, pizza or dessert.
4	I seem to have been on a bit of an Italian kick lately.  I couldn't tell you what sparked it, but it's led to some really great discoveries as of late.  Belfiore's was one such lucky find.It seemed a little dark when my friend and I first arrived there.  It was a Sunday night, and my heart sank a bit thinking it might be closed.  Looking in, there was nary a diner in sight, but the door to the shop connected to the restaurant was open.  We stuck our head in and were quickly greeted and told we were simply the only ones there at present.A whole restaurant to ourselves?  Yes, please!As soon as we were seated, one of the best dining service experiences of my life began.  Our server was perfectly attentive, charming, and there just as often as she needed to be, no more.  I think since we were the only ones there, our carafe of Chianti was filled a little more full than it might have otherwise, but I'm not one to complain.So why only 4 stars?  The food was a mixed bag.  The salad was a small pile of iceberg lettuce, a tomato, and some radish.  Not that it needed to be fancy, but it was very underwhelming.  The mozzarella covered garlic bread, on the other hand, was surprisingly good.  There was some serious garlic love put into that bread, and we certainly left happily reeking of it.  The entree, gnocchi with Alfredo and broccoli, was strangely mixed too.  The gnocchi was overall, quite good, but the level at which it was cooked, varied too widely throughout the dish.  Too much of it was barely held together and mushy.  However, the sauce was excellent, and the broccoli was perfectly cooked, so I have to give it credit for that.If you like Italian food, this place is another great option.  It's a bit more traditional than some other places, but by no means really fancy.  Definitely worth a visit.
1	Ok, so  we just moved to this part of town and were REALLY craving some good Italian food! So we decided to turn to Yelp.... I am not sure WHAT or WHERE the people who have suggested this place as an acceptable place to eat Italian are used to, but it must be something akin to a cardboard box! We would have been better off at home with a jar of Prego and a box Barilla.  Our first sign of trouble should have been the lack of smells coming from the kitchen.  The restaurant side looked like someone's old converted office, poop brown walls, bright ceiling fans, plastic table cloths and no candles.... someone here mentioned ambiance, let me tell you there is NONE! First off the salad was flat, I mean LITERALLY FLAT, like it had had other plates of salad sitting on it all day.  The dressing was in a small plastic cup.  It 15 minutes to get a refill on our water, there were two other tables with people at them, both had already finished with their meals.  We ordered a cheese calzone and linguini w/ carbonara sauce.  What did we end up getting half an hour later? The calzone was cold in the middle and the carbonara looked like alfredo sauce with bacon on top... again not a hint of flavor! When the server finally asked how things were going, we asked about the sauce and was told that it was indeed alfredo sauce with pancetta and that they didn't cook with garlic because they had complaints of garlic in the food! Italian food without garlic is not Italian food! The topper was when we finally realized that the minimal dusting of parsley on the edge of the pasta dish was the dried stuff, which you can buy in bulk at Costco here's a hint Costco also sells pre crushed garlic! Bottom line is that I wouldn't suggest this batch of tripe to my worst enemy... sorry to seem harsh, but I have had better Italian at Olive Garden! Don't waste your time! Lousy food and service and beyond over priced!
4	We went to Belfiore's Restaurant last Friday hoping to find some really good italian food since we are native New Yorkers and nothing beats food from NY.  We have tried countless italian restaurants and some of them were terrible.  (even that really expensive deli/restaurant in Scottsdale!)We ordered the Chicken Parmagiana along with sauteed string beans and eggplant parmagiana with angel hair pasta.  My husband wanted his chicken parmagiana to have eggplant as well which is usually an up-charge.  The waitress checked with the chef and said it would not be an upcharge.  When the food arrived, we couldn't believe the portions.  Now for the taste.  My husband loved his dish (with the added eggplant) and the string beans were sauteed with garlic and toothsome.  My eggplant parmagiana and pasta were delicious and large enough that I took some of it home and was able to get two lunches out of it.The waitress was very attentive without being bothersome.  At the end of the meal, we walked out to their bakery dept (they have a deli and a bakery there) and ordered a linzer tart to go.  When I asked how much, the gentleman said, "it's on the house!"  Unreal.  Never happens anywhere else.  Needless to say, I'll be back.  Thank you to the chef and staff of Belfiore.
1	We came to Belfiore after my niece's dance recital. There was 6 of us and only on other couple in the restaurant. That's right. One. There was one waitress helping both of us. To me, that seems to be easy. I would imagine most servers would say that having only 2 parties to wait on would be cake. Apparently not for our server. She took so long to take our drink orders that the hostess wound up getting our drinks.From the time we sat down, to the time we got our food was one hour and 23 minutes. Yup. 83 minutes.My lunch size portion of spaghetti and meatballs was a good size and it was really good (be careful, the chili flakes are hot!), but I was annoyed that my order of spaghetti and meatballS had only one meatball.  Just one! And not even a big one at that.Really people??The bakery in front is quite good and it is the only thing that would bring me back to this place. Try the chocolate dipped cannolis!
4	Belfiore's has a huge menu and items are served in huge portions! I had the eggplant parm with a side of spaghetti, and it was definitely better than most. I was stuffed at the restaurant and stuffed the next day when I ate the leftovers. Their pizza is also pretty decent and an excellent, comparably priced alternate to the crap franchise chains in Phoenix.But, most importantly, their bakery is out of this world. Every single cookie is delicious and reminds me of childhood with Italian neighbors. They also make a variety of breads, and even make a few flavors of gellato. The cookies can be a little pricey if you pick "a couple of these and a couple of those," but every time the little pink box is empty at home, I'm already craving more.Belfiore's is perfect for family dining or date night. Though the restaurant itself isn't all that impressive, the staff is super friendly and is knowledgeable about each and every menu item. Go check it out!
4	Belfiore's Italian Ristorante is very good, authentic Italian. They have a very large menu and everything is made from scratch. Their food taste like they are from the "north east", which is where the very best American Italian food is made in the US.  When you walk in, you first see their bakery. Moma Mia! They have different types of cannoli's, biscotti's, cheese cakes, tortelli's, panna cotta's, all kinds of wonderful Italian deserts. They have a quick dinning area for lunch. You can order a lot of single items ala carte for eat in or take out. They have a dinning area in the back for larger lunch crowds and dinner. This is not a fine dinning restorante, so there are no frills and is a very basic dinner, but great food at reasonable prices.I highly recommend their penne pasta and shrimp with vodka sauce.  Any pasta with their vodka sauce is recommended. They have the best vodka sauce I've found in the Phoenix market. Get a side of their home made sausages, yum. Their salads are a bit "cheesy" but again, it's not fine dinning. There service can be a bit slow sometimes but they are very friendly. This is a place I recommend to my friends when they are looking for really good Italian at a reasonable price.  I think you would enjoy, so try it.
5	I went to BelFiore's again today.  We had the most amazing meal that i have ever had in any Phoenix/Scottsdale Italian restaurant.  There, I said it!!!!!!!The eggplant was as delicious as delicious can be.  The chicken parmagiana with eggplant on it (special request) was fabulous.  (Although it took a little coaxing to get the cook to add the eggplant).  Donna the waitress was able to get our order through as we wanted it.  Thanks, Donna!  They gave us a generous portion of  bread rolls that had a great texture and came out hot although the inside of the rolls were still cold. The side salads that came with the dinner were just iceberg lettuce with a couple of thin slices of tomato.  I think the owner should rethink the iceberg lettuce or give customers the opportunity to upgrade the salad to mixed greens.  Despite the undesirable salad, Bel Fiore is forgiven because the food was stupendously good. There was a birthday group and a number of couples tonight.  What I don't understand is why there isn't a line outside the door waiting to get in?!
2	After reading reviews on Yelp my husband and I decided to try this place. We took our son and a guest who was visiting from Columbia. Let me just get down to it- The good, the bad and the ugly....The good-Very large portions- if we had liked the food we would have had leftovers for daysThe Bakery- That was attached to the restaurant was very (VERY) good- keep in mind the prices are a tad on the expensive side. So, expect excellent baked goods for a high price.The BadThere was only one word for the service and it wasn't good.... Altogether there were two waitresses serving both the bakery and the restaurant. They had two other tables when we arrived and a total of six when we left. Numerous times I had to ask for a refill on my drink, for some dressing, etc. It took a while to get our check even after asking for it. And... The UglyThey didn't have any type of "kids" menu... nor did they have Mac and Cheese! No Mac and Cheese? Throw some pasta on and put some cheese on it! If this is a from scratch type of restaurant make some Mac and Cheese from scratch!The restaurant itself was a hole-in-the-wall type place and looked it. I could have overlooked this had the food been good.The foodMy husband was shocked they had clam chowder on the menu- if you have seen my earlier reviews you know he is a sucker for good chowder. So he asked the waitress if it was homemade. She said yes- After one bite- my husband says "no way"- It was Campbell's Soup all the way!We had Chicken Parmigiana, Lasagna and Spaghetti.  All were just fair. Nothing to write home about! Again large portions, but not anything I wanted to reheat and eat!
5	Killer Pizza and great italian food. Friendly people. Thrill your taste buds!!!
5	This place is one of those "blink and you miss it" places. But the food is fantastic. I would not recommend their dining room, as I find the service rather slow. Which is why we often order our food takeout. The calzone's are our favorite and we end up with leftover for a few night. The breads and red sauce are fantastic! Very authentic.
4	This place is awesome!
3	When we first moved here from NJ we had a hard time finding good pizza.  We would ask neighbors(from Minnesota and Michigan) where we could get good pizza and they would recommend places. We would go and it took us a lot of trail and error to figure out that people from the Midwest don't know what good pizza is supposed to taste like.  After a lot of trail and error we found Belfiore's .  The first time we went here it was amazing.  The owners were from the Bronx and knew how to make pizza and Italian food.  Not long after it was sold to a younger couple. They kept to the original recipe's and traditions.  So for a while it was great.  I have noticed a steady downward spiral since then.  I still prefer their pizza to any of the surrounding pizzeria's but they are starting to get sloppy and lazy.  They slices are getting smaller and blander.    I still have hope for Belfieore's .  It's worth a shot.
3	This is a small, I believe family owned, Italian restaurant. The food it served in large portions. The salads they serve with the meal is about a handful of lettuce and a tomato wedge. It leave a little to be desired. I have had the chicken parmesan and the fettuccine alfredo. Both were decent, but nothing to brag about. I have never left without having some uneaten portion to take home. The pizza is probably the best thing that they serve. I would recommend it to a friend.
3	I've had the sandwiches  + pizza + pastries in the deli portion, I've also been in the sit-down side of things.  Both were A-ok.  Nothing spectacular or amazing, just good.  I like the fact they always have at least 4/5 different pizzas ready to go. Also, I enjoy the sandwiches but don't like the frozen spinach that's used.  The pastries are probably the best thing there.  In the sit-down portion the pastas were large and filling, albeit not extremely flavorful. The service was nothing to brag about, the calamari was pretty good.
3	Bottom Line: This place is strictly for fresh pies (PIZZA PIES for all you non-eastcoasters).  If you catch the kitchen on a good day, you may get lucky and have a good meatball parmesan hero (sub).  And the fresh Italian bread to make heros is really good.  But for the most part, we stick strictly to whats under the glass.I laughed at a reviewer who complained their wasn't a "childrens menu" with mac and cheese.  You went to eat at an Italian Restaurant run by New Yorkers.  I never heard of a childrens menu in NY unless it was a chain restaurant.  If you take your kid to a pizzeria, it's to eat pizza, not mac and cheese, chicken fingers, or grilled cheese. But I will agree that a lot of the food is NOT fresh.  The chicken cutlets are definitely frozen.  I'm from NY and this is probably one of the 2 best places in Phx to get a good slice.  Order a fresh pie, it's better right out the oven.....and remember AZ, for a real NY experience, put down the knife and fork, fold your slice, shake a little garlic on it,  and forget about ranch for dipping........eeeeeew :)
2	We have been going here for years and it really depends on what you order.  Pizza is very good but some entrees are not. Tonight I ordered pasta with red clam sauce.  It tasted spoiled, probably canned clams.  I asked for another entree and the waitress said the were backed up in the kitechen and did I want to eat it anyway??  So I just had the green beans.  She took the meal off the bill but said she would still charge me for the beans?? With no dinner.  Obviously there is a lack of management here.
4	Stopped in here briefly two Saturday's ago and was in need of some quick food for the road to get back to SD. Got the Sicilian Pizza, and the crust was very good. And also got several of these ham & onion rolls. These rolls were so good, I was talking about them for days. I even called them back only to find out that they were a speciality that they offer on Saturday's. The ladies were very nice as well!
3	Stopped in last night and used a groupon for a meal for two.  Now this meal really was for about 6 as the portions are just HUUUUUUUUUUUUGE.  The food was good nothing that blew me away but it was good.  The portion size for the price is what really makes this place shine.  We had the Fried Calamari for starters which alone is a meal for one.  Then they brought us out each a salad which was just a basic salad.  Next came entrees I had the shrimp in vodka sauce which as other reviewers stated was very good lots of flavor.  The shrimp were cooked just right.  Ema had the Chicken Cutlet Parmigana which she got about halfway through as it was a huge portion.  I only got about a third through my pasta.  Last it was dessert time which we took a chocolate dipped eclair home as no way any more food was being put in our bodies.  Overall it's a nice casual spot for dinner.  I will probably be back but next time to just share an entree as that's all you really need.
4	Excellent food & service
5	WOW WOW WOW! amazing! i stopped in for the first time today and ordered the Chicken Marinera Hoagie, it was simply amazing!!!Great food, authentic!!!
4	A group of us went to Belfiore's on a Friday night to use a Groupon I had purchased. I had never heard of this place before, but after eating there I'm a big fan!! The food is awesome, but the portions are HUMUNGUS! You could easily share an entree between two adults and a toddler :-) We took over half our food home but no complaints there! The service was another story - slow slow slow, and the waitress forgot to bring us our drink refills. She appologized as apparentley was on the new side. All together we spent 2 hours there which I thought was on the long side especially for a smaller restaurant. Probably won't return on a weekend night, but will definitely go back during the week or for lunch. We had the motzerella/tomato/roasted red pepper appetizer and it was amazing! Fresh house made motzerella - YUM. The group had the carbonara, chicken picata, baked ziti and pasta maranara, all delicious! Their maranara sauce is delicious and made in house. The desert/bakery case looked amazing, but just didn't have room. Will definitely be back to split an entree and partake of a cannoli next time :-D
2	My husband and I were here for a wine tasting groupon but we decided to go early to get dinner.  The place itself is a little run down and not very clean.We ordered the cheese plate which was pretty much huge chunks of cheese and some not so fresh prosciutto.  The plate left us searching the table for some crackers or bread to eat it with.  The waitress eventually brought out some bread rolls, which happen to be the highlight of the entire dinner.My husband ordered the fresh pasta with shrimp and pesto sauce- there was no pesto sauce just oil.  The pasta and the shrimp were fresh, but the dish was too oily for him and he was only able to eat the top 1/3 of the dish.  I had the penne alforno, which was the better of the two dishes we ordered.  It was bland but adding the cheese chucks from the cheese plate helped out the flavor. We are somewhat of coffee snobs (we understand what true Italian coffee is) and the espresso and cappuccino we ordered tasted like they put Folgers Classic though the espresso machine.  The desserts were nice. If we lived closer to the the Ristorante we would try the pizza and subs that other reviewers raved about. The staff did seem very nice and we were greeted before we even walked in the door.
2	I was really disappointed.  We were in on a Tuesday night.  Service was friendly but very SLOW.  They "forgot" lots of things.  We received our side item when we were almost finished with our entree.  Food was OK but WAY OVERPRICED for quality of the meal.  I won't likely go again.
3	We ate here with a large group on a Friday and it was good we had made reservations as the dinning area filled up quick. The deli/ bakery looked like it had x lot of great food to try and I would definitely come back to do so.The dinning area is a bit bland and decor is not worth mentioning. The staff was nice    enough and kept waters topped. After everyone had ordered we did have a bit of a wait to get the food. Rather than bring it all at once they on roughy out one to two plates at a time so we ended up waiting till every received there food to eat.The portions are more than enough to split dishes and are suited for family style eating. Overall most everyone liked their food. The pasta dishes ran on the salty side because of the sauce. I think the pizza was decent and worth ordering. Some of the dishes were on the high side especially for pasta. For the location it is a good option for family meals but I would not recommend it if you are looking for fine dinning or a date.
3	Food is decent. I've tried their pastries and enjoyed them. I had an open baked veggie roll the other day and it was enough to get me by till dinner. It's not a place I would go because I'm craving something on their menu.
4	The food is definitely five stars. Big portions and top quality. Their chicken dishes are especially delicious! I only gave 4 stars though because it could use at least a little brightening up inside. The decor and tables do not reflect the menu very well. I don't mind it myself, at least it's always clean, but if I were to go on a first date, unfortunately this is probably not the place I would go. Either way, I'm a huge fan and my mouth is watering just thinking about the chicken parm! Great service too.
4	New York style pizza by the slice. Yum yum! This place is reasonably priced, has good service and quality ingredients. They also have an awesome bakery. The atmosphere isn't the greatest, but the food is well worth a visit. Too bad they don't deliver!
1	My boyfriend and I are house sitting in the area and were in the mood for Italian food the other night.  Belfiore's had decent reviews, so we figured what the heck.  What the heck, indeed.  Although the bakery side was modest and somewhat welcoming, the restaurant side looks like it used to be a Kyoto Bowl with some Italian art thrown on the wall. It was right around 8pm on Saturday night when we showed up, and there were 3 other tables with guests.   Despite the low number of other patrons, our waitress - although sweet - forgot we were there after she served our drinks.I wasn't very hungry, and all I wanted was something along the lines of a capellini pomodoro with fresh tomato chunks, basil and garlic.  The closest they had was tomato sauce.  I should point out here that it was my boyfriend who found Belfiore's on Yelp, so I hadn't read the reviews and had no idea that their portions were so huge.  It was like they had taken an entire box of pasta, cooked it, and scooped it on my plate and then opened a can of tomato sauce and dumped it on top.  I really don't know how one can possibly screw up the easiest dish on the menu, but Belfiore's found a way.  I could barely eat it.  They could easily cut that dish in half, keep the price the same ($10) and add fresh tomatoes and basil and still make a good profit.  Their portions do nothing but add to the ever-increasing American waistline.My boyfriend's dish fared better - penne with vodka sauce and shrimp - although the shrimp was overcooked.The salads that came with our meal were clearly prepped in advance on the plates, wrapped in saran wrap and stacked on top of each other.  The only thing I liked was the roll.
4	The food was good. The quantities were enormous.  You are not going to go hungry here.  We at here one Sunday evening and had a nice quiet meal.  The waitress tipped the wine bottle over a spilled some wine, so she brought us a free glass to compensate. That was nice.We picked up some cookies and pastries on the way out.  Delicious.  We will definitely return.
4	Belfiore's is my choice for some of the best Italian in The Valley. As an NYC ex-pat (I moved to Phoenix in '96), I am VERY judgmental about pizza, calzones, and canoli especially. All good at Belfiore's!
2	FIRST:  do the owners of this place not read their Yelp reviews?  All of the complaints in my review have been stated in other reviews, going back years!  come on!Ugh.  I should have heeded the reviews.  I don't want to completely bash this place, but I want to be honest about our first visit.  I am willing to go back and try their pizza and baked treats, but I definitely will never return to dine in the "dining room" side again!   The first area you enter is fine, clean, inviting, beautiful pastries and deli case.  But then when you pass through into the dining room, it's like...OMG...It is DEPRESSING.  Even if the food had been excellent, forget it.  Other reviewers have mentioned the lack of decor.  "Lack" is an understatement.  If you just want a place to sit your butt, get some food, and eat,  this is fine.  But it is NOT  a place for a date night or even an inviting place for families.  It's a cold, cavernous, dark, dreary, cheap atmosphere.  Why have such a "fancy" menu if the place is a tomb?I should have just ordered a pizza, but I was in the mood for pasta and had wanted to try this place, support the locals, etc.  Service, as already mentioned in other reviews, is pretty awful.  Our waitress forgot our beers until we reminded her.  Our plates came out at different times.  My husband and I believe it is rude to start eating until everyone has received their food, but this was really ridiculous.  Finally we just started sharing his calzone until my pasta came out.  He did like the calzone, and so did I.  It tasted exactly like a pizza!  He raved about the freshness of the cheese.  I ordered the marinara/garlic sauce.  When my pasta finally arrived, it was insane HOW MUCH pasta there was.  Immediate leftover portions.  It was hot...actually, way too hot.  The sauce did not excite me, so it's like, "Great, I have leftovers...that I don't want to eat."  but for $10, I will say that is a bargain.  But you can share this much pasta with 2 or 3 other people.  It just seemed like they have no idea how to run a restaurant, like having diners in that room is just a pain for them.  We joked about how they should be on one of those "Restaurant Stakeout" or "Restaurant Impossible" reality shows.  I'm sure the food is great, maybe if I had ordered a different pasta (like the vodka sauce everybody else raved about?)  but you couldn't pay me to sit in that dreary environment again.  We also joked that it seems like somebody's grandma is back in the kitchen, cooking everything on her own.  Other tables were experiencing the same "random" plate delivery. We will try again with a take-out pizza, since the take-out counter seemed to be brisk, and the baked treats are tempting.  But for this review, I was very disappointed.
5	Two words:Chicken Piccata!
4	I love this place. Great value. Even in the Entertainment book. Service is good as well. I recommend.
4	By now you know I'm a fan....   Went there Saturday night and there were about 4 tables filled out of the whole dining room (Memorial Day Weekend) which has about 13 or 14 tables. Upon entering, the waitress told us to have a seat.  I spotted a table on my left which was already set up with place settings and approached the table.  The waitress then said," not there--we are seating by sections."  Sections?  I never knew there were sections and I've eaten here many, many times  There were people seated in that  so called "section" but we humbly moved along.  She directed us to an unset table in front of their toilet door.  If the table were any closer to the toilet door, people using the toilet would have had to say excuse me before entering.  Comically, or maybe not so much, a few of the patrons asked us if there was anyone using the bathroom before entering.  My husband asked me if we were bathroom monitors and commented that in his days as a junior high school teacher in a raucous neighborhood part of his teaching program included bathroom duty where he was required to sit outside the boys' bathroom (with another teacher in case of big trouble) for one period a day.  "Am I a bathroom monitor again?" he asked.  "No darling", I said.  "You are a senior citizen doing volunteer work as a bathroom monitor."  "At the next restaurant we go to, I will demand that you are given a higher position."  Our food came and as is typical of BelFiore --delicious and plentiful.  He: Eggplant & chicken cutlet with pasta.  Me: Shrimp Parmagiana & pasta--shrimp delightfully not overcooked.  Salads were simple with iceberg lettuce but they were included with the dinner; some places give you nothing.  The waitress (the one with tattoos-can't remember her name, sorry) gave us good service other than the fact that she sent us to "the toilet table."  May I recommend to BelFiore's management that they move that table away from the toilet area?  They have plenty of room in that vast dining area!   My greatest fear was that a diner with an upset stomach would use the toilet and share his/her upset stomach with us while we were trying to enjoy our dinners.  Fortunately, that didn't happen---- the power of Prayer! Belfiore, you know I have to deduct a star for making my husband a bathroom monitor.  You get 4 stars for the rest.
3	The food is heavy here, my wife and I like to stop by here to purchase their raw pizza dough instead.It keeps really well. Usually only lasts in our house about 3 days, but there are so many different things you can use it for/with.We've had their sandwiches here a bunch. LOTS and LOTS of cheese on it. Definitely a place you only want to come to on your cheat days for your diet.and if you aren't dieting you can go more.
4	Thee BEST cannoli's youre gonna find in this state!! I love that theyre crunchy when you bite into them, not like some of the others ive found varying from places like a grocery store bakery and even a fancy itialian restaurant where the shell is soggy, ughh.  Belfiore also has mini sized cannoli's that are about half the size of a regular cannoli and are great for portion control lol!  Ive seen them here in a variety such as white chocolate dipped shells, milk chocolate dipped shells and the traditional powder sugar dusted,, with that perfectly blended filling.. theyre ALL delicious!  Its also a family owned mom and pop joint which I am always in favor of supporting. Ive had just about every bakery item they sell and nothing has ever disappointed. From the pignolis to the rainbow cookies to the lobster tails, your sweet tooth will be pleased everytime!
5	The BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!  You must try the CALZONE it's delicious & HUGE!!!! The pasta sauces are home made & taste amazing. You must try the pasta with vodka sauce or pasta with Marinara Sauce (it's all super fresh).  Very nice staff, super friendly they make you feel like family ( very warm atmosphere) . It's easily in my top 3 Italian restaurants I have ever been to. It's casual dinning & laid back. Save room for dessert, very nice assortment of authentic Italian cookies & desserts.
2	Our Saturday evening visit to my favorite restaurant was NOT the same.  The food and  particularly the marinara sauce which accompanied most of our dishes was not the same delicious, perfect sauce that we have had in the past.  The meatballs in the spaghetti and meatballs were about 40% bread crumbs. Terrible mealy taste. My husband's chicken was over done.  Sorry, but I have to weigh in my disappointment.  I surmise that one of the chefs was on vacation and someone was substituting.  Let's not make this change permanent because it is not going to work out.On the other hand, our waitress Chris did a great job  taking care of us.  It's nice to see someone personable and efficient on the job.  Thanks Chris.  And I did notice some decor was put on the walls probably to assuage Yelpers who have complained about the "non-atmosphere" and the lack of decor.  Frankly, I don't care about the decor one way or the other--- I don't eat decor!   But messing with my food...that's another thing.  Come on Bel Fiore.... you know I'm a steady here and you disappointed me tonight....and on a Saturday night??  You should be on your best game.   Am I going to give you another shot??? maybe but not so soon.  I hope that when the summer months are over, they will get back to what they used to be.
5	Best Sicilian pizza in Phoenix.  From a Brooklyn nativeRegular pie is good tooNot a fancy restaurant, but the place is the real deal.
4	Great food, made from scratch and good, honest staff. Bakery is authentic and it's a great spot to stop in and get a slice of pizza on the go.  The ambiance is unmemorable but don't get caught up in that.  If you want a good authentic meal, eat at Belfiore. If you want cheesy ambiance, go to the place with the Pope room. ;)
5	I enjoyed a very tasty Italian cold cut sandwich today for lunch.  The meat was portioned well, and the bread was perfect. Will eat here again.
5	We picked this place due to the restaurant.com deal - trying to get out of our rut and do something new.  We were so very pleased.  The food was wonderful and the service was very personal.  We had a great time and can't wait to go back.  Next time we will bring something home from the bakery side.
1	Located in a strip mall, nothing fancy. Very outdated decor.  Rude staff with extremely  inefficient service.  Food was good when we finally received it.  Our food didn't come out together and our party had to wait for one another to finish eating.  Soup came after our entrees were delivered to the table.  Definitely do not recommend as female waitress was "hitting on" the female guest at my table.  Very inappropriate.
4	Enjoyed finding this restaurant thanks to an Entertainment book coupon.I had baked ziti with a side of meatballs and enjoyed it all very much.  The quantity was enough for dinner 3 nights in a row.  Service was extremely friendly.  When I went to peek at the bakery, I decided to pick out one cookie to try so the server gave it to me on the house.  It was delicious.  There is also a small deli area where I noticed they sold Ricotta Salata--it's not always easy to find.  The last purchase was from Whole Foods and it lacked flavor so I'm looking forward to the day I need it again so I can try Belfiore's.
3	Love hate relationship with this place.  The pizza is great, the lunch special is an awesome deal.  They have some good items on the menu and the portions are large, but the dinner prices are extreme for the quality of food...and the service is AWFUL!  If you are charging those prices, you really need to hire better staff to make the experience match.  What really drives me crazy is the no free refills.  I managed a restaurant for 5 years.  The cost for restaurants in this area is literally pennies on the dollar. That is why many restaurants and chains switched to "free refills" without worrying one bit about their bottom line. These items cost the restaurant between 5 cents and 20 cents per serving. Keep that in mind the next time you want to order a $2.50 Coke. Soda is so cheap that paper cups, when used, represent a bigger expense than the soda itself.  To charge extra for refills when the cups are fairly small to begin with and half filled with ice is just nickle and diming your customers.  The bakery has severely gone down in quality over the years.
5	I have always had good experiences here. I love the specialties and the pizza but the pastries are where it's at. My favorite one is the lobster tail with cannoli filling. We went with a group a year or so ago after a friends graduation and the food was good and the environment is more on the casual side.
2	We really hoped this would be a great little Italian gem in our neighborhood.  I was underwhelmed.  I went with my husband and two friends, one who was celebrating her birthday.  We had reservations for 7:00 pm but they did not have a table ready.  They had to open a back room for us, an area that felt like a banquet hall.  Very basic, too bright, no ambiance at all.  The prices are ridiculous for some items on the menu.  $19.00 for fettuccine alfredo with chicken.  I will say the portion was huge and pretty tasty but Olive Garden has the same for less.  My friend wanted to change the sauce on the side of pasta that came with her meal and they wanted to charge $6.50 for a different sauce.  SIX FIFTY?!?!?!  They also lost points for not having fresh parmesan to grate at the table.Our waitress was very gracious and tried her best to keep my friends happy.  It was a futile effort.  She gets an A for trying her hardest and she was very nice.  I have mixed emotions about this place but I probably won't be back because of the prices.  Especially $6.50 for a sauce change.
2	Pros-cute old-style Italian mom & pop restauranthas a deli area with Italian desserts, fresh pizza, and meat/cheesehad like 3 servers attending us to get drinks and napkins etchuge portions like 3 days worthCons--decor is dated and really needs an update inside with music, better furniture, lighting etc..-service is really slow with cooks taking forever taking like 30 min on appetizer and meals-expensive food need to bring down the price esp on the food that is sucky tasting-BIGGEST CON:food is hit or miss (for instance the wings were dry and not hot or with much sauce on them, my dinner and my friends dinner were gross-I got spaghetti with meat sauce and she had chicken with peppers we both didn't finish yucky food-didnt even look good, but my fiance and his friend's dinner were delicious-veal parmisian and cavaTELLI with alfredo sauce) I really was disappointed b/c i was expecting a delicious home made Italian meat sauce with fresh tasting herbs like my family makes and it was nasty like jar tasting with mushy linguine however I've never had cavatelli before and it was delcious and so was the alfredo sauce on my fiance dishwould I go back? prob not if I did I would makes sure not in a hurry to go anywhere and ask server what's good or stick with alfredo sauce not to make same mistake with gross food again
2	Pizza is fairly good however the service is terrible. I've currently been waiting in line for over 15 minutes with only 3 people in front of me. On top of that they charge for refills...If u want good service go right across the street to johnnies pizza. They have even better pizza and great service!
2	Found this restaurant through restaurant.com. We started off with a salad made with bagged lettuce . I had the Chicken Marsala, the flavor was decent, but the sauce was very watery. My husband had the ravioli and it was very bland . Honestly, most frozen ravioli is better than this stuff. The decor was also pretty out dated and needs to be updated.The service was good, but we won't be returning.
5	VEGETARIAN DISHES are tasty!Cheese ravioli, manicotti, and cheese pizza are all excellent dishes.They have the best pizza. Belfiore is also a bakery so the pizza dough is perfection!Beverly is the sweetest waitress ever! She makes you feel like family.Tiramisu is a tasty dessert.
3	We came back to see how Belfiore's food was doing.  After all this was a place that we adored in the past but the last time we went there, it was less than stellar if you read my past review.  We had a waitress that we hadn't met before, Heather who put in our order of Shrimp parmagiana which came with a salad and pasta.  That's just one of the great things about Belfiore.  They give you a nice,fresh salad with your meal while other restaurants charge.  They also give you a nice bread basket with bread made right on the premises.  They have no problem refilling it either.  Nice touch.Hubby had his usual eggplant and chicken with marinara sauce (no cheese).  He is watching his svelt figure so he had broccoli as a side dish.   We also ordered a carafe of Cianti which was delightful.  My shrimp parmagiana came with 6 shrimp and melted mozzarella cheese and a red sauce.  I totally enjoyed it, but couldn't finish it.  Did I say they give big portions? They do.  Hubby's chicken/eggplant dish was perfectly cooked and the broccoli was to die for.  How could I say that about broccoli? Well, it had a wonderful garlicky flavor, it was not underdone--it was not overdone (not mushy).  I don't know how they did that but it was probably the best broccoli I have ever tasted.  Since hubby shared his broccoli with me and he was eyeing my pasta side dish (rigatoni), I let him taste it.  He liked it but found the sauce to be more vinegary than he likes.  Sometimes sauces can be too sweet or they can be vinegary.  I add carrots to the sauce to take the edge off the acidity of the tomatoes and then I remove them from the sauce (free tip to all you cooks!).  I agreed that the sauce was a touch vinegary but it didn't keep me from eating it.   I took a doggy bag of my leftover shrimp and pasta and I will confess it is totally gone.  What a good lunch I had with it.  Heather gave us good service.  Everything was on point.   On our way out, we decided to buy something from Belfiore's bakery.  They have a bakery, you know.  One of our favorite waitresses, Chris, served us there.  She is always so welcoming and sweet.  She even stopped by our table to say hello.  We got one large brownie and one tiramisu.  When we got home, I tasted a bit of each and while the brownie was very good the tiramisu was to die for.  I was licking the paper it was wrapped in... nothing was going to waste!  Next time I'll buy more.  We had a good dinner there and will definitely be back.
3	Service here was very nice. The bread they brought out was excellent. The salad was a nice touch but mainly iceburg lettuce and a plastic cup of salad dressing. The waitress made a recommendation but didnt mention it takes longer to cook than other dishes. I think i sat waiting for 15 mins before she alerted me to this fact. The veal was good but not outstanding. Overpriced imo for what you get. Beer menu limited. Also grabbed a pastry on my way out which was the best part.
4	Belfiore has become one of my favorite local Italian joints to frequent. The food is always amazing and the dishes are large enough to eat family style which makes it that much more affordable.  The reason I rated them a 4 star instead of a 5 is because of the lack of consistency in good service.  Most of the time, it's wonderful, but there have been times when they are understaffed, and the flow of service seems  discombobulated and hectic.  If you're looking for great, local Italian food, this is definitely the place for you.  If the girls seem overly busy, just breath and be patient--after all, they are running not only the restaurant, but the deli/bakery portion of the building too.
4	The food was very good - we all needed doggy bags!  Service was fast and friendly. Would definitely come back!
5	Friendly staff. Yummy pizza and calzones. Spurge on the chicken sorrento ... Chicken, ham, eggplant, cheese. Yum!
4	Belfiore is now Closed. I went today with a friend for lunch and we were so sad to see that there is a sign that after 10 years they have had to close. We loved their baked goods and the lunch specials. So sorry to see you leave, Belfiore!
5	This is our favorite local Italian place. The neighborhood and ambiance is not much but the food is outstanding. We always enjoy our meal and the portions are so large that we usually leave with lots of leftovers. Service is also very friendly and nice. We have recommended many friends and family to this place.
5	I grew up in the Bronx...as the owners....I was so excited...and the food did not disappoint me...I want to try everything on the menu....because what I ate was fabulous! The service was the best!
4	Great white pizza.Great regular slices. NY style rainbow cookies and black and white cookies.as close to NY pizza as you'll get in Phoenix or anywhere near Phoenix.Too bad they can't import NYC water for the dough. Very good bread too. It DOES look like a place you'd find on Staten Island or in Brooklyn. What's wrong with that!? Service is great. They are just busy and from New York. They aren't going to be fake to you but once you know them, they've got your back.
