2	They're okay with training, but not very accommodating.  My two dogs were enrolled in an agility class and on the 2nd week I went into pre-term labor.  Dog's Best Friend was unwilling to allow us to attend any future classes - we didn't want a refund - we just wanted an opportunity to fulfill our training.  I was very disappointed.
5	Great classes.  The instructors are very knowledgeable and great with dogs (and people).  We did Puppy I, Puppy II, and Intermediate classes (all at the Happy Dogz Middleton location) and we'll do more in the future.  The classes were really helpful and they were fun too.
5	I'm surprised @ KV's review as I've always found them very accommodating.  I just finished family dog training for the third time (three different dogs).  This is as much a "people training" class that follows Patricia McConnell's book Family Friendly Dog Training.  I believe Mrs. McConnell started the company and later sold it an employee, but her expertise is still there- she is a PhD in zoology and adjunct prof at UW-Madison. The trainers were always available after class for individual questions and in our class of 8 (or was it 10?) there were two trainers so you got a lot of one-on-one attention.  They are highly-qualified teachers and as expected dog owners and lovers. I like that they offer the sessions in a location convenient for you - we took the class at the same facility that the dog attends day care so it was a familiar setting. The best part about the puppy class is that before class they get to play and work off some energy.  Note that in the 5 mo+ class they don't -- it was explained that as the dogs age they get pickier about play (who, how, etc). With my first dog I took multiple classes (puppy, puppy II and agility) but dogs #2 and #3 came after children so I haven't been back beyond the basic class -- although I am very interested in their scent work class.  If I could teach the dog to find the remote I think it would greatly improve my marriage!
5	From Aimee's help in finding a breeder to her personally helping us pick out a puppy, DBF ha been there every step of the way!  We just completed puppy kindergarten with Shannon and I cannot say enough good things!   Knowledgeable, friendly and a genuine love for dogs that you can see and feel.  We adore our new standard poodle puppy!  Thanks DBF!
5	I've had a fabulous experience with Dog's Best Friend. I am nearing the end of my first set of puppy classes, and Spanky has been very well trained. After six weeks, I can honestly say I don't know what I would have without done without the knowledge and experience I have gained. Aimee has been nothing but the best, always willing to work things out and collaborate with you. My mom trained dogs for 15 years, and joined me for a session. She was nothing short of fully impressed with the staff. I would recommend Dog's Best Friend to anyone looking for top quality dog services!
5	I would (and have) recommend Dog's Best Friend to anyone looking for dog training, although I would also say their classes are more about training humans how to understand our furry companions and be the best owners we can for them. We took our first dog to Puppy I and II, and their Intermediate level class. Our trainer was wonderful and knowledgeable, and she was willing to answer any questions we had along the way. We were able to use the skills we learned to continue training Sam on our own and eventually a second dog with some behavioral issues which we rescued. I've found that I often use the same skills when being introduced to a new dog, and I've been able to pass on or demonstrate helpful tips to friends and family thanks to these classes.All of their training courses are based on the work of Dr. Patricia McConnell, who is an animal behaviorist whose expertise is with dogs. They use a reward based system, believing that being the "source of all good things" is a better motivator for your dog than fear and builds a healthier, happier bond between you and your dog. Puppy I and II follow the pace of a puppy's development and ability to focus so they don't become overwhelmed. Both classes include a break in the middle of class called "puppy playtime" which offers structured socialization and allows the opportunity to teach owners how to read the body language of dogs when they interact. We learned how to break two dogs apart safely in the case of altercation and were able to practice drawing our dogs attention while they were distracted by the sights, smells and excitement of being outside with other dogs during playtime. I believe this socialization is extremely important and is a large part of why our dog has never had a problem with any other dog he's met since. It was amazing to see how quickly our puppy could pick up on new things once we knew what to do.  In the intermediate class there was no more playtime because the dogs were able to focus more, so we got to work on things they needed to know when visitors come over (no jumping) or out and about on-leash (heel) or at the dog park (consistent recall).While we didn't attend any other classes, they do offer agility training, trick classes and classes specific to adult dogs who may have some behavioral problems. They welcome the whole family to participate so everyone is on the same training page; we had a handful of kids involved in our classes which I think was great. They offer in-home services and were always happy to answer specific questions. I think anyone with a puppy should consider Dog's Best Friend and I will continue to recommend them without hesitation whenever someone mentions training. This was some of the best time and money I've ever invested, and I do believe that my relationship with my dogs is better than it could ever have been if I hadn't been "trained" through these classes.
5	I've had a behavior consult with our reactive dog (who has since passed away) and done puppy classes and specialty classes with our other dog.  All of the trainers have been great, very knowledgeable and gave individualized instruction.  They were flexible when a class didn't work out, and we were able to take a different class instead.  We're continuing on with Nosework just for fun!
