5	My husband and I went there for our Anniversary and it was perfect!It's so European quaint!  The food was superb and one of the best white wines I've ever had.  Service was impeccable and although it's small we didn't feel rushed to make room for the next sitting.  Make a reservation and enjoy a special night with your special someone!Lauren W.
5	Amazing place -- went there for lunch when it dawned on my that for $9 I could get an amazing mushroom burger with salad instead of playing $7.50  for an ordinary bagel sandwich across the street. Salmon salad is great as is the risotto. Very sweet and friendly waitress. Great ambiance. I'll be back
4	Grade: B-Great food but a very loud place. I prefer not to shout during dinner.
4	This is a quality seafood restaurant housed in what for decades was an oyster/shellfish market. I know what you are thinking....seafood, in WISCONSIN?? But let me tell you - all their fish is fresh, and come on folks, even in the Bay Area, if you eat seafood, most of it was frozen at one point, and much of it is shipped from somewhere else. Don't think just because some of you live near the Pacific Ocean means everything comes in fresh. Look for specials and variations in the menu from what is online. Raw oysters are really nice, and look for their red curry crab soup, reminiscent of good Thai food. Be advised though - although the prices are reasonable, the portions are not "American style", meaning filling every inch of plate. Still, I wouldn't let this deter you from eating here. What it may lack in quantity, it definitely makes up for in quality. If you want seafood, this is the place.
5	Wonderful, intimate dining, with excellent service.  I went here for my anniversary dinner and it was definitely one of the greatest dining experiences I've had in the Madison area.  We weren't really familiar with wine at all, but I wanted a white wine that was a little sweet and after listening carefully to what we wanted our waitress came out with their Riesling.  We started off our meal with raw oysters on the half shell (delicious!).  Then we moved onto their soup of the day--Curried Crab which was very Thai and very perfect--crab meat was quite plentiful.  The Mr. had the Grilled Blue Marlin and I ordered the Salmon.  Both plates were impeccable.  We both had a great experience--yes that was indeed what it was.
4	Blue Marlin is great for date night. I've tried most of the entrees, and my only complaint was that the seared tuna with quinnoa was a little too oily. The soup and all of the other entrees I've tried still make Blue Marlin worth 4 stars. Other reviewers have said that it's loud inside, but the outdoor seating is quiet, peaceful and perfect for summer in Madison.
4	I was in town from San Francisco for business and admittedly leery about seafood in Wisconsin. It was, however, a delightful meal.The decor, the service, the ambience. But the food ... it was really very good. Well worth the prices. Highly recommended.
4	A place that specializes in fine seafood is very rare in Madison. When I come to think about it, from someone that was born and grew up in the area, I can only think of Red Lobster and weekly Friday fish fries as places I've had seafood from in Madison! Don't get me wrong, I'm sure there are a lot of other seafood places in Madison but the Blue Marlin is probably amongst the best. I recently dined here over the UW graduation weekend. Apparently that weekend was booked in advance for months.  I had a special that contained: broiled halibut, a tenderloin, mashed potatoes, and asparagus. All of it was fantastic.
4	Upscale small place located on the capitol square.  Usual upscale seafood song and dance.  Friends took me here for my birthday and I loved it.  Definitely fancy!
5	This is the best seafood in Madison. Bar none. The crab cakes have huge chunks of crab which is always expected, but not always reality when ordering such a dish. The bottom line is that you can get any fish dish on the menu and be extremely satisfied. I even had a friend from Chicago call to ask for suggestions on taking out a client on a sales trip. She incorrectly assumed that Madison would not have much in terms of food (which is outright WRONG), but it's hard to blame her since it is a smaller town in Wisconsin. I digress - I pointed her to the Blue Marlin and she was extremely impressed. It's also a smaller little place right on the corner of the capital square. An old roommate of mine LOVES oysters and this is the place to get the best in Madison as well. I'd recommend going here during restaurant week if you are on a budget since it is NOT cheap. So, make sure to budget appropriately for a solid dinner out one of these days and enjoy one of the many gems that Madison has to offer.
1	I really hate to give a one star review, but I think food poisoning qualifies in this case.The waitress was great.  The crusty bread was great.  The honey butter was great.  The view was great.  The decor was great.The crab cakes were awful.  They were swimming in a brown sauce and were packed loosely - the breadcrumb to crab ratio was not right.  The crab tasted tinny, as if it came from a can - and that might explain why the crab cakes were so wet.  So not good.For entrees, my husband ordered a pasta diablo with shrimp.  The shrimp were a little bit tough but overall he really enjoyed his meal.  I ordered the chef's special of the day: a crab hash with an over easy egg (potatoes and peas) thinking I could fill my crab craving since the crab cakes didn't cut it.  The hash was awful.  The potatoes were burnt and the egg was overcooked.  I managed a few bites of it and then I was done.  You know you're in for it if the chef can't manage an over easy egg.I got sick almost immediately upon leaving the restaurant.  It took my husband a little longer but we were out of commission for at least twenty four hours.  The only thing we shared were the crab cakes.Did I mention that two entrees and one appetizer (and one beer and one glass of wine) cost us more than $100?  Don't get me wrong... if the food had been spectacular, it would have been worth every penny.  I will not go back.
4	Pretty great seafood, despite being in the middle of the country. Plus the ambience is nice and soothing - try to get the little 2-person table near the front window if you can, as it's romantic! We went on our 1-year anniversary so maybe that's why I'm partial, but I really did think the food was good. I had the blackened scallops, which were just slightly too blackened for my taste, but there's hardly a scallop I wouldn't eat so I was still happy. Great coffee too!
3	I went to Blue Marlin a week ago. The bread was delicious and the fish was good, but I found it to be quite overpriced for such small portions. I don't plan to go back-- I feel like I could go somewhere else and get more food for those prices.
2	The butter-filled ramekin cried softly to itself though our entire meal, seated outside at Blue Marlin on a Saturday night. The bread had come and gone, bread plates and knives cleared away. But for the rest of the meal the ramekin of butter sat there, useless, falling deeper and deeper into the depths of its own buttery despair. It looked sad, lonely and useless.I speak in such detail of the forgotten ramekin because not only was it crying out to be cleared through two subsequent courses, but it also created the unfulfilled dream for more bread and served as a constant reminder and point of comparison for the food to come. The food was superbly meh. The mussels with chroizo were utterly forgettable, although I do remember thinking that the white wine sauce would've been tasty had more bread been provided. Don't most mussels come with a couple slices of toasted bread with which to sop up sauciness? Well, with no sauce sopping going on, my dining companion and I were getting saucier by the minute. The salmon came overcooked but edible, reminding me of an extra-tasty Lean Cuisine. The "special" that night was just a mess. Sometimes a "special" is "special" because the chef wants to highlight particular flavors or use a very fresh just-caught fish or just-slaughtered meat. Sometimes a "special" isn't special at all, but rather satisfying the need to dispose of over-ordered produce or a cut that's just not moving for whatever reason. It seemed to be the latter. All we wanted was a nice, border-line fancy meal with some good drinks in an outdoor setting. We were sitting outdoors, it's true, and we did order a nice bottle of wine, so thanks to the terrible food, we got ourselves a little empty-stomach drunk-on. The bill came, we scoffed at it, paid up and tottered away in disbelief. I don't think we'll be trying this one again anytime soon.
5	Fabulous restaurant!  I tried this place for the first time during Restaurant Week and I loved it!  We sat within the stained glass window area and it was such a great view.  The interior is a bit small, so I would definitely recommend making a reservation in advance.  The curried crab soup was incredible.  It was creamy, sweet, and spicy all in one.  The salmon was grilled to perfection, and the spicy shrimp pasta was delicious.  Even the desserts were impressive!  I will definitely be going back.
1	Don't bother coming back (again). I hadn't been here for 10 years after they made me and my nine guests wait four hours for a table (yes we had reservations). Decided to give it another try with a party of four... it was bad. The service was slow and the staff inattentive, two of main entries were gone by 7:30pm (lobster & tuna). The food we received really unremarkable the oysters (old), the trout (blah), the scallops the same, the marlin (tough on the outside, raw on the inside), & the pasta (coated in some weird spice). Save yourself the trouble and get seafood somewhere else.
4	This is more like 3.5 stars. The rock fish was excellent -- buttery. The marlin, perhaps as typical for this fish, dense, but nicely moist. The Thai crab curry soup amazing -- perfect blend of coconut milk with some spice kick and lemongrass. I love the intimacy of the place, but it was a bit loud (and yucky coffee to end). The service was attentive and warm, but not overbearing. All in all worth the $$ and a nice treat for a special night.
1	This restaurant is ridiculous.  Made reservations for New Years eve, (my birthday).  Did the first reservation of the night (like 5 pm).  I ordered the lobster.  They were "out" of lobster, on New Years eve, first reservation of the evening.  What we did have, sucked.  NEVER again.
4	Blue Marlin is a quaint and nice little restaurant off the corner of the Capital square. Before I had them in Baltimore, I was convinced Blue Marlin's crab cakes were the best. The oysters seemed pretty fresh here as well. The entree menu is a little lacking in variety, but it is compensated for in quality. The monkfish and the scallops are great. I also remember several of the specials being quite good as well. My experiences with the service here was great as well. For the Midwest, the seafood here is pretty top-notch and is far better than the Ocean Grill, its main competitor which is now apparently closed.
5	What a perfect place! I first went in college when my mom was visiting, and we loved the food and the intimate atmosphere. The staff was incredibly nice as well. I have since gone back many time with my husband, and it is always a treat! The food is amazing. The scallops are my absolute favorite, but I never have a complaint. Even the dessert is unique and delicious. Could not ask for friendlier service. Definitely recommend to visitors and locals alike!
1	Boy, where do I start!..went for  graduation in Madison which we frequent AND EAT OFTEN,,,,,And there are a ton of good restaurants here but the Marlin in my opinion doesnt measure up..........I should of known with my first instinct when I looked at menu and prices online and other reviews...but someone else selected....Anyway we ordered afteer receiving hard crusted bread which we were scared was going to lose a tooth but then my son ordered the $10 lobster bisque which was cold and had no lobster in it?..but had a nice piece of shell in an oversized soup bowl for this "broth".....Others ordered the trout and was served as 3 - inch and a half pieces of "trout" served on some lettuce...this was supposed to be an entree but all said more like a salad...but at VERY OVERPRICED amounts!...I think I have seen larger cat poops than the fish served to my guests.....I was actually embarassed for this place and the waitresses having to serve this .....and the size of the bowls everyone was laughing at these gigantic over-sized plates and bowls for the small amount of food....The owner in my opinion doesn't have a clue....I will never come here again nor any of my friends.no booze and after $150....bye bye bye
4	Stopped in last week for a quick drink and some appetizers before the show.Was greeted immediately, seated and waitress arrived promptly.  Our waitress was friendly, informative and quick to return.Drinks from the bar were great and ordered the shrimp cocktail and calamari.The shrimp were quite large with a couple different sauces to taste with.  The calamari batter was light and fluffy.  Wish I could have stayed for more.Would definitely be a place to go for a romantic night out.  It's cozy, dark blue walls, smaller tables and intimate.I'll be back.
3	Too much lemon in my risotto. But, the prawn was awesome and the curry tomato bisque was perfect.
4	This review is solely for happy hour, which is a bargain.$1.25 for oysters.$3 off apps.Half price beer and wine.Oysters were very good, got a nice weissbier for $2.50, and even fresh bread! Awesomeness.
4	First time in Madison and I enjoyed this restaurant. Crab cakes and calamari for apps, delicious! Had the scallops w/ squash risotto and the scallops were yummy, the risotto was good but could have used more flavor. Pumpkin seeds were a nice touch. The s'mores cake was very rich. I'm not a chocolate fan so too much for me but I loved the marshmallow w/ the camp fire smell. Service was great, nice beer/wine list and bread was tasty too. I would definitely come back.
5	I'm from DC & we happened upon this place Oct 8, 2013 on a lovely evening that enabled a table outside. Simply outstanding service & excellent food!!  Caesar salad was fresh & crisp. My crab risotto with beet sauce was Amazing & my boyfriend's trout was delicious (& didn't have a single bone in it!!)Cannot recommend the Blue Marlin enough!!!
4	Went here for our anniversary early on a cold New Years Eve.  Service was very pleasant.  Waitress talked me into a seared tuna that was just outstanding.  Throw in beautiful view of the Wisconsin State capitol just across the street and a very reasonable price, and I have to keep Blue Marlin on my short list.
5	I can't think of a single negative thing to say about Blue Marlin. My husband and I have been going here to celebrate our anniversary for the past 3 years and we are never disappointed. We always go with the "Chef's Tasting" menu, which is a 4 course meal of the chef's choosing and each course is paired with wine (upon request).We were pretty bummed when we learned that the Chef's Tasting was no longer on the menu, but were thrilled to learn that it was available by reservation!!!We are warmly greeted every time we visit Blue Marlin. We always make reservations and our table is waiting for us when we arrive. Servers promptly come to the table to take drink orders and bread and butter arrives shortly after. The servers are attentive and genuinely care about giving customers the best possible dining experience.I love being surprised as each course arrives and each one is better than the next.  The best dish during our last visit was the second course. It consisted of two scallops in a thick, mushroom sauce. There was also a bed of kale with bacon and some spicy element that was amazing. It was kale.. But I couldn't stop eating it!!!!!The location is small and inviting and provides a GORGEOUS view of the Capitol. I would recommend Blue Marlin to anyone for a perfect date night. Can't wait to go back!
5	Love, love LOVE blue marlin. Their Seared Sea Scallops "a la Marlin" (with bacon, brandy & brown sugar) are my absolute favorite starter ever! A must try!! I like them so well I'll occasionally make a double order my entree. I highly recommend Blue Marlin if you enjoy seafood and a fabulous dirty vodka martini.
1	Bad food, bad service. We will not be back.
1	Awful, Awful, Awful food and overall dining experience here!  I really don't understand what went wrong.  I honestly feel I must have passed thru a vortex to an alternate universe and into the BAD cousin of this establishment.  I am not kidding.  It has been a long time since I've had such an awful, cold, weirdly flavored meal at ANY establishment.  The wait staff was completely embarrassed.  To the point that when I pointed out that my waiter had not charged me for $40 in pre-drinks he apologized again for how bad our meal was and asked if I wanted to pay even less.  Which I did not, but should have in retrospect. So what happened?  My wife and I flew in from Phila. to take my niece, my sister and her husband out to the best dinner we could find in Madison.  My niece had heard good things about Blue Marlin and wanted to go there.  It was BAD from the git go.The two crab soups our table had were btwn cold and room temp.  Their flavor was very off and almost sickening sweet.  We sent them back to get warmed up - and after microwaving them I am sure, they came back piping hot.  But still pretty much uneatable.  I can't remember what my sister, niece and brother-in-law had, but I remember it being completely forgettable.   But the real object of my disgust is reserved for the limp, flavorless, cold soft shelled crab meals my wife and I had.  They came out cold in the middle.  And as I said - the null set on the flavor scale.  Pretty much the constancy and flavor of corn meal.   Nothing else.   To make matters worse, they were sitting on some yellow slop that also had no flavor.  We asked the waiter to take them back as they were cold.  And instead of re-garnishing the dish and serving two new crabs, they must have jammed the plate w/ the sides into the microwave and brought it back to our table; hoter, limper and completely tasteless.  I was truly flabbergasted.  It was beyond amateur night, it must have been pissed off chef night.   And we paid the price for being there.I didn't want to make a scene - which I regularly would have done.  So, I paid the bill, told the waiter how absolutely terrible the meal was ALL AROUND and left.  It was pretty clear from his reaction that something strange was going on in the kitchen.  Not sure what it was, and don't care.  But I would say - stay far away from this establishment and patronize a restauranteur who has some pride in the product they produce.
1	This place is not very good...at all.  They claim "fresh seafood".  You can not have fresh seafood in the middle of the country.  Fresh seafood is fish caught that day and served to you that night.  The seafood is not from some puny lake in Wisconsin.  It is from the ocean.So instead, this seafood is frozen for many days and then served, not fresh, to you.I understand that when you live in flyover states your seafood options are limited, but if the fish from fresh from a lake that would be cool.Shrimp, lobster and scallops, are not swimming around some nearby lake in Wisconsin.
5	Fantastic happy hour!  1/2 off apps and drink specials. Very high quality food and service. The bread and butter is the best!! Fresh baked bread and whipped honey butter, soo good dunking in mussel broth or their super good curry crab soup. Their bar is also top notch.
5	Just left another flawless evening at the blue marlin. The happy hour is a fantastic value and the service is some of the best in Madison. dinner here is always such a great evening!
5	Over all the reviews on the blue marlin are too harsh. I know for certain the fish is as fresh as you can get in the Midwest and not from the lake here. Everyplace has a bad night and it's painful and embarrassing for all. The blue marlin has a great happy hour menu, caring waitstaff and a cozy atmosphere.
