5	Five Guys is a burger joint, apparently originating on the East Coast, that recently opened up in Pipefitter's old space (across from Steep 'n' Brew) on State St. My fiancee and I have been eying their "coming soon" sign for sometime, so when we saw they finally opened, we decided to give them a try.There was a line ahead of us, but considering the length of the line that formed behind us, I think we were lucky enough to just beat the dinner rush. The menu is fairly basic -- hamburger, cheeseburger, hamburger or cheeseburger with bacon, and two sizes of soda and fries -- but you get to pick the "toppings" that go on your burger. I ordered with "everything", which included ketchup, mustard, onions, mushrooms, pickles, tomatoes, mayo... Maybe one or two other things, but I can't remember now. My fiancee listed off the things she wanted on hers, specifically eschewing tomatoes because she's allergic. We both ordered fried and a drink. We were given a number and told it would be around 8 or 9 minutes.After a few minutes -- less than 10, I think -- our order came up, served in a brown paper bag. We snagged it and claimed a table. Inside, there were two styrofoam cups overflowing with french fries, a handful of napkins (already slightly greasy from sitting on top of the fries) and two burgers, individually wrapped in foil and helpfully marked "1" and "2".The fries were excellent. Cut from real potatoes, not the shaped processed crap you get at fast food chains, crispy and moderately salted. My burger was almost too much to handle -- all their burgers come with double patties, and with "everything" on top of it, it was hard to fit my mouth around the thing. It made for a messy, though tasty, entree. The patties were well-done but still juicy; exactly how I like it, but if you're the sort who likes blood running down your chin, you may be a bit disappointed that they serve all their burgers well-done. My fiancee had a small problem with her burger: They put tomatoes on it. She spoke to the manager and he promptly made her another, running it out to our table within a few minutes. We got to keep the original, which made an excellent midnight snack for me later on. :)Overall, I was impressed by the quality of both the food and the service, and felt the price was reasonable. I'm glad State St finally has a good burger place.
5	Food: Like the name says, it's burgers and fries. Mostly. Your options are: Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Bacon Burger, Bacon Cheeseburger, Hot Dog, Grilled Cheese, Regular Fries and Cajun Fries. They also offer "little" versions of the burgers, meaning one patty instead of two.They offer up a list of toppings so you can create your own perfect burger: Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Green Pepper, Grilled Onion, Grilled Mushrooms, Pickles, Ketchup, Mustard, Relish, A-1 Sauce, Mayo, Jalapeno Peppers, Bar-B-Q Sauce and Hot Sauce.The patties are always well-done. I generally prefer "med-rare", since most places that say "well-done" really mean "drier than the Sahara"  Not so here. I have never, never had a more juicy burger. It dripped. A Lot! And the flavor was simply fantastic. By far, it was the best burger I have ever had. It was a bit much to handle though as these are not small burgers. Getting your mouth from bottom bun to top is no small feat.The fries were also fantastic. I like that they are freshly cut, actual potatoes and that they're fried up in peanut oil. There's a sign by the order counter that proudly proclaims where that days spud's arrived from. They come in two sizes "regular" and "large". I ordered the regular and ended up with a styrofoam cup filled with fries, plus two more large handfuls in the bottom of the bag.Drinks: Standard fountain sodas.Seating: Plentiful. They have tables and chairs, and plenty of them. There's also a bar table that runs the length of a back wall complete with stools.Atmosphere: The place has bright white tile with red accents, various "best of" articles, mostly from the Washingtonian magazine and large red on white signs proclaiming their awesomeness. The lighting is bright, the walls are bright, and everything is brand-new-squeaky-clean looking. We'll see if it stays that way, serving the college crowd.Staff: Very friendlyMiscellaneous: The first time I went here, I ordered my burger specifically without tomatoes. I'm allergic to them. When I got my food there was a bright red (very fresh looking) tomato merrily laying on my burger. I simply brought it back up to the counter and told them what the trouble was. The manager was completely cool about it and ran a brand new one out to me a couple minutes later.They have boxes full of peanuts stacking in strategic locations in the restaurant, complete with little metal pails to carry a pile of peanuts to your table. If you have a peanut allergy, this is not the place to be. There's even a sign on the door that says so.Overall: This is the way a burger joint is meant to be. Fast, Simple, Delicious. Watch out Dotty's, Five Guys will be giving you a run for the "best burger" in this years "Best of Madison".
5	It's SOOOOO good.  Very fresh, very tasty.  I used to frequent the one in Alexandria, VA, and I was elated to find that they just opened one in Madison.  They don't charge for toppings, so load it up with jalapeos, mushrooms, pickles, whatever. And munch on some free peanuts while waiting.
4	Walking down state street I was looking for the sign as I didnt know the exact address. I finally spotted it as its hard to miss. A big red and white sign that says FIVE GUYS. As I was about to walk in, two guys walked by and one sais to the other, "I was just in there a few days ago and its amazing!" I thought to myself, "I'm just about to see". The interior was all red and white also. They were playing 80's classic rock and I think it was off a local radio station. I walked right up to the counter where there was no wait. I ordered the double with cheese ,bacon, fried onions and mushrooms without any condiments, smaller order of fries and smaller drink. Came to $9.57, yikes! Counter dude yell my order to dudes waiting to cook and there were about 7 of them working the grill and fryers. The burger was tender and juicy, and I enjoyed. The fries were way more than I can finish and the smaller size can easily be shared. They were fresh cut from idaho potatoes and cooked in peanut oil and I could distinctly taste the peanut oil. These were like the home made fries we had growing up. I liked them and they were different from everyones. I will be back here.....
5	For the price you pay, the burgers and fries are definitely well worth it.The interior is pretty casual like a retro diner. We got there around 11:30am and about 5 tables were already taken. By 12:10pm, this place is bustling with traffic.Order comes fast, and they don't skimp on ingredients nor quality. Burgers are about $4-5 and fries are about $2. It's kind of a toned down version of Denny's.  I will definitely go back to it.Btw, there are exactly 5 guys working there. I suppose if they need extra staff, they'll have to hire women. =P
4	Good burgers and fries.  You'll have to wait.  This place was exciting when it first open but now it's like - eh.  I'd rather have McDonalds.  Is that so wrong?
5	Best burgers in town!  They are fresh and super quick.  Why go to some fast food place like Burger King or McDonalds and get some crap on a bun when you can get a fresh quality hamburger here exactly how you want it?  I do think the inside is pretty boring though and don't care for the 80's music they play but it's worth it to overlook that and eat some tasty meat.
3	Me & the Mister went here for lunch this afternoon; we'd never been here before.  He wanted a good burger (which he only gets a hankering for every couple months or so...) and although I wasn't in the mood for something that heavy, I was open since I usually pick the place.He ordered a cheeseburger w/ everything hold the ketchup; I had the bacon cheeseburger - hold the mayo & fungus (mushrooms) and we shared a regular fry.  He finished his on the spot I had to take mine home.  He said it was messy but good.  I said good burgers are supposed to be messy IMHO.The fresh, yet greasy fries in the bottom of the bag took me back in time to my days of taking AmTrak w/ my Moms from Penn Station in NY to Union Station in Chicago to visit my grandmother - Moms would always pack some various foods that some would wind up soaking through the bags; but I digress...The total for this meal plus 2 soda's = about $21.  I would venture back, but it may be awhile....I'm still stuffed I really don't think I'll need dinner tonight.
5	I try not to rate things as 5 star often, but Five Guys certainly is just that. Ordering the food takes so getting used to, but the cashier is very helpful in explaining all the specialty terms used. And watching them cook your fresh hamburger and fry those oh-so-delicious fries; once you've tasted them you'll be back.
4	I'll keep this one short... Great burgers, even better fries, excellent service, and free peanuts. WIN.We stopped here on a very busy Saturday night, and despite waiting in a line that ran the entire length of the restaurant, we really enjoyed Five Guys. It had been 5-6 years since I'd had a FGBF experience; the Madtown version didn't disappoint.Tips:1. A "little burger" is a single; the "regular" is a double. I can eat a lot, but I recommend you go with the "little" as it will be plenty filling.2. Take advantage of the free toppings: shrooms, onions, lettuce, tomato, etc. They're always fresh and tasty.3. Go with a small fries... They serve a ton extra with your order; 2 people can easily share a "regular" fries. And, the fries are unreal.4. No matter how busy it looks inside, don't worry - the service is fast and excellent. They do a great job of turning out orders, clearing tables, and keeping the place clean. Highly recommend this place. Give it a try!
5	Om nom nommm!!!!  If you love a big, juicy, sloppy burger, this place is the best on State Street, and not for the health-conscience!A "regular" burger to Five Guys is a double burger, because they know their customers are fat at heart, and I'm glad they do!  The way to go is the bacon cheeseburger, and the toppings are on a list for you to choose out as you please.  ...bacon, green peppers, mushrooms, grilled onions... what's not to love here!The fries are plentiful, as a "regular" order can be split amongst two people, or hoarded to yourself, which is the way I usually go. Cooked in peanut oil, too.The staff is always friendly, the venue clean, and fairly quick delivery (everything is prepared within site, too!)With all the healthy eateries around town that Madison is known and loved for, Five Guys is the perfect spot when you're looking for a burger and taste is priority #1.  Chose it for my first review because it's a 5-star. Enjoy!
5	Best fast food burger.  The peanut oil is a nice touch.  Greasy, quick burgers with delicious fries (cajun are the best).
4	Read about this place in INC mag. Thought I'd check it out since I hear they may be in NorCal soon and I'm from Sac. Damn fine burger at a nice price. Got one with everything and it was huge and tasty! Staff was friendly and the fries were so plentiful I fed me and the homeless guy down the street. Rock on 5 guys. Come to Sacramento soon.
4	I just read an interview with the founder of this place in Inc. Magazine - interesting story behind the business.Great burgers!  I'm not sure how they get them well done but yet still so juicy.  The fries were ok - perhaps my expectations were too high after reading the article.  The only reason I did not give them 5 stars was due to the price - 2 burgers, 2 fries, & 2 drinks was $20.  That being said, I can't wait to go back!
3	From Dr. Nick, Simpsons: "And remember, if you're not sure about something, rub it against a piece of paper.  If the paper turns clear, it's your window to weight gain!"  Here, you don't even need to rub it against the bag to figure out if it's the window to weight gain because it soaks through the bag before you'll even have the chance.  That said, I don't care.  The burgers are good.  And the generous, no that doesn't quite capture it, stupidly large amount of fries that you get even with their smaller size is pretty sweet.  Fries taste like they really did just cut all those potatoes that they leave laying all over the place in bags.You can throw the shells from the free peanuts on the floor.  Kind of fun, but i'm just not sure it's really that hard to put them in a basket or something.Finally, they rarely actually got my order exactly right.  It's nice you can customize, but get more than 2 different things, and you'll get a different burger than you've ordered.
4	Is there anyone that doesn't like Five Guys? Seriously?I'll admit, the selections are a little limited and there's really no options for vegetarians other than the fries or peanuts, but this isn't for vegetarians--this is for big, greasy meat-eaters who like their meat.I love Five Guys. I love meat. And I love sometimes clogging my arteries.
2	Totally agree with Travis above. In my opinion, and that's really just what it is, what we like and dislike individually, is that their burgers are not that great. Their okay after drinking a lot of beer on State Street, but they lack something, that special flavor, I can't pinpoint it, but I just find them kind of bland. I mean I do like a greasy burger now and then, it's just needs to have flavor. Sorry, don't hate on me!!Kissy.
3	The closest thing you can get to a fast-food burger anywhere near State Street. Five Guys is just pure, unadulterated grease - look at your burger next time you stop by here and just take a minute to contemplate why you are putting this into your body. There is literally some kind of industrial extra-fat mayo in there.If you're like any red-blooded American and can let this thought pass in an insignificant whim, then you're in luck. Five Guys makes a damn good burger; The patties are thinner, but are extremely juicy. Unfortunately that means that in order to get just as full, you buy more food and end up paying just as much as you would for a bigger burger elsewhere. Not that that matters - this big chain restaurant is just about stomping on half of the bars in town.
5	Five guys makes the best burgers I have ever had in my life, period.
1	One star because I have to give  a star.  Nothing exceptional and maybe the most overrated franchise in the history of fast food.  Stupid concept for greasy cheap food.  In summary, they should have stayed on the east coast.  Prison food has more charm.
5	fresh & juicy hamburgers, fresh cut fries, cold drinks, and tables to eat at. Enough said!
2	With all the advertising I was expecting a mind blowing bacon and cheeseburger.  However, what I got was nothing better than I could have made at home.  The fries are pretty good, a kind of rustic cut style, however this is not sufficient for somebody that was searching for an honest to goodness hamburger.  A tip to the restaurant: everybody can make pan fried hamburgers at home, think about getting a grill and a few special ingredients that are not usually found in a household refrigerator.
1	I mean besides the hair i pulled out of my burger its good....
5	You can get a good feel for a business when you come in during off hours in the middle of the week, that said, five guys rocks! The guys working the counter were light-hearted and genuine. The burgers were moist and light, the veggies were fresh and flavorful. The fries were pretty close to perfect, I like mine a little more well done. I imagine they would probably have cooked them that way, had I asked....In a state where in and out burgers are just a pipe dream, five guys has won my heart and devotion.  I'd probably come back just for the free peanuts.
5	Love love love the burgers!!!We don't have a Five Guys locally so when we found one on our trip to Madison, we had to stop in!  It was great!!  It's got the typical "burger joint" feel to it... crazy loud, though!  The burgers are amazing, however the fries leave a lot to be desired.  This particular Five Guys is located right on State Street which adds to the appeal; perfect for stopping in while doing some (window) shopping, taking in some local acts or just cruising around.  It's a perfect setting.We loved our Five Guys burgers!!
4	The food was great!  The advertisements saying its cheap... Kinda misleading 2 burgers, 1 large fry, 2 regular drinks was $21.00.(I will say that the portions are excellent.)So that does help justify the price.
4	Great burgers and fries in this fast food joint! One good thing to note is that the regular burger is actually a double, and the junior is a single. Burgers are juicy and big, and fries are seasoned well. Add any available toppings for free! I like the usuals (lettuce, tomato, onions, mustard, mayo, ketchup), but I also add grilled mushrooms and A1 sauce. Delicious! Self-serve peanuts are all-you-can-eat. My organization is based in Madison, and every time I'm in town, I need to grab a burger from Five Guys. Sadly, my home town and state don't have a Five Guys...yet!
3	Non-yelper friend: "How would you rate 5Guys on a scale of 1-10?" Me: "You mean... how many stars would I give 5Guys out of five?" Non-yelper friend (looking super confused): "Sure...I guess? Isn't that the same thing.."The verdict:Five Guys could never out compete In-n-Out in California. They give wayyyyy more meat per burger than In-n-Out (at no extra charge!), but I have to say that the In-n-Out cheeseburgers are way more delicious than the cheeseburgers at 5Guys. Since that is all I eat right now - that is all I can really comment on. However, the fries were also not very impressive....they didn't add any extra oomph to the meal. I think my favorite part of the meal was the free peanuts - and that is not what 5Guys is all about.
5	I've basically been to every fast food burger joint in the US, and Five Guys is head and shoulders above everything else. Let's start with the fries. These aren't your momma's fries (honestly, I don't even know what this means, but I've always wanted to use it in a sentence), these are fries of substance. These are fresh, oil-battered fries of delicious goodness. And by goodness, I don't mean for your arteries, I mean for your taste buds. And then the burger, oh their burgers. You can't get a better deal for your money than one of their $3-4 burgers. Keep in mind that their default burgers come with 2 patties, so if you're feeling like a pansy, tell them you only want one. The burgers are juicy and well cooked, with any amount of toppings you want. The next best burger place would be In-N-Out, but that's like saying silver comes after gold. It doesn't even come close.
3	Ok, so the burgers are good.  They are fantastic but they are so expensive.  If you love getting more than two toppings then the money is worth it.  Their fries are delicious but there is no small size.  This place is where people with big appetites go to eat.  This is not a place for a dainty eater.  The feeling of the restaurant is simple, sparse.  There is no need for anything flashy.  I want to give this four stars but I am just so bored with it.  It was new and fun 3 years ago, now it needs something new.  Just one new thing on the menu.  Give me more 5 guys.
3	Overrated. I can't imagine going out of my way to eat here again. And $10 is cheap but not that cheap.
5	First visit today too Five Guys.Excellent fries, great burgers. Will be coming back for sure.
2	I felt it was over priced for what I got.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with everything.  The meat patty was fine but the bacon was burned.  I was disappointed at what seemed to be can mushrooms.  The whole thing disintegrated before I was was half way through and I was left picking bits up off the table.  There are definitely better burgers for less money elsewhere on State street
2	I made my first trip into Five Guys last week. It is a nice time to try new places in Madison, because the students have largely left and this reduces the crowd. I was a bit shocked at the prices (a cheeseburger, fries and pop totaled over $12); however, I stuck it out as I was really in the mood for a burger.I'll start with the good part. The service is quick and the staff was friendly. The fries, while seemingly expensive, were very good and provided enough (at the "little fries" level) to serve at least two, not three, people. The restaurant was clean and enjoyable. One thing about the fries: if you are truly unable to digest flour, they coat their fries with it. I don't know if they offer a gluten free fry, but you should ask. Now to the burger. Oh my. I ordered "all the way" which is the cheeseburger with everything (onions, tomato, pickles, mushrooms, ketchup, mustard ,etc). I didn't really want mushrooms but it was easier to say "the works". The propaganda for the restaurant (and many of the reviews on this site) promote the idea of a burger made from quality products and cooked to order. The burger was cooked to orderThe burger was okay. juicy and thick, but part of a parceled package, not made from local meat or hand pressed. The mushrooms were, sadly, canned and tasteless. The tomato slice (singular) was nice and seemed fresh but it was swallowed up by the other toppings. The cheese, in Wisconsin no less, was basically Velveeta. The worst aspect was the bun: a cheap white bread sesame seed covered bun. It managed to hold together to the 6 minutes of processing time in eating, but was completely unenjoyable and generally complimented the cheapness of the mushrooms and cheese. For the price asked, a much better burger could be had at the Red Shed (just a block away) or Dotty's Dumplings, The Nitty Gritty (also within a few blocks. I get that the State Street location pushes up the rent and the cost, but I can't believe the other reviewers are eating at the same place.
5	I'll make this very simple---I love 5 guys!I'm not the biggest fan of fast food, and I consider 5 guys to be somewhere in between. I enjoy that I get to watch the cooks make a real beef patty right in front of me. The Cajun fried are awesome. I enjoy that when I get a regular order I'm handed a brown paper sack filled with like 2 orders of fries. I can never eat them all, so I like to share.Regular Burgers are 2 patties, so I tend to get a single. Once you load this baby up with mega toppings...who needs 2 patties? Right?I think it's an art to make a decent burger, and when i can walk into this State St. location and get one any day of the week, I really am fond of that!Five guys, your the best!
4	I love their cheeseburgers!
5	Classic place. Free peanuts while you wait for your food. The burger was good, but the fries can be kind of old sometimes. Greasy food, but it hits the spot
3	Well. That happened. And while I'm sad to admit it happened...I can say it probably won't again. Because there are so many better options and so many local options that I would be hard pressed to find myself making the mistake more than once. But maybe it had to happen?
5	I don't know what it is about Five Guys' food, but, MAN! The Wife and I absolutely love eating here, although we keep our visits limited since it's not the healthiest food option available (http://www.fiveguys.com/menu/nutritional-information.aspx). Then again, who actually goes to a burger joint expecting a healthy meal?At other burger joints, I order my burgers medium-rare to ensure they don't arrive overcooked and dry, but at Five Guys, I never have to worry that my "juicy and well done" burger will be dry. In addition to cheese, they offer a selection of 16 toppings that can be added to your burger including bacon, grilled onions, green peppers, and jalapeno peppers. And, if burgers aren't your thing, they also offer several types of "dogs" and sandwiches.Their cooked-in-100%-peanut-oil french fries are fantastic, and you can order them either Five Guys Style or Cajun Style. Oh, and they offer MALT VINEGAR to put on your friends. SCORE! A word to the wise, though: when ordering fries, order one size down from what you would order at McDonalds because Five Guys has huge portions of fries.The food is ready quickly, the restaurant is clean, and the staff are friendly.
5	Why can't there be a Five Guys on the East Side near where I live?  I would be there at   least once or twice a week.  As it is, with this place downtown, it's a bit annoying to get to, but well worth it.  I like the franchise because they decided to do one thing, do it well, and not get fancy about it.  There's no chicken sandwiches or salads.  You get yourself a friggin' burger and some fries (and they will ply you with fries, my friend--their small is everyone else's large), and you shut up and eat it.  You will enjoy every bite and wonder why you don't go more often.
2	If I have to wait ten minutes for my burger to be cooked to order, why can't they cook it to order? Why does it have to be well done? Why can't they have cheddar, provolone, or Swiss? Why are the mushrooms canned?
5	I was a patron of the original Five Guys in Arlington, VA, and I was stoked when I first noticed the location that opened up in Madison. I really missed their burgers - we used to send interns on Five Guys runs when I worked on the Hill.The menu is super simple (although you wouldn't know it from how long someone took to order the last time I was here), just burgers, dogs, fries, and drinks. If you order a hamburger, you get two patties cooked to order. You can choose all sorts of toppings, from fried or raw onions, to BBQ sauce, to my personal favorite - some A1 sauce. If you get a regular burger (and not a 1 patty burger), you might want to split your fries with a friend, as they give you a big cup overflowing with their fresh cut fries. I go with the cajun fries (cajun seasoning sprinkled on).The only disappointing thing about these new Five Guys locations is that the buns are not as good as the original. The Arlington location had a bakery next door that baked their buns fresh every day. That said, they are as good as anything else out there in the quick service burger segment.Oh, and while you wait, you can help yourself to some complimentary peanuts!
3	I love five guys, but this particular place wasn't doing it for me. The main seating area smelled almost exactly like the humane society, and that was kind of off putting. Also they put the peanuts on top of the trash cans, which seemed like an iffy decision to me. It also felt pretty dark and dingy.The food was standard five guys fare, though, which means it was delicious.
3	Five Guys has great food, but the service is lacking. I've been turned away 15 minutes before the posted closing time, and just last night when I did make it inside, on time, I (my group of 3 people) was repeatedly reminded that "it's practically closing time, we close right now, just so you know, for next time..." Two of the three orders were incorrect as well. SO, if you go well before closing time, everything is generally delicious and staff is great, but damn those grumpy closers...
1	So it had to be done.  Had to try the food after reading all kinds of positive reviews about Five Guys.  I was not impressed.   The choices of "free" toppings are the same "free" toppings you can get ANYWHERE!  Cheese extra.  Bacon extra.  Also for the price what you get is terrible.   The bun was by far the worst part of the experience as it could not hold up to the greasy burger for more than 2 bites.  The Cajun fries that had gotten such rave reviews, were a lot like licking a salt lick.  Overall, this place is ALL hype.  You can get a better burger at just about any bar or restaurant in Madison.
