1	Rip-off. 1 star is too many! Don't buy a car there!They kept "forgetting" to give me the carfax. when they finally gave me a printed copy, it had a page missing and it looked odd but I couldn't tell there was a page missing. Until I sold this car about a year later for a better-gas-mileage car to the Honda dealer, which pulled up the REAL carfax and said, you never saw this in the carfax? and showed me that it had been in a front-end collision! (no wonder when I took it to see if anything was wrong w/ it in the 7-day grace period, they found a motor mount missing and couldn't explain, but Enterprise did pay for everything I found wrong--however, when they said the rim was bent, the Enterprise manager, Travis, suddenly said, that's IT--not paying for any more things! and I couldn't believe his nerve after I found out they hid a serious car accident from me. HOW UNETHICAL!!).  and they have some nerve still sending me flyers to buy cars there, even though I've moved since buying the car from them.
5	I just bought my car at Enterprise Tempe. It was a 2008 Honda Civic Hybrid. I like Enterprise because the price offered is the price you pay. There is no haggling and that gives me peace of mind. When buying a previously owned vehicle, it is important for me to get a history of maintenance and a car fax. They had both.  I like that Enterprise sells only the top 2% of their rental fleet in their Car sales division. The car had a 109 point inspection and that gave me peace of mind.  I got that the sales staff really cared about me as a customer and offered a great customer service experience. Thank you Enterprise Car Sales! SignedHappy repeat customer
5	I worked with Erika (maybe I misspelled the name, perhaps it's with a "c"?) and she was thoroughly knowledgable about the 2012 Ford Focus I wanted to buy (this was in Oct. 2012).  During a test drive, she helped me sync my cell phone via bluetooth and showed me how easy it was to stream music wirelessly through the stereo.  That's not a level of expertise I expected.There was absolutely no pressure, Erika knew what she was talking about when discussing the car with me (I did many hours of homework first), and I was so impressed that I bought the car.  More than a year later, I have not one complaint.  I signed up for an extended warranty but I haven't had a single claim against it.As an example of how great this car is, even the tires they gave me lasted for more than 30,000 miles (I drive back and forth from Phoenix to Yuma on a weekly basis, so I've done 35k+ miles in 15 months) before needing replacement.  I was so pleased by the experience and I'm so happy with my car that I would not hesitate to buy from them again.I wouldn't write off the bad reviews as they may be entirely legitimate, but I was COMPLETELY SATISFIED with both my experience and the car I bought.  If you get a sales person there who doesn't give you a good vibe, then go with your gut.  I had someone who was excellent, they lived up to the "no haggle" advertising, so I bought the car and I've been thoroughly happy ever since.
5	We just purchased a 2012 Ford Fiesta. It was the best experience we ever had buying a car.  The staff was wonderful, have to give big thanks to Michael, Evan and Jeffery.   I would definitely recommend purchasing a car from Enterprise if you are looking for a no hassle transaction.
5	Just purchased a 2012 Prius.  No games played with trade in, straightforward answers to questions and great people. No hard sell. Mike referred us to Manny because he knows Prius features best and Jeff wrapped up the financing.  No rip-off interest rates and everyone was working together for us.  Great experience and we are going to tell everyone to give them a chance to pick up a great car.  They have a checklist they use to certify the vehicle and we get a nice warranty and a "cold feet" option just to be sure that we like the car.  Give them a try.
5	I really appreciated the process at Enterprise Car Sales! Everyone that I talked with was very helpful and kind. The agent that helped me was Elliot! He was amazing! I couldn't have asked for someone better to meet my needs. He did not pressure me in any way but genuinely had my interest in mind. He wanted nothing more but to give me more than what I hoped for. I bought a 2013 Hyundai Elantra and it is in perfect shape. They showed me the carfax right away and it had no previous accidents. I could tell that they took extra care of it before they sold it. I felt like I could trust every employee and I didn't feel like they were trying to sell me things that I didn't need for their gain. Again, I completely recommend buying a car for Enterprise, especially from Elliot! He is the best!
