4	On any given weekend I will make at least 2 or 3 trips here.  My house sits 1.5 miles away from two Home Depot's and this Lowes. I usually choose to go to Lowes.For hardware only ACE can beat them. One day when building some used office furniture I needed a Swedish cam bolt, and they had them.For floor epoxy their quikcrete brand can't be beat. I also like their Krylon spray paints.The main advantage of this store over other home improvement stores is the thing I am asked often. "Can I help you."  Every Dept no matter if i am in nice shirt or covered in paint and dirt. At their competition I could die and no one would even notice.Pro tip. Park on the East side of the parking lot. Go in to the lumber entrance, you will get a close shady spot and be near the registers with no lines.Next time you have something break and you want quality products with helpful staff, check this place out.
5	Great customer service!!As soon as I entered the store, a clerk greeted me and asked if she could help. I told her that I needed some moving boxes. The service manager overheard me and walked me all the way to where the boxes were instead of just pointing me in a direction.  I picked out a few boxes and realized that they were too big for the cart. As I was struggling to put them in my cart, another associate appeared and offered to take the boxes for me to the checkout counter and they would hold them for me there while I shopped for other things. I was really impressed by the customer service I received at this store. Lowes, you made my day!
5	This Lowe's is a big, beautiful example of a home improvement and gardening store!  I love walking around the aisles... it's nostalgic for me since my dad was a shop teacher when I was a kid and I was practically raised in a hardware store. haha   Anyway, on my visit last week, I went specifically for paint samples and ideas on an upcoming bathroom renovation.  Lowes' provided both, although the looks I was interested in came from their bathroom improvement books rather than their floor models.  At least they have floor displays set-up.  Some other stores (no names here) like Lowe's don't even have that!  So with the help of the super friendly and attentive staff, I ended up leaving with a bunch of new ideas in my head and I'll definitely be back!See ya there!
5	Close to work and home, so I make frequent visits here. Like the set up and it always seems to be very clean and organized.
5	another great store, great deals, i LOVE tools
5	If you are into gardening or would like to purchase plants that do not die in a few days, buy them from Lowe's. I loved the selection in plants they had. The people who work in the garden center were available to answer questions and they had a huge selection of flowers and also vegetables including bulbing onions etc.
3	Corporate Mega-chain Fun Fact:A lot of people think the name Lowe's was created for brand positioning purposes and that it's a subliminal marketing way of getting customers to think that they have the lowest prices. In reality, the name comes from one of the original owners, James Lowe, who sold out to his partner and brother-in-law, Carl Buchan, long before the company went public in 1961. I bet his descendants are just as pissed as the Social Network guy.
5	I remodeled my home in Tempe AZ in late 2008.  It is a little late to post a review on the service I received during that harrowing experience.  I guess it is enough to say that I have a stack of receipts over an inch thick!  I've kept returning to the place for lots of stuff.  I would like to share my experience purchasing and owning some major appliances.  The extended warranty.  And a example of service that sets this Lowe's apart from the rest of the big box stores.  I purchased set of Kitchenaid stainless steel appliances.  A nice refrigerator,  the best dishwasher I've ever used, a nice electric range/oven, and a problematic microwave/convection oven.   Just to be safe my wife in her infinite wisdom included an extended warranty in the budget.  We never purchased extended warranties in the past, we depended on the quality of the appliances and the reputation of the manufacturer.    I researched appliances and decided on the Kitchenaid brand as affordable, attractive, functional, and reliable.  They are attractive and had the features we wanted.  Lowes made them affordable.  The reliability part not so much.  The microwave was the first to go sixteen months after our purchase. The third party extended warranty company was a little hard to work with.  After several trips to the appliance doctor the technicians gave up and declared the unit dead.  The warranty company replaced the unit, minus delivery, installation.  Plus they would only provide a Lowes gift card for the amount I paid for the microwave.  Of course when we bought  four appliances the cost was less than a single unit.  The gift card was a couple of hundred bucks short of replacement.  Did they live up the fine print on the warranty?  Yes.  Did they annoy us, waste our time, and unnecessarily annoy us?  Yes.  When an appliance dies it is a process.  From my standpoint I'm disappointed, and inconvenienced.   We used the microwave and convection oven on a daily basis.  We had a backup oven but no microwave.  The repair company took the microwave for several days at a time.  When the device returned it would work for a few days, or weeks and something else would go wrong. Each time Steve the manager at Lowes rose to the occasion and lent us a microwave!  Then when the gift card was short he sold us a new microwave at the cost of the gift card delivered it and installed it.  Kudos to Steve for understanding that our purchase of the appliances and extended warranty were from Lowes.  He stood behind the appliance as well as the third party warranty.  Good service is consistent at this Lowes!    This month the refrigerator began it's downward spiral.  The same third party warranty company send techs from a different service company this time.  The refrigerator seems to have a mind of it's own and stops working, or the ice misses the ice bucket and falls to the bottom of the freezer compartment.  Then the lights don't go on and it doesn't cool.  The techs have performed surgery and replaced several components.  This last issue required replacement of the "main board" .  Of course this happened when we purchased some great steaks, and lots of fresh veggies and fruit.  The thing was stuffed!  You can imagine how worried I was when I opened the fridge and found the butter was soft!  I can only imagine the nightmare if I didn't work from home most of the time.  They give four hour windows for service.  I would have had to take a half day off from work four different times for this fridge service.  The lost productivity from work would more than pay for the extended warranty.  Something to consider in your next appliance purchase.  True to Murphys law, this happened on a Friday.  The tech said the parts warehouse would expedite the part but the appliance would not be reliable.  I asked what expedite meant.  He said he didn't know.  Points to the tech for honesty.   To my mind expedite means overnight the part withe Saturday delivery and install it the same day it arrives.  Here is is Monday afternoon and I have not heard anything about the part or when my fridge will be repaired.  But all is not lost.  Again I called Steve the manager at Lowes.  He listened to the problem.  I probably should have been less forceful in my delivery.  After all it was not Lowes that was the problem.  They didn't make the appliances, or service them.  Here is is four years after the sale.  I explained that the repair company left us with a fridge that was not reliable.  He stepped up again and offered a loaner which was at my house in a couple of hours.  A huge sigh of relief.  I am happy to shop at this Lowes.  When I have problems they help me solve them.  On my appliance purchase I investigated the appliances, and made what I thought was a good choice.  My genius wife added the extended warranty.  Lowes stood behind the purchase and helped out a great deal when the appliances quit  working.  I am lucky to be surrounded by these smart peop
3	Typical big box store.  I like Lowes but this location lacks customer service.  Get a piece of wood cut, forget it.  Lost rebate for paint, makes me doubt the corporate structure.  Home depot down on Alma seems like 5 star service.
4	I happened to be out in this part of town,and remembered I needed to stop at a Lowe's. Lowe's is the type of store that you never know what you find.I was working on a project in the Kitchen so I needed some small wood bits.I needed a certain type and stopped in here. When I walked in an entire wall of organization items were there.I needed some plastic see thru shoe boxes. My girlfriend has a lot of her 200 some pairs of shoes in these and they work well.So I bought 2 packages of them.I was also able to find the bits of wood that I needed without asking for help. They worked perfect ,the shoe boxes did not.  They were too small to fit 2 shoes in.(a pair)   So I had to return them.Great return policy, I had my reciept, so no problem.We also got a really nice plant here. It seems to be doing really well. Showing they sell a lot of really good items,that you would never think of.Lots of parking, clean store. All in all a good place to shop.
3	Lowes is fine but DO NOT use their contractors. Especially their door installers. Don't show up, don't return phone calls. Horrible service. Lowes should find better contractors as they are a poor representation of a good company.
5	These guys went the extra mile in providing a great deal and fast service. Our refrigerator crashed. We needed one NOW. Not only did we we get a fantastic price, they delivered it the same day, for FREE.Thank you Lowe's for helping us through this emergency. You have a loyal customer going forward..
1	We went to Lowes to purchase a new gas range.  The employee who helped up was distracted, unable to answer our questions, did not seem to be experienced or knowledgeable in the sale of large appliances.  I had little to no confidence in what he said - he appeared to be completely clueless in regards to brands, quality of merchandise or options.Despite the advertised free delivery and install offer that is going on right now, he said that it would cost us $149 to have a gas range installed not including the gas hose that we would need to purchase at $30.  Yeah, see ya later!  Best Buy is the place to go!  They match prices, offered us FREE install on the same gas range and were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.  Don't waste your time with Lowes, head straight to Best Buy!
1	Extended warranty .  Never never purchase an extended warranty from lowes .  It's quite a scam they have going on.  Our fridge quite cooling after 3 years and we paid for the extended so we gave lowes a call.  And, why did we buy the extended warranty?  Because we bought an LG fridge from lowes that broke after 4 years.    I had heard that if you don't save all the paper work you are screwed even though they have it all on their computer.  So we did, which I think ticked them off cause they got kind of rude after we came up with the slew of numbers we needed.  So I keep food in my fridge.  Meats, milk, cheese, you know that stuff isn't cheap.  Apparently lowes urgent care is 5 days ! 5 days and not a specific time.  All day.  So I have to miss a whole day of work and prolly loose 2 to 3 hundred dollars worth of food.  They know you would be better off paying someone your self to come at an appointed time.  Not to mention selling a fridge that didn't last longer than three years before it pooped out.  I not only will never buy an extended warranty from lowes again but I will never shop at lowes again.
5	BEST LOWES, happiest and friendliest employees. Recently bought a home so we have been spending a lot of time at this location- it clearly out does home depot with customer service. Multiple sales people have dedicated much time to work and problem solve with us.
3	Found what I was looking for after an associate saw the lost, confused look on my face. The store is clean, big and probably has exactly what you need for home improvements. Have to replace blinds that my friendly canine so kindly chewed on. Was told that I can bring in the blinds if they aren't the correct size to be cut....probably will be back :/ my only complaint-2 self check out lines which every slower than a turtle customer decides to use and ONE check out line, again, slow as molasses
1	Not a worker in sight.  Had to ask for help twice before somebody finally came after 15 minutes.  Girl at checkout asked if i found everything ok.  I said no that Lowes only had one of three items i needed.  She only responded with a blank stare.  Poorly stocked also.  For example, 66 quart storage bins had no lids stocked.
