4	This is a very comfortable place to live in. The maintenance is great, the pool, hot tub, parking lot & garage, gyms, clubhouse and outside lawn are kept very neat and organized. The biggest con to these condominiums would have to be the 2-in-1 washer/dryer units.. Yeah, a washer that's also a dryer! Ugh, that's the worst invention I've ever come across. For it to be efficient you have to do very small loads at at time which takes forever if you have a lot of laundry. Besides that, it's very private and you rarely see your neighbors which my husband and I like. It's like living in a very nice hotel. I noticed that there are many younger, industry people that live here but recently I've been seeing a lot of older people as well as kids. It's safe, comfortable, private and upscale and we're happy to be living here.
1	After living there I can say that it was the worst place I've ever lived. Shortly after signing a new lease it was one problem after another. First the gate to the under ground parking is loud and vibrates thought the ventilation to the point where if you are in a corner condo in building 4 you will never have any peace or quiet. Second it is impossible to keep out the massive amounts of dust. Third the matianance crew is awful!  They are rude and Jose the chief engineer even attempted to get violent. I had witnesses and informed the property management of this but nothing was done. This place is advertised as safe and quiet but it is not. I could hear all of my neighbors conversations through the heating systems. If you choose to rent here just know that as soon as you sign your lease that is the last time you will be treated like a human being. Moving out was the happiest day in a while.
3	Good for the price and the amenities are to be expected. It really does come down to the desired product and price with this place- I have family who lives here, and its great for the rent, but when you have properties with jaw-dropping fixtures right across the street its a catch :-/
