2	I think Cold Stone is overrated. The ice cream melts way to fast and gets all soupy, the Cold Stone employees never mix the ingredients very well and I always walk away thinking, "...really? Did I just do that to myself again?" This location in particular is never clean, the bathrooms are a bit scary and they don't sing when you tip them. If you're in the area and you're looking for a cold treat skip on over to Fatburger (just next door) and get their chocolate shake!
4	Here's the secret formula:- Vanilla ice cream- strawberries- almonds------------- mix, fold ---------------- hot fudge on top after it's mixedAND......tell them Randy sent you!WARNING:  THE CHOCOLATE DIPPED CONE IS OVER THE TOP AND TOO MUCH FOR THIS FORMULA----YOU WILL IMMEDIATELY SUFFER FROM HORRENDOUS GUILT AND TOOTH DECAY IF YOU DARE USE ONE!!!Just get it in a regular cup and don't be such a pig.
2	I usually love this place however there new funnel cake ice cream and churro ice cream are horrible. the pastry was stale and hard and lacked flavor. I will continue going back but get the old stuff I love. I think the worker was trying to tell me to stay away but i wouldn't listen.
5	I don't really have a sweet tooth.  I feel like desert is wasted space in my stomach that I would rather fill with regular food.  I had to give this place 5 stars though because of the service.  My wife had an ice cream craving at 10pm on our way home one night so we stopped at this place.  As we pulled up we were afraid they were closed but could still see workers inside.  We came up to the door and one of the workers approached us opened the door and told us they were closed.  We must have had the look of two kids whose ice cream cone fell in the dirt because a lady, who turns out was the owner, walked up behind the employee and asked us what kind of ice cream we wanted.  We told her we were simple and we'd be happy with strawberry.  She quickly ran behind the counter and got us a small cup, rang us up quickly and thanked us for coming in!  I was shocked.  Hard to find that kind of service these days.
5	Love cold stone!!! I dont visit this one often but the ladies helping were very nice and helpful and made my ice cream perfect :)
3	None of us got "ice cream"! Ordered a smoothie, the small is ridiculously small, order a medium. The sorbet is good. I ordered the No Fair a Funnel Cake, took about 6 minutes to get. Do not order from employee Krishna, this guy has looks to kill and is one pissed off mean employee!!
