4	Great Grapes was a cool little festival, especially because I had free tickets (Thanks Yelp)!  I thought the price of $25 to get in was a little steep, but probably worth it if you love wine.  There were several local wineries offering wine tastings and sometimes little snacks.  It got a little hot standing in the sun with the huge crowds of people trying to make it to the front of the line for tasting.  Besides wineries there were a few other booths set up selling knick knacks.  Plus there were some food vendors selling fair type food (curly fries, funnel cakes, etc).  To top everything off they had several different bands playing some decent music throughout the day.This festival is a fun time.  If you plan on going next year make sure to take a blanket and/or chairs to sit out in the lawn in front of the stage.  It might also be a good idea to pack a little lunch especially if you plan on staying all day.  Not only will you get hungry but the food will help soak up the alcohol.  Just be prepared to spend a lot of time in line waiting for your free wine tastings.I almost forgot to mention that you get a commemorative wine glass (included with admission) to take home.  Bonus.
3	Great Grapes was a good time. Nice venue with lots of parking and right next to South Park so if you needed to sober up, you could walk around the mall and go drunk shopping! I love that it was all local wineries however I found many to be sweet wines and seeing that I am a dry wine kind of girl, didn't find many that impressed me. They had a great line up of musical acts and other vendors among food, jewelry, dog adoption and more. And they had fair food--who doesn't love fair food?? You could bring your own chairs (and coolers), find a spot to relax in, buy a bottle of wine and take in the atmosphere. I visited most of the wineries and they were very friendly, informative about the taste of their wines, how its made and what the taste was like. You go could to each tent and get a sample but most places had $5 for a full glass and pretty sweet bottle specials. One of the tents had $5 wine slushies so I had to try it out and it didn't disappoint.  I think the idea of Great Grapes is rockin and if I was into the sweet wines, would definitely go again but don't think I will be going next year.
4	This was my 2nd time attending the Great Grapes Festival, and so I knew what to expect and we came prepared.  We had a blanket, chairs, meats, cheeses, crackers, and a big sandwich.  The only thing I forgot was water, and most of the concessions sold out of it so that was a bit annoying.  I completely agree w/Tiffany's assessment, the wines are majorly sweet and no offense NC wine lovers, but kinda crappy.  Luckily our friend brought in 2 bottles of good Italian wine so for us we had a nice picnic w/beautiful weather, live music, good food and good wine!We still tried a lot of the wines, it was only right since we paid $25 to get in, and my sister ended up buying a bottle from one of the vineyards that we drank that day after we finished the good stuff!Overall if its a beautiful day, as it has been the past 2 years, then it can be an enjoyable experience if you come prepared and know what to expect!
4	Is it too late to review? I don't think so...because the memories of the event are still so fresh!I received two free passes to join in the festivities. It was my first year and I had a blast! I was overwhelmed by the number of attendees and participating vineyards and other booths. My husband and I had such a fun time learning about the various wineries and tasting the various wines. We sipped all afternoon long and had a blast! Just be prepared for waiting in lines or crowds to get a sample. Some people become tipsy and spill on you, but it's all in good fun, right? Also, bring your cash so you can take some bottles home with you or to grab snacks along the way. The Yelp booth was awesome and gave away palate cleansing oyster crackers (besides other awesome giveaways)...always prepared!My most favorite part was the closing cover band, Liquid A. I could have listened to them all night! It was so fun to watch people dancing and singing. A lot of people brought coolers with their own snacks and created a picnic area. What a great idea for next year!Great way to spend the day!
3	Ok, this was my first visit to this Festival.  I really enjoyed the thought of sampling tons of wine from around the area.  Unfortunately I quickly found out how this could turn to a very frustrating thing for someone like myself that lacks patience.  Couple key things to know about this event.  One, the lines will get pretty long at each booth....people love wine so there is a pretty good crowd out there.  I don't mind a line but I think people need to chat less and sample more.  Secondly, it's a lot of NC Wineries and so you are going to find more sweet, fruity wine than anything else.  Third, make sure you bring a little set up and get there early to grab some prime real estate for the bands that play later.  But overall it's a great festival and if you are going to go even though you'll want to sample the wines I'd suggest get some samples, find something you like and buy a few bottles.  Then plop down in your chair with your new wine and kick back!
3	I love going to this every year!  Get your tickets online prior and save yourself a dollar or two.  Great wineries this year and super-friendly staff.  You have to wiggle your way through the crowd and find the tent with the shortest lines.  After about 45 min of tastings you will get sick of the crowds and just buy a bottle of wine and sit with your friends.  People bring lawn chairs and blankets so they can sit and watch the bands.  There is always a cigar vendor which I loooooove!  Nothing better than a bottle of wine and a cigar on a sunny Fall day in Charlotte.
3	This past weekend was perfect weather for outdoor event like this for the most part.  It got a little chilly when the clouds rolled in.  But hey, it wasn't raining.  I haven't been  to this event in years.  Somehow I felt a little disappointed.  We got there early and some vendors were already a little grumpy.  I think the wine/vineyard selection was a little weak.  The crowd in front of each tent could get annoying after awhile.  And it's not easy to rinse out glasses in between tasting, so I would end up with a rose without getting a rose.  After an hour or so of walking around, the 4 of us just sat our butts down at the lawn with a bottle of zinfandel and cigars.  That was relaxing... until the cigar smoke got to my head and I felt like I was getting a little kite like :)  So... my thought is if I come back here again, I will definitely do the picnic route.  I saw people with those cute little short picnic table... and that way we can sit and chill, walk around as we feel like... and be able to enjoy the event a little differently than how we did it this year.  Because honestly, I don't think I got $25 of entertainment.
2	The concept is good: an outdoor wine festival with a dozen or so vineyards pouring samples of well over 100 wines, while other vendors either sell food or you score a seat under a tent to watch a gourmet food demo with plenty of samples.  Live music under the band shell and plenty of people watching under Carolina blue skies.And now for the twist: all of the wine is from NC vineyards and apparently a memo went out to all 20-something guidos and guidettes that this event was mandatory attendance.  Bottom line: hard to see how the $25 ticket price results in anything close to a break-even investment.Look, NC wine is not presently on the wine world map.  Mainly sweet wines derived from muscadine, strawberry, and blueberry, this is not an event designed for the serious wine connoisseur.  While the winery reps will still flash the smile and a micro pour in your glass, this is not the kind of stuff you could stand more than a glass or two of in any one sitting.  Yeah, there are some folks trying to work with Bordeaux grapes, but the NC climate is not ideal in most parts of this state and these wines are generally lacking in the structure and finish that is prized in more established wine regions.  *Save for the highlight I'll mention below... Add to that the fact the the crowd mentality possessed by other attendees is utterly lacking in the areas of "waiting your turn" or "listening to the professional," and you have a less than ideal tasting experience.  For example, some wine tents were impossible to get to because there was a small mob at the front that kept thrusting their glasses forward for the next pour.  Other people from behind the mob were not afraid to reach over shoulders to get a pour for themselves. I can understand why some reps were grumpy.  I can also understand why some folks were grumpy since they could never reach the front of the line.  Folks had no concept of running thru a pour of the portfolio and then moving away for the next group to come in.  My favorite was a small group of ladies who would thrust their glass in from the side and boldly interject, "Can you pour some sweet wine?"  A serious percentage of people here were just looking to drink, rather than learn about a winery or its portfolio.  That makes for a serious downgrade.So the one highlight?  There is one region of NC doing some exciting things with Bordeaux grapes- the Yadkin River Valley.  Just west and north of Winston-Salem, these guys apparently have the climate and technique down to get some pretty good juice.  I tasted a couple of Merlots that would do well in a blind taste test against more well-known competition.  I also tasted an oaked Chardonnay that need not bow down to any of the big Cali chards that rule the current market.  There is hope here, but sadly there was a lot of swill to get thru to find it.
3	This was my first year for this festival, and it seems like they have things well in hand.  Pretty standard fare for a festival, in fact.  They have taken over not only the symphony park area, but the parking lot next door.While that may sound like a lot of wine, you also need to understand that there are a ton of people who are wanting to partake.  And by partake, I mean drink.  And by drink, I mean as much at they can.My man Will mentioned the lack of attendees waiting your turn, and even the tents providing a less than ideal tasting experience, and I would have to agree on both counts.Generally the crowds around the tasting tents are clamoring for any drop of anything they can get rather than appreciating anything, while those pouring are not doing much more than trying to satiate the crowds.There are exceptions - some wineries would try to offer you the full breadth of their stable.  But they are few and far between.  And for the ticket price and sample size, you are not going to get your drink on here.
3	Great Grapes, in Symphony Park, is a great event that happens every year. Tons of folks come from all over to sample NC wines, enjoy some great local music, and enjoy a day in the park. Had the pleasure of spending the day at this event this past weekend. Here's my take:Pros:The wine selection is fun. I'm not the biggest wine connoisseur in the world, but it is fun to go around to the different wineries representing and sample some of their products. Food is definitely worth getting if you intend to spend a gratuitous amount of time at the park. This year, Southern Cake Queen and Roaming Fork were there. Also, they had the epitomized "fried food stands" that seem to make it out to every festival in town. Symphony Park is such a fun spot. Glad they have it here. It had a lot more character, and shade, than some of the other grounds around Charlotte. Cons:Security. These guys seem to only be "warm bodies" at times. So many people were walking around hammered and some were even tampering with vendors' stations. Not exactly a good mix. Hours of the festival are a bit long. I think a 5-hour festival is the max it should run. 8 hours allows people to get a little sloppy. All in all, I'm glad this festival is in Charlotte. Hope it gets better next year!
2	First time at the fest so we were really excited to learn about the wines, enjoy some music and taste some food. We purchased the more expensive VIP tickets at $35 instead of the regular entry of $25 which allowed for a special, entry barred tent and cheese snacks, as well as a seating area. Vast improvement is needed here to warrant charging the extra fee.The location of the VIP tent was a mystery, it was not on the map, and when I asked two different workers, they had no idea where it was. Once we stumbled on it, located near the front side by the mall so, you couldn't even hear the music from the band shell about a 1/4 mile away.As others have written before, people don't really know how to conduct themselves so everyone can enjoy the experience.  If people would wait their turns and not be pushy, the experience would be so much more enjoyable.*FYI* It is not a place to get drunk -though the price tag may imply that. The smartest people brought blankets to sit on, purchased bottles of wine and enjoyed the music.
2	This was my first time at the Great Grapes Festival, so I wasn't really sure what to expect.  We arrived a little early in hopes of checking in and scoring a good place to set up our chairs and table.  Once we got our tickets we were told to go ahead and enter the festival, as we started to walk to the gate we were accosted by a very hostile man who screamed at us to get back and that it wasn't time yet to go in.  Very RUDE!!!   Finally we were let in and we were able to find a semi shady spot which was key since the day turned out pretty hot.  We've been to a lot of different wineries around NC, so we were disappointed to see that the winery turn out was not that impressive.  Yadkin Valley has some of the better dry wines in NC and I was sad to not see many wineries from that region.  If you like sweet wines, then there were many to choose from, however if you prefer dry wines like we do, then you're SOL.  Overall, it was a pleasant day and we did find one wine that we enjoyed so we purchased a coupl of bottles and enjoyed our picnic.  I can't say that I will be coming back next year.
4	Love wine? This is the event for you.Rundown of what you need to know:-This is an event that IMO the VIP is not worth it. You don't really get all that much more. Some access to a VIP tent that has some cheese and samples of a few other wines. $25-26 for general admission is a great deal to enjoy a day of sips.-Bring chairs, blankets, etc and enjoy the day. This is a day long festival and Symphony Park is a great place to spend an afternoon. There's live music, food options for purchase and some different craft type tents to explore.-Parking is free. However, it's hard to find a spot if you don't get there early. The restaurants block off their parking areas and the mall is just busy in general. This is a drinking event. Take a cab or Uber.-I know it says you can bring kids, make it a family day and what not. However, people get super drunk. Wine drunk. Holy people watching drunk.-The crowds are not very good at the whole concept of making a line to get a sample after hours of consuming wine. You're going to get a little annoyed. Good thing you brought that blanket, right?-Seriously, drunk should be in 72 pt font here.I had a good time meeting all the different vineyards and vendors. I don't know a lot about wine. I buy based on what the label looks like. So, it was good to learn a little bit along the way.Just like Beer, Bourbon and BBQ (the same people put this on), I think this is a festival that gets a little bit better each year.
4	Came out to this festival after winning free tickets from Yelp....thanks Yelp!!! My husband and I had such a great time.We took Uber here as I had heard that you can easily drink waaaaay to much. That might have been an understatement and I am so glad we cabbed it! There were about 20 wineries present all allowing you unlimited samples. Not only did we take advantage of that but we also bought a bottle and drank it on our blanket while listening to the live music.-Parking is kind of limited cause it's at the mall, but you should find something if you choose to drive.-Bring a blanket and some snacks! I saw people out there with coolers too just making a day out of it.-Patience is key. Since most people are pretty drunk after way to many wine samples, lines are kind of non-existent. It seemed like everyone just thrusted their glass in to get a pour. My husband and I waited in the lines like normal adults and actually met a bunch of cool people that way and got a chance to actually learn about the wineriesAfterward, we walked on over to one of the restaurants in the SouthPark area. Awesome Saturday!
3	Echo all the comments on lines.  A mini wine tasting at the front of every booth for every person equals long lines.  Long festival, so definitely take your time, bring some chairs or blankets, listen to the music or get a balloon hat!
