4	This place is kind of like a furniture Disneyland.  I might say that was just me, until you see the crowds of people that come through here every day.  This place has a decent sized parking lot - but there are many times you have to park at a neighboring business.  They sell new furniture that's still in the plastic.  They sell new-ish furniture that is being re-sold.  They sell older, vintage and antique furniture as well.  And the stuff is PACKED into their warehouse.  Don't come here wearing high heals or a skirt as you may need to be on your feet for awhile, and you may need to step over things to get to that "have to have" piece.  Sofas, rocking chairs, mattresses, dressers, desks, dining room tables/chairs, giant hand carved mahogany entry pieces, entertainment units, bars, art, knick-knacks of all kinds.  Prices used to be better, but you can still find some amazing deals.  But be prepared to find it a way home as they don't deliver anything and they'll only hold it for a limited time.  And once it's sold - it's gone for good.
4	Pricy but fun!
4	Have you ever been on a treasure hunt? J and K kinda feels like a scavenger hunt for household furniture. You are looking for something but you never know what you will find. Some stuff looks like Goodwill rejects while other pieces of furniture look  like class upscale model home stuff. I never know what to think of this place. Today we walked thru looking for a table for grandma and a bunkbed for the youngest. Sometimes it's a needle in a hay stack but sometimes it's a glorious treasure.  No luck today. Prices seem fairly reasonable.  I have heard it's better to go early on a weekday if you a truly looking for something specific.  Good Luck!
4	Our quest for the PERFECT coffee table has ended. Thanks to J & K Furniture, I found a super cool oval coffee table that I've been trying to find for at least 8 months now. The store is a large warehouse of furniture that might be new, might be floor model, might be a left over from overstock--- who knows and who cares because the prices are so right, it doesn't matter. Make sure you wear comfortable shoes and expect to do some climbing around to maneuver around all the stuff.  The staff was very helpful and quick to help load items in your car too!
4	I have shopped here for years. It's a great place to go if you know you need something but you're flexible on the details.It is like a treasure hunt.Recently, I picked up a dining table & chairs for only $70. It was exactly what I was looking for ! It was a steal!The only negative is that it can be difficult to get help if you have questions. The few people up at the check out desk are usually busy & there isn't anyone wandering the floor to help or answer questions. But the deals are usually worth the wait!
3	This place is like if every Craigslist seller with furniture collaborated a huge yard sale.3 stars to be fair, since I didn't buy.
3	This used furniture store is like walking into a garage sale that spreads over several acres.  It is gigantic - and fascinating.  They have everything from cheap dressers to monstrous ornately carved book shelves that would barely fit in a mansion.   It is an ongoing show, changing as old furniture is sold, and new shipments are brought in.  I have seen everything from cheaply made $5 night stands to bed frames that run into the tens of thousands.Like a garage sale, there are no salesman - you just kind of wander around and look at all of the furniture.  This has it's plus and minuses - there is no high pressure, but if you have any questions, you have to go out of your way to find someone.I haven't bought anything, but I have spent several hours wandering around looking at everything.  The first time I went they just didn't have anything that I was interested in.  But I do go back when I am in the area, just to look at what new pieces have been brought in, as I know at some point, they will have something I want.
1	What a crap hole of furniture selection! Everything here seems somewhat over priced and most of it seems USED! Not what I was in the market for. What they do have is just awfully ugly. I could have gone to a swap meet and found nicer stuff.I was really saddened after walking through it. Ugh!And as we were leaving, we got to witness a homeless family going through the dumpster in the front of the store. SO TOTALLY DEPRESSED by the whole experience!
5	This place was a life saver!! I needed a dresser, I found a dresser! and a really cool shelf for a completely affordable price. And by dresser I mean a dresser, goregous all wood (maple I believe) beautifully designed 9 drawer, brass handled dresser. The movers we're so helpful in loading it on the truck, everyone there nice and friendly. You can furnish a whole house in that store with the quality, pre-owned/sometimes new furniture they have at seriously unbeatable prices. What a great company. If you need something like a huge luxurious couch, beautiful kitchen table, chair, bed frame, nigh stand, coffee table, hutch, entertainment cabinet, lamp or armoire and you have a tight budget, look no further, get something worth the money- to hell with Ikea!
3	Seemed like a cool place.  Sorta run down and ghetto-ish, but I took my grandma to pick up a new jewelry cabinet she bought.  When I got in there, the people were running around helping everyone out.  The girl took our ticket and we went off to locate the piece of furniture.I gotta say, even though I was in and out in 10min, I wouldn't mind going back here and really check the place out.  They had a ton of used stuff that i wanted and the prices were great.I guess it was a yard sale day because outside on blankets it looked as it 10 different yard sales were going on.Cool place..
4	If you don't shop for furniture here than you aren't a Phoenix insider.  I've purchased several pieces, at reasonable prices, over the years.  Your stuff won't look like anyone else's.  You need to visit frequently because furniture turns over that quickly AND it's a fun afternoon adventure.  The majority of the furniture is resale from estate sales although they do have some new pieces.  Next door is a cool accessory shop.  I'm moving from a big house to a condo and have to keep telling myself NO don't buy anything until you move into the new place and feel the space.
4	Although I didn't find anything here I would reccomend it if you are looking for used furniture that is on the shabby chic side, but still needs to be remodelled.chic-ed up a bit! I went in with very specific ideas of what I was looking for, and they didn't have it this time but I would come back in the future. As the other reviewer wrote, don't wear heels or a skirt! It is a little rough around the edges, but I am a Londoner so maybe this was part of it's appeal!
5	This place is awesome! Great selection, great prices! Employees are super nice and helpful. got a great deal on a sectional today. Steve g- I'm sorry that you can't afford furniture that isn't sold at a swap meet, and witnessed a family that had less money than you. My advice: cash in your 401k, go to ikea where everything is new and shiny and cheap, where security keeps the less fortunate off the property, and have a great time. For the rest of you normal people, who want unique finds at the lowest prices-shop here.
3	I would say that it is a fair assessment to say that it is like every CL seller got together to hold one big furniture sale. I watched them stocking incoming furniture and there was really no rhyme or reason to it, basically placing furniture where ever there was empty space. Furniture was both new and used, with the used furniture free of stains and rips (at least as far as I could tell).Couches and chairs are a great find here, but I think you could find better armoires at the thrift stores or on CL. I found some huge throne-like chairs so I was a bit excited about that. It was a bit warm inside so remember to dress lightly for furniture shopping!
5	Awesome experience, great price, delivery the same day!!!This Sunday, my husband and I went to J&K to see if we could find a dining room set (table and 6 chairs) that would accommodate our needs. After a while in this warehouse we found a set we loved, and we calculated it was priced 75% off of a regular furniture store, we just had to buy it. Then we were told the buffet behind it  was included, now this set was 90% off - better yet, they delivered the same day. I could not be happier....
3	Ehh, this place was neither good nor bad, I left empty-handed because 1) I couldn't find a desk I wanted or within my price range and 2) there wasn't anybody within sight to flag down for assistance. There were some people sitting at tables at the entrance, but it would be more helpful if there were tables throughout the store too, as it's a pretty big place.I went on a cool day, so the store didn't seem unbearably hot. It was a bit musty, and there was dust on some of the pieces.I'll go back another time when there might be some "new" stock available.
4	This place is hit or miss. I went in here a handful of times and finally found a china hutch that was similar to what I was looking for. Got for a decent price and will have to get it fixed up.. Needs new paint job, glass etc. but for the price can't beat if you don't mind giving it a little tlc.
1	My family and I bought a living room sectional couch Last summer from J & K Furniture on Bell Rd. We were given a 1 year warranty on the purchase.  Good thing we have a warranty ( So we thought) because we had to have them come out to remove staples that were poking us and the leather had to be stretched out on the backside of the couch and re-nailed because it was not done properly in the factory or it may have broken free while on the boat from China. One day my wife tried to layout on the recliner on the couch when she heard a snapping noise. The noise was 2 broken carriage bolts. We called them to get it replaced. They refused to fix it and would not honor the warranty. We're in the process of pursuing this from a legal stand point. I will never buy anything from this place again.
5	Came to find unique furniture for my home. Found a great deal on a coffee table and sideboard.  Was surprised that they also sold new furniture.  Got a deal on a couch.  All items got delivered. Staff is friendly and helpful.
