2	The food's not bad...typical Jack in the Box, but the drive thru service at this location is HORRIBLE, and the employees are the rudest I've met at any fast food joint.9 out of 10 times you'll be asked to "pull up front so they can bring it out to you", even if there's no cars behind you.Then you get to sit and wait until one of them feels like walking out to your car.Maybe I'm getting old, but isn't a "Drive Thru" supposed to prevent  finding a parking spot and sitting and waiting idea?DON'T go here if you're in a hurry, or looking for friendly service.
2	It's Jacks, what did ya expect haha.
2	this sucks that I have to write this sucky review because this is my neighborhood jack in the crack.  drive thru: don't usually have a problem with the drive thru... [tho I did have an incident last year with one guy who got really anal about taking a coffee order after I had driven away from the squawk box.  after I had refused to drive back around.. and make another order [yes, per his instruction] I threatened to scrap my order all together for having the audacity to tell me to do so.  after my husband said his piece..  he finally agreed to add it to our order, before making a smart ass remark about 'the next time..'  I swear I was bout to go mcnugget mad on this  and put my fist through the window for that nonsense! I never saw him again.  he freaking acted like I forgot an order of 13 meals.  it was just coffee. it was just coffee dude.  I was dumbstruck because dumb asses rub off on me!  ugh.  best of luck in life buddy.  it is not that serious.eating inside: hmph.. what can I say.  the employees are not geniuses... and it obvious.  there's like 2 ppl who understand what customer service is and the rest who didn't make it to that training. so 2 stars to those employees. we walked in one night for dinner.. and a girl was standing at the in between the counter and the kitchen.  it was jack in the box so we knew what we wanted and were ready to order as soon as we came in.  her rude ass I think was working drive thru this night.. so letting us know that someone else was gonna come out to help us was out of the question.  instead, she turned her pink underwear, big butt, low rider jean wearing ass and acted like we weren't there.  after we told her we were ready to order, is when she called the other lady.. [a much older woman] who I'mglad to say was apologetic and friendly... tables in this particular jack n the box could be better kept.. we had to ask the lady to wipe a table for us before we sat down. sigh..  I always hope that a neighborhood chain does justice.. but that's just one to many fails when it comes to customer service. idk who the he'll is hiring? mcdonalds maybe? but.. gaaaaah!  get it together!
5	Hey, this is a really good Jack In The Box. Here are some considerations why this review is 5-stars.*) The drive-thru has never been anything else but stellar performance (card swipe even, with PayPass if you have it). Kim K. might have had a bad experience, but I never have. I like Amanda who works there.  She has a characteristic personality that makes me *always* look forward to ordering through the drive-thru. And she is genuinely polite and conscientious.*) I have never gotten sick from *this* Jack In The Box.*) The other employees with which I have come into contact have all been motivated and respectable (unlike many other fast-food places). *) The interior is well-cared-for. Always clean. Soda machines never empty. *) Value is appropriate. Price is stable and acceptable.*) And .... open 24/7.What's not to like? Why, in any dimension, would you not rate this specific location 5-stars? This is an example of how to run a Jack In The Box correctly, in my opinion. You payin' attention, Jack?
1	Slowest one yet!
3	I Always thought I lived in a good neighborhood. Then I visit Jack's here and find graffiti  carved into the tabletops? Food was pretty good for Fast Food so maybe I will use the drive thru next time.
1	This jack in the box is horrible. Every time I go they mess something up and it's always something very simple. Last time I ordered a jumbo jack with cheese got home no cheese. So this time I think to myself I'll outsmart the jumbo jack guys and check to see if I got cheese and yep there's cheese phew. Get home and bam no kind of condiments on the burger what so ever. Please avoid this jack in the box.
