1	Absolutely horrible.  Went to the first location at Tatum and Cave Creek.  Told her I needed spray tan.  She let me fill out paperwork while she chatted away on her phone and then told me the one sprayer they had was down. Not sure why she didn't tell me at first.  Then sent me to the location a mile away. Got to the next location and my information wasn't entered correctly from the first so she had to find someone else to fix it.  Then after paying, and 30 minutes of trying, found their sprayer was broken too. They told me I'd have to wait 2-3 days and then call back to speak with a manager about getting a refund for the services I never received. You take an hour of my life and my money and won't even refund it when you can't provide the service? Horrible. Bunch of kids running the place with a manager who has no idea what customer service is about.
1	Will never go back! I had a similar experience as the other reviewer Brian A. They were recently bought and became affiliated with Celebrity Tanning and I had bought multiple spray tans a few months prior. When I went to the location at Tatum and Cave creek, I said I wanted a spray tan. She proceeded to tell me how many people weren't transferred over from the previous owner so she has no way of knowing if I have tans or not but will have someone call me. I was expecting this to be a quick in and out but now I'm filling in a form to be entered in the computer, am worried I've lost money if they don't find my tans. Then after all of that she says the machine is broken right when I think we are done and I can tan! She sends me up the road to the celebrity tan where it got worse.  It is more expensive than it ever was before. Frustrated to buy a tan when I already have some, been given the run around, I'm not in the computer and they can't call a manager about my tans. Kids running the place that have no idea about making something right with a customer. Left there leaving my phone number for the mgr to call me about my tans. They never called. I called them and they said they found I have 3 tans when I had 7. Went to use one and they have a new machine ( tatum location) and it turned me orange. Previous machine never did that. They can keep my two remaining tans that would just  make me orange. Don't give a company like this your business unless they start treating customers as they should and train and empower the kids that work there to help customers.
1	Went to Diva Tanning paid $28.00  for a spray tan to only walk out of the  room with what looked like  coffee grounds all over my face and body...... I  should have walked out  when the ding bat front desk girl couldn't answer my questions. She was also on her cell phone from check in to check out. I asked her if the brown spots were normal & she said she see's it on a lot of people. I ended going home & washing it off!!! Out 45 mins of my day and $28.00. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE. On a positive note my mom & brother got a good laugh at me :)
1	My daughter went for her first time last night to Diva after purchasing through Groupon.  She was told she had to wait until for the previous client to finish. When that client came out she reported the machine was not working properly. My daughter was told she would have to come back the following day, which she did in the afternoon. She got there and was told the computers were not working so had to go to a different location down the street. Upon finishing her tan she came out totally blotchy and speckled. The attendant claimed to have never seen that happen and contacted her manager. My daughter was told to go home and shower to try and wash it off. Sounds to me after reading the previous reviews this is not an isolated incident.  Hoping they can make it right on some level. :(
1	Posted 10 months ago about a bad experience. Had someone follow up within 2 weeks. Gave me a number of a person to contact who would offer free services to make up for the situation. I've now called 10 times in 10 months and left 10 messages asking for a return call. Have yet to hear back and while I appreciated the original contact, 10 messages later should have gotten a response.
