4	The most important thing to note is that this place shares a kitchen with the good Italian restaurant, Uncle Sals.  We happened to find this place when I was going to Office Max in the same complex.  We stepped in to check it out as the signs outside advertised a large selection of beer and wine to go.  While we were not overly impressed with the amount of beer and wine to go (about 20 varieties of imported 6 packs and about 20 wines), we were impressed with the menu.   I really like Uncle Sals so I knew the food would be good, and it was right up the alley of my picky fiance.We went here for Valentines day as we figured it would not be too packed, we were right.  They offer some nice wines by the glass and imported beers at a very reasonable price.  The menu consists of burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs (Vienna Beef), pizza, calzones and some sides.  The dessert menu is limited to blue bunny ice cream.  There is a small bar at the rear and about 10 tables.  It is very small and has a nice vibe.We both ordered personal pizzas and they were very good.  The service was attentive and the food came promptly, even though Uncle Sals next door was PACKED.  I have only been here once to eat, but the first impression was very good.  I wish they would add a couple of salads to the menu as in the summer that is often all I am in the mood for.  I think they need to tweak the menu a bit and I'd like to try it again before I really commit, but for now it is four stars.I plan on going back soon, even just to have some Peroni on tap!
3	Side Door, West on Hayde, a small location that does it right.  If you respect the Chicago area you will recognize Vienna beef right away.  I really enjoy the italian beef at this location, its hard to find a place that serves Italian Beef (see Defalcos Scottsdale Rd).  Bianca was our server and was very helpful for my first time, at the restaurant. If you live in the area check this place out for a quick bite to eat.  Where are all the other reviews?
4	Well, love the location because it is practically next door, and it is one of those little bars/pubs that feels like home upon walking in the door.Like Rhonda J., we were lured by the advertisement of a large beer and wine selection.  Like Rhonda J., we were not impressed with the varieties, all of which can be found at your local grocery store.  The exception was that they served La Rossa Italian beer, a favorite of my date.  What caught my eye was that the ice cream cooler was behind the bar!What we liked about the menu was its prices: most sandwiches are $5.95 and $6.95.  Everything (e.g., fries) is sold separately.  Beer was a fair $3.50 each.There was no one but us and the bartender/server/waitress at the time we stopped for lunch at 3PM in the afternoon.  She was very personable, but I think we want to try it again when there are more people there.  We'll definitely be back to try it again!
5	I would like the welcome this place as my new favorite hangout.They have good wine and beer at unbeatable prices.  They also offer beer to go.  Normally restaurants that offer beer to go jack up the price, they do not.  Some beers are cheaper here than liquor stores.The food is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  I think the most expensive item on the menu is $8.  They only have pizza and sandwiches.  Their french dip is the best I have ever had.  I ordered it with onions and peppers.  The dip was amazing.I've also had the chicken sandwich twice and it's to die for.  This place is worth your time for either lunch or dinner.
5	I have never actually eaten inside the Side Door -- we are strictly take-out customers here, and we are very satisfied ones. Their burgers are absolutely giant and really, really good. I've also had and loved the Italian beef sandwhich (french dip) and their Mediterranean chicken sandwich is awesome. My only complaint is the fries usually don't travel well and I've never been all that wowed by the pizza. But this place rocks as a great, inexpensive take-out option.
5	My review of the Side Door is way overdue. This is my go-to neighborhood spot when I feel like a sandwich and a beer. Or just a sandwich. Or just a beer. The Side Door shares a kitchen with Uncle Sal's, so you know the food is going to be solid. They have a great Mediterranean chicken sandwich, Stella, Peroni, 1554 and root beer on draft, and even have ice cream.Equally equipped for dinner or lunch, as their wine selection is fairly extensive too.
4	So. . . I think the name is very misleading. I have thought about stopping in before, but I also thought this place was a deli counter with the usual sandwiches and a little ice cream. I would have been surprised.  My sister talked me into trying it out for a quick bite before our Thursday night class.  This place is like a neighborhood pub should be.  The wood bar is warm and inviting. The Side Door is small - very small.  Even though this is obviously a neighborhood joint, we didn't feel uncomfortable grabbing a table. For every 70-something that was at a table, there was  a 20-something at the bar.The food was not amazing but it was decent and reasonably priced.  We split a Greek salad and a roasted veggie pizza.  The veggies were great, the crust, nothing to write home about, but could repeat.  I want to come back and try some of the sandwiches.  Somehow I have a feeling the Italian beef would be a hit. . .
2	I have eaten here at least 3 times and enjoyed my meal once.  Sandwich today was so ordinary, lacking flavor, and boring!  Corned Beef had no flavor, probably was nothing more than grocery store bought deli meat, on bread from the same day old shelf at the grocery store.  No draft soda to boot so I drank out of a plastic bottle?  This is something I would expect from the sandwich vendor in the slowest part of a flailing airport terminal.  Certainly does not meet my expectations of a quaint, neighborhood establishment.  There was a Circle K nearby, maybe that is where they got the sandwich!
4	It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.... Loving Side Door!  We had tried it once for takeout and were not overwhelmed by it, but since it's a hop, skip and a jump away from our place, we decided to try it again and dine -in! The menu is not published online, so if you're wondering... it basically serves sandwiches, salads and pizza, all made fresh.  We both ordered pizza.  My bf was particularly excited that they had Peroni on tap!  You need to check out the picture of the portion of wine they served... reminded me of my grandpa, always filling the glass to the top! The pizza was very good, I had the 5 cheese and you could actually taste the gouda and fontina, it was greasy, fattening and fantastic! Bf had the El Pollo pizza with artichokes, mushroom, sundried tomato, chicken, and olives with a balsamic drizzle.  He loved it.  There was a small band playing that night and the place was pretty busy. There was one girl serving the entire place and she was a rockstar, never missed a beat!  We are looking forward to our next visit.  I think we found our new neighborhood bar!
4	Lived around the corner from this place for over a year. Long overdue for a visit!We went for lunch and sat at the bar. Had a rootbeer float which was A+++++ yum! My friend had the Italian Bee and LOVED it. Said it reminded him of the little mom and pop shops in Chi-Town and Beantown. I had the margherita pizza which had the softest and melt in your mouth slices of tomatoes EVAH!!! A good choice for a good, simple meal :)
4	This is going to sound funny, but I really wanted a hotdog for dinner the other night.  My Yelper boyfriend surprised me with this joint, and I surely got my wish.  Conveniently located next door to us, we hopped over there to find a great spot.  We went on a Wednesday and happen to go on a night a band was playing.  I got the vienna hotdog with a side of the four-cheese mac, and I was living it up kindergarten style.  I enjoyed it with my ice cold Peroni and tapped my toe to the beat of the band.  I asked the manager, and they do music every week with a rotation of bands.  I'm looking forward to going back when I'm having a hotdog hankering and a live music itch.
3	The atmosphere of this place is great! Very friendly and local feel to it. I tried a few things here:- Zucchini & onion rings: pretty good, but nothing special- Garbage salad: very tasty and fresh!- Pizza: Great crust and toppings- Rootbeer float: Yummy!The best thing about this place is the price. So cheap!The server was very friendly and attentive. However, when we asked for separate checks, she seemed upset. I would tell her to lighten up!
5	This is my ideal neighborhood bar!It's the perfect spot to sit, hang out with a couple of good people, and enjoy a glass of wine or a nice beer. The beer/wine selections are quite good, with some obscure stuff.My bartender (Jenna) was awesome, and very friendly. It's such a chill place, that when the bartenders get off their shift, they will sit at the bar and have a beer. Most places I go, the staff has the desire to GTFO (and I can understand that), but this place is different.It's small, perfect and locals only. No pretentious Scottsdale types. No one is concerned about their appearances, or their fashion. People are comfortable in their own skin, and "it is what it is." Bring a date here. She'll either be turned off that a bar is next door to a UPS Store, or flattered that you care enough to take her to a nice place, where you can sip wine or a nice beer while having a meaningful conversation.
4	Best Stromboli I've had outside of NY or Chi-town. There is a place in Flagstaff that's pretty close. I kid you not, the bread was fresh, the cheese was thick and the meat inside had so much flavor. I only ate half of it. Now, they have a good selection of beer and wine and the atmosphere seemed friendly for a night with a friend or with your family. It's small and quaint. I ordered take out and we had to wait about 15 minutes after driving 20 minutes to get our food, but thats the only knock I have. Our server was very nice (good looking too). I'd go back for something else on the menu and a beer. I'll be back.
5	Really great service. The waitress Jenna is the kinda girl that remembers your name and order. Shares a kitchen with Uncle Sal's so you know the food is to die for. Order the Cadillac with a $2 bottle of Red Sessions. I promise you won't be disappointed!
4	I really am a big fan of this place. I've been here about four or five times over the last year and am always happy with it. Granted I always order the quesadilla and a glass of red - but it always hits the spot.I love that it's a quaint little place and the bartender - I think her name is Jenna - is always super sweet. She always pours a big glass of wine too. I can't always finish it!As most have said - it's a great neighborhood bar.
3	I expected more out of The Side Door.I love Uncle Sals, so I had high expectations for this place. However, the service was lacking, and frankly a little rude. And the food wasn't flavorful in the least bit. I came here with my boyfriend because he was constantly raving about picking up lunch from them. It was his first time dining in, and obviously my first visit, and neither of us were impressed. And it took twenty five minutes to get two sandwiches, that we had to scarf down so my boyfriend could get back to work.I might try this place again, maybe.
5	We are longtime neighborhood customers of this place.  I've been hesitant to write a review because I didn't want to share this place with everyone and their mother.  However, it seems the word has gotten out.  Though I give this place a 5-star, lately it is slipping only because of the fact that the place is filling up and becoming more difficult to get a seat.What do I like?  Pretty much everything on the menu is great.  My fav right now is the Portabello sandwich. But I like the vegie pizza because they grill the vegie's before they put them on the pizza, so they aren't soggy.I also love their spicy shrimp appetizer when I don't want to eat a big meal.But I save the best for last.  The pours of wine here are the best.  Purchase your wine by the glass because it is a better deal then to purchase a bottle.  It's a good thing I'm in walking distance of this place.  Side Door does sell wine and beer to go though.  And the prices are good for the convenience of taking one to-go.And we do love Jenna, who runs the place.  When we come on a night when Jenna isn't working, the experience just isn't the same.
4	Found this spot via Yelp and really enjoyed it overall.The food and drinks were very good, the portions generous and the prices fair.I like how it's a very unassuming place with a "speak-easy' kind of vibe to it.  You can certainly tell it has it's regulars which adds character to the place.The service was ok.  The young girl tending the bar / taking orders seemed more interested in talking to her drunk friends at the bar.I'd like to go back one evening for drinks and to hang out a bit.
1	What is worse, the horrible service or the interminable wait for mediocre, cold food?  45 minutes for an appetizer that was prepared from frozen and an hour wait for a salad were unacceptable.  Couple that with the surly attitude from the waitress and the fact that our entree was served cold and it was a waste of an evening.  Not worth a first visit, let alone a return one.
4	Good and inexpensive. If you live close byit will quickly become your go to early week favorite.
2	Service is sooooo slow! It took 30 minutes to get a sandwich and a hotdog. I should have listened to the previous reviews and the man in front of me asking where is his food was for the third time. The food was just okay. I wouldn't recommend.
5	I love this place! awesome food, great beer/wine selection. A really relaxed atmosphere. Thursdays they have .75 ice scream scoops, and they're kid friendly. Generous pour when you order a glass of wine, always a good thing in my book!Jenna and Brooklyn are the only two that have served us and both and fantastic!!!
4	Went here for Dinner with four other friends, servings are large, I thought the prices were pretty cheap!  Pastrami sliders, Stromboli, Calzone, were all good. Nice beer selection, our food came out pretty quick.  Great marinara sauce.Good neighborhood vibe going on..
5	Love this place! Nice little find for a great place for dinner with friends.  The quesadilla is amazingly filling. Great salad, pizzas, beer!
4	Do NOT be fooled by the mediocre exterior of The Side Door.  The sign outside is indicating they have "Great hot dogs."  Now me.....not a fan of hot dogs, BUT the food that is served at The Side Door goes much further than just hot dogs.  The simple yet well made entree's could make you second guess on what you ordered, but regardless of what you order.....you won't be disappointed.  I had the Chicken Pesto pizza.  I wanna get it again....but there are too many things on the menu to just stay on one entree the next time I come back.  Not to mention the LARGE selection of wine and non overpriced beers that they have on the menu.  Try the Sonora White Chocolate beer.  HOLY HELL its good!!  Not too sweet, good on the alcohol (4.7%) and it comes in a LARGE bottle. The quiet, low lite (sexy) ambiance and quite affordable menu of "The Side Door" will make you want to come back with anyone that is willing to go with you.  The only reason why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 stars...is that there were a lot of old people in there.  I like old people....just not when they are just sitting and staring at each other.  When you do go  to The Side Door Corner Store ...make sure you ask your waiter why its called "The Side Door" ;-)
4	Could not be a bigger fan of this little spot. Prices are great, food is fantastic, and the beer selection is pretty good too. Favorite thing: Check out the Pastrami & CHeddar Sliders on the appetizer menu. Practically their own entree and...wait for it....LESS than $2!I go fairly often and ahve not been disappointed. You will not be either.
4	One of our favorite neighborhood spots! Great service (generally--there's usually just one server, so you may wait on a busy night), great food, and great beer (and wine) selection. Their pizzas are just ok, as I've found some of the items to be on the menu. But, overall, Side Door is great.
3	Pizza's were great, as were the appetizers, the med calzone not the top of the pops..... Let's suggest the pizza and the Stella on tap!
5	If you're looking for a bar / grill where everybody knows your name this is it...Great little joint with big savings on really great food. Side Door shares a kitchen with Uncle Sal's which is some of the best Italian food I've had in the valley. (Sal's - is a great date spot).I recommend the sliders... $2.50 - are you kidding me? packed with fresh meat and they'll even let ya swap out ingredients if you ask - I prefer: Corned Beef, with Swiss, some grilled onions and topped off with Thousand Island dressing.Their short ribbed dumplings are killer! & of course the pizzas are always great - also if you're from Chicago they've got you covered on the Chi-dogs!The best part is there's live music a couple nights a month & they have a liquor license that lets them sell to go!!! That's right people - I head over sometimes just to grab a six pack - mix & match your own domestic & imports for only $8.50! Some of the beers they have are hard to find - my fav right now is Goose Island's Matilda Belgian Ale. SO GOOD!!!The staff are friendly - I'm a little biased because my GF bartends their (Amber), but we've been going to the place long before she worked their :) The regulars are great fun and it's just an all around great joint to add to the list. Don't miss out on this local treasure & remember to sit at the bar & strike up a conversation cause everyone wants to know your name! I'll probably be there :)
5	Wow!!!  Amazing food, great beer selection, and awesome prices.  Definitely my new favorite place!
5	Their prices are incredible. My boyfriend and I shared the chicken wings and Greek salad... both were delicious. I got a glass of wine as well and our total bill was about $20. The wings are grilled after they're tossed so they're less messy but the flavor has soaked in. So good. This place was packed on a Friday night but we were able to get a table right away. If you go at peak hours you may expect to wait a little bit for a seat, and don't be in a hurry to get your food. They had one server for the whole place when I was there. But, I knew this going in and wasn't in a hurry, so it really didn't bug me that much.I've heard they have live music here too. I'm new to the neighborhood so I'll definitely be back!
4	Great find.  Cozy, good food.  Started with the grilled spicy shrimp and chicken wing appetizers and waitress recommended Vodka sauce pizza with shrimp.  Very good. Service was prompt and friendly.
5	Great spot in a great neighborhood.  Side Door has everything for everyone.  It is a tiny spot with a big menu.  I recommend getting there early for a table or seat at the bar.  After a long day, this is my go-to place for pizza.  When I'm craving carbs, I order their Blanco pizza....Yummy!  This place is always packed with regulars and has homey feel.  The drinks are reasonably priced.  They offer live music on certain nights.  I can't wait to stop in!
4	Stopped here after signing some loan docs at AZ Fed, but I should have been here many times before since I literally live 2 blocks away. I saddled up to the bar for afternoon lunch and maybe a beer. I decided it's 2 in the afternoon and one beer might lead to another so I skipped the beer and just got food. I ordered the fish sandwich with potato salad from the server behind the bar. While waiting, he kept me company and joked around a little bit so I felt pretty welcomed as a solo diner but it was a little overpowering while eating. This place is definitely a regulars kind of place, it seemed everyone in there knew each other but I didn't feel out of place. Alright, foods up.It was pretty big piece of fish, definitely worth $7. I couldn't weigh it because it didn't come with the scales!!! It was super fresh and moist and tasted excellent and the potato salad was also really good. Was it the most amazing fish sandwich I've ever had? No, I can't even name the most amazing fish sandwich I've had so it probably doesn't exist yet.
5	This place is as good as it gets!!  Love the prices - they're actually reasonable!  The food is pretty good and high quality.  The beer and wine selection is awesome.  AND they don't feel the need to blast the music - you can actually appreciate the quiet chatter of  the room.  Live music some days.  LOVE this place!!
5	Live down the street great place, good cheap food.
3	Love the food at Side Door but (BUT) maaaannnn the service... its a 50/50 shot... it can be good or it can be BAD. Sometimes I feel the need to say, "oh... pardon me for stopping in for food and drinks -- I thought this was a restaurant... didn't mean to intrude." :/  It's all good though, the Pizza Vesuvio makes up for it.
4	portobello mushroom sandwich!  Yummmmmmm.  Service can be a bit on the slow side but the food is always worth the wait.  Fill the down time with drinks and conversation :0)
3	A tiny bar with a relaxing atmosphere that is perfect to stop into for a beer. But, that's about the only thing I am coming in for. I've been here 5-10 times and every time I have come for just a beer I have enjoyed myself. The dim lighting, enjoyable music, tasty beer, and good company has always been a good time. But the times that I got food, I've always been disappointed. Twice my hotdog bun had hard cold spots like it was previously frozen and then the hotdog was burning hot. The burger had absolutely no flavor even after the waitress recommended it for being the most flavorful burger in Scottsdale. The service has also always been pretty slow.
5	I've been here many times more than I've checked in on yelp.  I miss the wait staff I've grown to love.  Turn overs here seems a bit high, but the food and service still remains wonderful.  The best item on the menu is the grilled wings.  Best wings you'll ever try.  Since they're grilled, no messy fingers, just yum!
5	The dumplings are to die for... So are the grilled spicy shrimp... And when nothing on the menu is more than $15.95, which is a large specialty pizza, you can't beat it. Oh! And their soup of the day is always homemade and always amazing!
4	Great pizza! Phenomenal, Brooklyn-style crust and a variety of interesting toppings makes this 'za repeat worthy!Also, the grilled chicken wings are a must! Delicious!
4	I'm a sucker for anything pesto so I thought I would try their Chicken Pesto Sandwich. It was excellent! The bread was warm and crusty, the lettuce and tomato tasted fresh and the pesto was basil-y and delicious.  The food did take longer than usual on this visit, but they are usually pretty quick. The service was stellar--one waitress for an almost full place and she still was able to refill my drink promptly without having to ask for it.
4	Quaint small place to grad a drink and a bite to eat. We've eaten there a couple of times, and never been disappointed. Last night, we decided to try the chicken pesto pizza. YUM! Super tasty pesto without being oily (ie greasy pizza), mixed with the sun dried tomatoes, caramelized onions, and chicken was so tasty! In fact, the leftovers will be dinner tonight. =) Generous pours on the wine are nice too. My friend got the portobello mushroom sandwich, and it also looked super tasty. My daughter enjoyed her hot dog and ate the whole thing. She then played 20 questions with our waiters, who graciously played along. We'll certainly be back. Did see that they do live music too!
4	I am definitely a fan of the Side Door! My favorites on the menu include any of the calzones (They are massive!) the Santa Fe chicken pizza, and the California Chicken Salad. The pastrami slides are a steal at 1.95 but are a little dry! And the nights with live music are such a treat! Overall good atmosphere and good food.
1	Just had dinner at the side door.  We've been long time customers and it's getting harder and harder to find a reason to like this place.  As mentioned so often,  the service is slow!  There really is no reason for this.  Prices have gone up and the food is not as good. Tried the pesto sandwich tonight at $8!!!! No flavor!  No side of course.  But the kicker is that it's not even a full chicken breast.  Really?  $8 for a partial chicken on a sandwich?  So disappointed in so many ways.  I need to remember to not come back.  Love their wings, but we'll just order them to go next time.
3	This place was kind of strange. There was 1 waitress 1 bar tender. To sum up the service, I kind of felt like I had done something wrong because they kept slamming down our drinks and food. However, the place was packed and they were understandably  in a hurry so I guess it's understandable. We had the crab bisque that was on special. It was like Progresso canned potato soup plus imitation crab (not good). The quesadilla appetizer was really good. It's a flatbread with caramelized onions, steak, and this great cilanto dip. It was kind of greasy but still delicious. We were so so on the pizza. It was also greasy, as well as a bit bland and watery. It had a thin crust that tasted good but was lacking crispiness.
4	Chicago dogs, meatballs, sausage sando, Mac and cheese, brownie....WOW!  Even picky kids loved the food.   Hours are a bit tight, but that must be the norm in AZ.
4	Having only sampled part of the menu I give a 5 star to the burger, one of the best in the area and reasonably priced.  Next menu item is the Stromboli; quality ingredients and not greasy, I should have asked for it to be cooked a little more on the well done side of the scale it was slightly under cooked hence the 4 stars pizza is on par with the Stromboli same quality ingredients .  Will definitely be going back.  Friends give high ratings to the Chicago dogs.
5	I found this place by accident, thought it was like a little store..... I love this place, the service is always excellent, the bartenders are awesome and make u feel so comfortable. The food is awesome, never have had a bad experience or poor food. I recommend it to peeps all the time.
5	My review is only based on a limited sampling of the menu, but based on my experience I have no doubt that the rest of their offerings are great.  The managed to serve a pretty darn good Philly Cheesesteak!  That alone earns them extra stars.Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is cozy, and as others have pointed out it definitely has the vibe of a locals bar (which in Old Town is not a bad thing!)
5	When I lived by this place I was a regular. Great food. Hard not to like what they make, they usually do it just right. The calzone I would get here is better than anywhere else I have tried one. Reasonable pricing, worth what you get.
5	This place will be your new go-to neighborhood spot. Their grilled wings are absolutely to die for; perfectly crisp outside, juicy and tender chicken. A whole carafe of wine is $10 so you can enjoy a low key night for pretty cheap. Try their braised spare rib ravioli... Holy heaven.
5	This place rocks! Awesome food and exceptional beer!! If you're a wings fan you will love how they prepare them. Lightly fried and then grilled, simply fantastic! If you're a craft beer enthusiast, you will love their wide variety of reasonable craft selections!  A fantastic local establishment that never let's you down. Great service, excellent food, exceptional beer and wine options(at reasonable prices) topped with a unique atmosphere! I'd recommend this place to anyone:-))!
3	Nice place in my neighborhood. Have been there a couple of times before. Food is decent but today was a total disappointment. They advertised a Tuesday special - Chicago Hot Dog with an amazing picture on their FB page. Reality was far from the pic... You got a poppy seed bun with a hot dog and ketchup and mustard. Had to ask for onions and relish (which looked like some artificial colored green something) and I had to ask two times to get it. Posted a comment on their FB page incl. the realityHOt Dog pic so it will be interesting to see how they respond (if at all). Would have loved to post the pics within this review but seems I can't?
4	Expanded my menu selection to the grilled shrimp appetizer which was as advertised  spicy and then some.  The bread that came with it was the same as served at Uncle Sal's by the same owner's next door minus the calorie laden artery clogging butter garlic sauce (which I kind of missed) but I'll definitely add this to my order next time I go.
1	I normally don't go out of my way to write reviews unless they are positive.  Let me begin by saying the wine pour my wife had was generous and the beer I had was good.  On the other hand, we decided to try the pizza and it was the worst excuse for a pie I have seen in years.  They should be embarrassed to send something like that out of the kitchen.  Either management is apathetic or the kitchen staff is ignorant to what a good pizza looks and tastes like.  Very substandard.  Also the bar staff were spending more time eating their dinner, at the back bar, than attending to patrons.  Very tacky.  Won't go back.
1	I was told about the side door I went there last Saturday and I was treated so awful they told me if I wanted Mexican food for me to go next door to the pigs but if I wasn't Mexican and if I prefer Italian food for me to go to Uncle Sam there was this one lady took me out of the store and walk me to the back of the store to show me where I could go that will be the last time I will ever go to your restaurant and I'll make sure to let all my friends know how awful they treated me
3	5 stars for food3 stars for service1 star for time estimationI love their food, the menu top to bottom is fantastic, especially anything with their pizza dough (pizza, calzone, etc.) They aren't very good at predicting how long the food will take for a take-out order, it's consistently underestimated
4	I have finally had my Side Door cherry popped! It's ridiculous how long I've lived so close to this place, and not had this great food.  When I think about the years I've gone without knowing that amazing marinara sauce, I get a little sad inside. But no more. I had the Mediterranean calzone, which had artichokes, kalamata olives and basil. I added fresh tomato to mine since I was getting it with no cheese.  This calzone is like a giant pizza dough pinata filled with toppings. It's huge! The marinara comes on the side and is a wonderfully garlicky sauce. Seriously good. I would've drank that little cup if I wasn't in a public place. Gotta give props for the dough as well. It's perfectly chewy on the inside and crisp on the outside.  That dough and that sauce are the things dreams (and maybe heaven) are made of. The calzone was too much for one sitting, so I took half home and they gave me a side of sauce to go too. =)  I ate it for breakfast the next morning because the idea of waiting til lunch to eat it was unbearable.
4	This is definitely a neighborhood bar/dine in spot. Everyone knows everyone here. It's a cozy place to grab a bite with friends. We've ordered the Greek Pizza and had hot dogs for the kiddos. Everything was great and extremely affordable. Since its a sister restaurant to one of my favorite Italian Spots (uncle sals) I'll definitely be back. Amazing customer service.
1	We used to be regulars here and decided to check it out again. It looked the same on the inside, but the quality of our meals was poor and it took forever to get our meals. This would have been understandable but there was hardly anyone there. It was a very disappointing experience. There are lots of great pubs in Scottsdale, we see no need to return.
