3	Uptown Magazine is a free monthly magazine offered in Charlotte.  If you think that it's about Uptown Charlotte as its name might suggest, you'd be wrong.  It's geared toward people who LIVE in Uptown Charlotte and can afford the things in the ads scattered throughout the publication, such as the tiny one-bedroom Uptown homes that start at around $300K.   This month's issue talked about what to get for recently married gay couples (how about a moving van so they can move to one of the two or three states where it's actually legal?), being single (a poor-me commentary you might read in a personal blog), an update on the Silos at SouthEnd project (which isn't in Uptown, it's in SouthEnd--hello!), vinyl records, and Charleston.  Wait.  Did you say Charleston?  In a magazine about Charlotte?  Yes, I did.  Like I said, I guess it's a magazine for people who live in Uptown Charlotte, are single, have gay friends, and like to travel.   Meh.  How about some news about UPTOWN?
5	Definitley, the best of the "free magazines" in Charlotte.  When I lived in Charlotte, I always enjoyed the articles and the locally-focused fashion spread. The big glossy mag got me excited about advancing my own photography career. To the previous reviewer--I believe the article about Charleston was likely the (then) monthly travel article. True Uptown ocassionally spreads it's focus into the adjacent neighborhoods of Plaza-Midwood, NoDa, and South-End.  But those places are where I always got the magazine. If they distribute it, it seems generous for the magazine to spread a little light on those places too small to support their own mag. Besides, I'm sure those articles are interesting to their readers, who (unlike the previous reviewer) I won't fault for living in Uptown.
5	I can't help it that i am a print media junkie but this magazine has some of the best pictorials. If you want to be in "the know" then you will definitely enjoy this magazine from local to national politics, arts & entertainment, black tie galas, and social awareness. Pick up an issue.
