5	Gluten Free/Allergy SentiveOkay, I've been there twice and didn't review it last time. It is delish and the prices are moderate to high. The have any exclusive GF menu and several options to choose from as well as appetizers and dessert! I have had bother the chicken and the fish several times and had no adverse reations.The bar is well-versed and "after work" type crowd was there on Friday night. It looked like most were waiting for tables. This is a fairly decent sized store-front restaurant, in the strip mall next to Guitar Center and across from Hops and Chick-fil-a.**Note**I recently went gluten-free for my health and they have a gluten-free menu that was an added bonus.
4	It's actually been a bit since I've been here, but I wanted to mention this place for at least two reasons.One is that it's easy to overlook - there is a big Hops location out front (which has really bad service, or did the last time I was there), and you're likely to not look behind it.  This means that I tend to forget that it's even there.  Add in the fact that it's a strip mall, and you don't go looking for places in a strip mall often.Two is that the place is actually something of a hidden gem.  Yes, it's a chain of sorts (though I haven't often seen other locations), but they aren't like a McDonald's or anything, so it's still a bit different.  Throw in a helpful staff and tasty selections, and you have a decent place to grab a bite.As mentioned, they can be a bit on the pricey side (not too bad overall), but it's one of those places that is worth it.  Get over the fact that they are in a strip mall and you'll be fine.  In fact, put them in a different location, say South Park or Uptown, and they'd probably be considered cheap.
4	I agree with Chad E.  a great place, but easily overlooked as it is set back in the parking lot and cannot be spotted from Independence without some effort.For the longest time I did not know that Bonefish Grill was a "chain" since this was the only location I knew of - but that speaks to a lot since it feel like a unique restaurant.  Their servers are always great and I've had many good experiences at this location.
5	Great food! Great atmosphere!
4	As far as chain style seafood joints go, this one sits slightly head and shoulders above all others.  Always a fresh selection of entrees to choose from and nice relaxing atmosphere to wind down at the end of the day.Hall of fame appetizer....bang bang shrimp.  Not too spicy, just the perfect blend of heat and great meaty shrimp.  Can't beat it.  My favorite entree here (as hard as it is to really pick one) has to be the Ahi Tuna "Tokyo Style".  Rare, seared tuna served with Asian vegetables and Jasmine Rice.  It's a colorful dish and equally as tasteful.  Highly recommended!This "fishy" likes Bonefish and it just feels like home!
5	I've only been to Bonefish once, for a birthday dinner last week, but it was a five-star visit.  The place is a little dressier than the other venues in its immediate area, but it isn't too stuffy. It's relaxed in that particularly upper-middle-class way: I'm surprised that they're located on 74 instead of somewhere in Ballantyne.  Anyways, I digress from the main point of this review: the food is good. Really good.  Make sure you order the much-lauded Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer: it really is as delicious as everyone says, and it's half off on Wednesdays too boot.For my main course, I ordered grilled shrimp and scallops with mango salsa.  The scallops were good, but the shrimp were definitely some of the best I've ever had in my entire life, and I have had a lot of shrimp.  They were little meaty flavor bombs.  I don't know if they're always that good, but I certainly will go back to find out.Bonefish is worth driving on 74 to get there. I think that's the best praise I can give.
5	I came to eat here with my boss and some collegues. The servers are all very friendly and kept the liquor coming. The food was fresh and flavorful. We ordered calamari and dumplings as appetizers. Both were very tasty. I ordered a salmon entree, it was quite tasty as well. We ate here on a Wednesday evening and there wasn't any wait. The restrooms were very clean. Prices are decent.
4	I cant decide what I like more about this restaurant...the awesome martinis( Blueberry or the Pomegranate are my faves) or the Bang Bang Shrimp? The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because they used to have pinenuts on the house salad and now they have sunflower seeds.Bring back the pine nuts!
5	Bonefish Grill. Mmmmm. I really wish my income could suffice eating here every week!Menu isn't too overwhelming. I went with the bang bang shrimp appetizer for starters. Um, can I just say, I would have eaten 2 of these & made it my meal! These are SO amazingly tasty.  Which, by the way, they're only $5 every Wednesday. For my entree, I went with the jumbo sea scallops & shrimp, with the lemon butter sauce, steamed vegetables & splurged on the Bonefish house salad. I was in awe how good everything tasted!Oh...& the drinks, of course! I had a watermelon martini & a sour apple one. YES, you heard me correctly!    Presentation: A+++Staff: A+++Atmosphere: A+++
4	I really like this place! My wife and I have been here a few times. Last couple of visits, we went for just appetizers and drinks before heading out for the night. Bang Bang shrimp! Enough said. The Bang Bang shrimp is a must try. We also enjoy the coconut shrimp and the crab cakes too. They offer a nice selection of beers and full bar. The bar area is pretty good sized. One of the reasons we started coming here for appetizers was because you could get a seat in the bar area pretty quickly. The staff is friendly & knowledgeable. We enjoyed ourselves on every visit!!
5	Something can be said about consistency, especially in Charlotte restaurants. So many places have one note melodies and fluctuate greatly in experience. Bonefish Grill in Matthews is spot-on every time I visit.I have become a slight regular at Bonefish, seeing as how I work in the area. The ingredients have always been fresh and top-quality. Freshness only goes so far, though; it requires refined technique to bring out the flavors. Kitchen manager Sandra and her team do an excellent job preparing each dish to perfection. Table service is also stellar, with an attentive and knowledgable wait staff that is eager to help. While not the cheapest eats in town, you do get what you pay for: incredible food and great service. The only thing better would be more room (so I don't have to wait for a table).
3	Yep a bit pricey but what I love about Bonefish Grill is when they say your Mahi Mahi is grilled - they really mean it.  It isn't breaded and grilled and soaked in butter (ahem...like the 'grilled' shrimp and scallops at.Carrabas!  grrrr!!)  But it is just great fish plainly grilled.  I love that.  They offer a choice of sauce - for those that need sauce.  The Chimichurri sauce is my favorite - simple and not overpowering - mostly just parsely.  The grilled entrees come with a choice of a side - I love the scalloped potatoes.  It is a ton of food so prepare yourself to take some home!  The atmosphere is cozy for a chain, low lighting with booths and tables.  A little more upscale than you would think.  The Bang Bang Shrimp is a fantastic app, there is a bit of spice to it which I LOVE!!  I think Wednesdays they have a special on this app?  It is definitely enough shrimp to be an entire meal.  Huge shrimp, perfectly seasoned on a bed of lettuce.  Yum!
5	Very Impressed! Nice relaxed ambiance.  Great date spot( I have already told honey that this is where I want to come for Valentines), nice low mood lighting and nice music playing(not too fast, not too slow, just enough to make you tap your foot).  Go on Wednesdays, Bang Bang shrimp-which is one of their signature dishes- $5!  We also had the crabcake appetizer.  Extremely yummy!  The crab cakes(2) were good size, very meaty with very little bread, and a nice remoulaude that really set the dish off.  The Bang Bang shrimp were very lightly breaded and sweet and spicy.  The portions are great for the appetizers and the meal.  Doing it over again we would only order one appetizer because we were almost too full for our main dish after having 2( and we are not bird eaters lol). Everything about our entree was perfect, fresh, and seasoned perfectly.  And then I had the chocolate creme brulee....LAWD!!!!  So good.  I considered driving back tonight and going to get another.  If you like chocolate this is sin on a spoon. My eyes were rolling in the back of my head.  To summarize...LOVED IT.  Not too pricey in my opinon, you'd pay the same as eating at redlobster- but get food that is alot less fresh.
1	UTTERLY DISGUSTING!! The night started out great. We were seated fast with a reservation.  The waitress was knowledgeable and fast.  Our apps arrived hot and everything was going great until a huge roach decided to take a shortcut across our table.  I immediately called the hostess, who in turn ran and got the manager.  The manager came back red faced and apologetic. She acknowledged the pest problem and said it was due to construction out back.  That was of little consolation to me.  I couldn't help but think where else those little critters might be.   I would never go back there again.  EVER!!!!!
4	Had a great meal at the Bonefish Grill last night, our first time dining here. The restaurant is fairly small, and gets crowded on a weekend night. We had a 40 minute wait, but with a couple of beers at the bar, it passed quickly. Their draft selection of beers seems limited, with only 4 being available. Jessie, our waitress, took great care of us and service was fast. They were running a non-RW affiliated special, four courses (appetizer, salad, entree, dessert) for $30. We chose to go this route, even though the famous Bang Bang Shrimp wasn't listed as an available appetizer. (Jessie told us it was on special on Wednesdays for $5 so we might come back then to try it.)The food was very, very good. We loved the Wagyu Beef wontons. The Cesar salad was tasty, but a little too ice cold for my liking - it was hard to get any real flavor from it. I ordered the special filet, and my husband ordered the Ahi tuna, which arrived perfectly seared and rare on the inside. Based on our great experience, we will definitely return.
4	We have been here a couple of times. The first time we had a wonderful time. We both had the NY Strip Steak with trimmings and it was perfect. The waiter was wonderful as well. The second time we came with a purpose which was to see if their Waygu Beef burger was as good as a competitors . The manager had met us at the door and the conversation just lead to the reason for our visit which, of course, he stated that, "Our's is the best hands down" which I replied, "That will be up to us to decide". What a set-up. We both ordered ours well done with no pink and no bacon. What came to the table was  all but dripping with pink to red juices and two slabs of bacon on them. We were appalled. The waiter quickly came and removed our plates and after what seemed to be 30 minutes we received new food on new plates cooked to our original preferences. All's well that ends well. We will come back again with high hopes that they will do better. Still, they are still good enough to receive 4 stars as one incident doesn't deserve to take away from the overall. They are still a real classy place with great food and service. When they get it right.  ;-)
4	The Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer is amazing, I highly recommend that plus the smoked salmon. We went for my Mom's birthday and the waiter was really friendly
5	First off we had the Bang Bang shrimp, which is delish. Followed by tuna fish tacos, corn chowder with lump crab. For our Granddaughter pop corn shrimp and fries.  The corn chowder amazing. Tuna tacos superb. Service great Thank you Ben.
5	For starters we had the new Sushi grade tune wrapped in a fried wonton with asian slaw simply delicious a must try and its a new menu item.  Two thumbs up for sure.  As always are meal was delicious and the atomosphere is wonderful.  A true gem in Matthews if you haven't tried it it is a must.
3	The Curse of Chain Restaurants ...it's cooking by the numbers, can't escape it. Cooks following mandated recipes instead of chefs offering their own version, showing with pride what they can do. A house salad on the side: good deal, good size, great ingredients  but the dressing falls completely flat. Grilled scallops and shrimp - what was it, only 4 of each?- plump meat, nice and firm not overcooked by much but way too charred. I like charcoal but here it overpowered the seafood. A pity really. The mango sauce, what can I say I don't know what they were going for and I suspect neither did the cook. Don't remember the side veggies.  Meh, definitely meh.   Plus the place was hectic so I chose to smile and say nothing. Not bad, not great, not cheap.
4	Bang bang shrimp!!!! If you go here, you have to try this popular appetizer! Love it! If you go on Wednesdays it is on special for $5.00!! Can't beat that.I only go to this place if I want to enjoy some tasty fish. On my first visit here I got the Salmon. My second visit I got the Long-fin Tilapia. Both of them were good and very fresh. It is best to set a reservation for this place or you will wait for a while, especially on the weekends.
3	This is the second Bonefish Grill I've been to in a few years. The other one was up north.My overall experience was so-so but the food was pretty good. We went on Mother's Day. I believe someone in our group made reservations so there was no wait.Here's how it went down from beginning to end.1. We were seated at an "extended table" in an awkward location. Right near the front door and the "extension" seemed to be a small table that was shorter than the main table and tilted towards the floor the slightest bit so we had to be careful NOT to put anything near the join. Which was hard to remember because the whole shebang was covered with the same piece of butcher's paper (?).2. Our drink order was taken. Drinks received soon enough but someone in our group had to ask for bread.3. Food order taken. I applaud the staff for getting everyone's food out almost simultaneously. We were a party of nine or 10.4. Wait staff was very attentive but forgot the side sauces some asked for.5. Leftovers were boxed to go upon request but returned to the diners (me included) without a bag. Initially I thought they didn't HAVE bags. Then I noticed other diners exiting with bags so I asked and received.(It just makes sense to me that a customer leaving one's establishment with... anything would be given that item in a BAG. A bag displaying one's establishment name or logo is also a means of free advertisement as I will re-use a good bag until it falls to shreds.)6. The waiter knew to ask if  and how the bill should be split.Peeve: The way their prices are displayed on the menu. By the way, my meal was delicious. I wasn't in the mood for seafood so I ordered Lily's Chicken. It was delicious.
4	Great food and service. The location is behind other places but once you find it, it is a great dining experience.
1	I went to dinner with a friend and ordered the jumbo shrimp & scallops.  When the plate arrived, it had THREE scallops and FOUR medium shrimp - not jumbo at all and I asked the waiter to send over the manager.  I asked her if they skimped on this order of so few scallops and shrimp for such a HUGE price and she said this was the standard order.  I told her to take away this order and bring me an appetizer of bang bang shrimp, which was good, that I had for my dinner.  There is absolutely NO value for your money at this restaurant and I was so surprised that people in this town like to pay for so little food at such a HUGE price.  Hard to believe this restaurant is still open.  I do not recommend this restaurant at all.
5	Bonefish grill is probably our favorite higher end restaurant in the area.  We have been here so many times to count but every time we go the food is just as good.  I recommend everything on the menu but the filet mignonette is unbelievable.  We enjoyed dessert today and saved room for Banana Foster which was fantastic.  The prices are a little more expensive but its totally worth it.
2	This place (this location) is inconsistent with the taste of the food and the options. My family and I have been here twice for Sunday Brunch, the first trip was a HIT with the Orange Grand Manier French Toast and a $5 Mimosa which was standard. We went back the next Sunday and the french toast was over cooked, my daughter burger bleeding when she ordered it WELL DONE, my husband had hair in his food and we had a SHI&&Y waiter who only came over to take our order and to drop the check. We had to go grab a manager to send our food back..
4	Good Service, Great Food!  Very impressed with portion sizes. Was reasonably priced. Ahi Tuna was fabulous. Would definitely go back..
4	the seabass was awesome but slow service
3	I came here with a fellow yelper as she (Grace L.) told me that it was worth it. And surprisingly, she couldn't believe that I haven't came before. This place is located right next to the Guitar Center, right on Independence Blvd. Anyways, lets get to the exciting part: the food. As I just ate at 2:00 and then came here at 5, I was thinking I wasn't going to eat that much. But seeing the menu I had to try out their Kobe Beef burger. Grace's hubby decided to just get appetizers so I had my fair share of their different types of appetizers.We ordered the restaurant favorite: Bang Bang Shrimp, Crab Cakes, and the fried Calamari. Lets go through them.Bang Bang Shrimp: Not bad. This I thought was actually the worse appetizer compared to the other 2. The problem of this appetizer was that there was just no flavor to it. It was just fried shrimp, with some kind of sauce and had a hint of spice to it. Almost like they sprinkled it with black pepper and that was it. The sauce, was just bland. Plain and simple. My friend told me that it was usually better than this time, but I guess I'll just have to find out next time.Crab Cakes: I thought these were delicious. Even though crab cakes are usually pricey and usually no one gets them I thought they were very full and had a good amount of crab in them. The flavor I thought was better than the shrimp. It came with a sauce that went pretty well with it.Fried Calimari: Not bad. Well, calimari was calimari, nothing crazy special. It came with an Asian sweet dipping sauce, sort of like a sweet and sour sauce, and that was about it. All fried calimari preparations taste the same this way, the only place that I like the calimari prepared is the one they make at Saigon Palace on South Blvd.Kobe Beef Burger: I sort of killed this dish, just because I thought it was the dish of the night for me. It was big and full of flavor. The beef had a sort of sweetness to it and was very tender when I bit into it. So, yes. I recommend to try this dish. (And I know, it's a fish grill and I didn't order fish...but that means I have something to try next time!)So. Why 3 stars? The price I felt didn't justify the means. I think they're going for a sort of high/medium class of food and service. But the location and menu just didnt seem like it. It's part of a department store, not an independent kind of store. The service wasn't bad and I thought if I give a 3, I have a chance to come back to it and give it another go at it.
3	When I entered the restaurant, the first couple of things I noticed was a haughty appearing nod from a waiter and a peculiar smell.  I made my way through the dimly lit place to the bar.  I was greeted with an enthusiastic, "well, hello there!" from the bartender.  As I waited for my friend, I ordered a glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  They were out of the one on the menu; however, the bartender poured me a glass of the wonderful Kim Crawford.My friend had chosen for us to meet there.  She did not realize that I am not consuming seafood at this time, but I am so good at being a vegetarian that I could make a suitable meal at Hardee's if that were the only option.  We both ordered the spinach salad without bacon.  It came with egg and what appeared to be French fried onions, tossed in a warm balsamic vinaigrette.  When the bartender found out that I was vegetarian, he gave me a little bit of grief about it.  Which is not cool, but I, being the professional vegetarian smarty pants that I am, turned his comments into some off color jokes, making those in earshot snicker.  On the bartender's behalf, he was attentive.For my entree, I ordered three vegetables:  potatoes au gratin, steamed asparagus, and steamed broccoli.  Generous portions, and I was even more pleasantly surprised that each was perfectly seasoned!  I didn't love it and didn't hate it.  I typically do not choose chain restaurants, but Bonefish Grill did the best that they could to please yours truly, Ms. Smarty Pants.
5	My parents, husband and children ate here on Father's Day. My mother and I had the scallops. Although a little on the salty side, they were delicious. They were tender with great flavor. The service was excellent. There was no extended wait to be seated, the server was attentive to the needs of our children, and the restrooms were really clean. We had a great evening.
3	The bang bang shrimp are great but the prices they charge for everything else are kind of high for the quality. It's a nice experience for a night, but I didn't leave there happy about the ratio of quality:price. We had to ask for the bread! I would go to Red Lobster before this place for quantity/quality. You are probably over-paying for the same thing. Grouper are over-fished and shouldn't be eaten in any restaurant!
4	This place is easily one of my favorite restaurants. I've been several times and really enjoy just about everything on the menu! So for this review, I'll just highlight some of my favorites:Cerviche Appetizer- It's light, crisp and refreshing. I love the combination of flavors and especially the fresh avocado. I definitely recommend starting off with this dish! Pomegranate Martini- It's my absolute favorite martini here. It's a combination of vodka, pomegranate and mango. It's sweet while not overwhelming and comes with three frozen grapes. Perfect! Bang Bang Shrimp- Classic.Fried.Spicy...$5 on Wednesday! Creme Brulee- Whoa...Oh my creamy goodness. It's ridiculous. (Warning: You may want to lick the bowl!)Side Note: Our waiter Tim was AMAZING. He totally rocked it out with the service! But I would be remiss not to mention... that he's freaking hilarious!!! He had us laughing all night! Make sure you ask to sit in his section! This place is definitely worth a visit!
5	Starting it with a chocolate martini! And I had two of them, all while waiting on my sisters to arrive for their birthday. I love eating here with them because they always order Bang Bang Shrimp for an appetizer. Not only is the shrimp yummy but so is the garnish it sits on, it's like a mini salad. The Corn and Crab Chowder is my ultimate favorite. Sometimes I get a bowl as a meal and dip the bread in it, yummy. This time I had the Chilean Sea bass blackened with a side of lemon butter sauce served with mash potatoes and veggies, of course I added the soup also. This was my first time having this expensive fish and it was delicious. I am a salmon fan myself but keep seeing this fish on TV. The wait staff, manager, and bar staff were very professional yet friendly and warm. I felt very welcome to be there and will for sure be back.
5	This is my favorite date location. Great atmosphere and great food. The waiters and bar tenders are great to joke around with. I usually sit at a high top without having to wait, and just eat an appetizer. The bang bang shrimp is to die for!!!  But I've also ordered meals, and I've loved everything I've gotten.
4	I normally would not rate a chain restaurant above a 2 or three, but this is an exemption. The food was fresh nad nicely presented. I had the mussels and they were excellent. The bread with herbed olive oil was a very good.  The service was prompt and helpful. We will be back here.
3	Because I'm a vegetarian, this review should be taken with a grain of salt. I found the service to be good, the ambience nice and the food consistent. The BANG BANG SHRIMP, of course, was a hit for most of the table. It was spicy, nicely fried and came with a decent portion size. The free bread and herb oil was also very nice. The bread was soft inside and perfectly toasted outside, while the oil had enough flavor from the herbs to not be bland. My TOMATO SOUP was nothing special. And the CAESAR SALAD was equally boring. My husband's STEAK was perfectly cooked. He ordered two healthy veggie sides, and his overall meal was exactly what he was looking for. He travels for work and eats at high end steak houses all over the US, but he said this steak quality and cooking was on par with the best he's had. The LOBSTER GRILLED CHEESE sandwich was enjoyed by another person in my group. I thought it appeared dry, but she liked it and said it had good lobster flavor. The desserts were the most disappointing portion of the meal. The COCONUT PIE was recommended by the server. Beware that it is a warm cooked coconut pie with a thick layer of shredded coconut on top. The coconut was too thick to be nicely browned and toasted, so it ended up being hard to eat. The KEY LIME PIE was the best of the three. It was tart and thick and creamy. But the crust was soggy - missed potential. And the MACADAMIA NUT BROWNIE WITH ICE CREAM could not have been more generic. It was fine for a sweet bite to end the meal, but again, nothing special. I find this place to be perfectly adequate, but not somewhere I'd crave or really want to return.
4	Service is out of this world. Just as good as any five star restaurant. Wedge salad was exquisite with nice sized chunks of Danish Bleu cheese. Now I have had many things at this restaurant, but I will say that their steaks are amazing. Only drawback is the fresh veggie. It's a bit inconsistent on how tasty it is. I will certainly be a repeat customer.
4	The food was cooked perfectly, but not seasoned to our older and wiser taste buds.  It wasn't seasoned too much just a little bit more than we would have wanted.The muscles were cooked with more butter than we preferred, but 10 years ago I would have considered them rich and perfect.  The broccoli was seasoned with more salt than we preferred.  The vinaigrette dressing on our salad was sweeter than we preferred, but again 10 years ago it would have been perfect.  The lobster and fish were grilled and seasoned just right for us.The service, lighting, and ambience was very nice for a romantic evening or night out with friends.
