3	About as secretive as you can get in the Grass MArket, this unnassuming shop front houses an outstanding French cafe.Crossing traditional with modern French values, this cafe has a relaxed and strangly hypnotic vibe - perfect for watching the worlkd go by with some splendid cafe snacks (Sandwiches, hot mains, soups, cakes and pastrys) and a coffee. The food itself is a tad on the expensive side, especially with competitors in the area offering similar stuff at more competitive prices.Regardless of that though it is plainly obvious that people return to Cafe Jacques for the atmosphere and taste of the food, meaning the price is irrelevant.
3	I visted Edinburgh on my honeymoon in September. Our first full day of exploring must start with a bountiful breakfast so we had energy to explore all day. We strolled down to the Grassmarket from our hotel on Prince's St. Looking up and down, we chose Cafe Jacques because it had the most customers dining. A good indicator is how busy the place is, right?We squeezed in, and I DO mean squeezed because it's tiny, and found a seat. I had a traditional English breakfast and my hubbie the American. The coffee was SO HOT and I made the mistake of trying to gulp my first taste as I tried to caffeinate my jetlagged self. My mouth was scorched for the next two days at least. Although we received a weird look, the waiter brought my husband two tall glasses of milk on request. Is that an American thing to drink milk with breakfast?As my three stars indicate, this place was A-OK and got us going on our first full day in Edinburgh.
3	Conveniently located. Fine if you just want a quick drink and a sit. They also do takeaway pastry (mediocre looking pastry), sandwiches, and beverages.People were totally right about the coffee being too hot though! JEEBUS that stuff was scalding. My latte was out to torture tongues.
5	Unpretentiously charming little place I just happened upon after a wet cold dreary day of sightseeing. Had the walnut graham cake. Unbelievably good.
1	On their breakfast menu, the grumpy uncaring folk of Cafe Jacques say they're open to suggestions. Well here's one: how about trying to serve up actual food rather than the laminated, 'made from powder', tasteless schmap that you're currently slapping down in front of people.Food does not get worse than this and the coffee is not recognizable as coffee. Enough said.In an area of tourist traps serving completely un-thought out offensive over-priced rubbish, Cafe Jacques takes it to a new level. DO NOT EVEN WALK PAST! Actually, on second thoughts, avoid Grassmarket altogether. There's great food in Edinburgh, but it's nowhere near this place.
3	This place is cute and has an excellent view. I got the feta and olive salad which was delicious. My dad loved his big breakfast too.
