5	Bliss is a gorgeous little boutique for urban bohemian types situated at the bottom of Broughton Street. It is a treasure trove of lovely things for girls young and old, I often find myself gazing through the window at the trinkets and fripperies on display. They sell great dresses by Uttam and Yumi, which are a little on the pricey side, but they are so pretty and I don't think there are any other places which stock these labels in Edinburgh. The jewellery is also wonderful and they've recently started stocking really dainty little teapot necklaces, which I am majorly lusting after. There is a large selection of cards for all occasions, I've picked up great birthday cards for my mum and sister here recently (one had 'Eat cake bitches' emblazoned across the front, brilliant!).If you're stuck for a gift for a girlfriend, you are guaranteed to find something that will please here and you'll probably end up leaving with something for yourself too.
5	Bliss is just very, very lovely. If Tinkerbell was to pour out the contents of her pretty, fairy handbag, and if she was bigger, and the bag was bigger, and if this was even a slightly viable scenario, the result would be the pretty, girly, loveliness of Bliss, and its items that make you want to don a frilly apron and start making rows and rows of cupcakes and throwing glitter and confetti everywhere, and sniffing flowers...even if that really wasn't your thing at all before you entered the shop.Well it certainly isn't my thing in real life, sadly I'm very far from being labelled a domestic goddess. But the items on sale in Bliss make me wish I could be, from cute baby clothes and shoes that are just that little bit different, (who can resist a cheeky wee baby shoe, come on now), and gorgeous jewellery, cards, pretty bits and bobs, books, bags, candles, and purses.  All presented beautifully. You'd be pushed not to find gift ideas in here: With the aid of the nice, helpful lady looking after the shop, I purchased a pink, floral purse for a birthday present, plus an Alice in Wonderland themed necklace for myself. Just delightful. Now I'm off to put on a petticoat and practise making fairy cakes.
4	Bliss is an adorable little boutique/gift shop on Broughton Street. It isn't very large but it doesn't stop this shop being stuffed full of gorgeous wares and there's plenty to feast your eyes on. They have an excellent range of Paul & Joe cosmetics which are beautifully presented so perfect for gifts but also great if you just want to treat yourself. Beside the Paul & Joe range I noticed some equally beautifully packaged cosmetics by Tokyo Milk. I've never seen these before but they were gorgeous with pretty compacts and mirrors to powder your nose.In addition to cosmetics they also have a small section of ladies clothing at the back with pretty dresses and cardigans and a whole section at the front dedicated to babies clothing and toys. Another thing that I noticed was that they had those huge old school wind up phone on display in all different colours, I would love one of them for my house but I bought a hamburger phone just last week so I'm no longer on the lookout for phone, unfortunately.I left with a Marmite postcard for one of my friends who is obsessed with Marmite, when we were both living in Germany she really struggled with the fact that she couldn't find the yeasty spread anywhere so now whenever I see it I think of her. The postcard is very cute and I'm almost certain that she'll like it.
