5	Ahhhhhh if only I had a hundred million dollars...okay not THAT much, but this place is pricey but I sooo love the stuff they have. And to top it off the staff is really nice and helpful, to the point I had one salesman help me with a static problem I was having on the dress I wore into the place. I didnt even buy anything. I will be back.....static free hopefully.
5	if only the clothes were a little more updated. these are definitely couture resort wear(like dressy resort wear required in its fine restaurants). D&G, DVF, Missoni, etc.I think her name was Anna(petite with blonde hair and rocker-style makeup). she was ok when i walked in. didn't acknowledge my presence whatoever. I just took my time browsing each and every product. after being in the store for about 15-20 mins(the ladies section wasn't the big, really), Anna started commenting on the clothes I took. like i care. however, as i stayed in the store longer, Anna seemed to have warmed up with me and started making recommendations as to what looked good. went to try the first dress i took and anna did give me some feedback. one dress i took was 2 sized too big, but probably eager to sell the remaining large sized, anna told me i could have the dress tailored the next day for free. the tailor at my apt charges the same price as in vegas! brought in 2 days later to have my dress tailored to fit perfectly on my body. tipped miss tailor for doing such an excellent job of course.
2	This used to be my favorite clothing store anywhere which I visited on every single trip to Vegas about twice a year. They used to carry Royal Underground, True Religion and Locman watches. However, on my most recent visit today, I found that all these brands were no longer carried and there were much less shelves and displays than before. WHAT HAPPENED???  I know that they had moved Royal Underground line to another store at the Encore, but to my surprise that store was totally gone!Anyway, I would have given this store 5 STAR rating a year or so ago, but their selection has gone down the drain. Please bring the good stuff back.
4	I always look through Mojito's when I'm at the Wynn and since I'm local, it's fairly often.  They are a little bit over retail with their pricing but the inventory is constantly changing so there is always something I like.  They only carry one brand of women's shoes which are Melissa and I do like the sandal versions, I'm just a fan of plastic heels.  They carry Bailley 44, DVF, Haute Hippie, Alice & Olivia among others. The men's side of this store has some very high end Italian designers mixed with some preppier styles so it's very eclectic.  Every other time i"m in the store there is a huge sale going on so it's worth it to check in often.  The sales people are friendly and helpful.
