4	Spotting a particularly impressive bespoke novelty cake in the design of a handbag at a friend's birthday party I enquired into the origins of its notable aesthetics. The shop is 'Have your cake and eat it' located in the Marchmont area of Edinburgh. After visiting the shop for a further look I was thoroughly impressed with some of the craftsmanship on show. Burgers, chocolate bars, champagne bottles and many other unique designs are on offer.As with anything that's bespoke it will prove costly. On the plus side, Birthdays and other special events occur infrequently so a unique cake may be a viable option.
4	I came in here a while back with a friend to ask for a cake made for our friend's 21st. We didn't really have a clear idea of what we wanted, and some the friendly guy working there gave us a catalogue. They do have a lot of choice, and the Gucci bag cakes seem to be a popular choice. Not my cup of tea to be frank with you, but I can see why it would have an appeal to some to have a designed cake for any event.
5	Have Your Cake and Eat It is an awesome cake shop with an equally awesome name and I for one am a huge fan. I can't wait for my birthday as I'd love to have a delicious cake from here, I just wish I'd have known about it before as I would definitely have bought my 21st cake here.They have an amazing window display and my favourite cakes on offer included one made to look like the Little Brown Bag, a Simpsons cake, a Creme Egg shaped cake, a Crunchie bar sponge, and a huge hamburger shaped cake which looked hilarious. They sell weddings cakes, birthday cakes and cake for any occasion really including a mountain of different flavoured cupcakes. In addition to cakes they also have a small section selling party decorations and cake ribbons and candles too.
4	This lovely little place at the top of Marchmont is a cake shop. Not any old cake shop. This is a cake shop where you can buy cake AND eat it. Have Your Cake And Eat It (HYCAET) specially creates and bakes cakes from a large catalogue of designs or by request, for Halloween, bar mitzvahs and other special occasions.The exterior of this shop is very sparkly, and very red. It brings you in from afar then it hooks you with funky cake displayed in its neat shop window. Simpson's cake, handbag cake, burger cake (which sounds like something you get in McDonald's), Spiderman cake, novelty nude body part cake, the world is your oyster (cake). As has already been pointed out, all this cake can get a bit expensive. But how else are you going to get your hands on (and into) a Darth Vader helmet cake? Are YOU going to make it?HYCAET also offers smaller, less wAckY cakes, including nice little cupcakes. They also offer regular deals including 20% off novelty cakes and 10% off wedding cakes at the time of reviewing.
