5	I was looking for a place close to where I live for eyebrow waxing and I was referred by About Face Salon here.  (According to AZSpaGirls, About Face are the eyebrow experts but they no longer offer the service....)  They were great about squeezing me in the day I called.  Angela was fantastic, she worked very quickly and with a very light hand.  She is so good with the wax that she doesn't need to tweeze at all, which for me is always the worst part.  (Granted I don't have very um, complicated, eyebrows).  She was very sweet and for $15 I will be returning to her.
5	They carry the best products.  Their staff is like one big family and getting your hair or nails done is like a social event.  They are reasonably priced, in a great location, clean, friendly and accommodating!  If you're looking for a new salon call them and they will have the stylist you're looking for.
5	It seems like I've been giving out a lot of 5 star ratings lately, but my experience at Scottsdale Strands definitely deserved it. I'm obviously a brunette and called my stylist Kandi and told her I needed a drastic change- something for summer. "Let's go Blonde."  She advised for a few, soft highlights around the face and a fresh cut. When I smocked up and settled into her chair, I told her my frustrations with my current style - long, heavy, flat by the end of the day - and told her to do her magic. She highlighted, washed, and cut me and I couldn't be more satisfied! Kandi is very professional and all the ladies in Strands are very friendly. In fact, most of the clients are nice too. I've also had my nails done there in the past and loved it and since my last visit, a new permanent makeup specialist has moved in a semiprivate room and opened a cute, affordable boutique. Kandi saved me from going blonde - which probably wouldn't have looked so good while letting me leave feeling refreshed for the summer.  If you're looking for a new stylist, I recommend Strands - professional, reasonable, and they actually listen to you!
5	I have been going to Strands since I was in high school and can't say enough great things about my favorite stylist Kandi. The whole staff is wonderful and friendly and while the salon is located in the heart of Scottsdale, you never feel judged or surrounded by snotty, holier than thou attitude. I have naturally thick and wavy hair (not easy to cut) and have been butchered many times from expensive, high end salons (TG anyone?). Anytime I stray, I always slap myself in the forehead and take my sorry mess of a mane back to Strands for Kandi to fix it. If someone is willing to drive 35 minutes for a hair cut with gas as much as it is, you know it's gotta be good!
