5	I attend Jazzercise here at least 4-5 times per week.  It's amazing!  High-energy dance workout with lively, exhuberant, knowledgeable instructors.  After only 2.5 weeks, the toning results are very apparent.  Nice rubber floor to absorb impact and mirrors to check your posture.  This class makes you forget you're working out but the soaked clothes after class prove different.
3	I've only met 2 people that work here, the instructor and the front desk clerk.  Front desk clerk is very nice and gives informative info.  The instructor didn't really say anything to us when we dropped off our daughter.  Not sure how to react towards that.  They make it convenient for us to do an automatic payment where they take money out of our account every month.  If you do sign up to pay that way, they give you a $5 discount each month.  Saves me money and time.  The waiting room is not very roomy and is uncomfortable to watch while waiting.
1	The Summerlin Dance Academy in Las Vegas is not for anyone that wants to be a professional dancer. The instructors that the school has, currently, have poor qualifications, the parents are vulgar (while waiting for children and while attending the recital), and the director of the school only has administrative experience and zero dance experience or perspective. The only good thing about the school is that they dress the kids well, at the recital, so that when the children to not improve their dance skills, nor learn noted techniques, they at least look cute and impress low-expectant parents. For best results, please find a qualified private dance teacher or a better and more classical dance institution, for your child.
1	We were very dissatisfied with this dance studio. I took my 4 year old grand daughter to a combo class and the instructor was very harsh and punitive with her during the first class. Apparently, my granddaughter's skills were lower than required for the class. The instructor explained to me that her job was to "correct" the children and not let them "get away" with anything. My granddaughter came to the class loving dance (after 2 years at another studio) and left feeling very sad and feeling that she couldn't do it. We brought her to the second class, but she cried and wouldn't try it. We didn't go back.
