5	We chose the 2 hour ATV tour. Our guides were Anthony and John, and they were awesome. Riding around Nellis Dunes on an ATV was pretty cool. We've done an ATV tour in a rainforest before, but this much more fun and you were able to go fast!! They let the more experienced riders go ahead and we were able to go faster and around tighter turns. With the extended tour, they provided sandwiches and waters. A big upside is round trip transportation included in the cost since a taxi would be way too expensive. My husband and I highly recommend the tour when you visit Las Vegas
4	Great time!!!  Had a bachelor party weekend in Vegas last weekend, and part of the festivities planned were this ATV tour.  I think 9 of the 10 guys in our group decided to do it, so we had a nice turnout.... Got picked up from our hotel in a van, and briefed by I think John?  Anyway, good info given out... Definitely emphasizes safety.  Picked up another group whom, I guess because of scheduling, was kind of ticked at John because he was late.  Nevertheless, they got onboard, and off we go.  Signed our waivers on the bus... Got to the site after about a 25 minute ride... after shelling out an additional $40 (we got the $99 groupon, but then chose the additional time, 4 hour total I think) Got our lids, goggles and gloves.  They give you the option to lock your valuables inside their truck (which I recommend)... Got a quick tutorial from the older smaller guy (can't remember his name)... They made sure we knew how to operate the ATV, let us ride around in circles for about 10 minutes to get the feel of it, and then led us off into the desert, single file...I'll save details of the ride for your own experience, but I'll say it was awesome. A little after 10 minutes or so, RC  took over the lead and led us the rest of the way... He was AWESOME.  We had a couple of more experienced riders in our group whom they quickly "put in their place" and told them not to show off, or do anything else stupid that would have put the rest of us in danger... Stopped about halfway through for a nice photo op and 15 minute break.... Hit some great terrain on the way back, and finally got back after a couple hours... They had sandwich meals and drinks waiting for us, and gave us some time to eat before the shuttled us off back to our respective hotels.Definitely a great time,. every single guy in my party would probably agree that it was one of the best activities of the entire weekend!  Check them out!
4	I was a part of a bachelor party and this was one of our outings. Great time was had by all!Prompt hotel pick up, followed by an informative ride to the Nellis Dunes.  A security briefing by John (our driver and one of the guides) was followed by a more detailed security briefing and tutorial once we arrived to the dunes.  No experience needed and they make it clear that this tour is for all skill levels. They also make it clear that you can keep your advanced riding ability in your back pocket because their priority is the safety of all riders.The dunes were awesome.  The terrain became more aggressive as the tour went on which was perfect for this ride! Only tip would be to not be over confident with the ATVs. You may be humbled quickly by the dunes!My only complaint would be about some of the equipment... I got a pretty bad gash on my head from one of their helmets that was missing some interior padding. That became my Las Vegas Bachelor Party Battle Scar!THANKS FOR THE GREAT TIME!
5	Went on the ATV Tour out at Nellis Dunes today. It was a total blast. We really got to get up some speed and have a great time on the loose sand out on the sand dunes.  We had John and Jerry as our tour guides. John was super-knowledgable about the area and I live in Vegas so I knew he wasn't just blowing smoke!  One girl couldn't keep up with the pack, so rather than slow everyone else down she got on the ATV with Jerry and held on for dear life. Overall a great company and I'd definitely do it again. Once these callouses heal up on my hands!
5	Had a BLAST today with Las Vegas ATV Tours! I was really scared to drive an ATV as I never done it before.  I was going to give up and these guys not only did they keep me for chickening out, they let me ride with Jerry, who is a highly experienced and easy going driver. He gave me the ride of my life! I was able to trust him and enjoy the being on an ATV.  The location was absolutely awesome! Great dunes, cool terrain and Las Vegas strip views to boot.  John our leader IS all about safety and checking on everyone. John is also good with patients! AND their sandwich are really dam tasty! WOW! The whole crew at Las Vegas ATV was just wonderful and I recommend doing this tour. If you live here, DO IT. When you visit Las Vegas, make sure you do this tour. You will have the time of your life! GREAT for girls like me who have NEVER driven an ATV before and the next time I do this, I am going to ride one...unless Jerry is working that day and I'll just hop on his ATV and let him do all the driving ;-)
1	horrible experience. purchased a couple 2 hour atv tours to use while I was in Vegas. I made the reservation months before my trip. we were in Vegas 4 nights and they only had one time available for my entire trip. 10:00 a.m. on a Wednesday "the last day of my trip" and they were supposed to pick me up from the trump hotel where we were staying. ok that was fine. the day before, I got a call from them stating one of their vehicles had broke down and they were running behind so they had to push my pick up time back to noon. ok. then the caller stated that they needed me to meet them at the palazzo for my pick up which was a couple blocks away. why? I don't know but ok. the day of my reservation the driver calls me as we were heading to the pick up spot and tells me "ill be there right at noon for your pick up". OK. We ardive at the palazzo 10 minutes early and wait at the pick up spot. 12:00......12:05, the driver calls and says he is in traffic and will be another 5-10 minutes. ok. 12:10 we see the atv tours van pull in the drive way towing the atvs. I say to myself "that looks awesome, let me take a picture before I get in". THE VAN NEVER STOPPED MOVING!!! before I could get my phone out and unlock it, the van was gone. we waited a couple more minutes to see of he would come back around but nothing. I call the driver twice and he dosent answer. I call the atv tours line and someone picks up. as I'm explaining the situation. I see the las Vegas atv van driving up las Vegas Blvd right pass me and stopped at the light. as I'm on the phone I run up the street to flag down the driver. I'm waving my hands at the driver as he was in the left turning lane and there was a concrete wall keeping me from walking up to him. he never sees me. light changes and he pulls away. at the same time. the person on the phone puts me on hold and then we lose connection. I'M DONE. I immediately contact Groupon for a refund. they called a couple times after. but Groupon had already processed my refund. another driver called my girlfriends phone personally to apologize because he was in front of the palazzo and would pick us up but by then it was already 1:00 and we had other things to do.
5	Had an awesome time riding today! Made reservations a couple hours ahead of time and they picked is up at the hotel. All 3 of the guys made it a great experience. Would definitely come back again!
5	John and his crew work really hard to make sure you have a good time. They know the dunes really well. Everything was explained to us and our group up front, and we went riding in the Mohave Desert. They took us around some great areas. Found some really nice places to take photos. The trails are designed for the beginner so they take it slow in some of the more challenging areas letting us know what to expect and how to drive out ATV's through them safely. At the end of the trip they had sandwiches, gave us water along the ride and even offered to stop at the local gas station for a bathroom break on the way back top the hotels. Pick up and drop off was included. We couldn't have been treated better or had a better time. Thanks guys!!
5	What a great thing to do in Vegas!  I was looking to get away from the strip and had already done the Hoover Dam thing before.  I found the Groupon, saved some money and had a blast.  Even though I had been on an ATV only once in the past (Aruba), it didn't take long to get comfortable.  The guides were very good...and took it in stride when one if the riders missed the very first turn and literally ran the dude over.  Drink plenty of water...it's hot.  The fighter jet flybys were an added bonus.
5	John and the other guide were very friendly and thorough in explaining what we were going to incur and experience during the tour. Even in 100 degree heat it was still a blast! And John even found my wallet which I accidentally left in the van after he dropped my wife and I off at our hotel The Vdara. Good times and great service!
5	This was my first ATV experience and it was everything I had imagined and more.  John, the driver who picked us up from the hotel was on time and extremely informative during the drive out into the desert.  We had a short tutorial on safety once we got there, then some time to test out the ATV before we rode into Nellis Dunes single file.  The route was perfect - easy at first to get us acquainted, then picked up mid way with some really big dunes you can choose to ride over or around depending on comfort level, and then it got pretty technical towards the end.  I got comfortable with it after about a half hour and was able to take advantage of the trickier fun parts.  Overall a great time that felt equally safe and challenging!  Oh and the guides who take you out are really fun too.  And I found a coyote skeleton!  And you get sandwiches and drinks at the end (tip: they accommodate vegetarian, and the vegetarian sandwich was amazing - looked better than the rest).Also a note about the owners...my boyfriend got sick last minute and couldn't make it out, to which  they were sympathetic and flexible.  But generally their no last minute cancellation policy is strict.
5	I discovered Las Vegas ATV Tours via Groupon and read some of the mixed (but mostly good) review via Trip Advisor and Yelp.  Overall, it seemed like everyone was super happy with their tour.Communication is a little spotty at times, but mainly because it's a mom and pop kind of business and everyone works in that joint.  After a tour is when these guys respond to your emails and phone calls.  We signed up for the One Hour Tour.  John picked us up from The Four Seasons Hotel along with other folks from different hotels on the strip and we headed towards the Motor Speedway where they dropped us off next to the Airforce base.  It's about a 30 mins drive. To begin with, I have never driven an ATV before, but I owned a scooter for seven years and have driven a motorcycle, so I am well aware of how to dress on a moving vehicle.  However, a few of the gals did not.  Girls - be smart, not stupid.  Wear pants and choose the morning session in the summer.  It's simply too hot to do this tour in the middle of the afternoon.  You'll die.  Second, wear moisture wicking clothes as you will sweat and pour water all over your body.  Bring a light long sleeved shirt.  The sun is strong and no matter how much sunscreen you apply, you'll be thankful for the coverage when the wind picks up and sand is blowing onto your bare arms.  Second, wear old tennis shoes. Not TOMS, not Keds, not sandals.  Again, don't be an idiot, you are in the desert on a 4-wheeler.  The pedals have metal prongs and you need protection from the heat of the engine.Last, bring a small backpack filled with water, extra sunscreen, ibuprofen, kleenex (i.e. toilet paper), chapstick and a bandana.  While the group gives you a water during the half time break, they only bring enough water for one bottle per person.  It's hot outside and the heat definitely got to me.  I wish I would have brought extra water and a bandana to cover my mouth from all the dirt.Now, onto the tour.  I thought it was amazing.  The guys are tatted up, smoke and good ole' boys - they know what they are doing.  They did a great job describing what we would be doing and the hand signals to follow.  They also had extra riders to round up the caboose and let the girls ride tandem in the event they were too scared to drive an ATV.  They warm you up with an easy start filled with small bumps and hills.  As you become more comfortable with the ATV,  you  have the option to be more aggressive as you trust the machine over time.  They definitely make it clear to do whatever you feel most comfortable with and they never make you feel stupid for taking it slow and careful.  They know the area like the back of their dry, tan hands and do their job well.Honestly, a one hour would have sufficed for me, as it's hot and physically exhausting, but we winded up riding two hours.  I'm not complaining, it was great fun, but for a retreat recreation I am planning in September, I would recommend to my older clients to perhaps consider just an hour as it is very physically demanding.  Also, your gas is in what looks like a gear shift on your right handle bar, it's a lot of strain to your right hand - it doesn't work like a motorcycle.  So be prepared for some terrible texting, post tour.I winded up flying over a "Witch's Eye" and into a dune, causing me to almost flip over the handlebars.  I didn't, but winded up jamming my right thigh into the throttle and right handlebar.  It left a nasty bruise, cut and whiplash, but it was all worth it.  The staff was great - they made sure I was OK, gave me water and asked several times if I wanted to stop and go back.  I assured them I was OK, and while I definitely felt it the next day...and today...I am still so happy I did the tour.  It was great to get out into the desert, out of the strip, see the jets fly above you and meet some new people. I definitely would recommend this group and Casey as your guide.  To make this trip more enjoyable - be prepared, not a dumb-ass.Lunch is provided afterwards and the team is eager to take group photos.  If you are ever in Vegas and looking for something different to do, give them a a call and go in the morning!
5	KC and Mora were awesome tour guides. they we very helpful and fun. John is very knowledgable and polite. Their were a few things to be concern about. Some of the atvs had problems, however you would expect it to be pretty beat up especially when you have beginners like myself rolling over giant rocks. Another issue was that the helmets we clean, but the goggles and gloves smelled like BO.  Overall it was an awesome experience but next time I'll know better then to go out on a atv your on a day that's over 100 degrees in Vegas.
5	Found this place through our concierge service at our hotel.  They are amazing! The tour is 2hrs and they guide John was excellent! He knew exactly what he was doing and showed us a great time! Had tons of fun running up and down sand dunes and seeing Jets take off from the air force base! Definitely a 5 star experience!
5	The boyfriend & I wanted to leave Vegas with a bang and man we sure did! We spotted this 1-hr tour on Groupon and were a bit skeptical. Initially, communication and booking the tour were a bit spotty. But, all was resolved once we were picked up from our hotel. KC & Korey were seriously skilled guides who took us on an adventurous, adrenaline filled ATV ride through the dunes. The rides were bursting with fun, speed and s-turns. They went out of their way making sure we were always hydrated and safe at several pit stops. If you're looking for a guaranteed fun time in Vegas that doesn't involve losing money, take this tour, snap some pics and revel in all the fun! Worth every single $$!
4	We used the groupon. We had some small difficulties when trying to schedule  and being picked up.....they were 45 minutes late. However, once we got there, our trip was absolutely amazing. **i recommend wearing jeans- my legs were burning while riding**John, Corey, Jerry, KC were all great. John was knowledgable and very informative on the ride. I wish we would have done the longer trip!
5	Outstanding! Kasey is the man! A very professional group of tour guides, Las vegas ATV is worth every penny! You get to see a side of Las Vegas most people don't even know existed. Make sure to bring your camera, And a big enough SD card because you're not gonna want to stop taking pictures of the panoramic views of the Las Vegas Strip and desert landscape.
5	Thank you to Guy, Cory, and Jerry, we had an awesome time during our tour! Thanks for singing Happy bday to my husband Jesse! Highly recommended!
5	We came in a group of ten on vacation here from chicago. Everyone was great.  The ride was amazing john is a great guy explained all the rules and safety issues on the way there. once there we had a brief training and skill assessment and off we went. jesse was a good guy. led the group. was a lot of fun. was a great way to get away from the lights of the strip and just enjoy the area. if jesse finds himself in "chiraq" any time soon he is more than welcome to come visit me at work here at the cook county jail. lol
5	Lot of fun! Despite heat they kept us hydrated. Casey and John were great guides. My first time in an ATV and enjoyed it! Oddly the cold sandwiches at the end of the tour were perfect given how hot we were by the end.
5	Our group of 11 had an amazing time!! The guides did a fantastic job at making sure all of us had a good time. With eleven different experience levels, there was plenty of guides making sure we were all safe. Big shout out to Korey for showing me the less risky routes to take. We went at the end of July and they made sure we were well hydrated and had a break here and there when needed. I highly recommend Las Vegas ATV tours if you want to get away from the glitz and glam and have a GREAT time in the dirt. Thanks again Las Vegas ATV tours!!!!
5	A great activity besides drinking, gambling, partying, coming to Las Vegas. I'm not much of a gambler so this is perfect if you want to kill time or go off the beaten path in Vegas. The ATV company will pick you up at your hotel and will take you off to the desert for ridding. I was able to ride in the front pack which was awesome while some beginners lagged it in the back. Helpful Tips:After you receive your groupon deal make sure you call the ATV company as soon as possible to schedule the tour date you desire. The scheduled tours fill up quick so book ASAP. Drink plenty of water before you go riding. After a full weekend on partying and drinking hydration is a must. The blazing sun will beat you to the ground! Wear clothes and shoes that you don't mind getting dirty. You will get dirty trust me!While riding avoid big rocks. While coming down the ATV on the dunes I slightly hit a larger rock thank goodness nothing bad happen.For a beginner I recommend the half tour. That is enough time ride and roll around in the sand if you have other things planned in Vegas.
5	My group had a great time with these guys! At thought I thought it was kind of expensive, but once you factor in the transportation, satff (3 guides will be with you during the entire ride), and the amount of time, it's definitely worth the money. Don't forget to tip those guys!Corey, John, and KC (Casey?) were our guides and they were friendly and fun. You get the ride in single file formation through the Las Vegas desert landscape. You won't have to go faster than you want, and they will make sure you are not going faster than you should. My girlfriend and I are not the outdoor type but this ATV experience was more fun than I expected. You will need a nice long shower and ice cold lemonade afterwards though.
5	Aloha everyone! I had fun and amazing time. It was a last minute plans on September 11 for my hubby and i and since a saw a groupon special. Don't buy until u confirm with them. We did the Nellis Dune tour which is 3 times a day 8, 12, and 3 pm, We booked the 3 awesome there was only 5 of us. We got there we meet Corey, KC and Jerry both are very knowledgeable guides. They asked if we rode before and organize us by our experience.***If u booked the tour by credit card make sure u bring cash I guess they charge when u get there and because your out there the wireless payment by phone may not be working. It was 289.00 for both my husband and I. They'll honor the groupon and just need to pay the difference. KC was our guide and his motto was to have fun and be safe in which we did. **FYI First timer I didn't know what to wear so I have a shirt and capri on since it was hot in the desert but I should have listen to and earlier post I have sensitive skin so the exhaust heat was burning my calves the next day I had blisters but the other girl that was with us had a dress so not sure if she had the same experience I did. It was and experience I'll never forget it was fun made sure we were hydrated all the time since it was a hot day. KC had included some pointer and history about the area that was interesting. Mahalo (thank you) LVAT had a blast!!!!!
5	I've lived in Vegas for 2 years & can't believe it took me so long to do this ATV tour!! Who knew the desert could be so much fun?? The tour is an absolute blast & the staff is helpful and friendly.. They make sure to keep you hydrated throughout the tour too! I can't wait to do this tour again, it's definitely one of the most exciting things in Vegas!
4	My husband and I found a groupon to do this while in Vegas on our honeymoon.  At first we were unsure about how good it was going to be because we made reservations on Saturday to do it the following Monday and we didn't hear anything back until Sunday night at almost midnight on when we were supposed to be picked up. I do suggest giving them ample time to respond when making a reservation! That is really the only bad thing I can say because the tour itself was awesome! The guides are really nice and helpful. I was with one other girl and 7 guys and I was able to go at my own pace (definitely slower than the guys!) but didn't feel like I was holding anyone up because they do stop at different points just to make sure everyone is ok.  My husband had a blast and once I got the hang of the ATV, I just had the best time! Definitely wear sunscreen because I did get a tad burnt! They pick you up and drop you back off at the hotel as well, which is cool because we never would have found our way there! We definitely recommend this for those looking for something to do off the beaten path!
5	This was the highlight of our Vegas vacation!  We knew it would be fun but it far exceeded what we had imagined!   I will admit my wife was a bit nervous about riding her own atv but once we arrived the guides made her feel so comfortable and capable that she gained full confidence.  From the time they picked us up at our hotel until the time they dropped us back off all of the staff treated us like we were their family!  They were funny, professional and had a genuine care for our experience.  The views were breathtaking the trails were awesome the sandwiches they served us didn't look that good but to our surprise they were really good.  We are now facebook fans and advocates for these guys and recommend to anyone traveling to Vegas to do yourselves a favor and take these guys tour!  We cant wait to go back to Vegas and do this tour again!  Thanks Las Vegas ATV Tours!!!
1	I'll start off with the pros with this company.  The staff was very friendly and very experienced.  These guys are definitely expert riders and make safety a number one priority.  They had a total of 5 staff accompanying 12 riders (8 of which were my group).   Nellis dunes is government  owned property which is open to the public.  This means that anyone can ride there.  The staff did a great job of scouting the area to ensure that other riders did not cross our way.  So why a 1 star review?  Well, the issues started when I purchased the Groupon deal.  I bought the $99 Groupon deal which includes a 2-hour ATV tour, free transportation from our hotel, and free water.  When I called Las Vegas ATV Tours to set a reservation, I was told that I should upgrade to their next level package because there is "no guarantee that our group would ride together."  We have to set a reservation so why would this be the case???  They are basically trying to scare you into upgrading.  In addition, I was told that if I upgrade, I will get free transportation from my hotel.  Ummm, my Groupon already includes that.  In any case, I set my reservation at 3pm and was told in the end that my group would not be separated.The day to ride finally came and they called me to arrange a pickup time from our hotel.  They came at about 2:40 and we left promptly.  The driver was very friendly and had lots of interesting information to share which made the ride go by faster.  We got to the site at about 3:05.  Our group was the first to show up.  We were told that they were waiting for 4 other people to come.  In the meantime, we gathered our helmets, goggles, and gloves.  Everything was dirty and scratched as expected, but the gloves were a joke.  They were basically gardening gloves with no real protection.  Anyways, the other group of 4 didn't show up until 3:30.  Then they still needed to gear up.  This is when one of their employees pulled me to the side to collect the tax money.  Apparently the Groupon deal does not cover taxes.  They charged me an additional $16.25 per person.  I have no idea how they came up with that number since the tax rate in Las Vegas is 8.1%.  I would be happy to pay for it if they had stated it beforehand on the Groupon page.  After I paid for it, the guy told me that our 2-hour ride is from "door-to-door" which means that we actually only get a 1 hour ride.  He apologized for the mistake on the Groupon page because it stated 2 hours.  If we upgrade, we'll get an extra hour.  I politely said no and figured that he was lying to me again to get me to upgrade. After that, they spent about 5 minutes going through safety info.  Then we spent another 5 minutes training going in circles and then we finally started heading out towards the dunes.   We rode until 4:30 and we came to a stop to drink water.  For some reason, their water bottles are missing the paper labels.  They tell us that we had reached the halfway point.  Our trip to the halfway point involved lots of turns, loops, climbs, and descents.  I was thinking okay, we started at 3:30, it is now 4:30, so we should be done at 5:30.  They offer us the deal again to upgrade.  We said no thanks, and then we started heading back.  I think they were pissed off that we didn't upgrade because our ride back was a slow crawl in basically a straight path from the halfway point back to the starting area.  We made it back at 4:55, less than half the time it took us to reach the "halfway point".  My gripe is that they ripped us off 30 minutes because the second group didn't show up on time.  My reservation was at 3.  They should have started training us at 3, and we should have been back at 5.  On top of that, they use false advertising on Groupon, they have hidden costs, and then they try to pressure you multiple times into upgrading.  There are plenty of other ATV tour companies out there in Vegas.  Don't go with this one.
1	I regretfully purchased this trip for my husbands birthday off of groupon.  The tour had been going well until I severely fractured my wrist while descending on the 4 wheeler on a sharp rocky downhill area; it drastically changed at that point.  Of the 3 tour leaders, not one had any idea what to do and had no first aid kit or way to brace or wrap the area, I ended up getting a dirty, sweaty bandana from one of the guys to wrap it in while he took me back to the van we arrived in.  Once at the van, they still had no first aid kit or any medical supply of any kind to help the situation and no cell phone reception to get help. The van driver took off his shirt to wrap around melting ice from the water cooler to put on it as at this point my wrist had trippled in size and I was in extreme pain, with absolutely no medical attention.  They then finally took us back but of course first had to drop off the other tour goers at their hotel, and then acted like they were doing me a favor by dropping us off at the hospital where I spent well over 4 hours in the emergency room. I have since had to have surgery to install plates and pins in my wrist and am I am about to start physical therapy to hopefully regain full use of my wrist, the doctor says it is unlikely. To add to an already horrible situation, I have repeatedly tried to contact the company to get a copy of a signed waiver, so that my insurance will cover my thousands of dollars in medical bills and have not received a response from anyone. I I truly hope others read this and choose another company that knows how to handle an emergency situation if one should unfortunately occur, you never know it could mean life or death; as well as a company that actually cares when someone is injured on their tour and responds when called and emailed numerous times for assistance.
1	Update 10-07-14A lady called to "set things right" a few minutes ago.  She was very argumentative in an effort to explain why I was wrong.  She explained that the "2-hour" ATV ride Groupon is from door to door.  She stated that the clock starts when they pick you up from your hotel and ends when they drop you off.  This includes traffic. This means that you only get 45 minutes of actual riding time.  I'm not easily provoked, but this lady managed to push all the right buttons.  I'll see if my party of eight will post on yelp to confirm our experience with this company.
5	Junior and Laura were the best tour guides! They accommodated our last min rsvp and delivered well beyond expectations. We had so much fun riding the dunes , sand traps, huge hills!! They took us on a nice long tour and really let us enjoy the beautiful scenery at a fast paced environment. At the end we all got do ride off jumps!! Will definitely be back!!oh yea and they give you free sandwiches,snacks and refreshments.
5	Definitely a must do in Las Vegas.  We had such a fun time with my whole family.  Thanks las vegas Atv tours!!!!
5	Had a great time with KC and Jerry on our ride at the Nellis Tour. We used the Groupon deal and they explained everything up front about the pickup/drop off, the taxes that are not covered with the Groupon and even the upgrade options. There was never any hard sell about anything. The guides were fun, thorough, and informative. We would definitely go back. We had a good group and everyone obeyed the most important rule, Have Fun.Thanks Las Vegas ATV Tours !
5	Had a great time. KC the tour guide made the riding fun for all skill levels. Nice scenic views of the strip and mountains. Highly recommended!
4	A great time without question.  The guides were great. The ride was a blast. The scenery is amazing. This will definitely be on my list for my next Vegas trip.
5	Without a doubt 1 of the coolest things I've done Between flying around sand dunes n rocks and being in the middle of the dessert  which was breath taking!!! Even during the 1 time of year it rains it was amazingOur guides where awesome with vast knowledge of the area Casey  n Jerry showed us a great time!! Thanks for the turkey sandwhiches!!!
5	This was my first time going atv riding and it was an amazing experience...our trip advisor named KC was amazing he was extremely patient and made sure we had fun but in a safe  way ....loved this experience !!!
5	Man let me tell you this has to be one of the best experiences I had In my life. The tour guide kc was fun and made sure we had a great time. I would highly suggest for anyone that's in Vegas to check em out. Just make sure you don't mind getting dirty Because you will.  I didn't want it to end I might have to come back tomorrow.
