2	Before we went to the Woodie's on Independence (now closed), we actually tried Woodie's Dilworth - and they did a pretty decent job changing out a battery.  Unfortunately they didn't fix the problem.It is true that we had a problem with our battery, but we eventually had to replace the alternator that caused the problem with the battery.  The people at Woodie's uptown were nice about it, they just didn't fix the problem.Edit:In response to Steven M. - Originally, we took the car (in 2004) to McDowell, where we had the battery replaced at their suggestion, as the alternator is a rather more expensive repair, so we were encouraged to hold off on the alternator for the time being.  Even replacing the battery was not a cheap repair, but it would be nice if it fixed the problem.  Love saving money and all.Unfortunately, it did not help, so we went to a closer location (Independence, now closed), to have it looked at under warranty, where we were charged another fee to analyze the electrical system.  Despite nothing beyond this fee, and no apparent problems cropping up during this inspection, this did not help either.So we actually had the alternator replaced in 2005 (approximately one year after the initial visit) at the Tryon Street location, for - you guessed it - another, rather large, fee.  Still didn't help.  We eventually sold the car.To their credit, this particular car gave fits to at least one other mechanic and a Nissan dealer.  So it may be the car more than Woodie's - but the problem was one that was not resolved in the first, second or third visit, and we kept getting charged the whole way.  But to say that we ignored the advice is misleading at best.
5	I just moved to Charlotte from New Jersey. Back home, I took my car to Al's and no where else. I was looking to develop the same relationship here.I pull my car into Woodie's at 5:05 on a Friday night. I'm greeted politely and told I can pull my car straight in. I couldn't believe I was getting checked out right away.Turns out all I needed was steering fluid. They put it in for free and solved the problem. I avoided getting ripped off and they gained a customer. For now, this will be where I go.
5	No one likes going to the mechanic when their car is acting up.  It's like going to the doctor when you have a mystery pain.  You always expect horrible news and expensive bills.  Woodie's made an unpleasant process extremely smooth and, dare I say, painless.My car decided to stop working one beautiful Sunday morning.  A friend swung by to jump it and it still refused to budge.  Fearing the worse (a bad alternator) I looked up mechanics in the area.  This chain had good reviews and there was one around the corner, so I decided to give them a try.They were nice over the phone and just as nice in person.  Even though I didn't have an appointment (and it was near closing time) they were able to fit me in.  The waiting room in this place was surprisingly nice.  Clean, comfortable, and it had free soda, coffee, and water.  They found the problem (bad battery cable) and fixed it for a reasonable price.  I didn't feel gouged by labor or parts costs.  I hope I don't have to return to them anytime soon (just like the doctor's office), but if I do I feel very comfortable having them take care of the repairs.
1	I took my civic there just last week because the woodies on Palmer was booked. I told him the car was making a rattling noise and to find the problem and fix it. Well about an hour later they called me telling me my front brakes needed changed. I said ok but what's that rattling noise and he said they didn't hear it. I picked it up after work and as soon as I hit the gas it made the noise. I then called Summerfield Auto in Waxhaw and they told to drop it off and they'll take a look. Needless to say they found the problem and it was a bent pipe underneath. They bent it back and the noise is gone. They also realized the wrong oil was in there. It's a hybrid so it's supposed to be running synthetic. Woodies didn't find any of this I will never take my car there again.
1	Yes you did check the brakes and the noise had nothing to do with the brakes. I didn't change the front brakes until after Summerfield fixed the rattling noise. So I don't understand how that affects anything?I don't care if the "check" was free I wanted the problem fixed. Summerfield delivered and fixed the problem and Woodies didn't.
5	Honestly I never take the time to rate anything on Yelp, but Woodies is the kind of place that deserves the praise. I recommend Woodies to everyone I know. I absolutely love this shop and have had only amazing experiences. Before moving to Charlotte I had never had a positive experience with any mechanic. I always felt talked down to, not taken care of and honestly half the time lied to. The staff at Woodies goes out of their way to make the experience welcoming and the service that they provide is fantastic. Not only is it the most enjoyable experience you can have when having to have a car in the shop (their lovely waiting room, shuttle service, communication, flexibility, I could go on for days), you know that you do not have to worry when you leave with your car that you received anything less than their full effort and expertise. They go out of your way to get all of your issues resolved and are truly looking out for you. I cannot express enough how much I love these guys. I feel genuinely safer because of getting my car serviced here. This place is where you want to take your car and your trust. I am living three hours away for the summer and I still came back to Charlotte just so that I could have my car taken care of at Woodies! Thank you all for changing my entire experience of auto shops, you have my business for the long haul!
1	I had bad experiences with this shop. If you are looking for throwing away your money, woodie's is your top choice.My truck came out with worse sharp than it was before. I went in for brake problems.It had other apparent issues, which are costs to much to fix since the car itself doesn't worth the cost.  However, they don't care, they don't have your best interest. After they "fix" the brake, the car is still not derivable. A good car shop would advise customers that it is not worth your money to fix this car any more.Unless you are an expert on cars, don't go to this one. They will not give you the best advise. Plus, the labor costs is twice as other shops. There are many good independent shops around.
