4	A very good place for brunch. They have a lot a choices and it's inexpensive. The place is very cute and decorated like a farm. I had eggs florentine on english muffins and smoked salmon with a hollandaise sauce. It comes with hash-brown potatoes and sweet & warm apples. The bill was less than $12.
3	Great place for brunch, very intimate seating. Great meals with clearly very fresh ingredients. A gem of Plateau.
1	inexpensive doesn't have to mean gross. that place hasn't been cleaned in ages, the baskets hanging from the ceiling are so dustry, it makes me want to vomit. the food is diner-quality and their cooked apples are gross (plus i hate cooked apples). it's small and stuffy and reminds me of a dirty grandmother's house. They need to renovate and revamp the menu. the only reason they're still open is because Montreal has loads of cheapos.
3	The food's pretty good, and there are lots of options, although it has a bit of that all-tasting-the-same problem that sometimes happens at brunch places.Also, be prepared to wait in line and then feel kind of crowded when you're eating.
3	This is a very average breakfast restaurant. They don't do anything bad, but they don't blow you away either. If I had to complain, I would say that they pack the place a little too tight with the tables.
4	Check this place out !I went in to this place bc I and my boy friend spent our entire morning looking for Mont Royal and Maison de Smith taking buses and metro. (we finally got there at night by driving lol) We're walking around Plateau Mont Royal's main road and just went in out of hunger and exhaustion.This place is a hidden treasure. Most of customers were locals and the atmosphere was like typical sunday morning back home. I had Versailles omelette and my boy friend had Oslo. (they named their omelettes after cities') Oslo was close to perfection! Great bread as a side and the satisfying quantity can feed Americans! lol Servers were speaking fairly good English so don't be afraid to join locals of Montreal +_+.
