4	A Korean restaurant owned by a Korean, yay! Nuri Village is a new Korean restaurant at University plaza (beside UW) which replaced Curry In A Hurry.My friend ordered the gamjatang which was quite salty (as it should be, I guess). The dish had a good amount of meat that my friend found hard to finish.I got the japchae bap. The noodles were quite dry, but full of flavour. The chicken was nicely fried with a sweet sauce.Together we ordered the ddukbokki. Nothing particularly special. Nicely spicy and sweet at the same time. We both enjoyed this dish over our individual dishes though.We also received complimentary orange and cranberry juice! :) Overall, we had a good experience.
1	I don't recommend this place at all. My friends and I ordered different menus but no one was satisfied.
4	I came here once with my friends and we order bulgogi, gamjatang, and something else I can't remember. My friends were comparing this place to Minerva but I've never tried Minerva at this point and thought the food was on point! I did go to Minerva several weeks later and I thought the gamjatang was a lot better at Nuri Village - however I haven't had a lot of Korean food in my life. The service was really friendly, I liked the family vibe I got. The owner spoke some Korean with my friend which was nice.
5	Nuri Village is my go-to lunch restaurant when I am on campus. I've been eating here every Tuesday and Thursday for the past 2 months. Why? Because it's so good.I almost always order Pork Bone Soup. It is godly. For $7.99, you receive 3 large, tender pieces of pork and some napa cabbage, potatoes, and green onions -- all soaked in a delicious, mildly-spicy broth with a bowl of rice on the side. Protip: use your hands to break apart the bones so that you can get to every last piece of meat.I've also tried Soon Tofu. It is great. It is a broth consisting of tofu, an assortment of seafood, and an intact egg yolk. It comes with a bowl of rice as well.The service is excellent. The waiters and waitresses are very friendly and cheerful. The green tea tastes great. And of course, they give you complimentary, refillable Korean side dishes to go along with your main course.Nuri Village is the #1 restaurant in the entire University Plaza. You will not be disappointed.
