5	Don't go anywhere else for your granite! Superior installed our granite kitchen counters last weekend and did an amazing job. Their team is knowledgeable, professional and able to schedule appointments and installs within a matter of days. We couldn't be more pleased with our entire experience with Superior and the end product...our kitchen is now awesome! PS: their prices will beat any competitor, so don't waste your time and gas shopping around! Just head straight to their showroom.
4	Highly recommend to others.  Timely and free in home estimate, got to choose my granite slabs at the showroom, competitive prices, timely and good quality install.  My kitchen turned out great!
1	First part of the process went well. The person who came out to measure/estimate our countertops was friendly and walked us through all the options/pricing. The next week, we drove an hour and 15 minutes to the showroom to look at slabs and bring back some samples. We found two styles we really liked, and got samples for each.We took the samples home, and picked one that we really liked. I called in and asked our salesperson if we could make an appointment the next week to pick out 2 slabs in the style we'd chosen. He checked the inventory and said they had plenty, so we made the appointment.That saturday came, and we drove an hour and 15 minutes to the showroom, only to find that the style we'd picked out had sold out. Which means we'd made a 2.5 hour round trip for nothing. At no point during the week did we receive a phone call telling us it had sold out and we needed to reschedule.The salesperson didn't apologize or take responsibility... just said "at least it's a nice day for a drive." No apology. No acknowledgement that he could have called us.That kind of service doesn't fly when we're taking about spending thousands of dollars on a remodeling project. Needless to say, we took our business elsewhere.
1	I would never use Superior Stone and Cabinet. We attempted to get an estimate on a complete master suite remodel and upgrade. The communication process was so poor I finally gave up. Unanswered emails and no responses. To add the ultimate evidence of the lack of professionalism and interest in customer service I recieved an emai today; two full months after the initial selection of materials and concepts with their salesperson, Dennis. Interestingly the project had been completed just three days previously by a much more responsive company. I can only imagine what a disaster it could have been to actually engage Superior Stone and Cabinet in the actual project if they couldn't even handle the simple estimate process. Hopefully this was just a particularly bad representative and not indicative of the entire company. Be cautious.
5	Repeat customer here!Have worked with Jeff on two houses and can't wait to start our 3rd!!After numerous horrendous experiences with vendors/contractors, Im thrilled to have found SSC.  Jeff is an amazing person to work with; he is easy-going, patient, and very detail-oriented!   Even my spouse loves Jeff and calls him a "breath of fresh air, finally someone we don't have to babysit"!  Most importantly, I love how responsive Jeff is.  You can always count on him to get back to you in a timely manner.  You will be impressed by how knowledgeable Jeff is about kitchen cabinets.  If you are looking for kitchen cabinets, you will have to visit SSC.
5	I have had the pleasure of working with Jeff on 2 large projects one was a complete kitchen and 2 bathrooms the second a large granite replacement Jeff did a fantastic job with both he was available when needed made both projects a breeze keeping the schedule on target with no glitches Jeff is a pleasure to work with and a true professional I would not hesitate to call on Jeff and superior stone and cabinet for my future projects.
5	I did my research on the AZ ROC and BBB to find a reputable contractor to install granite countertops in our kitchen. Superior was well recommended, so I spoke to Steve Marx about Superior performing the work and he came out immediately to provide a quote. We were in the middle of moving, but Steve was patient and professional as we did price comparisons and worked out a schedule. Once we made our decision and gave the green light, he was able to schedule the installation in two days! The installers did a fantastic job and the upgrade will no doubt enable us to sell the house quickly. I plan to reach out to Steve for upgrades on our new home in the near future.
