3	New deep dish pizza was alright, only in size medium, and can certainly give Pizza Hut a run for the money.  This location has an enormous seating area, friendly staff, and plenty of parking.  Nice location SE corner of Pima & Pinnacle Peak.
1	I've always loved Domino's and this one is no exception until last night. I went to order a pizza and knew that they had stopped delivering to my area so asked if I could do carry-out. Carry-out closes right before I called so I asked I'd I could have a delivery to their parking lot (semi joking) and they said no. Then when I said "So, there is no way I can buy a pizza from you guys?" he responded with "No. You should try Barro's or Papa John's"...  I understand the place being closed and all but his rude, short attitude along with the fact that he didn't even recommend another local Domino's and instead referred me to another company for pizza was absurd. If I was the manager, I'd fire that kid on the spot.
2	Like the food when they have it available...twice no Caesars Chix and tonight no Carbonera
5	Ok I cant believe Im writing a 5 Star review for Dominos this certainly wasn't the result of one special delivery experience but rather a number of improvements over the past year.  First Dominos has been a company that constantly looks for ways to improve its food and menu.  They completely changed their entire sauce and crust recipe so the original pizza no longer exists and what we have now is a much better flavor profile.  They added several BBQ Chicken dishes and a bunch of new sauces such as garlic and habanero all excellent and stuffed cheezy bread.  We recently tried the new Pizza Hut out here on Pinnacle Peak and Pima three times over the last couple months because the girls wanted the stuffed crest and had very bad experience`s with order mistakes, cold pizza and limited toppings.  The fact is Pizza Hut is no longer competition for the flavors and quality you get at Dominos.  Im not saying these companies offer the best pizza Im just saying Dominos has the fastest pizza with the most flavor for the best price hands down.  The stuffed cheezy bread is off the charts the garlic sauce fantastic and they even have deep dish now.  We have ordered at least 20 times from this location of the past year and they have never made a mistake on our order.  That alone is amazing in itself.  We also ask them to crisp our pizza in the oven a little longer highly recommend that.  Great job Dominos with your menu expansion and better flavor profiles and sauces.  A well deserved review.
4	RECOMMENDED:  Domino's new improved pizza is much better than their previous pizza.  Everything tastes better starting with  their improved zesty crust.Their $5.99 for 2 large 2 topping carry out pizzas are a pretty good deal.  The location is neatly tucked away in the AJ's shopping center at Pima Rd & Pinnacle Peak. Staff is pretty nice, as they greeted me from the kitchen. I was pleasantly surprised that they are super fast to have pizzas ready for carry out.They no longer will give you packets of parmesan cheese.  Instead they will sell you a packet of parmesan cheese.  I don't think they offer crushed red pepper packets either.  Whatever works Domino's.
