4	Alright people, I've been here once and I already love it.  They serve food there too!  I first thought it was JUST smooothies, but oh no my fellow Yelper, they have delicious food in there.  What!?!?!  What is this madness!?!?!  Serving food at a Smoothie Cafe?  YES.  It is real.  I have had the Turkey Bacon Sandwich and it was bomb.  I actually had ordered a half and half.  Half a sandwich with a smoothie.  It is such a good price!  It wasn't a small smoothie cup either.  It was a regular sized smoothie cup, so I definitely felt that I had received my money's worth.  The staff in there was very pleasant.  When my friends and I arrived there, we were all greeted with smiles.  There was nice friendly chit chat while waiting for our smoothies and food as well.  I feel that the size is a good size.  I didn't count the tables, but they have a good amount in there, and you can definitely look out the window and people/car watch (it's not creepy!...or is it?).  I seriously feel like I'll be stopping by this place every week for their good food and smoothies.
5	The food is actually really good!  Grabbed the chipotle chicken club, and it was awesome!  The sauce has a spicy kick to it and it's great. Always love their smoothies and they recommended the Sunrise Sunset.  Pineapple, strawberries, mango and orange.  So good!
5	Love the choices of wraps and sandwiches. The smoothies are very tasty and I like the fact that you are able to add "boosts" to it. Nutritious and delicious indeed. :-)
4	Toasted toasted toasted. Word of the day for sure. The toasted wraps are awesome. I went with the Thai Chicken and it was a great combo with wontons, chicken and a Thai sauce that had nice heat. Perhaps a little too much sauce overall. Side choices include chips, a banana or an apple. You also get a smoothie for $3 with a food purchase which is the way to go. The smoothie was not as good as Carolina Smoothies but better than The King for sure. Parking can be a hassle of course but you probably figured that out based on the address.
5	I love the island green smoothie with soy protein powder. Quick, easy and great prices!
4	Great healthy smoothies! I've only tried the carrot and spinach blends but they were both yummy. Very accommodating staff. They were running a happy hour morning special and that's a good opportunity to try new smoothies (I don't know if it's still going on or not now). I haven't tried the food yet but I bet it's just as yummy.
4	Great food and great prices! This was my first visit to this little place and I couldn't be happier with my breakfast choices! The staff was more than helpful explaining the different smoothies and sandwiches! I chose the island green smoothie and a buffalo breakfast sandwich. The smoothie was huge and priced at under $5- a big plus! The sandwich was warm and flavorful and had a good amount of egg and bacon. My total for both was $7.30- price-wise, you can't beat this place!I will be back!
3	I do not like white sauces on my food and when I ordered it WITHOUT the white sauce, it still came to me with it on the food. We had a long conversation about substituting the white sauce for a Thai Peanut sauce, and they even let me sample it before they completed my order. However, the cook apparently had trouble reading and interpreting the order.  I got home to discover white sauce all over the food. He smoothie was fantastic, non issues there!  Prices are okay. But, I would like to see management train the cooks on proper order preparation.
5	I was so excited to find that Tropical Smoothie came to Charlotte. I grew up on the coast where it was plentiful. I was sad to see that my favorite wrap was no longer offered but their Chipotle Chicken Club Flatbread was very good. The staff was so genuinely nice and helpful as well so that was a definite plus.I cannot give much advice on the smoothies since I always get the Jetty Junior - a smaller alternative to the Jetty Punch for those that cannot finish a whole regular smoothie. I can say, however, that they use real fruit in their smoothies and not just powder. The locations back home had the prep area open for view to the public and you'd always see heaping piles of fresh fruit ready to be used.
4	I love this place. It's always clean, and the staff is very friendly. Their prices are amazing at breakfast time, and for about five bucks I can get a breakfast big enough to share with my boyfriend. The wake up wrap is quite possibly the best version of a breakfast burrito ever made, and their green smoothies are really good. They just added a new perfectly green smoothie, and it is fantastic. So fantastic that I want to go back tomorrow and get it again. Their smoothies only come in one size: huge, hence the sharing. I'd give it five stars but service can be a little slow.
5	Awesome! I haven't had a good smoothie since leaving Virginia (Tropical Smoothie in Newport News). This location stands up to the brand quality and the service is always awesome.My usual is sunrise sunset (no mango) and a Thai chicken wrap. My husband is the tropicolada w/ energy boost. If you're looking to grab a cool, refreshing lunch this is the place.
1	First time coming to tropical smoothie - ordered a island green and added 2 additional fruits. I asked the young lady who made my drink if it was good this way she said "no one had retuned it before."  My drink turned out horrible - I asked if I could get it remade the manager was fairly rude and told me they do not remake drinks. However, I could purchase another one for another $7. Had I known I was unable to return the drink I wouldn't have ordered it. Needless to say I am very disappointed in the lack of customer service and won't be returning to this store or referring anyone.
2	I hate giving a place 2 stars b/c the product itself is very good.  Great smoothies, sandwiches, and other items.  However, EVERY time I have come in,  there are clearly not enough employees to service the demand.  Also, just yesterday (Sunday) I showed up right at 10am and their doors were locked, and a few of us waiting knocked on the door to no response.  Unfortunately, you cannot afford to stay in business with slow service and ill-prompt opening.    PLEASE PLEASE think about bringing on more people, especially on Saturday mornings when I see more traffic.  I would hate for y'all to lose more business!  I live at the Metropolitan and want to see you all succeed more than most!!
4	This is it people. There comes a time in your life when you are left woth no choice but to change your mind. I was not a smoothie person. I thought it wasn't me. And the few that I had were either too sweet or too slush! Oh, no not the smoothie here. And I could feel how the blueberries were fresh and mixed with as little of the bad stuff we see on the news. It tasted gooood. I mean if there were no copyrights I'd make an add saying it does a body good.My experience started with visiting a fellow Yelper, Grace S., to meet with her colleague. They both work in the same building as this place. Soom after we realized that the man I went to see, Shane, was a regular here, and lucky me, he was on his smoothie run! Yes I tagged along and that's when it happened.Shane just ordered 'the usual'. I live blueberries so I went with the Blue Lagoon. THE BEST SMOOTHIE EVER! Ladies and gentlemen, I kid you not. And the staff were friendly, and everything was clean. Waht more can you ask for? Oh, right, sandwiches! Yes, they sell stuff you can have for brunch or lunch too! One stop solution my friends. Go try a Blue Lagoon asap.
3	This is a nice little place with good smoothies and decent sandwiches. I'm a little worried about it though because of the extremely slow workers. This has happened to me 4 times so far. There is nothing to cook or even grill and wraps can take up to 10 minutes with no other customers. Can't pop in if you're in a hurry. As my 6 year old said "shouldn't they be done by now?"
4	Everything here is good. Menu stays fresh with seasonal offerings as well as standards. Can't miss with any of the smoothies.
