4	Nicely decorated interior, very friendly service, and excellent food.
4	Upscale version of Chautaura on State St.  Preparations are more European.  Food has been outstanding every time I've been there.  Atmosphere is wonderful.  This is a kind of restaurant lacking in Madison - excellently prepared creative food at reasonable prices in a neighborhood setting.
5	Gorgeous decor, delicious food. Interesting detail: first drinks were very small, second drinks (red wine and margarita), the servings were TWICE the size. What was that about? Remorse? Food was delicious. Mussels in coconut curry, chicken tagine, salmon salad... all very very good.
4	Wayyyy delicious food, fun atmosphere and nice decor. The service here was a bit hectic as there was some private party going on tonight, but the food was way too amazing for that to detract from the evening. The dining experience was civilized yet laid back and I can see myself coming back here numerous times in the future.Also, their food is not just "Himalayan / Nepalese." They have tons of Mediterranean, Indian, even South American dishes.
5	I may like Dobhan more than I normally would for the following reasons:1. We had just driven 4 hours from Minneapolis and needed sustenance.2. We wanted to go to Lao Laan Xang for lunch (at 1:45) on Sunday, but they were closed.  So we went to Monty's--who wouldn't have a table for 30 minutes.  We were starved and still had to drive 4 hours back home, so we stumbled into Dobhan, who was serving brunch until 3pm.  Hooray for keeping good hours!3. I got the "Bhat Tarkari," which was simply described as a vegetable stew with Nepali spices.  I was given the choice (by the waitress) between "Saag" and something else--but she had me at the word "Saag."  I loves me some Saag.  She served me a generous portion of Saag with black-eyed peas and mushrooms over rice.  It was lick-the-plate good.  I'm serious--I actually had to stop myself from licking the plate.  It seemed relatively healthy, and my tummy was satisfied for a long while.4. Honestly, for the quality of the dish I had, I would've expected to pay more than $10 including tax and tip.  That was a nice contrast from paying $10 for a can of soda and small sandwich in Minneapolis.In other news, the decor is gorgeous and the service is friendly.  Plus, they serve yak meat in more than one dish.  I didn't get it, but if I go back, I'll have to try it.  I mean, come on...yak meat!  Where else are you going to find that?
3	Had I known their Himalayan/Nepalese speciality, I could have liked this place with better choice of entrees. Ignorance was on my part, I guess. A Sunday night dinner here started with a warm welcome at the front followed by a plate of delicious bread + dip (it was "like" hummas and pita, but not quite - anyways, delicious). For the main dish, I ordered Tajine (moroccan speciality), which really could have been a lot better with proper cooking technique. My friend's salmon dish looked very pretty, but the flavor didn't quite match the appearance. He said "I could have had better salmon at Red Lobster." Ouch.But their mojito was good. So I'll raise a glass to that.
5	we went on a week night so it was not busy and we didn't experience any service problems.  our waiter was great and made some really helpful recommendations.  i ended up getting something i did not expect to - the special, the cuban plate with tofu (i was sort of confused as to why they had cuban food).  it was the some of the best tofu i've ever eaten, im not sure what they did to it, but i was sold.
5	Completely unpretentious and super delicious. One of the best  for Breakfast / Lunch / Dinner with definite Madison feel.My favorites: Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon / Chicken Tandoori / Seafood Briyani / Salmon sandwich. Choose Dal soup as a side. All other things on the menu are delicious as well.Place gets crowded at times, so bring a company for a chat :) / Some ingredients might be missing but substitutes are just as good. Just come in, relax and enjoy your food.
4	Wife and I shared Tandoori chicken kabob  this evening. Started with battered vegetables, salad and dal, tasty. All was well presented including the hot empty plate we used for splitting our meal. Fresh stir-fried vegetables and rice accompanied the kabob. This was my 3rd visit.
4	I have really enjoyed several meals at this restaurant. They have a nice variety of vegetarian dishes and they offer both brown and white rice. That scores major points in my book. Some of the wait staff are fabulous, a couple seem decent. As already stated, the decor is styley and they have a good set-up for large groups.
4	As others have said, service is slow.  But, if you aren't in a rush and bring friends for good conversation, you can relax and enjoy a really nice meal.  Fresh ingredients, nice flavors, and affordable wine list.  I'll be going back.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  I live nearby, so I'm there OFTEN.  In addition to their regular menu, they have some delicious and unexpected nightly specials....Mexican, Cuban, and barbeque ribs specials are always great.  Vegetarian friendly, great portion sizes and very reasonable prices.The decor is wonderful....even Tibetan prayer wheels.  Airy interior, interesting art.  And I've never felt rushed.If you go, don't miss the dal.
2	As far as Nepalese places go in Madison, Dobhan is not the place to visit. Stick to Himal Chuli on State Street.I came here for dinner on a Sunday night. To start, the service was friendly, but slow and inattentive. I had to flag down a waiter to get me a table, and then do a lot more flagging to place my order and to pay my bill.I started out with an order of samosas, which were solid and respectable. I wanted some veg. potstickers or momos, but they don't offer vegan versions (or even vegetarian versions) which was surprising. I'm guessing that they use some kind of frozen pre-made kind, which is why they don't offer any variety of fillings.For my main course I had the veggie burger ($8), mostly because none of their Nepalese dishes looked appealing at the prices they were charging ($14 for a seitan curry?). The burger was terrible. The patty had no flavor and was under-salted; the bun was an awful white flour spongy piece of garbage and the lettuce and tomato were like eating plastic. The tomato was particularly brutal: it was pink in color, mealy and devoid of any flavor, the way that cafeteria salad ingredients tend to be. Which is basically how Dobhan is sourcing its ingredients I imagine (let me guess: their food service provider is Sodexho or Aramark).In the end, Dobhan is imminently avoidable.
3	The previous reviews are accurate, so if you're not prepared for a long night, go elsewhere.  The service is seriously slow.  The servers are nice but they disappear.After quickly taking my beer order,  our server left and didn't return for a half-hour with my appetizer of spicy musshae (steamed soy-bean pods)- and no beer. We had to flag down the hostess to retrieve the beer.  She was embarrassed, and the server apologized.  Service continued like this all night, probably due to the "private party" effect.The middle of the restaurant was dominated by a child's birthday party (balloons and all), with kids and parents enjoying food together.  Nice scene - I like families dining together.  But the kids were absolutely wild.  They were running laps around the restaurant with balloons trailing, playing with the big beads near the entrance, and almost flattened a server during these antics.  (Maybe that's why the servers disappeared?)Yes, the parents acted terribly by not constraining their kids, but the management could have handled this much better.  It was really unpleasant to have these kids running and screaming by our table every thirty seconds as they did their laps.  Eventually two kids had a big collision, leading to screams and tears.  Yet, the management continued to be mellow and uninvolved.I liked the food and the beer.  The curry shrimp over wilted spinach was delicious.  I found the mussels in the coconut milk sauce to be fair. There are many things on the menu that look appealing.  Next time I'm in town I would think about trying Dobhan again - if the servers were still slow and the atmosphere was mellow, I'd be okay with it.  But if I saw a bunch of little kids with balloons I'd turn right around and head to one of the other Nepalese places in town!
2	We've dined here three times.  The food is always good and so is the service.  The exception was dining on Friday 4.1.11.  We had a four top and the waitress forgot to put one of our orders in correctly.  She didn't figure it out until after three meals were brought out.  So, three of us ate and the 4th person in our party had to wait 20 minutes more for their food.  We were finished by the time the 4th plate arrived.   It was very awkward and ruined the dining experience.
5	Ok so I came home with a tummy ache from this place, but its totally because I ate way to much (sheepish grin), it was just soooo goood.  Decor is kinda mix and match asian and indian which also describes the menu. I had a really hard time deciding what to get - there are plenty of appealing dishes on the menu.  Which simply means I'll have to go back,  with a bit more restraint...
4	Classy but simple Nepali/Himalayan food in the Atwood corridor. Their chicken kabobs are really juicy and well cooked.
1	Extremely disappointing!!! We were a table of four and it took well over an hour after we placed our order. What's worse is it was not worth the wait. Portions are small, price ridiculous, flavor bland. It was a complete bust.
3	The service was better than I thought which was nice, but the yak burger was so so.. We need to go back again. The soup however was very tasty.
4	We like to come to Dobhan for brunch, and it's always been tasty. We tend to get their breakfast sandwich, but the whole brunch menu looks good, especially if you like a little bit more esoteric dining experience. Their mango habanero sauce is delicious, but you have to ask for it, and a little goes a long way.
5	I had a wonderful meal here on Sunday.  The service was great and the menu interesting.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	Great vegetarian options, service and atmosphere.  I had the seitan and it was really good.  Great salad, dal & dessert.  Paced well... nothing but good things all the way around for the four people we had who ate dinner here tonight.
5	Tried the samosas and the dumplings. Both were divine. When we got the entrees, neither of us talked for a while because it was so good. I want to try everything on the menu. As many other reviewers have mentioned, the service is slow. However, we weren't in a rush and just enjoyed ourselves. Chill out and you can do the same.
1	I've been to brunch 3 times at Dobhan, and I've run out of excuses for them. The service is abysmal and the staff seems to spend a lot of time bickering 'behind' the bar in full view of the dining area. On our last visit, we waited almost an hour for our meals, only to be served the wrong preparation for our eggs. We were hungry, so we didn't ask for them to be done again. Even if we'd wanted to, the server was long gone. The potatoes were unevenly cooked and some were a little hard in the middle. Really too bad, because the menu has some unique items, but there are so many places with excellent service in Madison that I don't think I'll be back.
2	The app was very nice (something breaded and fried), the margaritas were strong, but the service was slowwww.  I ordered the tofu secuwa, and they somehow served the tofu too dry -- didn't know this was possible.
2	This used to be a favorite brunch spot on the weekend. Today, the service was again very slow. The Puhle Mumari ( an eggs Benedict type dish, and always my favorite) was disappointing. The sauce was sour rather than pungent and spicy and the  mung bean patty was flat. Bummer.
5	Our favorite restaurant!
4	The East side of Madison and Atwood Ave. have an eclectic blend of restaurant offerings. Dothan has a nice menu offering that will fit anyone's desired tastes. From Vegetarian to meat they offer multiple choices in each category. Our food was excellent, the wait staff was personable, the service was very good and we'll continue to go to Dobhan. They didn't get 5 stars cuz no one gets five stars from me unless you blow me off my chair.
2	For me, it's a NAH. Coming here right after we biked for almost 5 hours, we felt hungry. If hungry, even the bad food tastes good. But too bad, that hypothesis wasn't working in this place. I hate to give a bad review but this restaurant just left some bad taste in my mouth. It was five of us and we ordered different menu. I had the samosa and Curry Shrimp. Hubby had potato croquette and Keema Dosa. Other companions had Morrocan Lamb Tagine, Morrocan Chicken Tagine and Tandoori Chicken. After waiting for more than 40 minutes (the waitress whose job is to fill in our water had been coming back for countless time before the food was served), most of us were disappointed with our dish. My curry shrimp sauce was good but the shrimp was cold (I assumed they just didn't heat it enough from the fridge), and my samosa was cold too. Hubby complained the same thing about his potato croquette. It was cold inside. My friends who had other dish commented similarly: it was too salty. They wanted to complain but were too worried it would take them another long wait just to enjoy one meal. Too bad our evening was not of excellent due to our failure of choosing a good restaurant.
5	Delicious food with great service. Fairly pricy for dinner but they have a great brunch on the weekends which is very reasonably priced!
4	I am a fan of this restaurant. The food  ingredients are purchased locally and always creatively and freshly prepared. The servers have always been friendly and efficient.The smoked salmon salad is yummy!
5	Love ! Love! Love this place! The dal is perfect and I always leave satisfied when I order the tofu buff or tofu secawa. The service could be improved by simply hiring a few more waitstaff. Atmosphere is lovely. This is a little gem.
3	I love Himal Chuli. I wish I loved Dobhan. The space is attractive but not warm and welcoming. The service is lackluster even when there is hardly anyone in there. As for the food, it is uneven. I recently had the Tandoori chicken. It was delicious, moist, and good to look at. The vegetables were equally as tasty and attractive. The accompanying yogurt sauce was excellent. I have had lamb a couple of times in the past. The last time I had the tangine it was so salty it was inedible. I spoke to the owner who said the preserved lemon could have caused the problem, he offered no reparation. The vegetarian dishes are overpriced. I wish that the owner and staff reflected some commitment and joy about this restaurant that could be a neighborhood gem.
4	I love having brunch at Dobhan. Their food is cooked well (I especially like the Cuban sandwich and the huevos rancheros) and is tasty. They also have great homemade salsas.HOWEVER, their service is ALWAYS terrible. The servers are slow, forgetful, and unhelpful. I have friends who REFUSE to eat at Dobhan because of the awful service. If they could get the service to match the food, it would be a hands-down winner.
2	I didn't necessarily dislike Dobhan, but I'm in no hurry to go back.  The waitstaff was attentive but the food too slow to come out.  Food was okay but OVERPRICED. We dropped $40 on two samosas, an appetizer sized salad that was supposed to be an entree, and a vegetarian dish that was 4 pieces of tofu, a few vegetables, and some rice.  Next time we'll  head to Himal Chuli.....or even good old Wong's down the street.
4	We went to Dobhan for brunch after discovering the diner across the street had a long wait. It was our second choice but ended up being a good one. The eclectic brunch menu offered up some breakfast classics such as eggs Benedict as well as some less ordinary options including eggs on chili con carne and dhosa (a kind of crispy crepe) filled with scrambled eggs. Everything looked and tasted delicious. While I can't speak to their regular menu, I can definitely say that I would have no hesitation returning to Dobhan again.
2	Walked over to Dobhan for dinner after a long day and a short road-trip to Stoughton on 4/15/14. We arrived around 7:00pm.+ What an awesome space - so open, airy, welcoming, yet intimate. Perfect space for large groups, foursomes, or couples. + Loved the colors and decor+ The menu!!! Awesome selection of Tibetan-influenced food, along with some American staples+ Decent beer selection (all bottles)+ Awesome sangria (the ginger - wow!)+ Waters were poured "no ice" without asking- Servers were harried and rushed; they were clearly understaffed and our server made it her point to continually inform us of how bad things were... why don't they have more folks on staff during the rush hours?- We ordered a salad and asked for the dressing on the side; it arrived fully dressed. Not a big deal as the salad was excellent "as is" but such a simple request was ignored. We couldn't flag down our server to get it corrected...- Small plates were a mixed bag... the flatbread plate: awesome, especially the walnut-roasted-pepper hummus. The Pakauda included copious amounts of green bell peppers, of which my girlfriend is not a fan of, and yet there was no mention of them on the menu.- Entrees were again mixed... the nightly special of Norwegian salmon was superb - very flavorful and well executed. Perfectly seared, luicous salmon with fragrant veggies. Not sure it was worth $20, but it was tasty (the salmon was *maybe* 3.5 ounces?). My girlfriend's dish of Chicken Chaula was supposed to include ginger, garlic, cilantro, and chili. Instead it was dry, bland, and came served on a bed of sticky rice with a boatload of green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and a few other stringy veggies.- Refills took *forever*; and when we tried to flag-down our server, we often didn't see her for long bits of time. - Not a good value... our meager meal for two (3 drinks, flatbread, a small plate, and an entree) totaled out at $66 before tip. Based on what we received, I'd say that was a bit outrageous.Although I live 1.5 blocks from here, I doubt I'll be back. It's too pricey, the service was too spotty, and the dishes that I had high hopes for were too uninspired. We chatted about the rating, and I originally planned to rate this place at 3-stars, but after digesting the experience for a few hours, I'm left feeling sour... so, it's 2-stars.
4	Just went here for the first time this evening because I had a gift card. It was a nice time.The place is just lovely. There's a lot of art on the walls and it's just a really nice atmosphere. Our server was so, so nice. She helped us decide what to order. Now the most important part: the food! I really liked the keema dosa (lamb and potato in a crepe like thing) and my friend enjoyed her tandoori chicken salad. What you really MUST order is the dal. We both ordered cups and regretted not getting bowls. IT IS SO DELICIOUS! I would come back just to order this. It's so much more flavorful than your typical lentil soup. I will mention that prices are a little high compared to other Madison restaurants.
