5	This is one of those places that is so good and satisying that it ventures into "last meal" territory.The meat.  My god, the meat!  The folks here are doing things with Kebab meat that are so insanely addictive- it will make you lose your mind, leave your husband, divorce your kids and go on a cross country crime spree.Later, when the judge lays the iron hand down on you - just tell him you had been eating at Maison De Kebab beforehand.  He'll understand and let you off.  And if he doesnt - hey, at least you know what to request for your last meal.
5	Love it. Always fresh very tasty not expensive at all for the amount of food you get. Try the special for two it's about 33$ comes with 3 kinds of delicious meats and to start make sure you try the eggplant puree it's soo yummy with the garlic yogurt drizzled on top of it. Great friendly staff.
4	Last week I went three times to this place. It is excellent.I always have their special with 3 different kinds of kebabs or the sultani that comes with two. I totally recommend the cucumber togurt
5	My friend always says, when you found the best, why try anything else! Hands down the best kebabs in the city and the second nicest thing, price is more than decent. Try their 2 persons combo, recommended for meat lovers either eat in or take it home. food is GOOOOOD. only kebab place i go to or bring home for take out. Oh yea, portions are more than most can handle.
1	My wife and I came here upon recommendation from a friend, so I didn't bother checking Yelp reviews. I should have because this is a cash only place, which I was not expecting. Ok so before I write the rest of this I will say that the food is good if you enjoy Iranian food. Also the waitress was fairly nice. That's all the good points I have in this review.The bathroom was pretty filthy and if you're of the female gender, all I can say is good luck. You might have to hold it till you get home (or back to the hotel in our case).My big beef with this place is (no pun intended) that nowhere do they display a sign (believe me, I checked) or even mention to patrons that this is a cash only place. IMHO if you're going to operate a cash only restaurant then you MUST inform people. So we ordered, and ate and got the rest of our meal packed up.Then when it came time to pay, I was told to pay up at the front so I made my way over. I asked if debit is okay and I find out they do not accept debit or credit and "cash only" is the norm. The total came to about $38 bucks.So I had $40 in my pocket which actually was Extremely lucky, with a capital E, as I am one of those people that never carries more than a few bucks cash around. I paid the manager and yes I felt bad about not leaving more than change as a tip, but honestly what am I gonna do.. Walk for God knows how long and find a bank so I can leave a tip? Some of you may argue with this but sorry I wasn't about to do that.Then I get back to my table and sit down. I take a last sip of my drink and get up to put my jacket on. I turn around and the manager is a foot away from me telling me that the "service charge" aka tip, is not included in the price (well, no kidding!). She proceeds to tell me in her most snarky voice, that she pays tax on my meal (note: I witnessed her not ring anything in the register and she gave me a verbal total), and it's customary to leave something.I was thinking "seriously lady I can't believe you just said that" but I said, in my nicest and calmest indoor voice "Honestly I always leave a tip but I was intending to pay with my card and didn't know you only accept cash. Luckily I had $40 and I would've left more of a tip but that's all I had on me."I then put on my jacket and left. One minute prior she would have got a raving review but that kind of rudeness is unacceptable. I would have come back to this place every time I came to Montreal but now I will not even recommend it as an option.Though the food is good, find another place that treats their customers with some respect.
3	Went here for lunch when I still lived in the area. It's popular, and for a good reason.The serving sizes are on the large size, and they're good value for money. I had the mixed plate, and the meat was cooked to perfection. I had plenty to take home for later.Aparently they're open late too - it would be a great late night feed!
5	I have a friend that come here all the time with her hubby and one day I happen to be with them and believe me I am glad I was. It is a little place but full of treasure. The service is great and so fast. I was skeptical to try the pita, onion piece and better that is served while you wait for your meal but once I did I was surprise how good it was.Since then I have been there so many time and the food...especially the meat is unbelievably amazing and so addictive. So please don't let the outside decor fool you because if you don't go you will miss out on the best persian food I ever had but bring cash or a credit card because they don't take debit
