5	There is nothing like a chubz chiliburger on this earth. If you have had chilli burgers then you have had nothing like this. The flavor of the buger is like none other. This is a cool buger joint that has great fast clean food that will no leave you with a gutt buster all day.There fries are excellent done fresh cut skin on with great seasoning.If you are still hungry try a tamale. Get there early cause they go fast.
3	Located off of Woodlawn, right next to the 77 exits cluster, formerly a Krispy Kreme (RIP glazed doughy goodness), is a new burger/dog joint.  And when I say burger/dog joint, that is what I mean.  That is what they have.  Burgers, dogs, fries and I think I saw some kind of chili empanada.  There is limited seating - a row of affixed stools at the "bar" on the other side of the exposed kitchen and maybe 8 tables with varying amounts of seating at each.  You would think because they only have 3 items with just different toppings, that it would be fast.  That would be wrong.  The two gentlemen (owners from what I saw on the website) looked like it was their first day ever doing this, but since they have only been open for about a month (I think), hopefully they will get in the groove.  We weren't in a hurry, but if we were this would have caused some angst rather than giggles.You order at the counter and wait for your number to be called.  My order of fries (to split with my dining buddy), chili cheeseburger (there was no chili, but after waiting for 25 minutes, I was going to eat what they gave me), chili cheese dog and drink came to around $10. The food:Chili cheeseburger - I had no chili on mine (dammit!), but the bun was toastedish and the burger was tasty, though a bit small (like Wendy's Jr. size).  If you are a hungry adult, you'll need to order a double/triple/multiple.Chili cheese dog (pictured) - Friggin mess.  It looked like they threw the dog/bun in the basket and just coated it with cheese and chili.  That being said, I used a spork to try to clean it up some so I could pick it up and eat it.  Fairly good snap to the skin, but it tasted like it was boiled.  It was fine, but I have rarely met a hot dog that I refused to eat and my stomach was eating through to my spine from waiting.  Cheese was good, chili was good.Fries - Reminded me of 5 Guys - fresh cut and skins on.  I ate a few and passed the rest onto my friend.Fountain drinks are a buck and self serve, along with sweet/unsweet tea.If you have a craving for a greasy joint kind of lunch, this is the place for you.  I would eat there again if in the mood, and it's a nice addition to the lunch choices on this side of town, but I won't be rushing back.
5	Yes! Finally a place that does it right!If you are in the mood for a burger oozing with chili and cheese that will run down your hands and make you use up a lot of towels then this place is for you!The chili is home made, the fries are hot , well seasoned and plentiful.The menu prices are very reasonable.I are their last night and got the double chili cheese combo. It came with two fistfuls of fries. This place reminds me of the "Chili Bowl" in DC.I can't wait to go back.ddc
5	OMG!! Haven't had a burger like this in a while. LOVE IT!!! And the Fries are fresh cut too!!
5	I have been back three times since my first visit to chubz famous chili burgers. The food is great. I have tried their chili burger chili dog with cheese and slaw and tamale with chili. Fast service and good hot food at a fair price. They even have a drive-up window for pick up. You can either rollup or call ahead. They are added a couple menu items since I was last there. Asked for their homemade catchup it's awesome.
5	WOW I travel all over North America for work and have found many great places to eat. This is a must go in Charlotte! I had the chili tamale and the #1 chili cheeseburger combo. The chili was just like the Tommy's I grew up with back in Los Angeles Thick and full of flavor. Fries are fresh cut and made right in front of you.  The tamale was great and hand made has a little sweetness in it to ofF set the chili just right. It is well worth every bite!
5	Summary. Unique joint with a tasty and varied menu.Fun and conversational staff. Clean facility with televisions and a small beer selection. Perfect for some food fast especially if you're staying at the hotel nearby. Now for the real story. Never have I ever written a review of any kind before, but the food/service/atmosphere as a whole was too perfect to not reward Chubz with a raving review.I came over from the Clarion nearby with my empty stomach in need of some serious eats. Walk in with no clue what to get so i let them choose for me. I got my #1 combo, a double chili burger and fries with the fixings. I downed the burger before he could take the next order. Fresh cut, crispy, seasoned fries with homemade ketchup to go with it. Killer.I had nowhere to go, seeing I was stranded after a canceled flight and trees was playoff football to watch. They had the games on and I just sat and talked for over two hours. And let me tell you, these guys know their food. They must've felt bad for me cause they let me taste test a waffleesque pastry ChubCake which would go nice with coffee (if I coffee.) These guys are personable and generous and just fun to talk to. And damn can Chubz cook. After I ordered some hot wings to take back to my room as they were closing up they let me try the homemade BBQ sauce. I couldn't stop trying it! Smokier and sweeter every time I swear I could drink it. But anyway the wings were just what I needed to lounge and watch the rest of the game in the hotel.If you're staying at the Clarion or the Ramada please don't go to the restaurant in the Ramada, it's not even complimentary. Go to Chubz. You'll thank me.After a terrible day of air travel and being stuck in Charlotte, Chubz turned my day around with some welcoming conversation and a happy little food baby. (Pretty sure they were twins.)
2	Every once in a while a girl needs a chili dog and some fries. So after running a few errands during my lunch break; I decided to treat myself to Chubz...well more I was lured in with their huge sign boasting "FAT chili dogs and FRESH cut french fries"!!!Who wouldn't have turned in?Since Chubz is the new kid on the block so I was excited to see what they had to offer. I was prepared to wait but when I got there a little after 12:30pm the place wasn't very busy and I was able to walk right in and order. I guess they are still building up their clientele...and that's just fine with me. I liked that the menu board was clearly labeled with all of the menu items and their daily specials (and for anyone that interested that have fried fish on Fridays!). The nice man that took my order ended up being one of the owners. He was very pleasant and made it a point to thank me for coming in and giving them a try. I like to see that, especially for a new business! However, I was just not a fan of the food. And here's why:I ordered Combo #2 which comes with a Chili Cheese dog, Fries and a Drink. Chili Cheese Dog: I just found it to be average. The size of the hotdog was great! Thick and juicy like I like 'em!  But I found the most important part--the chili-- to be just "meh". In my opinion, it needed a few extra spices to kick it up a notch. My other issue is exactly what Amy C mentioned...when I opened up my box (I got my order to-go) it was a hot mess. The chili, cheese and onions were spread all over the paper and that made one side of my hotdog bun wet.  And if you've read any of my previous reviews you know how I feel about wet...soggy... bread. Ugh.Fries: Not for me. They were fresh cut which was a plus but they tasted sweet and not at all like what I was expecting. Perhaps it was the Cajun seasoning that they used but I hoped it would have been more spicy than sweet. I had a few, but tossed the rest. Grrr! I hate throwing away my $$$. Let's hope the onion rings are better! Honestly, I'm kinda angry I wasted so many calories on this! But I'm going to let them work out some more of the kinks (especially kicking up that chili recipe). And maybe...just maybe give them another shot.
4	Ok, Best burger I have had in Charlotte.  And I have some good burgers.  Prices were reasonable and the fries were delicious.  Just pure greasy goodness.
4	I've been here twice now.  Reasonable bang for your buck and the food was good.  What prompted me to review the place wasn't the food so much as the service.  I arrived around noon and the place was pretty busy.  I ordered a double chili cheese burger and waited.  When the two order numbers after my number were called, I asked about my order (which they had given to the guy behind me by mistake) and they had to cook another burger.  The guy calling the shots on the line (black guy with a little bit of a beard) instructed the grill guy to put on another burger for me and said to make my double a triple.  I always appreciate it when a business offers me more than a "sorry" to make things right, even though I'd have been just as satisfied getting just what I ordered to begin with.  We all make mistakes; we're all only human.  It is how mistakes are handled that make all the difference.  Thanks guys, you rock and I will be back!
5	Amazing burger and the fries were great too.....  And great prices...  This place is a win all the way around...
4	Great burgers and the people who work there are nice. Owners real nice and friendly as well. :^)
1	I work at a bank and 5 of my employees and I wanted to try them for the first time.  What a disaster!  They have no fax machine and in order to take pick up orders over the phone, they want your credit cards read to them on the phone. We simply went there and placed the individual orders and waited.They were incredibly disorganized and seemed thrown by the fact that there were multiple orders.  They apparently do not care to customize anything as they messed up every single "special" order we placed.  We ordered a hot dog with mayo and cole slaw ONLY - we received a hot dog with chili, cheese, and tons of onions.  We ordered a double cheeseburger with mustard and cole slaw ONLY - we received a cheeseburger with chili, cheese and tons of onions. The CHEESE fries we ordered came swimming in chili as well.  Everything is covered and oozing with grease.  Even the drink was nasty.I woulldn't be surprised if they don't stay in business much longer.  Definitely not any place we will be going back to.
1	DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU HAVE YOUNG KIDS.  I tried to go to Chubz today with my family for lunch. I have 2 children, ages 10 months and 6 years. Prior to ordering, we asked if they had any high chairs for my 10 month old son. One of the owners very curtly told us that they had no high chairs. He acted as if we were offending him by asking for such a thing as a high chair at a burger and hot dog place. I have no desire to step foot in this place again if they are going to treat my family like this and act as if us having children requiring a high chair is something distasteful. It truly is a shame that their attitude toward children is so poor, as I did enjoy the food when I went there previously with just my husband
2	Slow service. Dirty Tables. You clean them yourselves or they don't get cleaned. Greasy soggy fries, even greasier onion rings. Tomato was like eating a brick it was so unripe. Burger patties overcooked and greasy. Not sure what it was they called Chili, but chili it was not. Even the self serve soda tasted soapy. Was so hoping this would be the great burger and dog place that they advertise but two trips in one on this visit. The first and the last. Maybe someday they will figure out how to complete one order before completing the next. Four numbers called before our order that ordered after us and since they sat at dirty tables near us we could see they ordered the same things we did. No rhyme or reason as to how they fill the orders. A must to avoid.
3	ok, I've had a few chili cheese burgers, and do like em every once in a while, so after seeing decent reviews of Chubz, a friend and I ventured over to see if it was the real deal or not.I entered during a lunch hour, was fairly busy! I can tell people do like this place,  its a "place your order and pick up your order"kinda joint. Greeted by friendly staff, not bad! They have outdoor seating and even a drive thru. #1 combo , double chili cheese burger and fries, fries are fresh cut. Fries are fresh so is the meat in the burger however,  my fries were a little over done and too greasy. The chili cheeseburger was a disappointment.  I was imagining some good chili, but it tastes like its from a can. Carried that "chili seasoning" flavor if you can catch my drift.(Chili i know of never calls for chili seasoning) I barely recall seeing any meat in the chili at all.... im thinking it's canned. After all the hype of local grass fed beef, I was excited!! Chili isnt homemade (what i was expecting) ruins the burger...chili cheeseburger didnt live up to all the hype at chubz, I wont be traveling back..
5	This place does burgers and dogs right. Quality food and price, check it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Went there last night, service was awesome.  Very friendly and personable. Food was excellent at a very reasonable price. I would choose them over a fast food place any day of the week. My order was done in 5-10 minutes.
5	All I can say is awesome!!!!!!!If you are looking for that local greasy spoon, CHUBZ is it!!!!  The hamburgers are to die for and the onion rings just blew me away.  The onion rings are almost the size of coasters and are coated just right.  The fries are fresh and abundant.  I thought the staff was friendly and felt attended to..Chubz more than exceeded my expectations and I am a loyal follower!!!! Cheers to Chubz!
5	It is delicious and yes a bit sloppy but what do you expect it's a chili cheese burger.  :)The fries are interesting.  It almost seems like a combination of sweet and salty seasoning on them. My husband loves them. I prefer my fries more on the plain side.Customer service is wonderful. I can't wait to go back.
4	I've been to Chubz twice. There have been some hiccups I'll discuss but first the good:Imagine, if you will, a 5 guys. Now add decent onion rings, chili, and cut the price by $2-$3. That's Chubz. I've gotten a couple different items: Fries, Onion rings, Burger w' "special sauce" and the triple chili cheese. The onion rings were a little airy for my taste, but were still pretty good and fresh. Fries are usually above average - there's some malt vinegar which is great. They aren't fried in peanut oil like 5 guys but they're probably around 90% of the taste. I'd urge the owners and cooks of chubz to be very careful to fry in small batches for customers, as one person getting cold fries probably won't come back.I thought the burgers were delicious. both times my girlfriend and I have received them hot off of the grill, with clear juices still running from them and well presented in a paper wrap. There was a slice of american cheese on each patty which was fantastic. Vegetables were pretty darn fresh and crisp on each meal item. Buns were also well toasted and not stale.A lot of people complain about the chili which is bizzare. This is no bourgeoisie chipotle three bean bacon chili or whatever - it's chili DESIGNED FOR HOT DOGS, BURGERS AND FRIES! I don't know if it came out of a can or not and I couldn't care less. It was salty, greasy, and delicious. If you want gourmet chili I don't understand why you'd expect it at a greasy spoon like chubs (?!?). The good news is the meals come with drinks so if you get thirsty boom you're there.And for real, get your food and eat it at the place. Chubz' location isn't the greatest (it's next to a gentlemans club haha) but please people: if you get a chili burger or dog and expect it to magically stay upright or intact without paper touching the top you're going to have *a bad time*. This is pretty basic. If you want it to go don't get chili. There's a limit to what people can do with paper and plastic. My times eating in, the presentation has been on par with the pictures I've seen for groupon which is impressive IMO.One final nit pick: our second trip we were greeted with some "out of order" signs on the fountain. Inventory  management is HUGE especially when your entire menu is meal deals. Make sure that you have the soda people want at all times, chubz, and if you're a customer check before you order. I found something I liked thankfully, but I would feel pretty ticked if I was a diet coke fan and there wasn't any after I'd paid for my meal.Expect to spend $8 or so on the best meals. I'm a big eater and it was enough for me.
5	Great chili burger and fries! Don't know where some of these people come up with the low star reviews but I eat out an awful lot and this place has few peers in the burger and fry department. Definitely give it a shot.
4	Leave the wrapper on the burger or your hands will be a mess. This is a good place to get a burger and fries - both with chili and cheese. The service is quick and the staff is extra friendly.
4	Hello friends,I stopped by this place yesterday. After reading and lmao at Jeff's review i wanted to see who/What took over the BC old spot. Well i had the number 4 (hot dog,burger,fries & drink) 7.50. Online i believe the prices are different. They have maybe 10 different combos ranging from burgers, prime rib sandwich, hot dogs & some sort of Tamales.  (Which i find a bit out of place as far as everything else on the menu, like why this at a burger joint????)I'm a fry guy and this place rocks. The fries are damn good. The hot dog was good. The burger was good as well. The bread was soft and yummy. Knowing me i will be back in a day or so to try something else. I like this spot. The owner & cook were pretty cool too. Stopping to ask if everything was good and shooting the breeze as i ate. Go enjoy
4	We were looking for something quick to eat and decided to try this place based on the good reviews.  Glad we tried it!  YUM!  We ordered the #1 Combo;  Famous Double Chili Cheeseburger,  fries and a small drink for $8The atmosphere is casual and comfortable..nothing too fancy but not disgusting either.  We chose to eat in due to the place being clean and my hubby wanted to watch the NBA Summer League game. The staff were very friendly and appeared happy to be working there. .  Our food was ready less than 10 minutes. Im beyond happy about the fresh HOT FRIES!..I'm really not a fries person but when I do eat them I want them hot!..These were fresh out the grease and not re- cooked or over salted. They have season salt for you to add for taste. Leave the wrapper on the Burger!  Two Hot juicy patties, fresh tomatoes,  cheese, diced onions, mustard and yummy chili. The chili isnt award winning but it has flavor. There's just the right amount of chili for it not to make the bun soggy. The meal was good and I was full.  My hubby also gave his approval.  He usually don't get full from fast food so he was pleasantly surprised. The price is right for a Combo meal but $6.50 would've given it a 5 star rating. The meals range from $7 to $9.50 ...I'll be back to try something else on the menu like the Deluxe Double Cheeseburger AND Jumbo Hot Dog, fries and small drink for $9.50..now that sounds like a deal! ...don't forget to buy a Groupon for $16. You get TWO Groupon vouchers both worth $16 each..only one Groupon per visit, per person, per table.  So basically the hubby and I get our next meal for free! #ChaChing
4	Visited for the first time early evening on a Saturday. It was about half full with customers. I ordered the combo that included a double chilicheese burger, fries and drink. Burgers are cooked to order and the food was delivered to my table in a reasonable time. My impressions:- Burger was very good but somewhat sloppy, as expected. Chili was good but not exceptional. Homemade cole slaw is available if you want a Carolina-style chiliburger- Fries were excellent, just as good as Five Guys and almost as many on the plate- Decent selection of soft drinks and fresh brewed iced tea- The table next to me had ordered the onion rings and they commented that they were the best they had ever had.Suggestions:- Don't place trash cans next to dining tables- A roll of rough paper towels on each table is not an improvement over decent napkinsConclusion: Yes, I would definitely eat here again and also try the onion rings.
5	Decided to stop in and what a awesome dive !! Super chili burger ...onion rings are the best I've had in years and to top it all off the staff was friendly and you can tell they care about the product they serve ... What a throw back to the old fashion type of burger joint seriously worth it ....
4	If you are looking for health food, keep driving. If you are looking for a great burger and fries. This is your spot. Burgers are awesomeOnion Rings rock. Fries are handcut and fresh. Good times
5	Check this joint out for good old fashioned burgers and tasty fries.We went there today. I had the number one combo which is a chili burger with the works. Great burger. The owners are from California and have tried to hitchhike on two SoCal favorites. Tommy's and In and Out. So far so good. The burger was prepared perfectly and very tasty. The Mrs. had the special which was a BBQ sandwich and thought it was great. Don't miss the fries. They are well seasoned and served hot and tasty. We will be  going back!
2	For a place that has the word "chili" plastered across half their building and their products, I was stunned to see they use chili out of a can. And not a very good quality canned chili at that.  My god, if you're going to run a place like this, at least have one component where you're doing something special. And if you're going to have seven staffers in the building, how about having one of them sweep the floor periodically. This establishment felt like a lot of good people unfortunately giving only half their effort. The end result is a generic slice of Americana, but nothing special.The dogs were the best part. Would have been fantastic if there'd been chili.
2	Although the food was good my experience going there was not good. When we were greeted at the window my bf asked what was on their hamburger and was told to read the menu to find out, then when our food was ready and being given told us we were rudely told to be careful cause if we drop the food its on us. I was really looking fwd to trying this place out. The food was good but not good enough to be treated like that. We wont be coming back due to the poor customer service by the older man that waited on us.
3	i would say this place is pretty cool. the burger was just ok the chili was very messy and salty the burger patty didn't really have a taste to it. the fries seemed as if they were cooked in old grease. the service was great though. you would think a new burger spot would be crowded but not this afternoon. I would come back when I have another groupon.
5	Great burger place! Everurjing made fresh and the loaded burrito will test your manhood. Would recommend to anyone and plan on going back very soon
5	There is a lot to be said for a place that gives you awesome comfort food and a relaxing, casual ambience. The food here is an absolute winner and so is the staff. If you have never had the pleasure then WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR????
5	Searched out this place for some comfort food.Love hotdogs so I went for the 2 chili cheese dogs and fries comboThe hotdogs were great and the chili perfect.To top it off the fries were fresh cut and cooked to perfection.Makes my list of must go to when I am in the area again.Only regret is not trying their ice cream
5	If you're looking for diet food this isn't the place. If you are looking for TASTY, AWESOME, COMFORT FOOD! then this is definitely the place to be. Great food, great people and NOW... a great customer rewards program called BELLY !!! Don't miss the food and don't miss the BELLY!!!
5	Best burger ever! Polite and enthusiastic wait staff. And a clean joint too!. Best prices I've ever seen. Wish I lived closer so I could make this a regular check in!
5	Great!!! I'm from Los Angeles California and was craving Tommy's burgers & In-N-Out...I yelped 'chili burgers' here and embarked on a 42min drive from Mooresville to come here. I'll tell you this....we were not disappointed!! And we will be back again. We absolutely loved it. Their variety is huge and our bill was under $40 for 5 meals. :)
4	Charlotte needs more places like this. Tried it first because of a GroupOn deal, but now I'm a regular customer. Very friendly staff, good service, and consistency.I have only had the hamburgers, so I cannot give a review of the hotdogs or other food. I always try to tell myself I'm gonna get something different next time, but just can't help going with the Chubz Double deluxe.
5	Absolutely one of the best (what I refer to as) 'dive class' burgers in town! It's on my rotation of things I must have once or twice a month. The fries are amazing and put 5 Guys to shame. With a place like this nearby there is no reason to even think about going to a corporate fast food chain. The foods top notch and very affordable! Great staff and always accommodating.
5	Just finished a fantastic meal. #1 Chiliburger all the way with fries and onion rings. Great atmosphere and staff. Just a Fun place. Great meal. Will be back again soon.
4	Chub is a great place to get made to order burgers fries  and hot dogs. Food is hot and fresh. The crew is great.
