4	I would give them a 5 star except the buyers dress style just clearly didn't match mine so I unfortunately wasn't able to find my dress there but I must say the consultant that help me on my visit was AMAZING! She was so knowledgeable and helpful, I mentioned a dress I had previously fallen in love with by a designer they carry and she offered to have it brought in for me and everything. I loved the variety of designers they carried, it was all my favourites; Paloma, Mikaella, Allure, they were all there. The store has a beautiful layout, private change rooms with a mirror inside (which was crucial for me) and an amazing set up to come out and show everyone your gown. Prior to visiting this location I had a really bad experience at another bridal store and was actually quite dreading doing it all over again but I wound up having a great time. I just really wish I was able to purchase my gown here because I would have loved to work with them.
1	Valentina Review:Ok let me preface this by saying I have experienced bad customer service many times but I'm passive and always let it go, also never before written a bad review before. This review isn't meant to bash their shop but I'm honestly worried that what happened to me will happen to future brides (if not worse) because of the Valentina's lack of professionalism and untrustworthiness.  For those who don't feel like reading this entire review, let me sum it up with this: I purchased a dress at the end of 2011, was lied constantly to by the store about when and if I would ever see this dress, my wedding was August 2013 and the dress never came, last minute I had to purchase their used sample dress instead.My dress experience with Valentina Bridal was horrendous, I got engaged in Oct 2011, set my wedding date for Sept 2012 and found a dress I loved at Valentina and paid for it in full in Dec 2011. I was told that it would arrive by July 2012. I contacted them in July to see if the dress had arrived. They told me that the dress would arrive in August. They also asked me if my wedding date was still Sept 2nd but I had moved the date to August of 2013 instead so I told her the new date. They said "that's fine, it will still arrive next month". I called in August and they said "Your dress is complete but because you moved your wedding date, we told the manufacturers of the dress not to ship it yet because we didn't want it sitting in the store" They say they'll get it shipped right away and would update me. I call back 3 weeks later and they tell me the dress is in mid production. At this point it's passed Sept 2 (my original wedding date) and they still can't give me a deadline.October came and they wouldn't pick up any of my calls. Finally got ahold of the boutique owner, I asked her for refund to which I was denied. Finally in the end of Oct, I was told the dress was being shipped and would arrive in 2 weeks. I called back in 2 weeks and still no dress, said it had landed in the US and would be in Waterloo soon. Two weeks and still no dress, apparently it was stuck at the border. December now and still no dress, excuse was Customs Canada had the dress and would release it soon. Mid January 2013, (7 months till my wedding) owner tells me I can pick another dress to order a backup dress but I shouldn't worry cause my dress will 100% for sure arrive. (She swore on her son's life, who does that?!) At that point I knew my dress was never going to arrive, so I ended up buying the sample dress in the store for $500 (she refunded me the rest). She said she didn't know why Customs was holding it, she said she went there to argue with them etc, couldn't provide a tracking number to me. I called Canada Customs and they said they would never hold any items for longer than 2 weeks and that the owner is being untruthful to me. My husband said he would go talk to the Customs office and asked Valentina's  which customs office it was at, there is only 2, either the airport or just their office. She said she couldn't remember the location. I contacted the company maker of the dress to complain about the boutique and they told me they knew about my situation and that the boutique owner was lying about the Customs Canada having the dress and that they had possession of my dress I ordered and would sell it to me but I had already purchased the used dress from Valetina's. The boutique tried to make things better with free alterations and dry cleaning etc but nothing could rectify 1.5 years worth of stress.
3	The associate was very nice and helped me pull ~10 dresses to try on. The dresses were not in the best condition, however I've seen worse. There was a wide selection of dresses, with a lot of beautiful ball gowns displayed. Apart from the blingy ball gowns, most of the dresses were very plain and simple while I was looking for crystals and sparkle.Fitting room was very large but there are were not enough hooks to hang all the dresses on. I did not find my dress here and the experience was okay.
