3	Brand new to this area. Alfonzo's has a place up in Prescott and decided to bring it to Phoenix. The place has been cleaned (which is a good thing) all fresh paint, tile, counters. No more picnic tables... real tables to sit at now. They are still working on some decor but it looks good. The food, standard Mexican style foods. I did not see anything out of the ordinary or anything that jumped out at me as a must get. I had a beef taco, cheese enchilada and rice and beans. The taco was cooked perfect not burn like Filibertos. The enchilada was under cooked (not melted inside) but the red sauce was good. The rice was dry but had potential and the beans were lumpy but fantastic flavor. All in all so far a 3/5 but I think they will get better.
4	I had the nachos with carne asada awesome.Bean and cheese burritos were good.Beef taco was a tad greasy but good flavor.
5	There tacos taste Soo good make you wanna slap your Momma                                                                            ......
5	Tried this place for the first time last night for our Friday night Mexican food fix.I had the vegetarian burrito. It. Was. Bomb.Hubby had the carne asada burrito & loved it as well.We will be back!!!
5	We got the  Alfanso's burrito. We tried the location in Payson and loved it.  It's  1.00 more in  Phoenix but the  burrito is Def bigger. Has any one person finished one of these? The hubby and I can barely finish half.
3	I consider myself truly lucky to live in Arizona, where good Mexican food is very easy to find. Their are a plethora of Mexican fast food places everywhere you look in the Valley, and most of them are miles ahead of any "Mexican" fare you could find in other parts of the country. Alfonso's is a solid choice.Ok, you will not be wowed by the decor or the ambiance. But you will be satisfied with the food. On this visit, I went with the California burrito and was feeling particularly gluttonous so I added three rolled tacos with guacamole.The California Burritto was spot on - a FRESH flour tortilla, succulent cuts of carne adasa, veggies, sour cream, and of course - french fries. As someone who grew up in Southern California, I can say that these are up to par with the California burritos I enjoyed in my youth. The rolled tacos were also very good, with a heaping serving of guacamole and cheese.If I had any complaints, they would be:1. They are a touch higher than average when it comes to price. ($3.95 for 3 rolled tacos?) With ice tea, lunch was $13. Not crazy expensive, but a bit more that what I'm used to paying for comparable fare.2. They don't have a salsa bar. They have two varieties - green and red - which they will give you at the counter, but I like trying the different flavors and taking advantage of the jalapenos and spicy carrots that other places offer.Not huge complaints. Service is friendly and efficient. Free iced tea refills. The food here is solid and I will probably be back.Enjoy!!
2	I really want to like this place because it's the closest Mexican food place to my house. First what I like about it; certainly the location. The interior has also been updated nicely too. The owners of this place are completely new; this location had previously been 2 other Mexican places before; one was good, one not so good. The women working the counter were very friendly and the menu is clear.Where it needs improvement; the layout inside is sparse, they can not accomodate a family eating a meal here. A few small tables is all they currently have. I'd like to see a chips and salsa station; waiting for your food isn't as bad when you have a snack.I've ordered breakfast burrito's here twice; the first time I ordered an egg & cheese. I got egg, cheese and potato (I'm not a potato fan). The menu does list potatoes in all the burrito's and I didn't specify "no potato" so I really won't ding them for that. So I decided to give it another try and this time I did specify "no potato" and I did get what I ordered, however, my tortilla is overcooked with several burnt spots (meh, I don't like a burnt taste to my tortilla). I do like the green and red salsa they serve (I mix them together). A good kick but not over the top.They are open M-Sat, closed on Sunday. So overall, currently they have a "meh" 2.5 rating from me, however, I will give them another try and will update my review accordingly. I have to try some of the other foods as well. I think this place has potential to be a good one so give it a try; they are new and perhaps they will use the feedback they are getting from customers to make improvements.
