4	Small restaurant tucked in a strip mall. Very clean and cherelrful lady who is server. Cook. And dishwasher. I ventured for the jerk chickken and it was great. The chicken had marinated in a fantastic jerk sauce and cooked to moist perfection. It was served over fluffy rice with red beans, some grilled peppers, onions and cabbage. The fried plantains were the perfect compliment to this home cooled meal. I highly recommend you try this place. I will be back soon.
5	AZ is lacking true home cooked flavorful foods.  This place is clean, small, & new.  Owner& cook& server all in one is friendly, smiling, & warm each time I've gone now.  Food is authentic Trinidadian, great spice, freshness too.  I don't know how she can maintain this combination.  Not pretentious like some Jamaican joints in town.  Great place to try ox tail, goat, & bus up shot roti.
5	Have to give it a 5!! Had the jerk chicken......Excellent!! The woman who served me even came out with a little ox tail for me to try....she got me hooked!! Definitely coming back for the whole meal.
3	Had a craving for jerk chicken and decided to give this place a try based on Yelp reviews. I got there and couldn't decide b/t the ox tails and the jerk chicken so I ordered both..at worse I'd have leftovers for tomorrow.The atmosphere was friendly everyone greeted me upon entering and I would consider the place a great little hole in the wall to grab a bite on a hot day and relax.My oxtails were just OK, I feel like they could have been better, not as flavorful as I was expecting but they were tender. I ordered JERK chicken because that is what I had an initial taste for, imagine my disappointment when I got home and realized they gave me CURRY chicken instead. I knew I wasn't going to leave back out to head back over that way to get my order corrected so I simply settled for that. The chicken was moist and very tender it just wasn't what I ordered. The rice and peas were as expected.Make sure you double check your food before leaving to avoid my dilemma. Not the worst place, but I wouldn't be in a rush to go back either. Most of the meal items are $9.95 and the side items range from $2.00/$2.95.
5	My boyfriend and have been looking for Caribbean cuisine for sometime and came across this place on Yelp. After reading some of the reviews and looking at the pictures of the food we had to go! The food was absolutely amazing and the staff was so nice!!!! The portions are out of this world. We had to take a lot of it to go. We had the Curry Goat and Ox Tails. All we could do was look at each other as we dug in. It was so good, all we wanted to do is go to sleep after wards. If that's not good I don't know what is! We will be back very soon!!! If you love Caribbean cuisine please try this place!!!!!
5	Absolutely loves it every single time that I have been here.  I don't live by but it's definitely worth the drive
5	Jerk Chicken! Not for the faint-hearted. I ordered over the phone after reading some of the good reviews on different sites. Jerk Chicken plate for myself and Oxtail plate for my hubs. We also got sides of Aloo pies, plantains, doubles and Pholorie. Had to get the Solo sodas! We missed trini food from when we used to live in Queens New York, this def made up for it! The lady was so nice she threw in a double with pepper on the house for us to try! Everything was delish, we even had left overs for the next day. My 1 year old went to town on aloo pie. The fam loved it! Definitely coming back to this place again. This may be a small hole in the wall place, but the food is #amaze!
4	This is a very small and NOT FANCY but clean Caribbean Bistro with only Five Tables. You order at the counter and seat yourself and YOU WAIT a half hour or more for your food. I have to say the food was worth the wait.I had the Red Snapper Whole Fish Stew. It was delicious anybody would enjoy it. The fish was fresh and prepared perfect in a tasty tomato broth loaded with lots of fresh crunchy vegetables. The dish came with tasty plantains, a salad garnish and enough rice studded with just cooked beans to feed a family.My husband had the Jerk Chicken. It was powerful with spice and heat and isn't a dish for the timid. The chicken in it was very fresh tasting and very tender and the plate had a similar set up to mine.The people working there seemed very friendly and asked us often how everything was.I do need to note I'm not certain if they have a public restroom. I only saw one door in the dining room that led to the kitchen with a sign that reads Do Not Enter. I did notice a hand sanitizing station by where you leave your used plates.The place is clean, I noticed a Grade "A" Maricopa Health Inspection.The Prices are very low.This is a place that's worth checking out!
4	The place is very authentic.  We tried their oxtail with red beans and rice j with a cabbage salad. The oxtail had a lot of flavor  , it goes well with the rice . We also had their  curry goat and potatoes. This had a rich  and thick  curry sauce that goes  well with the roti
5	First timer from Michigan and man it was awesome! Looking forward to trying everything on the menu! Thanks!
5	Went there last night and loved it! I had the goat curry with the beans and rice, it had a very nice flavor. I can't wait to go there on Saturday to try their jerk chicken.
4	Tried a new dish their salt fish and vegetables.  A little on the salty side but it is salt fish . I would have liked it better if it was shredded in to smaller pieces with a little more oil and onions but that is how I remembered the dish from my childhood days.  The owners are friendly . We tried their sorrel. Which is a fruit drink . We did like  it always love their roti and curry chicken
5	My boyfriend and I came here a few months ago and had a great time. He used to live in Trinidad and he loved taking to the owners about the address and trying some authentic food from Trinidad.
5	Best island food here in the west valley! Glad I found this hidden jewel... The curry goat and ox tails are soooooo good! Will be back!
5	great place with excellent food and even better people!!  Feels like eating at a family member's house. Food is incredible as well. Prices are Very good. I'm making it a weekly spot to go eat. Good to find a place with authentic Caribbean food made by great people. Music took me back home!!
5	Best Caribbean food hands down! Tucked away in a small shopping center this place is definitely a hidden gem! The decor reminds me of the small shops located in Trinidad! It's always clean and I love how they represent my country on the wall! The owner is very nice and she always recommended Good dishes! Today I had the jerk chicken plate with a beef pattie!  The chicken was well seasoned and through jerk sauce has a kick! The peas and rice was excellent as well! Definitely will be coming back to try the salt fish next!
5	I am a teacher in the Glendale area and I usually pack my lunch for reasons of time saving and saving money. Who can afford to eat out every day, right? Well...I am so thankful I forgot to pack my lunch today. Very happy!!This little place is just north of the corner of 67th and Bethany Home in a non-descript little shopping mall. Once inside I was greeted by a friendly young woman and I noticed that the inside was clean and decorated with the many flags of the Caribbean.   I had learned about this place after being on my Yelp app a few weeks ago. I am also happy I remembered where the restaurant was. I am a 100% vegetarian and I am always looking tasty and unique ways to eat my veggies! I ordered the chana and potatoes which is a a stew of curried chick peas and potatoes. I had the rice and beans on the side along with sauteed cabbage and plantains. i took it to go and went back to my classroom to eat my lunch. I have to say that I am a lover of caribbean food as well as a lover of Indian food as well. Number one, the portion of food she gave me was HUGE!! Number two, the food was FANTASTIC!! The chick peas and potatoes were tender and mildly spiced.  The sauteed cabbage was fantastic, a little salty and very tender. The plantains were tender and cooked perfectly. The portion of rice and beans was huge and they tasted very good. The rice was tender and not over cooked and the beans were just done enough. I have to admit I finished 95% of it because it was so good and I did not want to stop eating it. If you want great caribbean food in a clean and not fancy atmosphere, this is the place to try! I know that I will be back and I would love to take my wife there for dinner some time. It honestly was really good! Check out this hidden jewel and you will not be disappointed.
3	We had the oxtail stew and jerk chicken to go. OTS was good but not as flavorful as I wanted. JC was very good and tender with plenty of sauce. The best I've had in AZ. Cabbage taste better than expected. The staff was friendly, place was clean, but food took about 20 min to come which is average for small businesses like this.
