4	4.5 STARSThis is one of my favorite lunch places.  I have never seen the Arrowhead Paradise Bakery when it's NOT a complete madhouse.  Perhaps it's because there really aren't that many good places to get a sandwich in this neck of the woods.  Who knows.  The service line for this counter-style joint went out the door last week when I was there - but it's still worth the wait, I think.  And somehow, the staff does their job well, and keep churning out happy customers.I'm not a fan of soup, at all.  It's just not my thang.  BUT, their legendary Fire Roasted Tomato soup does weird things to me.  It is heavenly.  I crave it!  I look forward to it the day before, get cranky if they don't have it for whatever reason, etc, etc.  I usually order it with the turkey chipotle wrap - with it's chipotle raspberry cheese smear - is a tangy mix of spicy and sweet.  And the cookies, while they seem like an afterthought of the tasty lunch, are just as good as you would think. This is one of the few locations that is free-standing and NOT in a mall, so expect more room, nicer furniture, chairs, tables.  Expect an uppity Arrowhead soccer mom / business casual crowd, and expect to wait  15 minutes to order.
4	Well as of tonight , Paradise Bakery will be my go to place to meet friends for a quick sandwich or coffee. We had terrific service, great food , yummy cookies which are currently two for one on price.   While many of the items aren't the most unusual or original , they do a good job with great sandwiches and soups.  I had a chicken, artichoke cheese panini , my daughter had a blueberry muffin, friends  with me ate meatball paninis  and a chicken wrap which they loved.   And of course we all ate cookies.  Everyone I came with tonight walked away happy and with a smile. I was also impressed with the manager. He saw that a line was building up in the line and promptly opened a second register which he ran himself. When things calmed down he walked around the store and asked people if they needed anything . Great service. That's the kind of attitude that will cause me to want to come back sooner.
2	Incompetent service, insufficient seating for the volume of customers, and none of their soups are vegetarian.  They've even found a way to make tomato soup with chicken inside.  This place is several notches down from the quality and menu at Wildflower Bread Co.Ordered a birthday cookie and they misspelled the words 'birthday' and '60th'.  Unbelievable!
1	The mispelled two words on my birthday cookie:  the word '60th' and the word 'birthday'.  How do you accidentally write '60ht' and 'birtday'??They manage to cram chicken stock or other chicken parts into every single soup, including a basic tomato soup.  And don't bother asking if the "vegetable soup" is vegetarian either, because they pretty much all have chicken parts in them.  What's most frustrating is that they give you attitude if you politely ask, because they're probably sick of hearing the same question over and over.  Why not fix the soups like your competition did, and this will be a non-issue.  This place is 180 degrees from Wildflower Bread company a few miles away that offers far better and healthier soups, sandwiches, and salads.
3	Sandwiches are consistently good, ditto salads and soup.  Cookies are sinfully good. Service is usually lacking managerial quality supervision which results in inconsistency more here than other locations. Wi-Fi is a big plus.
2	I study a lot.  Finding places to study in Glendale isn't easy.  Paradise is the best of the "easy" options I've found around school.  They have plenty of plugs, halfway reliable wifi, and pretty good (unlimited) coffee.  Oh, and the free samples of cookies and bread are also nice when you're in the realm of $250,000 in debt.That being said, nothing here is particularly worth it's cost.  The coffee is "generic dark" or "flavored".  I take my coffee pretty seriously, so this was the first major sin they committed upon my person.  The food is also WAY overpriced for the quality.  This place is supposed to be a bakery.  Why is the bread so dull tasting?  Why do the cookies taste like nothing more than preservative and artificial dyes?Yeah, I'll keep going here for the coffee and a change of pace, but I'm not going to recommend it for anything beyond that.
2	After hearing so much hype about this Phoenix "staple", decided to give it a try on a Saturday lunch. Came late, so fairly empty with workers wrapping up the lunch rush. A ton of samples, more than enough to fill your appetite. Let's break it down:Sandwiches: Dunno why they were in such a rush, there was no one around. Was not asked if my sandwich was here/to-go, so they sloppily threw together my veggie sandwich together and wrapped it. By the time I opened it (uhh...3 minutes later), my bread had already been nasty SOAKED by the overly soggy roasted red peppers. Gross.Salad: If you call dumping a bunch of unappetizing bland lettuce together and slabbing 2 scoopfuls of excessively- mayoed "chicken walnut salad" on top a "salad", and charge me almost 8 bucks? Seriously?Soup: I could whip up the same crap from my kitchen with a can of Cambell's tomato soup and 3 cups of Morton salt. Cookies: Alright, I'll give them some credit. Don't waste your time and money. Unless you're really dying from some lard-filled cookie craving.
4	Amazing that this is the same chain as the 99th and Happy Valley Location.  The food is the same in both places but the service at the 67th and 101 location is heads and shoulders above the Happy Valley location.  Great customer service at the 67th and 101 operation.  Oh yeah, love the cookies!  The wifi is a nice touch too.
4	I spent 4 hours in Paradise Bakery today working on my business plan and doing research.  Oh yeah, and I ate some dinner there too.  I had the you pick two.  I had half of the Paradise Club and a salad that I was able to create along with a Mango Passion Iced Tea.  It was so great!  I received a chocolate chip cookie on the side also.  About 2.5 hours into working on their free wifi, I tried their Roasted Tomato Soup, which was lovely.  I will definitely come back when it is time for a long afternoon of research along with a bite to eat.
4	I love the cookies!   Especially the coconut chocolate chip.  I love the chicken, artichoke panini and the southwest salad.
5	I love it here. Took my family here from Cali and they were impressed. They serve sandwiches, soups, and salads. There is a little coffee bar with pastries. The cookies here are fantastic. My boyfriend can't get enough of the chocolate chip cookies! I have never been disappointed with the food and would recommend it to anyone who likes soups, salads, and sandwiches! Only complaint is that I wish they were open later. =P
2	Fail...AGAIN!Any place that charges 8 whopping dollars for a horrendous meatLESS half sandwich and disappointing tasteless soup deserves not even a cent from me. Attempt 1: ordered a cranberry turkey sandwich on white bread with no mayo. Received: cranberry turkey sandwich on wheat bread with slabs of mayo; let me add: was pre-made! They didn't even bother reading my request!Attempt 2: ordered a cranberry turkey sandwich AGAIN...this time with no special treatment. Received: shockingly sloppy job of throwing together ONE thinnnn slice of turkey barely held together by a toothpick.Overrpiced, overrated, under par. The lines are too long at lunch, the prices are too high and the people are too pretentious.Disappointed time and time again, I hope to not return as long I can can walk my butt over to where my skinny wallet is appreciated more: to the land of the 5 dollar footlongs.
4	Great place to pick up salads or half sandwiches and salad that are in fact healthy and full of flavors. Love the cranberries and big green olives on the chicken salad. The soup selection are kind of weak. The bread are awesome, wholesome and are available in many grain selections. Lunch time can be a 15 minute wait to get to the counter to order your items. But once there, the chef makes the salad exactly like I want it.They have plenty of open comfortable seatings and free wifi to browse the internet. However, I don't recall seeing any power outlet for my latop. This place is a convenient place with consistent quality and service to enjoy a quiet good meal while attending to personal business.
1	I was here on 6/9/11. A person named kat waited on us. She was beyond rude. When I handed her my rewards card, I told her it was also a gift card. She was so busy yapping to everyone, she wasn't paying attention to what I said. After she ran it through as a gift card, she told me the balance, at which time I repeated that it was also a gift card. At that point she looked up at me and said, very rudely,you need to tell us that when you walk up. I had also paid for toast. She never gave me a number, so I never got any toast. The other person, with me, ordered a meal, was given the wrong number, so the person kept walking around, with his breakfast, looking for a non-existent number. We finally got his breakfast after chasing the person down. When I asked for a refund, another server insisted that I get my toast and made me stand and wait while they made it. Now, I have a rewards card with over 300 visits on it. This was the biggest mess, and the worst customer service I have ever experienced. BEWARE when choosing a paradise bakery.
5	I love Paradise Bakery.. I operate a small graphic design business and enjoy getting out of the office to work. Paradise Bakery is very accommodating.. they don't seem to mind when I spend a few hours there.. The staff has been awesome and the food is always excellent.
1	The new menu at Paradise Bakery is horrible.   The food is tasteless and the staff on the weekend is slow and inexperienced.  I'll be surprise if this location is in business in the next 6 months.   Definitely do not go to this location any longer.
3	Their new menu is ok but I prefer the old one.  I miss the old breads.  I will still come here when I can but not for breakfast anymore.  No more quiche muffins :(
4	Great selection of sandwiches, soups and salads.Prices are a little high, but the food is superb, so if you don't mind spending some mula head here for some great eats.Nice selection of fresh baked cookies too, 2 for 1 makes it an appealing daily snack.
2	When the only thing that will satisfy my hunger is a really good salad, I go to Paradise Bakery. My only complaint with this location is that if you order your salad to go, expect the plastic container to only be half full. This doesn't happen at the other locations I've been to. On the plus side, the cookies are buy one get one free.
5	They never disappoint! Consistantly great, clean, friendly and healthy (ish) I don't live close but I make the trek at least once a week because though I have searched NO one does it better!
5	The food was excellent!  So many great choices!  Salads and panini was delish!
2	Too busy even at 11, people hogging the tables from early morning.  Mostly getting their free refills and wifi.  Saw a guy there with almost a whole office setup at a booth.  I hope those breakfast muffin sales are worth it, I'm not going here anymore.
5	I tried this out because I really like Panera Bread and this is really close to campus.  After trying this on a whim, I'm now a regular customer 4+ days per week.  Admittedly it is quite busy around the noon hour, but I feel that is true of most good restaurants.  I order a salad every time I go and they are great about remembering my order  and the tweaks I make to their salads.  They always seem willing to fix any mistakes that I've seen and I think the staff is great.  The salads are great and the cookies which are BOGO are amazing.  Like most establishments in this niche they are what some would call pricey, but the food is good and if you're a Midwestern student you get a discount.
4	Paradise Bakery is pretty good. I like that they have lots of nice options. I sometimes have a hard time figuring out what to order, because there are so many tasty things to choose from.I think they could be a little more organized though. Sometimes the wait can take a really long time. And one time we went and they had run out of Mango Smoothie mix, which is usually the reason that we go there, because it is close to being my fiance's favorite thing in the world! I also am not too crazy about their cookies, although they aren't bad. In any case Paradise Bakery makes for a good meal overall!
4	I really enjoy Paradise Bakery but since Panera Bread took them over it has lost its charm and the quality of the food offered has been reduced to the Chain food that Panera sells. It's a shame to see this once great place be turned into an average quality bakery. I still go often because of the location but I expect that when they turn it into Panera Bread and the only thing left is the sign that says Paradise Bakery, I will move on to another place for lunch and breakfast. Four stars for now but in time this will be a three star bakery. The staff are still wonderful and the service is great. I hope Panera treat them well because if the service suffers this will be a two star place.
1	Very disappointed! Not allergy friendly at all. They have six kinds of muffins - 3 with and nuts 3 without - but tossed them all together in the case so if you have a nut allergy you can't have anything! Seems thoughtless to me. The staff knew nothing about cross-contamination or ingredients! We did not eat anything and just left.
4	Place is always clean, good is always fresh and staff is always friendly.  A little pricey for sandwiches but they do come with a cookie and wifi!
1	Quality of food seems to have changed, I used to really enjoy going here but now it seems there are better options out there. Service also is lacking I would rather go to a place where I don't feel like I'm bothering them just to get waited on.
3	The sandwiches are pretty yummy. Personal favorites include the croissant bacon turkey deliciousness and Italian. The turkey cranberry and pasta salads are definitely on the bad side. I ordered from here to provide thank you lunches for the patients and assistant I used for boards. I don't know if it was because I was incredibly gorgeous or they saw me drooling over the baked goods, but they put three free cookies to go with my sandwiches which I thought was very kind and almost made up for the high cost. Liked that it was open at 6 AM.
2	An underwhelming experience to say the least. We stopped in for coffee, to access the web, and to hang out for a while. The coffee was lukewarm and we never were able to access their wifi. Before leaving, I decided to grab a salad (Chicken Caesar).  It consisted of lettuce, a couple of croutons, lettuce, a couple a minuscule pieces of chicken with a thimbleful of dressing, and more lettuce. It was great if you were a rabbit. Not so good if it was supposed to be your dinner.
4	Big fan of all of the Paradise Bakeries.  This one is as good as the rest, solid food, new menu items (try the new warm pastas!).  Love that you can grab iced coffee as a beverage choice at the fountain/tea area.  The one negative with this location is I typically see a number of older customers sitting in booths (one to a booth) surfing the net.  These are not salesmen checking emails over lunch, these look like guys that don't have the net at home and are just hanging out which takes these table off the market and makes the experience a little less enjoyable.  I don't have a solution to this issue but just a gentle call-out to those that enjoy the free net, avoid 11:30-1 PM
1	Ate: Half a chipotle chicken sandwich and half southwestern salad$: Too much money for a sandwich and salad that barely fill you up. If they don't give you that 'free' cookie I'd probably have to spend 12-13$ for a decent amount of food.Recent experience: Asked for spinach on my salad and the lettuce that was already in my to-go box (less than when you eat there) seemed to rub the worker the wrong way so she removed half of it. Suffice it to say, my salad didn't even cover the bottom of the box. Not enough chicken, not enough ingredients and she was incredibly rude about it. She talked about hating how customers asked for extra things. To be honest the ingredients cost next to nothing for the corporation let alone the employee. I am not expecting a pound of chicken but someone in management needs to do something about it. Otherwise they will lose customers daily due to their service and how cheap they are. I did however appreciate some of their employees who were very kind. For the most part I would not go back here unless I was dragged back in. The taste of food is important but so is service and quantity. No thanks.
3	One of the more spacious and industrial Paradise Bakery locations, and another one that does not provide Equal Sweetener.  Not nearly as loud as other spots, particularly during the weekend morning rush, but unfortunately the noise comes in the form of Country Western music.  :-(
1	I ordered the steak wrap bowl from the hidden menu...it's so hidden that I'm still looking for it. I get more meat when I get samples at the deli. It's my third bad experience at this place. I should have learned by now.
3	Never understand people who come to paradise on a regular basis just to eat. It's like overpriced cafeteria food... For real. But I come here once and a while and found out Students get 10% off if you choose not to use your rewards card. Also, the cookies are still amazing and the employees seem much older and much kinder than other locations.
2	Sunday Diner's Beware! Tonight they were out of all pasta products, including the Mac & Cheese I was craving. I decided to get soup, however they were also out of rolls. Also, they were out of their Mango Tea. Their excuse for being out of everything I ask for? "We're normally out of almost everything on Sunday's." If this is something that happens every Sunday then whomever orders should be smart enough to plan for it.
5	Pesto sacchettini , Tomato mozzarella panini. DONE!!!! Magnificent customer service and was so kind to the max. :))
2	Not a big fan of Paradise. Sandwiches are overpriced. Very corporate. Sweet are too sweet and leave a taste of diabetes in your mouth. Salads are boring. Lots of cheap lettuce is a must, but they flake out on the chicken. Coffee is meh. Service is solid.
3	Went for a quick lunch with family last week. The place is always clean and busy. I don't love places like this because they usually only have what feels like a limited menu and quick prep on the items they offer. What they do serve, they do pretty well - albeit a bit on the pricey side. As for the food, I had a big kid grilled cheese with Bacon and Tomato soup. The chocolate chip cookie is a nice touch too. I'd go here again!
3	My favorite lunch spot because it's close to work! I live off there greek salad its amaze! Kizzy is the girl that rang me up today and had exceptional customer service! She made my day! The other girl at the register not so much.. Im not sure if I became invisible or not but I was next and she just went and picked up the phone without acknowledging what she was about to do! It was akward and poor customer service! Not what I have ever gotten at PB! Thats why I am giving 3 stars! Kizzy and my lunch get 5 though!
3	Quick lunch so I had the Spinach power salad.  Pretty quick and easy.  Salad tasted pretty good.  Lots of people in there so it was pretty noisy.
2	Food is great when they get your order right or haven't ran out of something.  The staff needs to learn how to treat customers better...thus the 2 stars.
4	As a guy I often think of Paradise as a place where the ladies go to eat and socialize.  Not so,  many business men are eating here and for good reason  the good is very good as is the selection. Try the Pick Two you get choice of salads, pastas, soups and half sandwiches, any and all freshly made and so delicious.  You even get a cookie with your sandwich. Recently merged with Panera they will soon have shuffles on the menu. Try it you will not be sorry.
5	Good food as always, love the broccoli cheddar soup. Always the sameQualityNo matter which one you go to
