5	A fellow patron wearing pajamas and slippers felt comfortable saying to me, "That wig looks good. Just get it in a more gold and brown color. That'll look better on you."  She was cool and honest. And this is why I miss the east side. When we first moved to Vegas it was to an apartment complex near Sahara and Nellis. Our U-Haul was awkwardly parked in the cramped lot and my sunburnt 1984 Honda Civic fit right in. As we returned from the front office with the keys to our apartment, the neighbors watching us from their porch offered up an ice cold Bud Light, "It's hot as hell out here." I live for unsolicited conversational opportunities, and these occasions abound in Beauty Warehouse. I don't recall hearing any music over the speakers, but the banter of the ladies in the beauty shop in the back of the store filled the place. As my teenage wig attendant said, "They're like that all the time, having a good time. They're hilarious." So I left with three synthetic wigs, one eyeshadow compact ($1.99), one lip gloss compact ($1.99) and one fantastic, sparkly purple eyeliner pen ($1.99). Two of the wigs were on sale, 50% off of $25-35. My total bill was around $60. The most notable aspect of the store is its wig collection, some 150 awesome wigs on display, with the most expensive being just over $100. The attendant was happy to let me try on a dozen of them. We had heard about this place through a wig shop located in the Indoor Swap Meet, whose wigs are $250-350 (beautiful, but not what I needed).The Beauty Supply Warehouse also has tons of hair dyes and curly-haired products such as Grapeseed oil, all at reasonable prices. The service is friendly and the place is packed with products. It's 100% unpretentious.
2	Horrible human hair selection!! They need to step their hair game up!! They have a fair amount of synthetic hair but everyone doesn't wear synthetic hair. And although I was helped right away, there was no woman to talk to or ask an opinion on the hair.Went right down to Decatur to the other beauty supply warehouse. They are always fully staffed with people who can help you decide.
5	This store is packed so you can get anything you need for your hair here ladies. Also their is a beauty shop in the back :) The staff are helpful and kind.
4	Yay, they're back. I'm a fan of this store. I've bought many wigs here for a low price.  Hence, I dont feel too bad destroying some of them for costumes and such. They carry cute lil hair accessories, hair dye, etc. The ladies are very helpful  when it comes to finding a particular brand or wig.Right now, their store isnt quite what it used to be. Its a soft opening (not all merch is up on shelves or displayed). Im sure it will be back to where it was.
