4	I am very picky about where I get my nails done because so many places don't take their time or do a good job.  This place is great & pretty cheap.  Mon-thurs full set/ped is $20, mani/pedi $32.  Its only a couple miles from the strip & they do a great job. Fair selection of opi as well.  Tommys done my nails a couple times now, this last time got creative with an awsome pink/zebra design!
4	I've been looking for a nail salon that will do a great job but have affordable service and this place was it.  The location is not the best, but I did grow up in that neighborhood, so I can't complain. Lie and her husband owns this establishment and they're very friendly to their costumers. One of my nails broke really bad and Lie fixed it right up with gel and it looked great. I've been to alot of places and once I tell them I'm diabetic, they don't clean my nails in fear they'll make me bleed and I've been so disappointed with services, like with this place called Aqua Salon in Henderson.  Worst place to go to EVER.  Anyway, Lei cleans my nails and she does it really well, no pain, no bleeding.  This is now my spot!
5	Just got my first French gel manicure by Lee. I was looking for a friendly place close to UNLV and this is it! Lee and Tommy own this little nail shop and everyone is really friendly and speaks perfect English, which is nice in a big city like Vegas. My nails look great, there was no wait for a walk in, and prices are competitive. Very pleased, I think I found my new spot!
4	I always used to go here for my eyebrows because the gent that works there, he is the owner I believe, has honestly done such a great job on my eyebrows...I wont go anywhere else. Ive tried ALOT of nail shops for nails and eyebrows....and noone does my eyebrow like this guy....I also go there in a hurry most of the time and they get me in an out with a full set or fill and pedi in less then an hour...and do a great job....theres only a couple ladies that do pedis and they are very gentile.....They do a great job on nails and fills as well.....I recently was there til about 7 and went home and realized I left my wallet on their counter, called the next morning and they had my wallet with all my cash and cards in it!!! They are very honest people and I will be a faithful customer from now on..... =)
5	The best nail salon ever! I've been going to Tommy and Ly for about 5 or 6 years now and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else. Tommy does my nails and they are always perfect! Ly does my pedicure and it's the best!  Although the location isn't amazing, the shop is nice. Not sure why one user said it was so dirty, they keep the shop very clean. If you pass this place by, you're missing out!
5	I'm so happy I found this nail salon! The way they do nails is so clean and professional. Lee did my nails and I asked for a gel French manicure for short nails. She ended up making my nails more beautiful than I expected! They really pay attention to detail, are very friendly, and do amazing nails! The rates are inexpensive for the quality you get. I went to this place because of the good reviews I saw on yelp and now I won't go anywhere else!
5	I happened upon this place b/c my son was playing paintball @ Flamingo & MD so I had a few hours to kill.  I had a pedicure (I rarely ever get my nails done b/c I've had bad experiences) and the girl was fabulous!  Unfortunately, I didn't get her name.  I tried to go back on Mother's Day for a pedicure, but they were closed.  :(  I will definitely go back.
1	This place is so disgusting. DO NOT let them touch you with anything sharp. This was the worst manicure I've EVER had. Stay away folks.
4	Was visiting Vegas and really wanted a pedicure. This was the only place that seemed to be open in the area since it was the 4th of July. Had to wait a little longer than I'm used to but they set us up in the massage chairs with our feet to soak until someone could attend to us. This nail tech was probably the most attentive to my nails that I'd ever had during a pedicure. From the cleaning and buffing to massaging, scrubbing and painting, I was very happy. Really did a great job!!
4	Great customer service!!! Will return!
5	I'm still going to this nail salon and am still as happy as ever with them! Lee is super sweet and always makes my nails beautiful. She has high standards for what the finished product will be and that's why I only go to her. My nails stay strong for a long time with the gel manicure, which is a great because my nails usually break easily. She never takes short cuts and always does a superb job. She's also open to trying new styles so you can have fun with your nails. I can't say enough good things about this place!
5	I'm from Chicago. They took good care of me, did my pedi & mani super fast without having an appointment. Plus, they made sure I was on time for my next appointment. Great service!
5	I popped in for a quick no chip manicure.  Ly was awesome!   Very sweet, personable and just the right amount of chatty.   She also gave the best hand massage I've ever gotten.   I could have easily fallen asleep.  I was in and out super quickly and my nails look great.     All the utensils were in a sterilized package and the prices were reasonable.
5	Amazing! I went here originally because it was close to work.. They got me in immediately for a full set and my nails looked amazing.. Better than some fancy schmancy salons I've been to! I was so happy with them I knew I'd be back! Unfortunately I had to go 5 weeks without a fill (yes 5 weeks!) and to my surprise not ONE SINGLE NAIL came off! They were 100% in tact and (despite the obvious nail growth) looked pretty damn good! I'm back here today for my fill and I will never go anywhere else for a full set again! I look forward to checking out their pedicure next time I come in!
5	I have been coming to tip toe for years I originally began coming because it's right by my house but I kept coming thanks to the quality of services! Tommy is the best I always leave happy and with impeccable nails. He is so sweet he always remembers me and what I like and he also remembers everyone else that walks In the door. Great price & great quality!
5	Still the best full set manicure I've ever had! If you're looking for an amazing mani or pedi and you're in Las Vegas this is the place to go! Tommy and Ly are masters of their craft! So happy!
5	It's the best nail shop I have ever been! Their staffs are so nice!! That's my favorite place!
5	Love it. From out of town needed a mani pedi and they were great. Close to the strip and great quality nail work. Friendly staff
5	Love how Friendly Tommy was to me :) I'm not sure if he's the owner but he did a great job waxing my eyebrows. Just the way I like it, nice and thick/full. Ditch your other Asian salons cause they tend to do your eyebrows skinny and thin. I'm definitely coming back and possibly get a full set.
5	Never ever disappointed!! They do SUCH amazing work! I won't ever go anywhere else as long as I'm in Vegas! Nails that last forever!
2	I was vacationing in Vegas and wanted to get my nails done while waiting for my other girlfriends to arrive. This place had good reviews and was close to my hotel. This place was very dirty and very hot inside. Although the staff was very nice and friendly the work they did was not. I had very nice, long natural nails and I only like shellac/gel on them. I had told the guy I a broken thumb nail and just wanted to get it fixed with a fake nail and that I only wanted shellac but the guy recommended that it get shaped out of acryllic because it will last longer. Also said that I pay so much for shellacl so he'll do something else to help the paint last longer on my nails. So then another lady got started on my nails. She did shape a nail on my thumb and started putting acrylic on the next finger and she worked pretty fast because the place was getting filled with customers. When she put the acrylic on the second finger I asked her what she was doing. She said the guy told her to put acrylic to make your nail paint last longer! I did not want that at all! I thought he was going to do like 3 layers of coating or something. I hate acrylic...it ruins my nails, gets ugly when they grow out and chips easily! Not only that, it makes my nails look bulky and unnatural!  Now I gotta go through the process of waiting many months for them to grow out so I don't have to rip the acrylic off to have my nails look thin, ugly and not normal looking and to go back to the way I like my nails all natural!
4	Great customer service!  Loved the complete outcome. Gave me a whole new pair of feet lol highly recommended (:
3	I liked this salon. The workers are friendly and professional. I give then 5 stars for what they did to my eyebrows. But my nails only lasted 3 days. I have gotten gels before and usually they last me up to 2-4 weeks but these only lasted 3 days before they started peeling. It was just enough time for me to love them and leave the shop happy. I pay for gels because they're suppose to stay on longer than regular polish, I've had plain nails polish last longer than these gels have. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! GO SOMEPLACE ELSE!
5	Great services. Love my nails. They stayed late just for us!! Thank you. Will definitely come back.
5	I've been going to Tip Toe for almost two years. I love this shop!! Tommy is great!! He is very patient and attentive. He does great work on my nails (acrylic) and is also a good conversationalist if you're in the mood.  Pedicures with Anne or Ly are simply amazing!  I always look forward to my next visit to Tip Toe!
