5	I absolutely LOVE this store! They have a fantastic selection and their jewelry is mainly custom. It's amazing the work the people here put into their jewelry. At one point I brought in some old gold that I no longer wanted as well as a loose pearl that I had received for a gift and we traded. They set my pearl in exchange for the gold and an additional $10 and everyone LOVES it. I have also recently gone in with my BF looking for engagement rings and their selection is STUNNING. We were able to pick out a custom ring immediately and it was priced well. I'm now awaiting the surprise! WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND JEWEL TRENDZ!
5	you would have to be borderline retarded to shop anywhere else
5	After shopping around over 5 diff jewelers, I came across Jewel Trendz.They had the best service and also best price out of everyone.Great Service, super friendly.Did exactly what they promised.Def client for life.Thank You
5	My fiance and I had our wedding rings custom made at Jewel  Trendz.  Our experience was amazing and I am so happy we stumbled upon them.  I was looking for someone to redesign my engagement ring as I wanted something a little bit more modern.  We worked with Avo to redesign both my ring and to come up with a design for my fiances wedding band.  I had my heart set on a design I had seen at another jeweler that wasn't local to our area.  It was important to me to find someone nearby to handle our jewelry needs so we had him reproduce it.  Saying he nailed it seems like an understatement.  Additionally, Avo was able to take several aspects of other men's wedding rings he designed that we liked along with a few of our own unique requests and combined them into an amazing piece of art.  My fiances wedding band is truly one of a kind including hand cutout puzzle pieces.  From the design aspect, to the molds, to watching the actual rings be made, this has been such a memorable experience.   I can't recommend them enough.
5	The two brother Avo and John both are great guys. I have bought a few things from them and had some custom stuff made. They do everything in house.I cant see myself going anywhere else. Best service best prices very friendly  with the best product.
5	I had my wedding ring stolen and insurance told me to go pick a jeweler 1st thing.  I went to a lot of the bigger name stores, but they all had the same designs and said the same thing.  One day, right before closing I stopped in Jewel Trendz to see if they had anything I would like.  Their rings were all so different from all the cookie cutter rings I saw at the other stores.  In the end though, I had my heart set on a certain look that they didn't have.  Avo was more than accomidating when I showed him what I was intererested in, he immediately said he could design it and then he mentioned that he designs almost all the rings in the cases.  His work was unique and I liked that his items weren't like everything else I saw.  He also said that because he does the work inhouse, that the wax mold would not be at no cost (everyone else wanted $250-$500).  The thing that made me want to do business with them is that they assurred me that if I wasn't happy with the end result that they would put it in the case and just sell it, I could start over and they wouldn't make me purchase something that I wasn't 100% satisfied with.  This is the one thing that no other jeweler ever offered, they told me that if I OK'd the wax mold then I was for stuck with whatever they made.In the end they were extremely fast, it only took  2 weeks to make the ring once I picked a center stone.  Between John and Avo, I was updated at least twice a week and on top of that they gave correct estimations on when the ring would be complete.  They didn't run late, they didn't make excuses, they were very professional.  The ring I have today is my dream ring.  The workmanship that John did setting the diamonds is amazing!  I couldn't have made a better decision in picking Jewel Trendz for my business.  Not only did they get my business that one time, but now they will have my business for life.
5	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!!First I have to say I'm extremely picky and hard to please. But Avo at Jewel Trends exceeded my expectations! Jewel Trendz  produced a knockout custom engagement ring for me. Plus they are some of the nicest people you will meet.  It took me MONTHS to decide on a ring design. This is no fault of Avo (he gave me many choices and ideas). And without him I would have NEVER  had the ring of my dreams! Avo has the patience of a saint!  This place is AMAZING. They can make anything and make it better than rest. And I saved thousands!  I am so happy I asked my fiancee to return there for my wedding gift too! I rarely ever leave a review for anyone. But this place deserves it and a big thank you!Lorrie & John
5	When I came into Jewel Trendz I literally had no idea what I was doing. I had my engagement ring, and a diamond necklace from my mom. All I knew was that I wanted to put all of these diamonds together. One diamond was princess cut, the other two were round. I was clueless and then Avo knew just what to do... Long story short, I am obsesed with my new ring, it came out even better than I could have ever imagined and even better than the mold that Avo created. The price was fantastic. I am definitely going to be coming back here for jewelry in the future. AMAZING WORK!
5	I got our wedding rings from here. This place is just amazing. Avo did a custom designed ring for her that i had in mind and i must say the final product exceeded my expectations. He is very talented!!The service was great and everyone was very friendly.
