4	Asian Kitchen is a nice little place that serves pcific rim cuisine...the decor is nice and small.  I had the drunken chicken & shrimp...it was delicious and full of flavor.As far as asian food goes this is a hidden gem and far supirior to mom & pop places and they typical chinese buffet.One star less since I wish they had a larger menu selection.
3	Listed by Get Out Mag as a hip noodle house (formally called sN Asian Kitchen), Asia is said to have a cool black/white/red decor motif with a sushi bar. The restaurant - described as cozy - features noodle dishes from Japan, China, Vietnam, Malaysia and Singapore. Also, there's live jazz music Friday and Saturday nights. So, ask yourself: Would that tempt you? It certainly did me, and at 7 p.m. on a Saturday, my sushi-lovin' friend and I met here. We were immediately shown to a corner booth and given menus. Our server was friendly, albeit a tad eccentric, which we didn't mind. Her quick, matter-of-fact manner was something we couldn't decide if we liked. But, that's okay. Our first challenge was to pick out our drinks. The wine list is HUGE. There's also specials they write on a big chalk board. Narrowing it down to a few selections took a few minutes... and my friend was disappointed to be told twice that they were out of the drink of her choice (including one of the sakes on the menu). Bummer. I went with the J Lohr Wildflower red blend. And I didn't like it. I told our server that I should have taken her suggestion and gotten the Writer's Block Zin and I was hoping I could send back the Wildflower. "You don't like it?""No, sorry. I don't.""That's okay. I hate it. It's so popular, though. I don't understand why."Uhm, good to know. For being honest about other wines, she certainly held her tongue when I placed my order. My friend and I split the Salmon Salad app, with fresh spinach and pine nuts. It was very tasty. The Salmon was tempura, but I didn't find it too fried to enjoy. We then shared the Best of Asia - 3 pieces each of yellow tail, tuna and salmon, lightly seared and flavored with garlic, paprika, ponzu and a jalapeno on top. HOT! I had two pieces and left the rest for my friend. The Big Buddha Roll, which we shared, was very, very tasty. It was a little spicy, but in that good way I enjoy. This roll was double wrapped with soy paper on the outside and had crab meat, avocado, cream cheese and salmon inside. YUM! About 3/4 of our way through dinner, the server brought out my new glass of wine. Uhm, ok. "Sorry, I totally forget.""But at least you remember," my friend remarked. As for the atmosphere, it can only be summed up this way: Airport. I got the feeling that if I walked out the front doors, I'd be inside an airport terminal, headed to whatever gate I needed to be at to make my flight. The interior of the place, like my friend pointed out, seemed to be the type of place that "you cram things inside a space that don't really fit or belong." Bingo! The sushi bar/kitchen takes up the bulk of the space, with a short sushi bar area to its immediate side. There's a few tables scattered about, as well as a few booths. The decor is red, black and white - Get Out was right about that. I just would never call this place cozy. They did turn down the lighting around 7:30 which helped immensely. As for the music, it was nice jazz. The trio set up in a corner and played a few songs. Sax, drums, guitar - what else do you need? On our way out, while the band was on break, we learned they weren't even a band... and that they just kind of set up and played in an impromptu style. Regardless, they were enjoyable. They didn't really fit the motif of the restaurant, tho. It was more of the "airport restaurant trying to be a cool lounge with live music."When the bill came, I was pleased to see our server did not charge me for the glass of wine I sent back. I appreciated that. Yet, the bill was a bit too high for the type of service/experience my friend and I had here at Asia. $46 for 2 people? Ouch. Both the Buddha Roll and Best of Asia were $12 a piece (the former totally worth it; the latter not). The appetizer salad was $8. My friend's sake was $2 (bargain) and my glass of really great Zin (a new fave) was $9. All in all, it added up. But I definitely would not go back to throw down that kind of money at a place that reminded me of an airport restaurant. Also, while we were waiting for the server to run my card, I flicked with my forefinger what I thought was a piece of paper, though in my mind it looked like a tiny, tiny fly. Turns out the "piece of paper" sprouted legs and started to crawl across the table. IT WAS A BUG! Ew. Gross. This place has potential, but it'll need a real overhaul to entice me to come back. Redeeming traits:*HUGE wine list (almost too big; it's hard to decide)*Full bar with beer selections, including a couple Asian favorites*Sake choices for cheap*Big Buddha Roll that's one of the best rolls I've had - anywhere*Live music - sure beats pop music blasting overhead*Clean bathroom with a vibrant green scheme - with several men's magazines to flip through (Weird, eh?) and a pic of Audrey Hepburn on the wall
5	What a great find.  We went here with a group of friends before hitting the AMC across the street.  We started with "Sex and the City Cosmos" -- a creation by owner/chef John Wong for the movie we were seeing.  Grrreat Martini ($7).  The wine list was also impressive.  He had a large selection of wines from small vineyards I had never heard of (also reasonably priced).The intimate space makes it a great place to hang out and chat.  The owner came over for a bit to talk with us.  He spent a lot of time at each of the tables making sure everyone was enjoying themselves.  They also had live music on the night that we went.  After a few drinks we decided to order.  By the recommendation of everyone I was sitting with, I asked for the Drunken Chicken and Shrimp ($10).  It was out in about 10 minutes and easily could have made two meals.  Very yummy.  One of our friends ordered sushi, which looked AMAZING when it came out.I would disagree a bit with the last reviewer as the menu was quite large (http://www.simplynoodles.com).  A choice of 30 entrees with a sushi menu is pretty sufficient I think.  The appetizers looked great too, although we didn't have enough time to try them.Will definitely come back!
5	We went back here before a concert at the Mesa Amphitheater for a quick dinner and drinks.  Freaking awesome margaritas.  Our waitress made them, so maybe it depends on who's serving you, but she was spot on.  Fresh lime juice and tequila.  None of that mix crap.Food was stellar once again.
1	In short, slow service, average food and a poor attitude by the wait staff add up to a disappointing meal.[BTY - Yelp maps this place 6+ miles from where it actually is located.]
5	The ambiance at this place can't be beat! Live music on most nights, great wine and drink menu, and plenty of food options. The food is great, the decor is fantastic and every experience I have with this place has been phenomenal! I highly recommend it for dates/intimate evenings.
5	A hidden treasure!We try to make it to this place once a week, a great place for a quick lunch or a nice dinner, often times dinner comes with live jazz.  You will not run out of wine or liquor choices here.Must try's include:Crab Wontons  (Best in town!!!!)Most of their dishes are great and can be had with rice or noodles.
5	If you are looking for a fantastic vibe, wine list and great pacific rim cuisine this is the place.  Even the Sushi is creative... Sushi-mi served on top of See Weed Salad is a nice touch... I would guess I sampled everything over the last year and this place does not disappoint.  The service is excellent and personal.  I can't rave enough...
5	This place is crazy good.  The drunken chicken and lantern flame dishes are phenomenal. The edamame and sushi are both very good too.  If you really want something amazing, try the crab puffs.  Those things must have crack in them or something cause you just do not want to stop eating them.  The only issue I have with this place is that they are always out of their best wine deal and try to upsell you to some more expensive wine that isn't even as good as the cheaper wine deal that they are out of.
5	I love this place!  I have been here about 15 times and have not had a bad item.  They use quality meats, seafood, and other ingredients.  You won't leave hungry either.My personal favorites are --Crab PuffsDrunken ChickenLantern Flame
5	I love this little place!The food is GREAT, and they have a nice Happy Hour too!They have 3 high tables right outide their front door.   They have live music certain nights of the week.  Young attractrive waitresses, friendly.Great atmosphere, I feel like I am in San Francisco when I eat here?The people that come here are a different crowd than Ra.  I think they come here for the great food/atmosphere I feel, rather than the types of people that go to Ra for their Happy Hour if you know what I mean.Every roll I've tried is good, and there is some type of noodle/tofu/mushroom/broccoli dish that I REALLY like.  As with any place, it depends who is cooking it, it may come out a bit different every time, but all times have been good!This place has a nice Happy Hour also, but I'm willing to pay full price for the food here.  No blasting loud music like at other sushi places around.  This is a great place to take a date.Way more of a local place rather than a chain.I've been coming here for awhile, and it looks like the word has gotten around.  There was never too many people here, and I couldn't believe it.  I was just there this past weekend for dinner at around 7pm, and it was packed!  I like to see this place like that and do well.I just only wish they were open later!  They close at 9pm on weeknights.
4	Such a great place! The happy hour is awesome! Who doesn't love 2 for 1!!! The fish is great quality and the rolls are well done. I love how different the las vegas roll here is (kinda hard to eat but very good!) The people who work here are very friendly and the live music on Friday is great fun.The food from other countries I have never tried but I hear great things! Check it out for me and let me know.
4	This place is not the most fantastic place I've ever been but it was good. The service and the food were nice, again not excellent but good. I do have to say though that the crab puffs were great. I would definitely recommend trying it out. I am going to have to try Happy Hour since it keeps getting such great reviews then perhaps I'll give it a full five stars.
4	Thanks to Groupon (free advertising, guys), my family got a heck of a deal on our dinners.The atmosphere was cozy, but can get cramped real quick come Friday's happy hour.Their spicy spring rolls were made of a thicker won-ton type wrapper. They fried ours a little too long, so it had a slightly burned taste, as well as char marks. The plum sauce was overpoweringly fruity. One of my least favorite spring rolls ever.Their satay beef was very peanut buttery. Not great, but tasty enough.I thought their teppanyaki beef and yakisoba was excellent!Their hong kong flat rice noodles were very mild. Kind of like grilled chicken and noodles.  Children and most geriatrics may find this to their liking.The spicy yellowtail sushi was served seaweed on the outside. Very good.Amanda was a great waitress. She worked us a great deal, and offered suggestions.
4	We went to Asia today for the very first time.  Wouldn't have tried it if it weren't for our Groupon.  Tried it.  Loved it.  Will definitely go back.  Appetizer + 2 entrees + dessert = $27.08 with tax. (we drank water) Add in tip, and it was a great meal for a great price. They were able to substitute tofu for any meat on the menu, and were able to hold one of the four veggies in my dish, no hassle, no problem, and they got it right the first time.  My Tofu Satay and egg noodles was yum.  Hubbie's dish was great.  Crab puffs were amazing.  Macadamia Rum Cake was delish.  Service was awesome.  Our server did a great job, even when the joint was packed.  She mentioned that Friday evenings they have live music, and I'd be amenable to going back and checking that out.  Things I'd change:  table size... it was a tiny little table for two, not enough room to do business on... so not a great place for a business lunch/dinner.  I'd also not sit by the front door again.  Every time someone came in or left, the heat blasted in and tried to roast me.  Other than those two things though, our dining experience was wonderful.  We will go back and I would recommend it to my friends.
3	This place was ok. I went with Sharon H. And we split 3 rolls and only one I really liked the others were just ok. The viva Vegas roll is awesome and I am not usually a fan of Vegas rolls. The seaweed salad was average but lacked flavor. We got one roll that had eel inside with I think cream cheese and crab with eel sauce outside and it wasn't that good as it just wasn't a good combo. The other was something again with cream cheese inside with some other stuff and salmon and avocado on top. This roll was the 2nd best but still lacked flavor and I didn't like that the cream cheese over powered the fish.All there fish was fresh but seemed to lack flavor. The cost was also pretty high for 3 rolls and a salad at $40 before tip and we didn't have drinks. I might be willing to come back as the food wasn't bad and the Vegas was awesome but I may look elsewhere first
4	Great menu with lots of variety in choices. The food was hot and very good. Tables and sitting area were crowded together, but not bad for such a small locality.
4	Nestled in a sea of mundane suburban chains lies a true oriental gem.  The menu is laden with tasty dishes from up and down the Pacific Rim. Easily merits inclusion into the workday lunch rotation.
4	ATMOSPHERE: Went for dinner on a Friday night. Crowded but no wait and seated promptly. Live music playing (jazz, classics). Very lively atmosphere. Music was a bit loud though. Small dimly lit, intimate atmosphere. Patio seating available.FOOD: We ordered:1. Seafood Curry and Yakisoba Noodles - average... I can make this at home. Not bad.2. Udon Noodles with Shrimp and Chicken - yummy! This was my favorite out of the two dishes.SERVICE: No complaints here. Waitress was prompt and attentive.PRICES: Quality on par and generous quantity so prices are fair with most dishes being $7-9 with max of $12 . We both took the rest of our dishes home.  We got a good deal using the Group-on deal and got 50% off. PARKING: Plentiful in the parking lot. CONCLUSION: Good food, nice atmosphere, good serive. Pretty solid place. I would come back here again.
3	3.5 stars for service. They are BUSY. And that's a good sign that the locals like coming here. They even have a lot of walk-ins placing to-go orders. But they need to work on scheduling more staffing on a Saturday night during prime dinner hours. They were slammed with only two waitresses working the floor, the bar and the patio area. Immediately after sitting down, I could tell service was going to be slow with all the other tables waiting to have their orders taken. We waited a good 5 minutes just to get our menus. We almost walked out, but we were starving and craving sushi and decided to stick it out. It's a small restaurant hidden next to a Party City. Even their menu is small. The setting on the inside was cool because the focal point was the sushi bar where you can easily view the chefs doing their thang. If there were more waitresses working, this place would easily get 4 or 5 stars, but they didn't even have time to explain which rolls were what when they dropped off our food. The prices were good - large hot sake for $2.50! The sushi was alright. Our waitress forgot my mom's drink and my seaweed salad. The chef also was not able to make our spider roll, but I'm not sure why. This may be a local favorite, judging by all the patrons that come in and know each other by name. But if they just beefed up their staffing by one more waitress, they stand to gain more regulars.
5	Atmosphere: 10 there was a live band playing and the music was phenomenalFood was excellent !! Must try the Viva Vegas Roll
4	A really quaint, multi cultural asian food experience. The drunken chicken and shrimp are awesome. Convenient location right on Baseline and Stapley. The staff is very friendly, entire premise is clean. Can't ask for more than that.
4	well done Asia, you won me over! Recently i have been on a Chinese, Korean, Japanese etc kick and this place has a menu that is pretty well rounded( hence why it is called Asia, has a little bit of everything) i really liked the diversity of the menu.  your bound to find something that will feed your hunger. if your not feelin Chinese you can go Japanese..etc. Appetizers were really good, and we both really liked our main dishes as well...even had the leftovers for lunch today. Only one waitress last night..prob on fri and sats have more service..but she was a champ, did really well for handling everyone solo. Food came out quickly as well too.two apps, two entrees and 4 rounds of Sake for $50 can't beat that!side note: the bar area is pretty cool it looks over the kitchen which is in the middle of the restaurant..also had a little patio area as well. i will be back.
4	P.S- HAAAPPYY HOUR starts at noon on Sundays till late in the evening...go get your happy on!
3	So I went here for lunch today with a friend and it turns out the specials that are advertised on here are no longer being offered, however, our nice waiter let us have the happy hour menu as it was still advertised. Very nice! So she got some sushi for wonderful prices (two rolls for 5$... seriously?!?! wow!) and I got the lettuce cups, which were really tasty, and the potstickers which were not good. They were fried, but not real crispy, and they had this gloppy, weird tasting sauce on top and then served with just soy sauce. Kind of weird and overall not pleasant. The food they were cooking smelled good and the lettuce cups were really yummy so I would come back... probably just for happy hour though.
4	Went for Sushi today (Saturday) with my wife.  The restaurant appears to look like a bar.  The sushi was good.  Between my wife and myself, we had our sushi fix.  The sushi was fresh and tasted good.
5	Really small place with really good live jazz music, food & drinks. The food prices are low but drinks are a little high.  Make sure to check out their facebook page to find out when they have live music:  http://www.facebook.com/AsiaInMesaOverall, this is my favorite place to go when I want a mellow night out with my hubby.Looks like this restaurant is FKA "SN Pacific Rim Asian Kitchen" and has a separate yelp account at:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/sn-pacific-rim-asian-kitchen-mesa-2
4	Love Asia, My husband and I have been going here for over 2 years and have had nearly every dish on the menu, fresh ingredients, love the variety of dishes, Sushi and Rolls are Delish. They also have a full bar and super selection of wines. Live Jazz on Friday nights. This intimate spot is a really different way to spend an evening any night of the week. Yummy lunch menu, reasonable prices, attentive wait staff. Drop by and check it out!
5	Went with my wife and her sister for lunch.  We shared a plate of calamari and it was perfect, to say the least. Crispy with a light batter and not over cooked. I had a Vietnamese spicy beef noodle bowl and was immediately won over. My wife had a crispy chicken and egg noodle bowl and couldn't say enough about how great the lunch was ... If we lived here it would be a regular stop for us. Hidden away, great staff ... No way you can go wrong.
1	This place is terrible. The rice used for the sushi is overcooked and the fish taste as though is was just defrosted the same day is was prepared. The service is horrible because is usually understaffed. It takes for ever to get refills and the wait staff is drinking on the job. To top it off the owner John is a drunk. There are so many other places to eat so stay away from this location.
4	First off I wanna say I have been waiting to come here for awhile I always pass it but never have the to stop or never hungry. So i when last week and I was happy I did. Very good food, One of the better Asian Fusion places I been to. Good flavor and good size meals. The services was good also. I will go back again for sure
5	Personally discovered this place a couple months ago and I am trying to eat here as often as possible before I move this summer. I have tried 5-6 different bowls and have licked every one clean. Fresh ingredients, all together delicious. My favorite so far: Drunken Noodle.Kind of weird entry behind the Party City, but very cool vibe inside and amazing food. Try it. Thank me later.
1	Do not eat sushi here. The service was good, the bartender was pleasant, but the fish was terrible. We ordered tuna and salmon nigiri which was completely dried out and, in a word, disgusting. I have to assume the other reviews refer to the wok menu, because the sushi was a health code violation waiting to happen.
4	This is an update.  The place used to be better when the father and son worked all the time.  I imagine that is hard to keep up that level of hardwork so I understand it.  Unfortunately, the last two times we went, the  food seems to be getting worse.  Its still pretty good but not overly special lately.
4	Went for the first time Friday night with my daughter and was very please despite mixed reviews. Yes, it is small and cramped. Yes, they need more servers but the 2 they had were great. The food makes up for all that. It is the BEST Asian food I have had since moving to Arizona 14 yrs ago. I cannot wait to go back!
1	I am incredibly surprised this place has a 4 star rating. I recently moved to the area and drive by here quite a bit so after checking yelp decided to give it a try on a random week night. It was pretty dead and the waitress was nice enough but completely forgot our appetizer, which we had to ask to have removed from our bill (we figured we wouldn't bother with it since we had already been served our entrees). I got the Singapore noodles with chicken and was incredibly disappointed. It was disgustingly salty, even after drenching it in Siracha I still couldn't eat it. My fiance got the Teppanyaki beef and yakisoba which was not in fact yakisoba (yea, I know the difference). Not every Asian noodle is the same people! He could at least stomach his meal. I ended up grabbing something at Fry's on our way home so I wouldn't go hungry for the evening.
4	WOW, really loved this place. Alot of places skimp on the shrimp, beef or chicken in noodle dishes and nope...not at this place. You get your $ worth and it's not expensive! Definately will be back and this place has beat a few other asian places i've been loyal too for years! Give it a shot!
2	Been here a dozen times and its always been just ok. This time I waited an hour for sushi! Pretty sure the waitress didn't ring in half our order. Sat here 20 minutes without water.  Spicy salmon roll was salmon roll with a dollop of sriacha on top? Only reason why I'm Giving it two stars and not one is because the live music was pretty good. Won't be back any time soon.
5	I really enjoy this spot. Everything is fresh and made to order. I get the chicken fried rice and add vegetables nearly every time. I have been known to eat the same thing week after week. This place is gotta good vibe to it as well. Enjoy!
5	I have lived in Gilbert for almost 10 years and I am so bummed that I only recently discovered Asia. This has become my new favorite place to eat, actually I have never had a favorite place. There have been places that I liked a lot, but never a favorite. I love the vibe, the owner John and all of the staff make you feel very welcome. The sushi is super fresh and delicious. I am working my way through the entire menu. It is really cool to have discovered palace that I can bring family and friends and business associates. If you do decide to visit Asia, don't be surprised if you see me. According to my credit card statement, I am there a lot.
4	I have only eaten here a few times but the sushi was good every time. I like the unique rolls from here and they come out quickly. They are a little bit on the pricey side, but the food is always great and the rolls are large. I would recommend this sushi spot.
4	Amazing place tucked away behind party city. Amazing food, great service. They serve sushi as well as Pan Asian cuisine. I tried the Singapore Noodle Curry today and was not disappointed! I will definitely go back here!
3	great waitress, but super slow service in the kitchen. It took forever to get our food and it wasn't even busy. probably won't go back.
5	Great find this place is very cool. Small but love the atmosphere, staff, food selection, wine selection. If your looking for a casual time out sit at the bar and watch the chef's Chef it up!!!
3	This review could have had a higher rating but heres what happened.  So I yelp a nearby place for lunch and this comes up but as noodles something or other which has 5 starts with 2 reviews.  I cant find it...do I call and its pan Asia...so I ask oh did you change the name? The girl says no I dont think so...any ways we decide to eat here and go in. The place was pretty empty, just another couple at the bar.  The waitress quickly comes over and gives us menus and drinks. So right on the top of the menu it says ...formally simply noodles?  I realize  that our waitress is the one who answered tbe phone. I asked about the special that was on the chalkboard and she turns to the other patron at the bar and asked him to explain it to me? It was some chicken over cucumber salad..so she adds..well I have only sold one of those so I don't know if its very good. Really? So I ask about some other dishes and end up ordering a shrimp and chicken curry noodle ..my husband orders a beef noodle dish ... both were delicious!                                         Neither dish was exactly as yge waitress discribed them. But honestly really good food. I love that I could've sat at the bar and watched the food being prepared.             What I dont love is families sitting at the bar with 4 teanagers.  So the bar area is cool for watching the chef...but it is a full bar. I mean 3 girls came in and sat at the bar telling the waitress that they have a party of 5. About 5 minutes later the parents come in with another young girl...but what if there were no parents? Either way. ..not cool.So 5 stars for the delicious food and the chef who knows the menu:) 3 stars for the quick waitress that literaly knows nothing about the menu or the restaurant itself.0 stars for allowing minors at the bar.
