2	It's with a heavy heart that I give the new Ben & Florentine a 2-star rating. I'm a huge fan of the Kirkland location & was very excited about this one opening just around the corner from me. I ordered the same dish I order every time (giant chicken melt), so I was going in with a good idea of how it should be. I know and anticipate every texture and flavor in that sandwich.Cons:- Sloppy/rushed execution (cheese not melted)- Proportions not respected (too much mayo - sloppy sandwich)- Over-ripened fruits were at the bottom of my pile. What, you thought I wouldn't notice??- Wait staff wasn't all the friendlyPros:- Service was quick- Location was cleanComments:Obviously, with the new location, everyone was still finding their groove. By the looks of how they coordinated themselves, I didn't feel confident that the place could push through customers on a busy day. Maybe they can and that's why they've already gotten in the habit of rushing meals. In any case, it wasn't what I was expecting and I'm willing to forgo the convenience of nearby location and do my breakfasting at the Kirkland location, where I can expect the consistent quality.To be fair, they'll get another try in 2-3 months.
1	We went to Ben & Florentines this morning and we will never darken their doors again.  We were asked if we wanted coffee almost as soon as we sat down and then waited ages to get it and then waited even longer to place our order.  My husband ordered  Eggs Bennedict, which he said he would never have again.  The muffin was burnt on the bottom and sauce looked like it has been around for a week.  I ordered 2 eggs poached with back bacon and a side of sausage and brown toast (which was right on the menu).  The waitress came with what was supposed to be my order and when I told her that what she brought was not back bacon and i had to argue with her. The sausages looked liked they had been cooked two weeks ahead.  Finally when I did finally get my meal,  the waitress said she was sorry but she did not know what back bacon was and it was the first time she had served it (maybe a little more training would help).  Toast was very cold with butter that would not sink in.  Now I know why Pettinos is so busy, with they're great food and much nicer atmosphere.
5	Party of 7. Everything was excellent. Very surprised by the previous reviews. I had the traditional Benedict, and it might be the best Benedict I've ever had. The eggs were a bright orange medium, which is obviously overcooked (though slightly) but the taste was so good that I could not send it back. 2 other Benedicts at the table were cooked the same way.Also has a large smoothie, which was also excellent. No complaints from anyone at the table, about anything. Despite one in our group making some odd requests, the server got it all right, and rolled with it in a friendly way. Based on this experience, I will definitely be back.
5	I'm very happy to revise this review and am sorry that I hadn't done it sooner. This location has indeed found their groove:- Portions & proportions are both in check- Fresh fruits are the standard- Service is A1I'm thrilled to have a B&F closer to home (though Kirkland wasn't really a big schlep).Bonus: West Island residents usually get a set of coupons for B&F in the mail on a monthly basis. It's in those cheque-sized booklets. Though the coupon is only valid M-F, more price-sensitive buyers can indulge in a smoothie or fancy coffee mid-week.
