5	Best dentist ever.  My husband and I go to him and have referred all of our friends who are equally impressed.  He is a perfectionist and will do whatever he can to make it perfect.  He is personable and always remembers the little things about you that you told him at the last appointment.  Staff is also great!!  Love this place.
5	Dr. Peifer and his staff are as good as it gets. I have been to many dentists offices but no one treats you as well as the staff there. They genuinely care about their patients. For example, after my first visit I received a personalized handwritten card from Dr.Peifer himself welcoming me to there office. Also, Dr. Peifer personally called me after I had some fillings done just to see how I was doing. That is service! Keep up the great work Breeze Dental! I can finally say I look forward to going to the dentist every 6 months!
5	My husband and I both have visited their office within the past month and have been pleased with their attentive service and friendly staff. Our new insurance pays for very little, but the prices here are reasonable. In fact, after calling around we found they were cheaper than most for crowns. Would highly recommend. Beautiful facility!
5	The staff here is amazing and Dr. Peifer is extremely hands on and personal with your file. I can tell he is passionate about his work and his patients happiness is very important to him. The girls that work here are so friendly and genuine. I would highly recommend this office and Dentist. Good ones are very hard to come by!
5	Best dentist I've ever had. He's very friendly, staff is always happy and I hardly have to wait. He does well with my 5 year old son and my son is now excited to go to the dentist. They even have a play area for him! don't care how far they are - I will only trust my smile to him!
5	This practice was recommended to me by a friend.  I had a broken tooth, was worked into the schedule on a days notice. The staff was friendly, efficient and Dr Jeff was very gentle and quickly diagnosed my issue.  I have to be referred out for a root canal, but when I'm ready I will be back to this practice for all my preventative care.They are fantastic! So glad I went
