5	I can not believe that I am the first person to review Mary!   My experience is a unique one, since I switched care givers at 28-30 weeks.  I wanted a more personal experience when giving birth.  Through a prenatal yoga class at At One Yoga, I met a friend who had used Mary with her first born.  I had my doubts about having a home birth.  But since my mom had my brother at home in the early 90s, I felt some comfort.  In hindsight, I can't believe that I questioned having a home birth -- IT WAS PERFECT!  Had it not been for Mary, who is completely in the moment and knows your body better than you could ever know it.  I had a 4 hour labor, no tearing because Mary made sure that it didn't happen -- I will never look at olive oil the same way again!  My daughter was born into a calm world with only the people who loved her, around her.  Because of my experience with Mary, I'm ready to get pregnant and do it again and again and again....But my husband is the challange!  Word of advice:  Interview the various mid-wives in the Phoenix area and then interview Mary.  You'll be left asking yourself, how could I not use Mary.
5	Mary is absolutely phenomenal! She has delivered 2 of my 3 babies! I cannot put into words how grateful I am to have found her 7 years ago! She makes the birthing process go so smoothly! If I was going to have more babies, she would be delivering them without a doubt! I love, love, love her!!!
5	I found beyond conception through an internet search in 2009.  I was not willing to go back to the hospital to deliver another baby.  Two of my kids before this experience were born at paradise Valley Hospital.  The entire experience was terrible.  I found Mary Henderson and was immediatly over joyed with her.  She is honest, upfront, and open to what I wanted to get out of my birthing experience.  Above all it was just so easy to talk to her and be around her.  My husband was a fan as well.  She was welcomed into our family with open arms.  I was not nervous at all.  I knew she had everything under control.  If you are ever considering having a home birth, Beyond Conception will put your mind at ease.  They are not about persuading you to have a home birth.  They are there to answer any questions and let you decide for yourself what is right for you and your family.Highly recommended!!We miss you Mary:) And we are so glad you are doing so well!
5	I loved my experience. I never felt rushed at appointments and our whole family was welcome. All of the reasons that would require transfer to the hospital were explained ahead of time so there would be no surprises. I was very happy with her manner during labor as well.
5	The women at Beyond Conception are amazing. They delivered both of our children. They went above and beyond what was expected. There were complications during the birth of our first born and they handled it very well. Mary, Jenny, and Amy made me feel stronger and more capable than I ever have before. They are extremely knowledgeable and informative. I could go on and on about how wonderful they are. They are truly amazing!
5	I found "Beyond Conception" way before the internet was invented, locating Mary by searching Arizona's listing of lay midwives. She attended to every need throughout my pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum period, and skillfully yet gently assisted with the delivery of my now 25-year-old son.  I enthusiastically recommend Mary and her team to anyone looking for a peaceful and gentle approach to their childbirth!!
5	There aren't enough words to explain how amazing Mary and her team are. After having my first baby in a hospital I realized quickly that I wanted a different experience with the rest of my babies. Mary delivered my 2nd, 3rd and 4th babies and I truly cherish the memories she helped us create. We moved to Flagstaff in the middle of my 3rd pregnancy but we loved Mary sooo much that we made the drive for each appointment and delivered our baby at a family member's house in Phoenix. We did the same with baby #4! Sometimes I want to have a fifth just to see Mary again! ;-) Trust me, if out of pocket expense is a deciding factor in choosing a hospital or home birth (with the BEST midwives around) PLEASE keep in mind that the financial aspect will quickly fade from your memories but the experience of a home birth is something you'll cherish for the rest of your lives!
5	Mary Henderson and her team are truly amazing. Mary delivered my husband 28 years ago, and now our son on August 9th! Our experience from start to finish was flawless...it was exactly what I've been dreaming about for years on how I wanted my first pregnancy to be. She also was my sisters midwife and will be apart of our family for years to come! I knew as soon as we entered her office she was perfect! Mary was walking around barefoot and gave us each a big hug...the energy in her office was so positive and we instantly knew she was what we've been looking for! Mary, Jenny, and Amy are real. We had Remy at 6:22pm and Mary didn't leave us till the next morning to make sure I was okay and my new little guy was too. I feel so blessed to have met Mary, Jenny, and Amy! They made my delivery the most positive and memorable experience! I will do an at home birth for the rest of my babies and will use Beyond Conception every time. They are the sweetest women that will make you feel comfortable throughout your entire pregnancy, and when it comes time to labor, you will feel safe and content with them with you by your side! If your thinking about having your baby at home, it will be the best decision of your life.
