2	Came here for a friend's birthday partyPros- The ambiance was very cool and relaxed- The place wasn't crowded even on a Saturday night downtown- Both my friend and I found super close parking. That has nothing to do with the resto, i know, but at least they're in an area with decent parking turnover.Cons- The cocktails had good intentions but a poor execution. Some were undrinkable- The wait staff was absurdly slow and noticeably inexperiencedNotes: The 2 things I care about: drink quality & service, were lacking so, despite any other perks this place has, it's not somewhere I see myself becoming a regular.
5	I did not do much drinking while in the restaurant, so I cannot comment on the drinks in a previous review.The restaurant has a very swank appearance and is something I found myself checking out every time I was in or around it.  The designers of this restaurant did a splendid job at mixing textures and colors to make this a highly stimulating location.There is a wine tasting area that uses a concept that I had not previously seen.  There are a number different wines that you can taste through an automated pouring system. You select the wine and the amount, use a card from the front desk and you are in business.The menu has a nice variety of items serving a variety of different palates. I ate here a number of times over several days and had a fantastic experience each time.The chef is clearly talented in his art.  The combinations he has put together work your pallet using savory and succulent themes. My experiences were memorable and will get me to return again on my next visit to the area.
1	Great if you love dishonesty, crass, playing grown-up, and a ritzy veneer of Y2K-era LED lighting seen in 'supper clubs' around town. I especially recommend their twelve dollar pints of canadian dive-bar beer. Drink em with your pinkies out.
2	Food was good (2 fish of the day - Salmon and an Angus burger).Cocktails didn't meet our expectations (Ballerina, Martini and bubbly).Very nice decor even though the clients weren't all "fitting".The service WAS BAD. Barely checked on us. Had to ask and ask for water and bread (server even commented how we drink a lot of water and then, how we eat lots of bread, well sorry we're Europeans). We asked for a wine recommendation - didn't know the card at all and was enable to recommend a white to go with the salmon, disappointing...Kind of lost, it was Evelyne.Fair prices but giving the service (only reason), I am not sure we'll be back.
2	Went for "mtl a table" Appitizer n main course tasted good. Dessert was not great. Worst thing is service. Waited forever between service and not so helpful.Good ambiance though.Ohhh I almost forgot.... All the food was at room temperature.
