5	A little island of sanity in the Scottsdale club scene! This small bar is located a few block east of Suede and has no cover (at the time). Furnished with a combination of tables an bar chairs and coffee tables and couches, it is a relaxing yet sophisticated. It has a rap for being too upscale, but it doesnt feel that way when your there. Its just not a meat market!! Lots of singles there, but its more of a laid back feel rather than high pressure selling (translation: expect to talk to lots of people, but leave your cheezeball lines at home)
4	The Crown Room is a destination bar. Chances are, you won't run across it during a night of club hoppin' in downtown Scottsdale. But that's OK. It's worth the search. Located next to NV Lounge and across the street from a bank, The Crown Room is an upscale lounge with a large martini menu. The drinks can sometimes be a little pricey, but try heading out on Thursdays when the bar hosts its ladies night. There's complimentary champagne and half-price martinis for the ladies. Be sure to try the mouth watering cookie dough martini if you're looking for something scrumptious.
5	The Crown Room really is a diamond in the rough.  Its location on the fringe of the Old Town nightlife scene keeps it nice and shielded except for those who want to come there.  (And it also brings a better clientele I think....no sequined tops from Express in sight.)  The decor is simple and understated with lovely glass flowers and dark corners.We arrived early and snagged a table which has no strings attached to it and is always a welcome thing.  The DJ was just setting up and kept great songs and mixes coming all night long.  Our waitress was kind of slow at times but she was the only one so it was to be expected.  My husband did try the cookie dough martini which he thought was "just ok and not that special."  I mean, when the main ingredient is cookie dough liqueur, and not some exotic concoction that makes it taste like cookie dough, you can't get all that excited.  Drinks were pricey for Scottsdale, more expensive than Six but not as expensive as Skybar.  It never got overly crowded and the crowd seemed to ebb and flow well throughout the night.  It's a great little lounge that I will be returning to often.
3	Sorry but I wasnt impressed with this bar.  I ran in with a friend on Friday night specifically so I could review it since I hadnt been in so long, and was actually pretty dissapointed.  The Goods:There was no line.There was a hot guy checking IDsIts decorated wellDJ played good music The Bads:The music was so loud my ears were burningEveryone in there was under 5'5 including men which bugs the SHIT out of meEveryone was at least 5 years older than me.  And even though I thought it was a little weird when a 21 year old hit on me at Six 15 minutes later, I like a little youth to my bar crowd...all 34+??  Cant handle that yet.  Even though we werent in there long, no one seemed that friendlyThe UGLYs:We didnt get one drink while we were in there because the bar area was packed and we couldnt even se the bartenders there were so many people seperating us from our goose and sodas.  THIS IS INSANE.  I'd give it another shot on a night thats maybe not so busy, but for now, I'll be spending my Fridays elsewhere.
4	This became one of my regular spots, after starting at Furio's.Stiff drinks = yummyIt's a good place to go to, to get away from the more well-known places like Six, Suede, PCL, etc....cuz let's be honest, those places are fun every once in awhile.....Don't stress...this place is kick back...check it out.
5	Crown Room is a gem among the Scottsdale clubs and bars. It's not in the main area of the clubs and bars, so it's a nice place when you want to getaway from that scene.I always appreciate places with no cover for men and women. Even though we got there after 11 pm on a Friday night, we had our pick of tables. Our waitresses were friendly, prompt and incredibly attentive. I'm not sure if that was because it wasn't overly crowded that night or they were just good waitresses, but either way it's always nice to have friendly service.  The ambience was chic yet casual.  The DJ that night was playing good music for the most part, mainly hip-hop with some house music thrown in for good measure.  My husband and I only had beer that night, so I can't comment too much on drink prices. My Stella Artois was $5 which is pretty standard at most places, so I appreciated that it wasn't more expensive at Crown Room just because we were in Scottsdale. I'm not sure how much Chris' Bud Light was, but I think it was around $3-4.  Bathrooms were unisex and single stalls which normally is a pet peeve of mine, but Crown Room has five bathrooms, so the single stall is acceptable.I could have done without the chick straddling her boyfriend and making out with him, but heck it wouldn't have been Scottsdale without it!  I will most definitely be returning to Crown Room in the future.
5	1st time here last night (finally)....and I like it - a mellow vibe, nice decor, friendly staff, nice patio, great drinks, chill music, and a stellar location (SW of Don and Charlie's - just look for the blue-light-pillars on the patio). Best to get here before 9pm on the weekends (if you want to sit down).A friend brought me here, and I am thankful to discover another chill place to hang and drink in Old Town. It does however get real busy on the weekends. ***UPDATE*** FYI - This place is always slammed on Monday nights!!!
4	I noticed that someone else who reviewed this spot mentioned a couple making out.  Well this must be the make out spot because we saw a couple having sex in the bathroom.  Bathrooms are single stalls, and the doors to the bathrooms are that frosty glass material so you can see the silhouette of whoever is in the bathroom.  So from the bar we clearly saw 2 silhouettes getting their freak on.  Music was good and the DJ mixed it up.  My hubby and I were able to get a spot at the bar and there was plenty of empty tables.  I'm not sure if this bar is normally quiet on Friday nights, the bartendar said that it wasn't typical for a Friday night, regardless it was a chill spot.  Stick to the beer unless you want to pay $10+ for mixed drinks.  Although mixed drinks are a bit pricey, they are really good! Check out this bar if you want a chill spot.
4	One of the few icons still holding to the old feel of Scottsdale.Scottsdale used to be full of cool lounges and most turned to crap.Crown room is one of the few chill out spots in the Stetson Block area.A little pricey but they have to pay rent. I would rather pay more then get cheap, etc.You get what you pay for, in this case a respectable environment with classy people.
3	I'm bummed out that they closed Downside Risk for this, but the decor is pretty nice I guess... kinda dark and swanky. There weren't very many people there when I went, but it's partially the location. It's more off the beaten path than Dirty Pretty, but similar I guess.The music is a strange mix of classic rock and new crap. The drinks were stiff. The service was good. When my father was still alive but dying of cancer, we used to go to Downside Risk to eat and drink. It was one of the few good memories I had of him. They had the most fantastic beer battered chicken fingers ever... it also felt larger than it does now. It's a new generation though - Downside Risk and Famous Door (now Lyte Lounge) were me and my older sister's generation.I can't say I'm a huge fan, but I'll give it another chance. Maybe it'll grow on me, but as a general rule I don't like places that have a door guy in a suit with a velvet rope out front. Plus, I tend to not end up at places where people are wearing Affliction shirts (and I saw one or two here).
4	this place is pretty interesting.  I love the decor and the glass panes in front of the bar and lounge seating is all kind of awesome.  the vip bathrooms are pretty tremendous as well.I have no idea really how good this place is but I went there with 4 blondes who had bottle service and there was a bachlorette party gettin freaky.  Automatic points for girl to guy ratio.  More clubs should strive for this. the world would be a better place.Nice waitress, dj was ok.  Still an awesome time.
5	I've loved this place for a long time; it's like my "Cheers". The staff are always welcoming and helpful and the drinks are stiff.They recently remodeled the seating area and outside patio. It's a really great lounge-type atmosphere for just hanging out with a few friends or having larger group parties. A nice place to spend time almost any night of the week.
4	this place is so much fun!small lounge atmosphere, but on fridays DJ Dave Matthias gets it going. Great drinks. Staff very professional and nice. Do wear nice-casual, no sandles for the men.There are alot of area to mingle, sit, and dance. Co-ed bathrooms are always very interesting.Fridays are the best!
4	When I used to live in Scottsdale, this wasn't necessarily one of my favorite places, but I didn't hate it. Well, after coming here last Friday (after not being here in over a year) I have to say I like this place more now for one reason....$5 WHATEVER YOU WANT Fridays (and this offer actually goes 'til last call)!!! Well, at least that's what the bouncer said (as far as the WHATEVER you want...the 'til last call part is a definite), but I'm sure if I would have asked for something top shelf I would have been told no. Heck, I didn't care though, I was drunk when I showed up here and my cheap vodka soda's suited me just fine!!! As far as the place itself, two things stand out for me. First, is the patio. I'm not a smoker, but it's fun to stand out there and people watch as drunks stumble (I mean literally trip, fall over in there Jimmy Choo's and eat dirt) from one bar to the next. The other thing is the unisex bathrooms, which is always a plus at a bar. I'm not sure what kind of deals (if any) they have on Saturdays, but the next time I'm in Scottsdale on a Friday I'll definitely stop here for a few drinks!!!
4	ahhh yes, the crown room-an oldie but a goodie.  I love the size of the club.  Not too overwhelmingly big like Myst.  It looks great since the makeover. Nice touch with the stripper poles...in fact it looks kind of like a strip club now lol.  It's nice coming here and not dealing with the lines like the W or American junkie where they keep lines on purpose to make people beg to get in.  Come on people have some dignity!!  Drinks are affordable and strong.  Sundays and Mondays are fun here!  You can usually get bottle service for a decent price too.
5	I love The Crown Room. I've had multiple wonderful experiences at Crown. The staff is laid back and they are pro's at what they do, as evidenced by good drinks :). I love that it doesn't have that club-y atmosphere like the rest of old town, and the music is different each night. There is plenty of lounge seating, and space to dance, as well as private bathrooms. All in all, its a good time at The Crown Room.
4	The Crown Room...went there for New Years Eve.  We checked in at Indigo with no particular destination in mind that night.  I figured everywhere was going to be packed.  We walked by a few neighboring bars and happened upon this place.  At first, I balked at the $10 cover, but the manager waved us in (point for CR).  The place was fairly dead and we almost left, but decided to stick it out.  Sure enough, as any good club should be, more patrons showed up as the later it got.  It was a nice mix of a good crowd but not too packed.  Drinks were a little pricey, but I don't mind paying a bit more if the environment is right.  CR did the trick for New Year's Eve.  I wish the DJ could stick with once song for longer than a verse, but this problem isn't confined to CR.  I'll be back.
4	The vibe and crowd at this place is awesome. It lacks the Scottsdale pretentiousness and the ridiculously douchey guys in their ed hardy's and affliction wear. Like another club close by, Dirty Pretty this place is a notch above mill ave but somehow is in the old town scene... cheers to diversity.Went here a couple weeks ago with a friend who had someone hook us up with a table... 2 bottles for $110 and with all the chasers everything came out to around $190. So we got grey goose, and we're thinking with our group of 6... plus a few more who came later that we would finish our bottles and move on to either DP or Cream. Mind you we were at the place at 11. Well... I think we forgot that it was the large bottles,and 3 hours later and 15 people we still were not done with the second bottle, we still had a quarter left. The dj's mix was good, people friendly, liked the different beer selection, and the manager was a nice guy. The only thing that we didn't like was the dj was not flexible with requests... lame! Oh and as much as I am a fan of unisex bathrooms, a norm at most gay clubs... with 4 bathrooms, and common sinks outside... and a line... it sucks ass! Makes for good conversations tho altho when you have to pee, you have to pee!!!I do have to mention, it's a lounge moreso a club because it lacks an actual dancefloor, basically the space where the entrance is and the door leading to the patio is their dancefloor. Overall, it's a fun place, and I'll definitely come back on my next old town club circuit.
4	Small trendy ultra lounge. Good mix of people, great drink specials for the location and a top quality dj. Not a bad place to hit up for a couple drinks during a nite out.
3	White Cosmo's.  All i'm sayin' ...well-not really ALL i'm saying but it should be enough to get you in the door to try one.  This bar has one of my top favorite drinks-and yes, it is their White Cosmopolitan. The atmosphere is usually pretty good but not always the most impressive.  I've never been disappointed by their DJ's though. I have found some awesome new music because of them-not always the same Top 40 remixes, on more than 3 occasions i have gone up to the DJ to ask what song it was and never heard of the artist and such.  I find that to be a great refreshment in the Scottsdale Club Scene.Other than that i have to give credit to the bartenders here. on a few occasions my girlfriends and I have gone in for our favorite cocktail (ladies-what is it???) and the bar will be kinda dead-they will always chat it up with us and keep us entertained while they can so that we can enjoy our drinks without feeling like we're in an empty bar.  Also-when it's packed-they are super efficient.  (Thumbs Up)
3	a glam dive bar....looks nice inside and some times they have good offers for girls.
5	As if it isnt obvious, I am a huge fan of the Crown Room. Honestly, my friends and I have had some epic nights there. I decided that I needed to write a little update on the Crown Room because this past weekend I learned something new about Crown. New you say? I mean, after 30-some check-ins what else could I have missed?The White Cosmo. Hello delicious :) This is a house recipe and a refreshing twist on the original. I couldn't tell you what exactly is in it...but its tasty without murdering your taste buds with sugar. And the dried cranberries are a nice touch too. Rumor has it that you get real cranberries around holiday time...Essentially, it is imperative that you take yourself up to Crown Room and try one. You will more than likely find me at the bar. Cheers :)
2	So i went back recently with a friend of mine on a not so busy night, which was fine by us considering we just wanted a place to have a good drink and hang out.  However something about Crown Room has changed and as we were both such big fans before, we were a bit disappointed...The White Cosmo's i raved about before are still just as tasty and delicious except now when they give you the shaker full of an extra martini, it's just the leftovers of your first one...a bit disappointing considering how much they charge for them.  Also, the staff was super unfriendly when we were there, and for not having very many patrons that night we expected a bit more courtesy.  I'm hoping it was just a mishap that night-however i've been told it's under new management, so i'm not too sure.Hope you all have better luck than i do lately!
5	Wow.  This place absolutely floored me.  It was October 2nd and and a group of 13 of us showed up by limosuine to celebrate my wife's 30th birthday.  I had spoken to a gentleman on the phone a few days before to reserve a table and he happily saved one for us--without even requiring bottle service!  When we arrived we were given corner seating with an innocent but inviting metal pole nearby.  Drinks were stiff and our server was patient and efficient.  It was relatively slow when we arrived and the DJ was thoughtful enough to base his volume level on the club population/vibe.  The music was superb for duration of our stay.  There is an outdoor fenced-off area for the smokers.  The bathrooms are co-ed and well-appointed.  We were on a strict schedule and had to leave to Devil's Martini for bottle service after only an hour and a half but most of us wished we could've stay longer.  I cannot wait to return!
5	Great bar in Old Town!!!  Always a fun crowd with an ultra lounge feel.  We like hangin' out on the patio.  LOTS of good memories at this place.
2	Used to be a great little spot. Definitely fell off in popularity.
