1	They're open 8:30-5:00 Monday - Friday, I know this only because I called and had to interrogate the receptionist.  Nearly asking for the hours was not enough.  When I arrived today at about 11:00 the lights were off, also it's located in a building with a different sign, I'm not actually sure how anyone finds this place.  When I walked in a gentleman doing nothing ignore me.  The receptionist who was with a customer didn't even look at over and no one bothered to turn the lights on.  I lasted about another 30 seconds before leaving.I won't be back.
1	Wow, I wish I saw Stacey's review before I made the 40 minute drive to this place. On their website, it shows them having an awesome inventory. The pictures look like they have some really nice desks here. I was specifically looking for some L-desks or U-desks. The site had a bunch listed. First of all, the place is really hard to find. The sign for the building says "Office Furniture Outlet". Only in the very small corner of their sign does it say "Corner Office". When I walked in, it looked like there was nobody working. It was completely empty. Then I looked towards the very back of the store and I saw two employees talking to each other. They were in a back office. One got up and looked at me. I assumed he was going to come over and talk to me to see if he could help. He sat right back down and continued talking to the other employee. The main showroom floor didn't have anything that I was looking for. No L-desks and no U-desks. There were two doors that took you to the warehouse floor, which was basically just a bunch of desks all over the place. Again, no quality desks like they showed on the website. By this time, I assumed someone would walk over to my girlfriend and I to see if they could help us find anything. Nope. We were probably there for a total of 5 minutes. Not once did anyone come over to see if we could be helped. Their website is very misleading with the type of desks that they have. They DO have a bunch of typical cheap desks and some cubicles. They probably have over a hundred filing cabinets and even more office chairs (not anything nice, just your typical cheap chair). Needless to say, do not go here expecting to find anything nice. And don't expect to be helped or greeted. I'll take my business elsewhere... (On a side note, there a bunch of office furniture stores around this one, so even though it was a 40 minute drive here, I was able to hit a couple different stores in that area before heading back home)
1	I'm with Andrew.  Someone suggested this place to me so I didn't even think to check Yelp.  Big mistake.  I walked in today which is the Friday before Labor Day but I thought "hey they're open so why not".  Walked around the "showroom" for a bit before I noticed double doors that said "showroom".  Showroom must be code word for "large extremely hot warehouse with dusty furniture".  I figured I was there so I would comb through what desks they had.  I actually found a couple of desks that would suit my purpose so I went in search of an employee to give me some pricing.  Keep me in mind up until now no one had ever approached me.I went back out to the front room and noticed the same back office mentioned in Andrew's review.  There were three guys sitting in the office talking while looking right at me and not moving a muscle.  I finally walked up to them to see if they could assist me.  They asked what I needed and I told them.While the pricing was decent I was so underwhelmed with the lack of enthusiasm shown towards me so far that I politely thanked them and left.  Not sure why a company like this is in business if they don't want to deal with the public.
1	The store employees were not helpful, and when the furniture we ordered was over 2 weeks late being delivered with no reasoning and plenty of lies telling us the truck was on its way was so frustrating. My business partner and I waited and waited and waited, cancelled appointments and waited some more.  We paid over $1500 for office desks and we finally after weeks of no delivery found out the owner didn't pay the vendor so our furniture wasn't being released to us.  I would NEVER  recommend to anybody this office furniture store to do business.
