5	I LOVE this place. Great great great food, friendly and cool atmosphere.  I had the "love boat" and steamed buns. Marvelous. "Pig wings" and "street noodles #2" excellent. Rush out and go to Noodlehead. And it's BYOB!  A real gem.
4	So far so good. Was so excited to see this place open! We had the steamed pork belly buns...very good with what looked like homemade pickles. I tried three different dishes all of which were delicious, the yellow curry noodles, the pork soup, and the street noodles 2. Everything was very fresh and the inside is really well decorated. My only complaint is that portion size seemed inconsistent. All noodles are $5 or $9. The two $9 dishes didn't seem equally as substantial.
5	Went for a lunch and had the 'Love Boat' soup and the Pork Belly Steamed Buns. Both were very full of flavor, not timid at all. The steamed buns had a great pork in it, very tender and flavorful. A fresh chopped herb, pickle, and sliced jalepeno topping accompanying the pork, which helped balance and brighten the overall taste. The soup was moderately spicy and heavy on the cilantro (I love it, but be warned if you don't). Plenty of meat and noodles, it was fairly hardy as far as asian soups go. I wish there was more broth, I could have drank a huge bowl of it. They could probably lose the chitlins they put on top. I like the idea, but they were a little bit chewy and not very flavorful. Overall, would get both again.I agree with the other review that said the portion sizes were a bit uneven. The more expensive dishes don't really seem to be proportionally sized. Overall, the portions are medium-sized. You won't be stuffed after you leave, but the two dishes I had kept me full until dinner.
3	What a change a remodel can make to the atmosphere! I was pleasantly surprised walking in here. Gone is the stuffy atmosphere and in it's place is a fresh and funky scene. I loved the modern take with lots of dark colors that make it feel intimate and cozy. With some good alt rock jams flowing through the place, I was into this place before I even got the meal!The menu is very simple with only a handful of choices. Not being an expert, I picked the thing that looked best to me, the Street Noodles #2 which was fried shrimp, bok choy and chili sauce for $9. I was happy to see plenty of crispy, fluffy fried shrimp. I was not happy to see how small the dish was for $9. Maybe it's my big American appetite getting the best of me, but i thought it was kinda small. Plus, for $9 I expected more. I think dropping it to $7.50 and keeping the size of the dish would be perfect. Or maybe tossing in more noodles and keeping it at $9. Spicy factor, just right for my lame non-spicy loving palate. Well, I love it, but I cry. It just gets messy, trust me!I like the fact that they have Boylans soda, because I love me some Boylan's Cream Soda! Plus, it's BYOB, so you can grab your fave bottle of vino to enjoy with your noodles. But remember to also grab the cash, because it's CASH ONLY!
4	We went to Noodlehead the other night as we drove by it and saw some reviews that said it was worth trying...and boy am I glad we did! The meal was really quite good. The pork bun appetizer was by FAR the best thing on the menu that we tried. It was soft, sweet, and delicious with some pickles as well. I also had the homemade iced tea which was outstanding. As for the main course, we ordered the Love Boat and the Street Noodles with the tempura shrimp. Both were alright. I'd say that the Love Boat was better, but maybe that is because it was a soup versus a noodle dish (you have the option of getting both). I ordered the Street Noodles as a 3 out of 5 spiciness, but it ended up being just a little bit too spicy for my taste.That all being said, it was just about as good, if not better, than most noodle places in Pittsburgh. They are new, but I'd definitely recommend giving them a shot! I know that I'll be returning many many times to try everything else on the menu (and to get some more pork buns!)
4	My hubster and I have been on the search for the sub $15 meal, and we have found it at Noodlehead! We like the new decor, and the friendly service. Best of all are the (relatively) lost cost, but delicious noodle dishes. Yes, they might be more than what you would pay at a divey place in Oakland, but here, you are paying for ambiance and the convenience of Shadyside.Veggie options are limited to the three $9 specials. However, they will also do the Chiang Mai noodles with tofu, so keep that in mind. The hubster had the Pad See Ew, which he said was very good, and I really enjoyed the Chiang Mai noodles. Not too spicy or peanuty. We'll definitely be back!
3	Nothing like a bowl of hot noodles on a cold day! And about time that a place like this has opened up! The wait wasn't bad - maybe 5 minutes - and they put us at a communal table where we shared the spot with a group of older women, who were funny and nice. I ordered the Love Boat. The portion was small-ish to me though that is probably for the best for portion control. My gripe is that there was cilantro mixed in in the broth though the menu did not state that there was any. Also we waited a bit for the check. I'll definitely come back for round 2, order some apps and request no cilantro! I think this place has potential 4 stars for me. Quick, cash only and BYOB.
4	You say "pork bun," I say "I'm there." Which is why I'm so happy to have gone to Noodlehead where they have the buns in the style made popular by Momofuku. Crisp pickles, cilantro, steamed bun, and pork belly. Granted, it's not THE best pork belly I've ever had, but it was really satisfying and pretty cheap for an order (which was two buns, not one).Now, you say "pad thai," and I say "I will eat any pad thai, but the best in Pittsburgh is still at Spice Island." That being said, it was still really good. I also tried a tempura shrimp and was immediately jealous, because it was perfectly fried. But, I stuck to my well-portioned Pad Thai and was happy it was just enough noodles, because I wouldn't have been able to stop eating it.My only disappointment about the food choices is that you're really limited if you're vegan or a vegetarian who doesn't eat shrimp. Tofu isn't an option for your protein, and for the same price to say "just leave off the meat" you should really get something in replacement.Noodlehead keeps their menu simple (and filled with delicious cilantro and lime), and their costs down, by saying these dishes are $6 or $9, here are some appetizers, here are some drinks, seat yourself, plastic chopsticks or utensils are at your table already, if you want beer or wine you bring it (.50 corkage per person), cash only.The space is beautiful still from when it was a more upscale restaurant (Typhoon), delightfully juxtaposed with picnic tables, well-loved cafe tables, noodle bar seating, and other various mis-matched tables. They played good music (Amy Winehouse for the duration of our meal), they staff was really nice, and it just made a great place for a date. A casual, low-pressure, intimate date.
4	Noodlehead is definitely one of the nicer places to go in the East End for a good meal under $20. Appetizers aside, the menu consists of tasty thai-styled noodles with your choice of chicken, beef, shrimp, or tofu (from mild to very spicy).  Basically, it's like a slightly edgier Thai version of PF Chang's (e.g., the shrimp are breaded and fried). I had the Street noodles #1 with shrimp and pork buns as an appetizer, which were not totally authentic, but delicious. There are a few non-alcoholic drinks, but it's BYOB. The atmosphere is warm and visually interesting, good for a causal dinner with friends or a date. I hope that this place makes it. It's a great addition to the Highland Ave/Penn Circle set of restaurants.
4	A friend and I came into Noodlehead tonight after hearing rave reviews from other friends and, as many cold winter nights approach the Burgh,  it may be my new favorite place in Shadyside.  We shared the Sweet & Spicy Pig Wings to start, which were a bit spicy, a bit sweet, very tender, and finished with cilantro and green onions.  Delicious.  Next, at the suggestion of our server, I had the Slow Cooked Beef.  Again, delicious.  The broth was sweet and extremely flavorful.  There was garlic, spice, and cilantro in addition to the tender cubes of beef in every bite.  I ordered it to be a 3 and was happy with the spice although I am admittedly a bit of a wuss.  My friend had the Sukothai and Loveboat and was pleased with both.  She thought that the dishes could use more spice (and she ordered them at a 5) but she's pretty hard core.  I can't wait to go back to Noodlehead to try everything that I didn't have on the menu.  It's inexpensive, delicious, and $0.50/person for BYOB.
5	Great addition to S. Highland! My husband and I were extremely impressed by the dishes and the atmosphere inside. We had a slight wait, arriving around 7 on a Friday night, but we're happy to seemly beat a greater rush. We started with the pork buns and despite being non-traditional, we thought they were the best we've had in Pittsburgh and loved the cucumber crunch. I had he pad Thai and he had a fat noodle dish with tofu and we both wiped our plates clean. The medium spiciness may be a bit mild for some, as it was perfect for someone like me who only likes a small kick. The prices were also a highlight, only $9 per entree and we will definitely partake in the BYOB next time! We will be back!
3	I came around 6:30 on a Friday night with two friends and there was no wait. It is seat yourself, which is great in concept but I was a little turned off by my server coming to spray and wipe my table after we had already sat down. Our server was pretty abrupt - I asked her for her recommendation for a noodle and she went on to impatiently recite, word for word, what was written on the menu. Not helpful. Someone at the next table over asked about the two different kinds of hot sauces on the table and she blurted "you try" before spinning on her heels and leaving.The wait for food was a little long but reasonable. I tried the Steamed roasted pork buns and the Sokuthai, which were both really good. The other two in my party weren't so impressed by their choices, however. One said "I could get a bigger tastier serving for less elsewhere" and the other left hungry despite sharing an appetizer and having a $9 noodle because he has a typical guy appetite and the servings are a bit smaller than other comparable places.I would come back for a meal during off-peak hours but the food and the service did not merit the growing line out the door as we left.
5	OH YES, what a find!  This place is legit!  A very small menu but everything on it is delicious (unlike some places with huge menus and very hit or miss dishes!).  We started with the PORK BUNS and the first bite into that lovely fresh bun and they won the stamp of approval from this Chinese girl!  We had both the smaller noodles ---SOKUTHAI and LOVE BOAT which were both extremely tasty and flavorful.  We had the CHIANG MAI CURRY noodles which has crunch noodles on the top and a rich curry broth.  Spice can range from 0-5 for all the noodles.The service was quick and attentive.  The atmosphere good for all needs---a quick bite in, an intimate date, or a group of friends.  Nice and full on a Monday night, I have a feeling this place is going to take off so get a seat now!  We will definitely be back as I am already craving for the next bowl.
3	I had the loveboat which was just ok. Broth was over seasoned and flank steak tasteless. I was expecting a beautiful rich pork broth that can stand on its own, but had something that resembled pre packaged ramen. The prices are good, but like other reviews, portions are small, which is ok with me. Pork belly bun did not have pork belly, but rather roast pork ( shoulder?)  which did have a nice flavor/texture. My partner had street noodle #2, which tasted like someone poured a bottle of sweet chili sauce and tossed some fried shrimp on top. This place will probably do good because of near by college crowd, but for someone looking for a legit noodle place that resembles the likes of momofuku, don't bother. I personally like their other restaurant better, pusadee's garden.
4	I had a good experience at Noodlehead recently.  It was a study meeting with a classmate from CMU.  I ordered the Phad See Ew with Tofu at a five star spiciness and she ordered the Phad Thai at three stars with shrimp.  There was seating available and we were acknowledged an seated right away.  The waitress had to ask and affirm our order three times before she gave it to the kitchen (she was nice but I expect she was new).  The cost was pretty good in Pittsburgh standards, under $10 per entree.  The food was served relatively quickly, perhaps 15-20 minutes after we ordered.  The five star spiciness was short of the extremely hot moniker they gave the food (note that they advertised four stars as Thai Spicy).  I would have given the meal a three star spicy rating in Seattle, as I didn't even break a sweat (so considerably less spicy that what I would expect from their rating system.)  Even so, the flavor profile was very good and the noodles were well done with a good amount of fresh veggies (napa cabbage and broccoli).  The portions were a good size as well.  I was temped to pack half of the entree for lunch the next day.I Pittsburgh this is a four star experience.  I would have rated it at three stars if it were in any of the major cities on the west coast.  I will definitely return - consistency will determine whether it gets bumped up to a 'Pittsburgh' five or downgraded to a three.
5	I'm SO PUMPED about Noodlehead! Let's get the high points right out there: tasty, cheap, adorable atmosphere, great service. Oh, and it's a BYO! Woot woot!I hit this place up on a Sunday evening with 2 friends. I had the Phad See Ew with chicken with 1 star of spiciness (you can order it up to level 5). One thing I noticed right away was the serving size: NORMAL. Like not "I'm a huge fatso" size. Just right for one person to actually eat the whole thing and not feel disgustingly overfull. And this is a good thing, because it was DE-LICIOUS, so you are going to eat it all. Very fresh, not drowning in oil, yummy-fabulous. I paired it with the lemongrass honey iced tea which was tart and sweet and crisp. Excellent.Both of my tablemates had the Chiang Mai Curry with tofu (you can select your meat: chicken, tofu, shrimp) which was also yummy--kind of made me wish I could have ordered both!The menu is definitely restricted: about 4 appetizers, 3 small noodle plates, and maybe 6 entree sized noodle plates. This makes me happy: I'd much rather see a small menu of excellent food than one that's like an encyclopedia of culinary crap.I'll definitely be hitting Noodlehead up again: the prices are incredible ($6-$12) and the food is great, so this will easily become a regular on my list!!
4	Really torn between a 3.5 and 4 star review!!  Super cute space and yummy flavors, but the menu is pretty limited and the portions are on the smaller side.Overall I felt like the dishes had really nice strong flavors.  I was able to try the Chiang Mai Noodles and the Street Style Noodles #1.Chiang Mai Noodles - sort of a curry base with noodles.  Definitely my top pick!Street Style Noodles#1 - noodles with really deliciously fried chicken.  You also get quite a bit of chicken.  So even though I felt like the portion was a little small, it's actually really filling!   My main complaint with this dish is that the sauce was a little too sweet in my opinion.  The sauce is a good balance with the fried chicken, but there was just a little too much of it.
5	Loved the ambience and the environment. We were 4 in a group, ordered 4 varieties of noodles, and everyone was very satisfied with their dish. I ordered the street noodles 1, was a bit more spicy than I expected (at level 4, their ratings are on 5), but the thai style chicken in the noodles tasted delicious. A new favorite is the kee mao, excellent flat noodles, basil and bok choy. Another tasty dish is the chiang mai curry.Overall I loved it, its good for the cost, would go there again!
1	A little yucky.We had 4 different dishes...underwhelmed.Such promise : (
5	I love the concept and the execution. They only offer a small handful of noodle soups and dishes, and they're all the better for it. Everything is delicious and you just pick what you're (most) in the mood for. The prices are perfect for what you get, and you walk away feeling great. We stopped by on a Friday afternoon for a late-ish lunch (2pm), and most other places we looked up were not yet open. The staff was super friendly, the food came out quickly. What more could you ask for if you like thai noodles. Authentic? Don't know. Don't care. Yum. Please come to Philly!
4	This place deserves 4.5 stars, but I can't round it up to 5 just yet!Four of us met for dinner on a Saturday at 6PM and waited about 5 minutes for a table to open up.  I absolutely loved the atmosphere, with the wooden tables and bar seating at the window.  We were handed menus and a bottle of water appeared at our table.  Having our own bottle of water was great for the spicy dishes!We brought a bottle of wine; it's BYOB and corkage is only $0.50 per person! Awesome. The menu is small, but they had 3 vegetarian options for noodles and I opted for the tofu pad thai.  I went for no spice, and the fiancee got it at spice level 3.  His biggest compliment about the food was that with this dish, unlike many other pad thais around Pittsburgh, the spice level you order actually corresponds to what you expect! Finally!  I thought the dish was a good size for the price.  The tofu was cooked perfectly and there was plenty of it.I really wish they had a vegetarian appetizer, and I also with they did take-out.  Cash only too.  Highly recommended.
4	I've been back a handful of times since my initial review and can confidently bump Noodlehead to four stars as I was hoping to do so. After making sure that there is no cilantro in my dishes things have been peachy keen.For snacks, I always order the pork belly steam buns (there are two). Two just aren't enough and you'll be wanting more. Thai fried chicken is another one of those salty satisfying bites too. The garlic-nam pla chicken (quantity of four) was tasty as well and had a sweet savory dipping sauce though I prefer the thai fried chicken. Be careful as they are extremely hot straight out from the kitchen!Green curry linguine is heavier than some of the other dishes but great flavor there too. I was surprised though that the clams were in little chopped pieces as oppose to being whole. I was wondering where they were then realized they were about the size of a peppercorn.Also if you order Kee Mao with shrimp they definitely don't skimp on that. Fried shrimp overload!I do wish though that there were more veggies overall in their dishes.Noodlehead has become a staple on my list!
3	The awesome pros: CHEAP - entrees for 9 bucks and under.BYOB - only 50 cents a person!  You can't find a cheaper BYOB anywhere in the city; trust me!Trendy atmosphere and quick service.Pad Thai was super-peanuty, which is just the way I like it.The limited cons:Cash only, no biggie, but just something to note.Parking can be a slight PITA on South Highland.  I recommend parking on Alder and walking up.Limited menu.  All the basics are there, though.Overall, enjoyable experience and will be back.  As far as Thai food is concerned, I do think there are better places in the city.  If you are looking for an inexpensive date night, Noodlehead is a great option.
3	Took my girlfriend there for a little date night this past Friday. The prices are very easy on the wallet. For those who don't know, this is a Thai restaurant. I ordered the Street Noodle #1 and my girlfriend had the Pad Thai. I was actually surprised at how well it tasted for the price. My date enjoyed her Pad Thai. The food is very good though their menu isn't as versatile as say, Thai Cuisine in Bloomfield or Nicky's Thai Kitchen on the North Side. For the price though, Noodlehead is an absolute deal. The restaurant has a trendy feel to it. It is cash only so beware. I had to hit the ATM in the rain. It is also BYOB. They only charge .50cents a person so that's pretty cheap, in line with their menu prices. Overall, the food was tasty, the bill was cheap so there's not too much to complain about at all. Perfect for a cheap date night. I do feel that if you're looking for dining experience to taste the best Thai food around, one of the other 2 options I mentioned will be better...but more expensive.http://noodleheadpgh.com/
4	What a wonderful place!  So it's not like Thai food is very hard to come by around here, but it is always nice to have a restaurant like this in Shadyside.  The first thing you'll notice when you walk in is the decor: dimly lit, modernized, wood accents galore...cozy and cool.  The service was relatively prompt and friendly.  Regarding the menu, while not extensive, it has the essentials.  Being the Pad Thai fan that I am, I ordered up some Tofu Pad Thai and was impressed when it came out: hot, fresh and spiced to my requested level.  What makes this place unique in my eyes, however, are all the great beverage options on the menu!  Mexican coke?  Yep, so good.  Overall, a great meal that did not leave a dent in the wallet.I'm docking a star because it's cash only.  Seriously, let a dude earn some miles.
4	As several other reviewers have already said, the menu is not extensive, but the staples are there and vegetarians are not forgotten.  The dining room is casual and cozy.  We were a little surprised that they did not have any hot beverages (coffee house is right next door if it's a cold day) or the standard soft drinks, but at the end of the day water is best for you, so maybe we should give them credit for keeping us away from all that caffeine.  We started with the garlic chicken wings and shared chicken pad thai and chiang mai curry.  We both like a little spice and ordered our entrees at 3 (1- no spice ; 5 - crazy hot) and both were prepared just right.  Quantities were more than adequate but not glutinous.  This is a really nice Thai experience that's worth a visit if you're roaming near Shadyside.
4	In terms of location - this is the old typhoon and/or kanok. But once you step inside - it's a total change - architecturally, it's a fine mixture of rustic and modern design. Very Casual environment.The menu is limited but very reasonably priced. Some of the dishes are similar to Pusadee Garden but none the less amazingly good. We had the bun thingy along with the suko thai and the love boat. It reminded me of the great food I had in the streets of Bangkok.Yet another highly recommended BYOB Thai restaurant in the burgh.
5	I've tried 4 different dishes at this place so far, and all have been very good, but my favorites are the Street Noodles (both #1 & #2). I work down the street and this is a great place to grab lunch fairly quickly (they do do take out if you walk in and order, they have no phone, but my food was ready in less than 10 min) that's reasonably priced & I always have leftovers for the next day. (portions aren't ridiculously huge, but as a average-sized female, i have leftovers) They have some counter top seating as well, so you don't feel as awkward if you are eating alone. The inside is hip and has a cool vibe too it. The servers have always been nice.One of my favorite things about Noodlehead is the dishes always taste super fresh. It's one of the freshest tasting Thai places that I have eaten at in Pittsburgh. They also have some of the best fried chicken I have had. It's light and juicy, while being perfectly crispy at the same time. It's addicting! You can order some as an app, or it's available in some of the dishes (Street Noodle #1 I know of for sure)It's BYOB as others have mentioned, and it's cash only. There's a generic ATM across the street however.Such a great addition to S Highland Ave, this is a place I continue to visit frequently.
5	Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in Shadyside! My boyfriend and I have probably been there a dozen times since it's opened and every time the food is consistent and delicious! The atmosphere is very relaxed and the prices are inexpensive so we go for lunch on the weekends often. Its also nice for a casual date with friends since it is BYOB! You can't go wrong with the classic Pad Thai dish, but our favorite is the See Ew!
5	As college students my girlfriend and I are always looking for affordable food that isn't cheap or greasy. As huge fans of Lu Lu's Noodles, we wanted to find another option for great cheap Asian noodles. After 15 minutes of yelp searching, immediately taken by their website and the simplicity we decided to venture out to Shadyside to check the place out. We went a little early, around 5 and seated ourselves. The place reminded me of a nice little place on the Lower East Side of NYC.We started with the Pork Buns which were delicious, especially with a little of the chili sauce. My girlfriend got the Pad See Eew which was one of the best we'd ever had and I got the Chiang Mai Curry, which was sweet and spicy and plenty filling. Everything was under $10 and delicious. The only downside was some of the seating and low tables were a bit awkward, but the food is worth it. Its also a BYOB restaurant which is awesome, but we just had water. Great food for 2, for under $30.
5	Oh, I think I like it!I convinced my friends to come here for my halfsies (my half-birthday.  Yes I celebrate it, don't hate).  Noodles and BYOB?  Didn't take much coercion.  If you do not like spicy food, this might not work for you.  I typically go for the 4-5 on the 10 point Thai food spice scale.  Noodlehead uses a 1-5 point scale.  The one here, is a 5 elsewhere, according to my tastebuds.  Thank goodness the waiter explained all of this or else who knows what would have happened!Noodlehead boasts a very simple menu.  We ordered pork belly steamed buns, Thai fried chicken, Pad Thai,and Chiang Mai Curry-- all were amazing!Know before you go: there is community seating (I'm sure the group next to us hated our conversation), it's BYOB (didn't even notice the fee, it was so nominal) and it's CASH-only (there's an ATM across the streets so ain't no thang).If you're wondering if you should go- I offer a supportive "YES!"
4	Everthing here was delish. The resturant was cool and minimal. It's byob with cool glass bottle sodas. We brought a 6 pack of Stella which paired well with the spicy flavors we enjoyed. We chose a level 2 on the 1-5 chart for everthing, which was still pretty spicy.We started with the belly buns, pig wings and Thai fried chicken. The belly buns were wonderful and flavorful. Soft buns with awesome pork balanced with clean crisp radish. The pork wings were great to spicy sweet tender the are worth going back. The Thai chicken was good but couldn't compete with the more flavorful dishes.We had the loveboat soup, which was the most spicy dish of the night. The thin spicy broth and thin rice noodles with ample veggies is the type of soup that builds in heat as you eat but is too good to put down.We moved on to the street noodle 1, chaing mai curry, and the yee saw. Street noodle 1, with its generous portion of Thai fried chicken was clean and spicy. The chaing mai was my favorite dish of the night. The tender chicken and twisting noodle were lovingly drenched in a warmingly hot, creamy delish yellow curry sauce. The yee saw was very good spicy sweet and I loved the big chewy noodles.I would say this place with its great atmosphere, great food, and great service is a great date spot. The above meal ran 70.00 but the portions were large and easy to share. As far as beer I would suggest stay away from IPA'S and Stouts. Any clean belgain or American lager, euro pilsner or even a light corona would work well.
5	We're in love with Noodlehead. The price is right, portions are perfect, and the food is fresh and consistent. We've had nearly every dish on their slightly small menu - you really can't go wrong. Warning for groups: it is difficult to snag a table for 3+ people after 7pm on the weekends. While there's always a wait for groups in the evenings, couples don't seem to have to wait long (if at all) getting a table for two. As most have mentioned, the spice level is much more intense than your average Pittsburgh Thai place. We order on the low end (2) then add their chili sauce to kick it up if necessary.Service is great. Cash only. You can get take out, but have to order there and wait for it (no phone number). Our opinion, a nice IPA is a perfect compliment to their menu. Enjoy!
3	Me and my wife were in the mood for something different and we wanted to try out Noodlehead.  We thought we were in for something different and different we got.  The place is a small neighboorhood place which was decorated sparsely in a modern theme.  First of all we came there for lunch, just a fair warning there are no lunchtime pricing.  It is all one price and that is all there is.  Also bring cash because cash isn't only king there it's the only show.  No need to ask for Debit or Credit neither one applies here.Seating reminds me of a sardine can with everyone squished together.  Plus forget chairs with backs on them nope better enjoy stools. The waiting staff was terrible.  She didn't explain what the sauces we on this table and to this day I still wonder what they were.  We asked for more napkins and they sullenly arrived like each one was 10 dollars out of her paycheck.We tried the two street noodle dishes one was Thai fried chicken.  This dish I found to be overly watery the noodles were meh and the dish was alright and spicy.The other one their best dish was really delicious noodles with wonderful shrimp tempura.  This is your best bet.Spiciness, now we asked for a 1 on a scale of 1 to 5 and it was to me like a 3.  Everything was spicy.  I mean even dumplings were all spicy.  Now there's those that really like it spicy, you'll have a great time here.  For myself if I say one, well give me a dash of spice and leave it at that.  No need to burn my tongue off at a 1.  On the positive from this I drank more water that day than I did the rest of the week.Overall I give it a 3/5 something that was to try.
4	I am so happy to find this place, totally helped me with my homesick of the street food back home. I love their Street Noodle #1 and the love boat. They use very authentic spices and ingredients which make the dishes taste great. And when they say it is Thai hot, they mean it. The atmosphere is relaxed and I have no problem finding tables every time I go there.Only bummer is cash only and hard to find parking, but their food is so great I am willing to go through the trouble to go there and eat.
5	Awesome meal!  The menu is small (maybe 10-12 dishes) but the food is great.  I had the street noodles with crispy chicken and can't wait to go back and have it again.  We went on a Thursday night , did not have to wait for a table and had great service.  Would go again - for sure!!
5	Got the street noodles #1, pork belly buns. Good price, good portions, good atmosphere. Food was delicious.Also, you seat yourself, and it's cash only.
5	Great food great value, only downside is the seating is limited but you can't fault a great place for being packed.Make sure to BYOB
5	I am completely in love with Noodlehead!!!  After reading reviews about this Thai street food restaurant in Shadyside, I got up early one Saturday, and took myself there for lunch.  I got there at 12:15, shortly after they opened.  It is a wonderfully relaxed, seat yourself, BYOB, CASH ONLY place.  And the food....ooooooh the foooooood....I got the pork belly steamed buns, which I could live on, honestly.  Absolutely amazing.  I tried the Sukothai, a soup on their "snack" menu.  Wonderful stuff.  And although I should have stopped there, and I didn't realize those two items would be a perfect meal, I also ordered the Street Noodles #2, which was also completely yum.  I got enough food for 2 meals for $22!!!   I have been telling everyone I know to check this place out.  A place this wonderful just further proves to me that Pittsburgh is becoming a foodie town.A couple things to keep in mind:- it is cash only, but there are 3 atms in a 2 block radius.- Being Shadyside, it is on street metered parking, and I recommend leaving S. Highland Street for a side street and walking a block or two.  Don't forget your quarters.
4	Amazing food! Beware: the spice ratings are authentic. The food is so delicious. Hooray.
5	I was super sad when my neighborhood Thai spot, Kanok, closed its doors. I hadn't been able to get over to Noodlehead after moving, but now that I have...I'm actually mad that such an amazing place opened after I left Highland!I went with a group and tried a good number of dishes. The menu is small, but it allows them to execute everything to perfection. It was obvious that their noodles were homemade. If they're not, then I want to know where they are getting noodles of this caliber of freshness from, because they're amazing. All my friends' $9 dishes were tasty with large portions--the Pad Thai, See Ew, Chang Mai Curry, and Street Noodle #2. Basically, you can't go wrong with anything here.I went with one of the $6 "snack" noodles, the Sukothai, and it was easily my favorite. I find most soups to be boring, but their spicy lime broth was rich with deep flavors. Spice level 4 seemed tame at first, but as I ate more of the soup it developed a slow burn that got my nose running. Along with the noodles, it was packed with deliciously seasoned ground pork, chopped green beans, bean sprouts, and a hardboiled egg. The pork belly steamed buns are also a must have. One bun and a "snack" noodle filled me up, though I wasn't starving since I had a chai next door at Oh Yeah while we waited to get in here.There were some not-so-good things:1. We were quoted a 20-30 minute wait, and ended up having to wait a little over an hour for a table.2. Our waitress was kind of snobby and totally unhelpful. I asked which of two dishes she preferred and she wouldn't give me a suggestion because "they're not similar at all" (well duh, I read the ingredients). She also gave us a weird lecture about pork belly as if we didn't know what it was or something. It was really busy though, so I'll give her bitchiness the benefit of the doubt...3. Cash only doesn't vibe with the trendy atmosphere here at all.4. No desserts, also kind of strange. Even just one dessert and one sorbet would be good.The not-so-good things were pretty minor though and outweighed by the outstanding food, and the fact that I'm already craving more Sukothai noodle soup two days after eating here...I can't give it any less than a perfect score!
2	I found the food to be a little on the greasy side. For whatever reason the skin of my chicken was coming off and it just was odd. For the price you could do better. Actually I've been to plenty of cheaper place with much better AUTHENTIC prepared Asian-Fusion.
4	Pork belly buns are the best thing on the menu...i could eat several those!Thai fried chicken appetizer was also really tasty and crisp, but its the same chicken that is on the street noodle #1 so if you are going to get that its a little repetitive.Chiang mai noodles spice level 5 was great!  I think the noodle choice was a little wrong b/c I feel they just dont' go with it, but overall the broth was really good.Give it a try!Service sucks though.
4	I've been twice.  Their menu is short, so not many choices, but everything I've had there has been good.  Prices are reasonable.  The ambiance is nice.  I recommend the pork buns appetizer and the pad thai.  I like my food spicier than most people, and ordered at a spiciness level of 3 out of 5 thinking that would be conservative, but I found even that to be too hot - hard to taste the food; I'm going to try 1 or 2 next time. (I wrote the above 6 months ago. I've since been back and tried spiciness levels 1 and 2. I prefer level 1.)The first time I went, the service was quick; the second time (got there Wednesday 6:15) the service was sluggish toward the end of the meal as they filled up.cash only, BYOB.
5	I loved this place. Everything on the small menu was excellent. The pork belly appetizers were amazing. The noodle dishes were delectable. The ambiance was hip. Can't go wrong for lunch or dinner.
1	I tried this place last week. The food was good but the portion was a little small. The seating was kind of uncomfortably low and the tables were really small. My friend and I couldn't finish our food, so we asked for Togo boxes, at first he said we were not allowed to togo our dishes, then when we started to get upset, he went to the kitchen and gave us a couple of containers. After we packed our food, we got the bill and saw that they charged us for each togo box. This restaurant has absolutely ridiculous policies.
5	This place is really great.  Have been there 5 times and tried almost everything on the menu.  All appetizers are excellent - pork buns, pig wings (little pork ribs,) and thai fried chicken!  My only gripe is many dishes are a bit too spicy for my taste.  But there is something for everyone and the atmosphere is wonderful.
1	Why do people like BYOB? That's like saying here you do our job for us. Saw the great reviews figured I'd give it a try. I love asian fusion places and this thai inspired place looked great. Plus it was right next to Oh Yeah Ice cream, and you know I love my ice cream.So we walked in waited for a couple minutes and realized there was no hostess. I saw the sign that said cash only and had to leave to hit up the ATM! It's the 21st century! Time to upgrade and get a credit card reader. When I came back in we were seated immediately only to find out i was going to sit on a tiny wooden stool for up to an hour while my friend got to sit on a comfy couch? I get theres an ambiance and eclectic design they were trying to have but jeez, at least give me the option of a more comfortable chair while I dine.The 2 waiters over there looked swamped. They need busboys/ hostesses. It's ridiculous to have 2 waiters do all that work especially for dinner. The menu as indicated was very short which isn't a problem but when all the option look the same and just variations of the other ones there really isn't much to eat. I got the pork buns which were great. Soft and savory with a slight hint of sweet. I also got the soup which was very good as well. I liked the hot and spicy effects with the cool broth and delicious chips on the side. For the main course my friend got sew yew which looked nothing like the description but it was basically beef chow fun. Tasty but a little too much pepper if you ask me. I got street noodles #1 at a hot level of 3 and the guy warned me that that was very very hot. I obliged saying I could take the heat. When our meal came out I was immediately turned off just by the smell. It smelled like old leather boots and when you bit into the noodles they tasted of nasty rank vegetables. They needed soy sauce or sweet sauce to calm the food down.  Now I can eat anything. You can ask my friends but I eat everything under the sun. This is the first dish ever that I simply had to push away and could not eat. I told the waiter it was bad and his response was "well other people eat it" asked if I would like anything else but I simply could not eat anything else. Even when he removed the dish the smell lingered and I was grossed out. The waiter came back cleaned off our dishes and let us sit there for another 10 minutes. Why didn't he just bring us the check? When he did return he did not charge me for my meal which i did not eat. I put my money down and we sat for another 10 minutes. I waited for my date to use the bathroom and she said someone had left a green mess in the toilet that no one cleaned which grossed me even more out. I will not be returning. The service is too slow, cash only and BYOB is BS, no parking (plus the bridge is out) and the food was marginal with that one dish being simply disgusting.
5	So, Thai food is my jam if that makes sense at all. I've eaten at a lot of places in Pittsburgh, but Noodlehead takes the cake. The only downfall is that the menu is limited but they definitely make up for it with quality of awesomeness. The overall atmosphere reminds me of an old Chipotle, but it's simple and that's what I enjoyed the most. They're not confused with their brand trying to make it like a "fancy, Chinese restaurant". I always get the Pork Belly Steamed Buns (without cilantro because I think cilantro is made from Satan's feces) and chicken Pad Thai - medium spice. The portion size is generous so be prepared to eat too much or you know, just take some home. I've been there almost every weekend for the past month and honestly wish I could go everyday. Everyone there is super nice and actually enjoy working there so that's a definite plus. Make sure to have cash because well, it's cash only. There are a few ATM's within walking distance just in case you forget.If you haven't gone already, go and eat enough for me, too.
5	Street noodle #1 was delicious. Can't wait to go back!
4	Noodle-oriented Thai place in Shadyside.  Went there for the first time last night with my girlfriend and a mutual friend who'd raved about the place.It has a limited menu, which is honestly the only criticism I can level.  Service was swift and efficient, and our food arrived very quickly -- and said food was delicious.  At our table, we had an order of the pork belly steamed buns, kee mao, pad thai, and "street noodle 1", and all of it was great.  I'm definitely going back; they may yet earn that fifth star from me.Just be warned, their spice scale is NOT fucking around.  At most Thai places, I ask for a spice level in the 5-6 range (out of 10).  Noodlehead uses a 5-point scale; I asked for a 2 ("medium"), and that was right at the limit of what I could handle.  Unless you're a fire-breather and you know it, play it conservative on your first visit.
3	The menu is pretty limited for vegetarians. I went here because of my friends' raving reviews and found it to be slightly disappointing.  The portions were large and the food wasn't bad either, It just wasn't as good as everyone made it out to be.  Then again, we only had the vegetarian options, I'm sure the meat noodle dishes are different. The service here was pretty good, the waiter was really nice and the food came out incredibly fast.
4	When I first walked into this restaurant, I was pretty concerned -- the place looked hypermodern, hip, and just screamed "I spend way too much time on my looks and not nearly enough on my food".  Fortunately for me, that impression was way off; Noodlehead serves up a small but incredibly competent menu of some of the most authentic Thai noodle dishes I've had in Pittsburgh.  Color me pleasantly surprised!Unlike most Asian places I've been to in Pittsburgh, Noodlehead knows its core competency, nails it, and never apologizes for it.  This is a welcome change -- most supposedly Asian restaurants in the area don't (at least in my humble judgment) seem to *have* a core competency to speak of (or are very confused about what said competency is, to say the least).  At Noodlehead, it's noodles, noodles, and more noodles.  The menu is so limited that it could comfortably fit on a 3-by-5 index card -- and every single item is worth eating.My favorite is the Kee Mao (at other Thai restaurants, you'll find it called 'Drunken Noodle', 'Drunkard Noodle', etc.).  The veggies are fresh, the wide noodles are just right, and the seasoning is heavenly -- as good as any I've had elsewhere.  I also like how their spice scale is actually useful: I find the 5/5 spicy indeed, the 4/5 a distinct step down, and so forth.  And, since THIS!  IS!  PITTSBURGH!, the portions are (a) served on dishes the size of hubcaps and (b) absolutely enormous.Highly recommended!
4	Love this place. I like hot so the 3 is good for me. I always order the #2 with the hot ginger ale to drink. Nice atmosphere and attentive staff.
4	Noodlehead is awesome. I love the no frills ambiance of this place - from no reservations to no plastic. The entrees all cost like $9 each and are very filling. The decor is this mix of industrial/rustic (I guess?) and it really works. We typically hit it up on the weekdays to avoid lines. Tip #1: if you go 1 up on the heat scale - it's a big jump! I'm pretty sure that heat scale is on an exponential curve. :) Tip #2: You can sub tofu for chicken on the chang mai curry dishTip #3: It's byob.Oh by the way, I have enjoyed everything I have ever ordered here.
4	Great place for lunch.  Loved the atmosphere which had a lot of character with all of the wooden paneling and furniture.  It's supposed to be Thai noodle street market style dishes.  The prices are very reasonable and everything was delicious and spiced well.
4	A great place for a good, cheap Asian dinner. All their dishes are reasonably priced and very generous (but not overly so). One of my favorite noodle places.
4	Not bad. This place threw me off initially, wit the "seat yourself" sign. I was actually hunting for what I thought might be "Typhoon." Said screw it, walked inside. The decor seems purposefully cobbled together with random items, sliding barn doors, barrels, but mixed in with glass and steel.Food. Good. Only peeve about this is that I'm pescatarian, so I am pretty limited to eating stuff with tofu and/or shrimp. I wish they had more veggie options for appetizers. Since they don't do subs or removals, don't even bother thinking of asking about it. Easier on the kitchen taff, harder on you. But, i can roll with the minimalism.Also, the spice levels. I asked initially is it "American-style hot" or "Thai-Style hot." Think Thai-style plus "Holy Crap." They go wild in the kitchen. I went for a 3 on the 5 scale and was on fire. I like the heat, but the cooks have to cool out with whatever they are doing in there. I now go for level 1 on the scale, then add hot sauce to taste. Even that was scary. I put a dime's worth of sauce on some Pad Thai, and that lit up the whole plate. I'm not an American wuss, but I was struggling. The staff service is OK, mostly friendly, but I think that when the traffic ramps up, you can see the stress on servers faces. Understandable, but a little distracting. I love the drink menus. Mexican Coke? For the win. All in all, not bad, but could use an extra "something."
5	Only been here once, but I was impressed. If you like great spicy Thai, this place is for you. Also love that it's BYOB.
4	I went here on my last visit to Pittsburgh with two friends and was blown away by how amazing this restaurant was.  While it took a bit to adjust to the unique seating situation once we found a spot we quickly got to work figuring out what all we wanted to try.  My dining companions decided to share the steamed pork rolls - which were apparently phenomenal - while I went straight for the main entree.While I was saddened by the lack of vegetarian options under snacks the dinner options make up for that as you can pick between shrimp, chicken, or tofu.  I decided to go for the Kee Mao as I'm on a bit of a bok choy blitz and decided to go midway spice wise.  WOW did this dish have heat!  From the first bite I was smitten - this is how spicy food should taste, not overpowering tongue on fire but gradual and building so that you can savor the dish.  The bok choy was cooked perfectly, greens and whites, as were the noodles creating the perfect combination of crunch and slurp.   The portion was also on the large size which was a pleasant surprise given how affodable this place is.  I can't wait to visit Pittsburgh again and will most certainly be heading back to Noodlehead.  Fingers crossed they will add some more vegetarian options to the menu or at least be willing to accomodate minor subs as I would love to try the Chiang Mai Curry!
1	service indifferent. Food was so greasy that my stomach was hurting shortly after we left.We would liked to have eaten outside but a screaming infant who made a total mess under its chair was outside and it appeared that no other diners wanted to eat there for this reason other  UGHI ordered a HOT  noodle dish and it barely had any heat to it....The waitress brought out my entire order of soup and noodles all at once and my friends food later. It was ODD and not appropriate. soup always comes out FIRST.I but into  some hard objects in the meat chunks in the soup......I showed this to the waitress and she acted very indifferent. My veneer was cracked.nothing we had was any good, service sucked and i dont trust the food since i hurt my toothnickys or smiling banana leaf is way better
4	The bad: uncomfortable seating The good: amazing food. Ordered level 4 and added hot sauce as needed. I must have burned off my taste buds...and liked every moment.
4	Delicious pork belly buns and sizable portions for decent price. But wow their food is spicy. I've tried the sliced grilled beef,  kee mao, and street noodle number 1. For the noodles ordered it at a level 3. First few bites were delicious. After the initial bites, my mouth was on fire and my tastebuds were shot. Couldn't taste or feel anything but heat. The second time I came here I ordered the kee mao again except at a level 1. It was much more manageable but still very spicy. So lesson learned. Order the level 1 if you can't handle spicy.
4	I get to take my wife out for a relaxed outdoor lunch, eat delicious food, and not break the bank? Yeah, I'm in.Noodlehead seemed rather quiet while my wife and I were there, and I can't for the life of me fathom why. The staff took a few moments to come wait on us, but once we had their attention they were friendly, helpful, and very familiar with the menu. The Pork Belly Dumplings were delicious, although with just two dumplings per order, they left us wishing for more. (I believe my exact words were "I want that. Again. Now.") We had the Kee Mao, and the Pad Thai for our entrees. The Kee Mao we requested extra spicy, and while not nuclear, it certainly had a delicious kick to it. I've had a lot of Pad Thai in Pittsburgh, and the quality has varies greatly between venues, so I was trepidatious about ordering it. I needn't have worried, the light and fresh flavors of their Pad Thai were refreshing, and I highly recommend it be eaten on a nice day, in their outdoor seating.
4	Came here for lunch the other day.  The wait time was a bit long, but overall it was a nice afternoon and it ended up being ok. We shared the order of pork buns, though high priced for two buns they were delicious and well made.  We also had the Chiang Mai Curry noodles at a 5 spice level which was delicious and I was eating the sauce with a spoon! We also shared the pad thai.  It was delicious, but paled in comparison to the other noodle dish. I will definitely be back!
5	Noodlehead has never disappointed me! Wonderful, full-flavored dishes that all come in under $10! Perfect for a date, lunch, friend-date,ect! Lemongrass iced tea is amazing! Yum Yum YUM! One of my new favorite places to grab a quick, casual bite. Cash only requires some planning, but the new ATM inside is nice. Highly Recommended!
4	Hey so, I enjoyed this place alot! The food came fast ! I had the pad see yew medium spice! I will say it seemed a little more spicy ... Over all this was good and def worth a second look! I love Thai and this is on return to list... Only thing I didn't like much was how difficult is can be to get your waiters attention... The menu is limited but great and will satisfy your needs and it is cash only and byob! Which is normally a tradition for burghers ..
2	This was a completely disappointing experience, which is sad because at first glance this place has a lot done right.a.) Great environmentb.) Small menu (I love concise menus! Makes ordering so much easier and gives me faith in what I order)c.) Decent prices for ShadysideBut..well, that's where the fun ends. I ordered the Shrimp dish, and while it had a ton of fried shrimp, the dish was totally lacking in any synergy that made it feel like a dish. It was a combination of bulky food textures that were not consumable at once and really brought the experience down.Fried shrimp,a mass of noodles, and sauteed bok choy with peppers doesn't make a good dish. You couldn't eat it together..the textures simply didn't mesh well. Furthermore, the flavor profile wasn't there either. Very let down.The tea was nice btw.p.s. this place is not really veg friendly.
5	Pork buns are amazing! buns are sooo soft! i now crave them!  And i got the street noodle #1. it was fantastic!! Definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots!
5	This place is cute and food is very good and inexpensive. Sukothai noodles, pad thai, and pork sliders are my favorite! Service is good. Cash only, but ATM is inside the restaurant. Casual and fun.
5	Great authentic Thai noodles! I've been a few times now and will definitely return. Yes, the $9 price tag seems like a lot, but not in comparison to other Asian restaurants in the area. You're paying for the convenience, but it's definitely worth it. I've had street noodles 1 and 2 and kee mao, which is basically drunken noodle that I've gotten from many other Thai places. It's delicious but too similar to other dishes I've had and loved before. I'm going back for the street noodles, which are totally new dishes for me. They are sweet and spicy, my favorite combination. The fried chicken was fantastic; it was crispy but moist, tender, and not greasy at all. Definitely my favorite dish so far. My husband got the sukothai and pork buns, which he loved. We're definitely returning for those dishes. Yes, it is cash only. No, they don't have a phone. Yes, you can get takeout. Just show up and order. Dishes are made fresh and only take about 5 minutes to prepare. Our server told us that cash only and no phone were meant to keep costs down, especially important in such a high rent area. Overall, I definitely recommend visiting. I didn't care for the last two Thai places in this location, mostly due to the mediocre food and high cost (much more so than noodlehead). Noodlehead's opening was a pleasant surprise, and I can't wait to visit again.
4	Fantastic! The pulled pork belly steam bun appetizer is a fun twist on a classic. The bun is formed into somewhat of a taco shell shape, and the plentiful filling is sweet, savory, and rich all at once. Thinly sliced cucumber pickles on top add a well balanced pop of bright acidity. I tried the Street Noodle #1 as my entree, and it did not disappoint. The Thai fried chicken is coated in a light tempura batter, which I prefer to a heavier, traditional breading. Noodlehead allows you to choose your level of spiciness on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being the most mild. If you're familiar with Thai food, you probably know that the culture's idea of "mild" is usually much hotter than other cuisines' equivalents, and Noodlehead's scale is pretty on par with that notion. Watch out if you're not a fan of spicy foods.The place is BYOB and charges a meager $1 corkage fee for opening, pouring, and chilling your booze of choice. Definitely more attractive than some of the $20 fees I've encountered at other establishments. The staff is also quite knowledgeable about celiac disease and is ready and willing to point out gluten free choices on the menu. One thing to keep in mind: the restaurant is cash only, so don't forget to hit an ATM on the way.
4	Only went here one time but I'm already a fan! Their menu is simple and easy and great for sharing. They have appetizers and small noodle bowls that are good if you want to try a little of each. I had the chiang mai curry which was delish. I love how it came with a layer of crispy noodles on top of the curry noodles. And also..it's BYOB and there's wine store a few mins away... ; )
5	I will be back to this place again...1. Food was really good and the price is amazing for the value2. The service was friendly, speedy and attentive - considering the food was so good, the service could have been half-hearted and I would still consider the place to be a great place to eat.3. The atmosphere of the place was nice - nothing fancy - contemporary but with some unique feature4. BYOB
1	Based on all the great reviews about Noodlehead, I was pretty psyched to go there this past weekend. Unfortunately, that excitement pretty much disappeared as soon as I walked in the door.First off, cash only. Not a deal-breaker, by any means, but it would be helpful if they had prevalent signs stating so. The only mention of cash-only that I saw was on the menu. By the time you see the menu, you're already in the door and making an exit to hit up an ATM is awkward. (To be fair, I've since heard that there's an ATM on-site... but if you want to avoid ATM surcharges, I'd suggest stopping at your bank's ATM before you arrive).Second, I am a party of 1. There was a party of 3 in front of me and 2 behind me. I stood there, waiting my turn to get seated as the hostess completely overlooked me and asked the people behind me if they were a party of 3 as well (assuming I was with them). Once I made it clear I was there by myself, the hostess seemed confused and then walked away. A few minutes later, she seated the 3-top in front of me. After that she mentioned in passing that I could sit at the counter that overlooks S Highland, and then proceeded to seat the people behind me. I should mention that all of the seats at the counter were open the entire time; she could have asked me to have a seat there when she asked if I was part of the group of people behind me. It also bugs me a little that she never asked if I wanted a table seat in the actual restaurant instead of at the counter. I guess single diners don't get the same options as couples.Once I had finally seated myself, the server came over with water and handed me the small menu. After a few minutes, I'd made my decision: Street Noodles #1. The server came back in a reasonable amount of time to take my order, but barely even spoke to me - he handed me my water and menu without speaking and then when it was time to order, came over and simply asked, "Are you ready?" I was not offered any other drinks, and the server never suggested any apps. Basically, the only words he spoke to me the entire time I was there were "Are you ready?" And, while I'm on the subject of the server, one piece of advice from a server/bartender - give your servers some substantial paper to use to take orders. The guy who waited on me fumbled around trying to find the world's tiniest post-it note so that he could write down my order. Maybe less time spent fumbling about for paper would yield better customer service?To the restaurant's credit, the food arrived quickly, and the chicken in the Street Noodles #1 was very good. Moist on the inside, crispy on the outside. The noodles, though... maybe I was just too into the chicken to even notice the noodles in this dish. I saw maybe 2 forkfuls of noodles, swimming in a runny sauce below the chicken. So for all you people who keep saying Noodlehead is a great value, what on earth are you ordering? Because the meal I paid $9 for was worth, in my estimate, at most $5. I left the restaurant still very hungry since the meal consisted almost exclusively of a chicken breast and sauce. Though, to be fair, the chicken was the highlight of the trip. Did I just order the wrong thing? Who knows.I should also mention, the restaurant was not very busy - it was 6:00 or 7:00 on a Sunday night - but no one came over, not even once, to see how my meal was. The only time I saw my server after he dropped my food off and ran was when he came to take the dish away (didn't ask if it was good or bad or if I needed anything else) and dropped off the bill before walking away again. I came into Noodlehead happy and excited to try a new place, but I left feeling disappointed, hungry, and with the distinct feeling that my existence was a nuisance to my server. I don't think I'll bother returning.
3	The appetizers rock. Definitely what make this place. Try the pork belly sandwich. The main dishes are pretty good too. However, their spice scale doesn't make any sense to me. Ordering a 1 or 2 (on a scale from 1 to 5) has me sweating. That's not to say I'm an expert on spicy food, but its pretty rare for me to eat something that's so hot I start sweating. I've been with folks here who ordered no spice and their dishes were too spicy.The reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because the spice isn't really balanced out all that well with flavor. It's 70% heat, 30% flavor. And once you get into the upper limits of the spice scale - 3 to 5 - you might as well be eating pepper flakes.Also, the service is always sub-par here. It always seems like the place is understaffed. Don't get me wrong, when a server does show up they're nice and all, but expect some wait times and be sure to get a fresh order of water before your main dish comes out or else you'll be refilling in the bathroom.The cash only thing should be noted as well. I didn't find it a huge inconvenience. I'm more just wondering why a place like this doesn't accept plastic.
5	Got the chiang mang curry. It was unbelievable. Hands down best curry I've ever had. The best part was the texture - they combined crunchy and soft noodles. I was in love. The spice levels are a little overwhelming - even a 2 out of 5 was really spicy. Atmosphere and price are great. Try it out!!
4	This might be the one place in Pittsburgh where the spicy level is totally accurate. Anywhere else, I just order basically the top number, knowing that they calm it down for me. But here, BEWARE. I was talked down to a 3/5, and glad to have been convinced!The food here was amazing, very authentic, came out very quickly and I will absolutely be back. They get a point off for their annoying ego though - no reservations, no phone, can only be seated when whole party is there, price is high for the portion.
5	I was brought here by my friend who lives in Shadyside... and I thank her every time I get a chance to. I love spicy food. In a scale of 1-10, I'm a 20. Noodlehead is the first place that definitely lives up to its spice level. Their blend of spice & taste is perfect. I don't like it when it's just hot for no reason & has no taste. Their steamed pork buns are a must. I always have their Chiangmai curry & make sure I have left over buns so I can dip it in after. The place is great, it's trendy yet very homey. Did I tell you all their dishes are also reasonably priced? For their delicious & very well proportioned dishes, the cash only establishment is worth the small hassle of making sure you have some cash on you
4	Source of the best beef noodle soup I have ever tasted. For $9 you get a bowl of rice noodles, topped with tender bite-sized chunks of beef, and broth that is to die for--flavored with hot peppers, green onions, lemongrass and other spices. Worth every penny!
4	Firstly, those bastardized pork buns are stupid delicious. The spicy scale is perfect. BYOB, and there's a wine store right across the bridge. Only inconvenience is that it's cash only.The food is consistent  and delicious. Price is a pretty good deal. I often leave very full. An excellent take on Thai. If only they had pho.....
4	Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh. It's super affordable and delicious! I ordered the See Yew and the rice noodles were perfectly cooked, the chicken wasn't dry, and the broccoli was perfectly bite-sized.  Oh, and it wasn't too salty (why are noodle dishes always too salty?!?). Also, the 5-point spicy scale seems to be exactly what it says it is. I asked for a Medium spice level (3) and it was slightly more than a kick, pleasantly surprising. The restaurant wasn't too crowded (it was a Monday night) and our party of 5 had plenty of room around us to feel like we had our privacy.  The only bad thing I could say was that the restaurant has dim lighting so the picture of my See Yew didn't turn out nicely. *crymyselfariver*
5	Our favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh -- everything we've tried here has been awesome: the pork belly sliders, pad thai, chiang mai noodles,  sukothai, street noodles #1, and beef noodle soup. Their menu is small which is a good thing. It seems they are focused on consistently delivering a few dishes, instead of overwhelming the customer with too many options and mediocre food.
4	After coming here repeatedly, I think Noodlehead has won me over. I had a chance to try not only their pad thai which I was not satisfied with (because I am dead set on how it should be made) but also their Street noodle #2, kee mao, see yew, chiang mai curry, and pork belly steamed buns. After going there the 4th time I must say that they offer a great variety of interesting noodles that could satisfy anyone! I don't actually remember why I didn't like it in the first place but their noodle dishes are always scrumptious and I can't wait to go back and try some noodle soups! p.s. They also offer great teas there so don't fret to try those out as well.
4	Location's a pain to get to from campus but...the chicken.  Street Noodle #1 is fried chicken cutlet perfection on top of flavorful, (spicy) noodles. Even if you get "a little" bit of spicy, which I stupidly let the waiter talk me into getting, it will be HOT.  This is apparently not the case for Street Noodle #2, which is fried shrimp, on top of egg noodles which are considerably drier, and less spicy.  Even with the unbearable burn in my mouth, I was able to enjoy the fried chicken.  The noodles, I couldn't finish :( Restaurant is dim and spacey, with a 50cent BYOB per head charge.
1	food was 7/10, however the service was absolutely atrocious.  the place is understaffed and nobody took our order or even offered to get us drinks for 15 minutes. the couple sitting next to us had been waiting even longer.  this is such a shame for a restaurant to be held back its service, of all things.
4	Very solid food. Nice ambience. Simple menu, but it works, and I like simplicity. Good prices. Have been there a few times and will continue to return, as it's relatively cheap, close to me, and open til 10 pm. I ordered out once and was a little disconcerted to find that I couldn't call it in but actually had to walk there, order, and wait for it, but my food was done fast, and I was heading back out the door within 10-15 minutes.
4	Cheap, fast and tasty. My usual order is the Pad See Ew w/ tofu, 5/5 spice level (I love spicy food!). My boyfriend gets the street noodles, either w/ the shrimp or chicken.Service is always lacking and the seating is uncomfortable, but whatever...I come to get a quick bite then hurry on my way.Cash only.
3	I really love this place. I always go there since they're open but after I met some Thai lady that work at another Thai restaurant. She told me they don't use good stuff and it might be poison me sometime. she said she knows because she use to work there then she quit because the owners so cheap. That made me afraid if I go back again !!
4	Still a solid choice for dinner or lunch. At $9 per dish, prices are hard to beat. The menu is limited and you have to pay in cash, but service is quick.Warning: seating is uncomfortable, so don't plan to stay long.The Chiang Mai curry (with chicken, egg noodles) is AMAZING! If you are spice averse this place is not for you!
5	Good, cheap noodles. Their Chiang Mai Curry Noodles might be my favorite Thai dish in Pittsburgh. Definitely a must-try.
5	Wow. This is my new favorite restaurant! I avoided trying it for a long time because it's cash only, and that's a hassle, but oh is it worth it! Nice decor, pleasant atmosphere, small menu of tempting noodle dishes, soups, and apps. It's BYOB BTW. I love that the menu is small enough, it's actually feasible to try everything ... after a few visits that is.The pork bun appetizers are amazing; maybe the best thing on the menu. We order them every time! I've also tried most of the other dishes and one of the soups. Everything has been good, although I keep coming back for the Kee Mao and the Pad Thai. One of my favorite aspects of this restaurant is the ... wait for it ... reasonable portion sizes! Finally, a restaurant that doesn't try to make you sick with the gigantic amount of food placed in front of you. The noodle dishes are just about what you'd want to eat for dinner, which is unbelievably refreshing. Thank you. Things are a bit spicy here, so be forewarned.The word is out on this place, so you may have a wait if you come on a popular evening (Friday night). It would be nice if they'd accept Square for payments and would use the NoWait app to reduce wait times, but other than that, I have no complaints!
4	I can only agree with my fellow Yelpers - Noodlehead is one of a kind! The menu won't overwhelm you but they focus on the basics and they get it just right. We tried the See Yew with big, soft rice noodles, a very tasty sweet sauce, and your choice of shrimp or chicken. The flavor was fantastic and very distinguished. The other dish was Chiang Mai Curry with egg noodles, chicken, and some vegetables in a superb coconut sauce. The portions were decently sized and will fill you (if you're super hungry take a starter). The spiciness level ranges from 1 to 5 - I took 2 and it was already well spiced. Prices are okay-ish, $9 for a main dish. The food quality is great though and that's why I'll definitely come back here again.Street parking can be tough on South Highland and - it's cash only.
4	Love this place. Everything I've had here is delicious! Friendly and fast service. Nice decor and atmosphere. Best noodle place in town. In my opinion better than the noodle places in Sq Hill. I wish they would accept Square payment though. Cash is something I don't like to carry. That is my only complaint.
4	I love taking my family here when they come to visit because everyone can find something they can enjoy, and this is not a family full of adventurous eaters. You can customize your spice level, and they are usually pretty spot on. It's BYOB, which is fantastic, considering there aren't too many of these spots in the city. Note that it's cash only, but this actually works to your advantage because the prices are low. Only $9 for noodles!My favorites are the Chiang Mai and Kee Mao. I get them on the spicy side, and if I'm in the mood for creamy curry with a kick I go for the Chiang Mai. If I'm feeling spicy, chubby noodles, I go for the Kee Mao. You really can't beat the price.The street noodles are a little greasy for me, but most serious carnivores I know always gravitate toward these dishes because they really pile on the meat.Try the steamed pork belly buns to start, although they are so filling you may not finish your noodles.
5	Love Noodlehead. The pork buns are the perfect starter. I usually get the see yew with tofu at a 3. Perfectly spicy and an all around awesome dish, especially for the price. The beef soup was also surprisingly flavorful for such a straight forward dish. BYOB with a 50 cent cork fee. Can't beat the quality of the food especially for the price. Be warned - cash only and they stick to the spice scale.
5	It is the first place I would think of when I'm craving for noodles. Most dishes taste pretty close to authentic Thai noodles. At least the food here helps me not miss Thailand so much. :) My favorites are love boat and beef soup.
4	Excellent meal.  I got the green curry, set to '10'.  Came out red--when I asked why, he said, 'peppers'.  It was hot.  Wife got a yellow curry.  Also excellent.  Really like the noodle choices.  Best part was the pork buns.  Yum !
3	Noodlehead has surprisingly well planned ambiance; I really love the layout and the sort-of (fancy) barn accents. The tables are well placed and spaced. I also appreciate their simple, no nonsense menu. But with so few vegetarian options, I am not likely to dine here over, say, Thai Cuisine. The dishes I've tried have been fine, but it'd be nice to be able to order an appetizer to go with my meal. They also have no trouble turning up the spice here, beware! My partner could hardly eat his spice level "3" dish that seemed to be ruined for him with overdone heat. I think they just add chili sauce or paste to increase the heat, not fresh peppers or anything delicious like that. So it's probably best to aim low with your requested level, then ask for chili sauce to add yourself.
5	Absolutely love this place. Beautiful restaurant and incredible food. Be aware that it is cash only tho. (ATM in back part of restaurant).
3	The cash only thing is bullshit. It's 2013, almost 2014. Get with it. For example:Squareup.comThelevelup.com
4	What else is there to say. I love this place! The ambiance, simple menu and great tasting food. Food comes fast and is very reasonably priced for the quality. I was in Pittsburg for an extended weekend and caught the Steelers game and ate both dinner and lunch here.  4 stars as weight staff is not always the most attentive and I'd love to see some specials or maybe something seasonal.
3	I've eaten at Noodlehead maybe 3 times. The last time was with a group of friends for Sunday lunch and we brought a bottle of wine. My meal was ok, but not great. I ordered the See Yew noodles with chicken with a spice level of 2. What was brought to feel felt like a spice level of 5. There wasn't much veggies or bok choy in the noodles which I was bummed about. Also ordered the pork buns. They looked very boring when they were brought out. They weren't dressed up with anything, not even a few sprinkles of arugula sprouts or sliced cucumbers like I saw in some of the photos posted on yelp. Wasn't really excited about eating them and when I tasted them, the excitement meter didn't budge. Again, they were fine. I vaguely remember they were kind of sweet, but certainly not memorable. The prices are very reasonable and I like decor. I'll give it some time before returning again.
5	I recently ate at Noodlehead for a friend's birthday.  This is a casual, delicious noodle place, the prices are ridiculously cheap for what they offer, and the fact that it's BYOB (designed to give you options and save you money) is what makes me love them.  What made me love them more, was that they treated my girlfriends and I so well on our recent visit.  We had a lot of crazy demands for a noodle place, lots of wine to put in the cooler, we brought our own cake, we were loud. The staff was super accommodating, they even lit candles on the cake to surprise my friend!  I love the food at Noodlehead, I love the prices, I love the service, keep doing everything you're doing.
4	Definitely one of my favorite Thai joints in Pittsburgh.  The food is FANTASTIC 5/5!There are so many dishes that are flavorful and savory. They really bring back the memories of my time in Southeast Asia.   If you're more adventerous i'd stay stray away from the more well known dishes like pad thai and try something authentic.  Top recommendations would have to be "street noodle number 1" and the  "sukothai".  The one fantastic thing about local restaurants is that the ingredients and taste almost always taste the same. They're smaller so they really put alot of care and interest in making their cuisine the same every time. oh yes, it's BYOB, another thing I love about Pittsburgh. Ambience 5/5Absolute LOVE the ambience and decor.  It's incredibly chic and modern, but not overly pretentious.  It has that hipster feel to it (Lol Sorry didn't know how else to describe it).  It's designed to handle some big parties, small parties or if you'd just like to dine by yourself.  It's family friendly but most of the time it's usually mid-20s that I see go there.  Service 3.5/5Staff is nice, but don't expect fine dining service. They don't have a phone, so you have to go there to be able to order. I get that it's a part of the whole "street style" and "hawkers" theme, but I must say, it's a little bit inconvenient sometimes.Oh yes, and the portions are very generous for the price that they charge.  Ranging from $6-$13 I believe.  Can't beat that for quality food and service!
5	Simple menu, server was pleasant. Food is awesome, fast and delicious!  Highly recommend this place, especially if you're hungry hungry now!
4	Well yelp nation I am back after a long hiatus. I guess my pontificating kinda wore thin even on me so I too a little break for about two years. I mark my return with a trip and review to Noodle Head in Shadyside. I've been to NH a number of times and I feel it is about time I pile in the praise they deserve. To start, as I usually do, let's discuss the decor. The interior can only be described as cool. Not pretentious cool but a pleasant mix of plastic seating, to reflect their roots in Thai street food, and dark wood. I felt very comfortable, as did the hipsters sitting next to me, and the businessmen next to them. I also live NHs bar options. It's BYO so if the wine sucks, it'd your fault. To go with the BYO liquor license they do have a corkage fee, but it's only fifty cents a person  which I think is very reasonable. The food at NH is amazing. I am a fan if the sliced beef appetizer as well as the steamed pork belly buns. For an entree my standby us the Ching Mai curry. The flavor of the curry is out if this world. Pickled veg with coconut milk and a crazy amount of spice. Fantastic. Don't fear spice here. They utilize a 1-5 heat scale (I'm a 4) but even in the hottest dishes the spice doesn't overwhelm the flavor of the rest of the food.  The only thing they lose a star for is service. The staff always seems to be inconvenienced by the guests. They aren't mean or rude but they give off the impression that they would rather be doing something else. All in all I love NH. So many times Thai food just gets caught in an inferno if chili heat that the food loses all it's flavor and you pay out the rectum (literally) the next day.  Not so here and despite being cash only I plan in going back. Often.
4	Affordable, delicious, consistently good. I usually go with the Kee Mao or the See Yew and a "1" spice level because dang, they make it hot. The cash only part is kind of annoying, but I'm willing to go through the hassle for Noodlehead.
5	I've been to Noodlehead twice so far and cannot wait to go again. I ordered the street noodle #2 both times, I would love to try something else but this dish is so delicious I couldn't make myself order another. They put so much shrimp over a generous bed of  thin egg noodles! I've tried it at both spicy level 4 & 5(I LOVE spicy foods). 5 or "Crazy hot" was very spicy but quite delicious, however I preferred the "Thai hot" flavor of spicy level 4.The atmosphere is great for close conversation. I've read many complaints about the service, but I appreciated that they weren't in my face during the meal. I never felt like I was being rushed, yet they promptly removed dishes when we finished a course. It is cash only which it states clearly on the menu board outside, on the menu, and I believe even on the door as you enter and with their clear cut menu approximating the cost of your dinner is a breeze.Seriously try Noodlehead, you wont regret it.
4	Well yelp nation I am back after a long hiatus. I guess my pontificating kinda wore thin even on me so I too a little break for about two years. I mark my return with a trip and review to Noodle Head in Shadyside. I've been to NH a number of times and I feel it is about time I pile in the praise they deserve. To start, as I usually do, let's discuss the decor. The interior can only be described as cool. Not pretentious cool but a pleasant mix of plastic seating, to reflect their roots in Thai street food, and dark wood. I felt very comfortable, as did the hipsters sitting next to me, and the businessmen next to them. I also live NHs bar options. It's BYO so if the wine sucks, it'd your fault. To go with the BYO liquor license they do have a corkage fee, but it's only fifty cents a person  which I think is very reasonable. The food at NH is amazing. I am a fan if the sliced beef appetizer as well as the steamed pork belly buns. For an entree my standby us the Ching Mai curry. The flavor of the curry is out if this world. Pickled veg with coconut milk and a crazy amount of spice. Fantastic. Don't fear spice here. They utilize a 1-5 heat scale (I'm a 4) but even in the hottest dishes the spice doesn't overwhelm the flavor of the rest of the food.  The only thing they lose a star for is service. The staff always seems to be inconvenienced by the guests. They aren't mean or rude but they give off the impression that they would rather be doing something else. All in all I love NH. So many times Thai food just gets caught in an inferno if chili heat that the food loses all it's flavor and you pay out the rectum (literally) the next day.  Not so here and despite being cash only I plan in going back. Often.
3	My friends and I had a pretty good experience here on a few occasions. The food was pretty excellent, and I quite like the atmosphere. BYOB is nice, as well, since you can end up saving money if you plan to get something in advance. However:The host was a bit awkward. I couldn't place my finger on it, but we never really seemed to have any idea what his intentions were. Were we being seated to eat? Or to wait? Why did he take our ice bucket?No credit cards? What the hell? Is this 1987?There are no vegetarian appetizer options. So, while your friends get to eat some delicious bun things, you're stuck just sitting there, not eating anything at all, getting hungrier. Otherwise, I quite appreciate the limited, perfected menu selection.
4	Pulled pork buns are my favorite!! So delicious-- perfect blend of sweet and savory and not too heavy.
4	Pad kee mow for the win! Spicy scale is 1-5 and yes they make it hot! I love that the dishes are no more than$9 and it is byob. Beautiful space with dim light. I could come here at least once per week if I lived closer.
4	Awesome, annoying, delicious, cheap = they're so good and thus so popular that they're too cool to take reservations, credit cards, or even phone calls. But aside from being a pain in the ass, their noods are crazy delicious and affordable! #BYOB
2	My friends recommended this place for me. So I went to this place with high expectations. I thought this place gonna be my favorite thai street food restaurant, but all I've got is disappointment. The noodles were too sour. It's weird that sukothai noodle come with egg boil!? Also there're no crispy dumpling-four on top of my dish. however, I'll come here again. If it didn't get better, I'll have to say goodbye.
4	This is a great new sport my husband and I went to randomly when everything else around had long waits.The atmosphere was nice. Great design and theme but it was very cold and drafty every time the door opened. We had the pig wings which were just okay. The sauce was good but overwhelming and it was really small considering they were two bucks a pop. Came with a homemade pickle salad that tasted like taking a shot of vinegar... I love anything picked and this was unbearable.The Chiang mai curry was outstanding. Nice mix of coconut milk and spice. The noodles were crunchy on top and a nice way to soak up the coconut milk curry soup in the bowl. I got a spice level 2 and it was perfect, it was the right kick of heat without having me reach for a drink every bite. My husband had the noodle #1 at a level 4 heat so I didn't even try... way too spicy for me. I did have the chicken on top which was not spiced and everyone's review is right-it's well with it for the amazing chicken. Chicken was nice and juicy and had a great crunchy coating.This is a great spot to try something new. Not too expensive, byob with $5 fee per person. But it's cash only so be advised. They do have an ATM. I just think with all the apps out there they can get it together and accept cards... just a peeve of mine.
5	Great neighborhood place, have been here many times both dine-in and carry-out.  The pork belly sliders are amazing, and all of the noodles are great too.   I love the curry.  It is a limited menu, but I have never been disappointed.To address a few nuiances of this place:1.  BYOB is 50 cents per person.  Love this aspect (other places in Shadyside also do this).2.  Cash only.  Yes, it's 2014 and yes, you can get credit card charging apps.  That's not the issue.  This is a small, local place that does not wish to pay the fee every time a credit card is used, simple as that.  One way for them to reduce costs.  They have an ATM...so you can pay the ATM fee if you don't have cash lol.3.  The host is a kind gentleman who is always working and does a great job.  My husband and I come in almost once weekly for carry-out, and he never misses a beat.  I know what a previous poster means about a little off, maybe he's on the spectrum?  Regardless, he is efficient at his job and always pleasant.4.  Spice level - seriously spicy folks!  I'm a middle of the road kind of person, and I can only do a 2/5 on a good day when I want some serious spice.  It is amusing to watch a newbie go on to his (usually it's a douchey college guy) friends about how he loves spice yada yada, and then is unable to finish his meal.  I have witnessed this 3 times since the fall, always makes me chuckle.
4	The pros: - fast service at lunch- very casual (good mix of students, post-yoga diners, after-work diners, etc)- BYOB- food is awesome every time. I'm basically going down the menu ordering the next item down on every visit and I've yet to be disappointed. (If it's your first time, order the pork belly steam buns and one of the street noodles, see yew, or the curry. so, so good). The cons: - dinner service. They seem to get overwhelmed very easily. I can't really tell if there's any rhyme or reason to who waits on you or when. They don't seem to have sections. A couple waiters who don't know what's going on and a couple food runners who are working their butts off. You spend way too much time waiting for your bill when you'd think it'd be in their best interest to turn tables. This doesn't seem to be a problem at lunch, only dinner.- not a lot of parking around there. but that's no surprise in Shadyside. - I don't care that they're cash only, but it does seem to concern some people so worth mentioning- No phone number (or at least I haven't found one), so I can't order carry out in advance, which drives me nuts because I would do so probably twice a week. - sometimes the spice level is inconsistent visit to visit. I like moderately spice, so I usually order a 2, but sometimes I can hardly taste the spice and other times I'm dying. Not a big deal because the food is tasty either way.
5	Love this place! Cheap quick eats. Usually we go for lunch or early dinner and it's never been that busy so I don't know how they do under pressure. But for lunch it can't be beat. Love the pork buns and pig wings- both are bites of fatty porky deliciousness. The street noodle one has the most crispy chicken that is just so good. Also love the see ew and kee mao. Byob and cash only so come prepared.
4	Thought this place was very good for lunch. I really liked the small menu which made it easy to figure out what to choose from. I had the Chiang Mai Curry, it was presented nicely and hade great aroma and flavor accompanied by just the right amount of heat( spiciness level) I went with medium and it was easily handled by my mouth. I also tried the hot pulled pork bun appetizer which also was tasty but hard to only eat one so if you are sort of hungry maybe plan to not hate this app.The only thing that was sort of irritating was the seating arrangements. I'm in Pittsburgh, not Chiang Mai, so I didn't appreciate sitting on the mildly uncomfortable stool with no back to it. The design was thoughtful but I need some better sitting options. It was also way too cold even after eating my curry. A number of people in the place kept their coats on since it was so chilly. Anyhow I would come back here again for lunch or a lighter dinner, since the food is tasty, service was quick, and the price is right.
4	This isn't traditional Thai food. If you can keep that in mind, then I'm sure you'll have a good time at Noodlehead.The food is, quite simply, delicious. I crave the warm spicy broth of Sukothai on cool winter nights, and Chiang Mai noodles are decadent but so worth it. The Pad Thai, although not the best I've had in Pittsburgh, is still pretty good. The one dish I've had no luck with is the Street Noodles made with tempura shrimp. The noodles were all clumped together, and although I ordered a spicy level of 2, it was so hot it was almost unpalatable. I love spicy food, but the highest I ever go is a 4 because this food is HOT. The ambiance is sophisticated yet laid back, and the service is usually quick, even when they're busy. The prices are amazing- for $9, I get a dish that can easily last me 2, if not 3, meals. If you're looking for delicious, warm, spicy, Thai noodles, then look no further. Noodlehead will not disappoint.
5	Pork belly buns and the See Yew are highlights. The curry is close second. If you aren't bringing a bottle of wine, get the iced tea- it's amazing!
5	I had take out and it took about an hour before I actually got to eat it, but the food was still warm. Their kee mow is delicious, but a little bit on the greasy side. The chicken is pretty tender. The sauce is amazing and flavorful. The noodles are wide and flat, and didn't really clump. I had the spiciness of 2, which is just the right amount of spiciness for me.
3	"FEATURING TASTY NOODLE DISHES FROM THE STREET MARKETS OF THAILAND!"  is what Noodlehead's website blazes.  Had a Friday evening dinner recently with a group of 6 to celebrate one of who had been visiting and working with us  for six months from Thailand.  She is returning to Thailand next week.  We were surprised when she wanted Thai food for her farewell dinner back to Thailand, but later she told us this food tastes nothing like the street food in Thailand (so much for the website claim).  However, if it's good enough for someone from Thailand to choose it for a farewell dinner, it's probably pretty good.Parking is absolutely terrible around this area of Highland Ave.  At least it's relatively safe as you're walking to your car 4 blocks away.  Arriving at 5:40pm, the  small space (seats about 50 by my estimation) was already completely full.  Pittsburghers do like to eat early.  Noodlehead has an annoying but well documented policy that they won't seat you until your entire group is present.  Although some of our group members were late, there wasn't anywhere for us to sit until 30 minutes anyway.  Noodlehead is BYOB (50 cents/person corkage), so no drinks while you're waiting (and this is not the kind of place that will call you while you grab a drink down the street).The menu is basic American-Thai fare.  There's just a few appetizers like pork belly steamed buns and Thai fried chicken.  There's a variety of noodle dishes like Pad Thai and "Street Noodle."  As other's have mentioned, for most of the dishes you pick a spice level from 1 to 5.  1 is clear your sinuses, slightly runny nose hot so be very careful unless you're used to this kind of thing (our Thai friend ordered a 5).  You'll have a better meal and avoid next-day unpleasantness.  Everything was tasty, but no better or worse than any other Thai place that I've been to in Pittsburgh.  The service was fast and friendly.  By the time we got up to leave, the crowd waiting was staggering.  More people were waiting than there were seats in the restaurant.  Noodlehead's good, but with the hideous parking situation, the long wait for a table, and the overall standard cuisine, I don't understand the popularity of this particular establishment.
5	One of our favorite restaurants!! A small menu and have enjoyed all of the items we've tried. Our favorites are Chang Mai Curry and Street Noodle #2. The offer spice levels 1 -5 and don't americanize the levels. We usually order 4s and that brings some heat. It's BYOB, cash only and we suggest going early because this place gets crowded quickly. This is a must try if you're in Shadyside!
4	What can I say, this place isn't bad at all, in fact its actually really delicious but here's my pro/con list for you.All the food: Delicious.  You cannot go wrong whatever you get.  Beef noodle soup, although not authentically Chinese, Taiwanese, Thai, Viet, is what i LIKE about it.  Anyone who calls this place "non-authentic" is missing the point.  It's a fusion of lots of asian flavors, where you can find green Thai chilli in the same dish as fried chicken and noodles--but it works, so put your damn pinky down and take your fancy-flavor discriminating tongue somewhere else.  The Chang Mai curry is surprisingly a favorite among all my friends that have eaten there.  Oh did I mention BYOB? Yeah, awesome.Not so hot: Pork buns are $6 for 2.  Although tasty.. not worth it, but this is the only place where you can really get any in town.  If it were $4, I'd get them every time.  Also, the service is just a hit or miss.  I personally don't give a damn how you treat me as long as you bring my food out when it's hot and check back in a timely fashion.  One time, in a half empty house, slow service, my waitress with an attitude helped herself to an $8 tip on a $12 bill.  I treat anyone who handles my food with the utmost respect because frankly, I am scared of pubes and spit, but this strange service happens 30% of the time I go there.  Just carry exact change, bring a bottle of wine, and enjoy an awesome meal.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. You can't beat the prices (nothing on the menu is more than $9!) and BYOB is a huge plus! The atmosphere is awesome. Very cool and rustic looking. They don't take reservations or credit cards, but it's well worth the wait!Definitely get the steamed pork buns! And my favorite noodle dish is the curry chicken!
5	I have NEVER had a bad experience here. For customer service, the staff is great. For food, everything is always excellent. And you really cannot beat any meal under $10.I've introduced so many people to Noodlehead and they all love their experience there.
5	Love this place! It has a small menu but the food is amazing. I always get an order of the pork buns. You can't beat the price of this place either.
4	The food is amazing. I can't describe my love for this place. The pulled pork belly steamed buns is awesome. It's impossible to come here without ordering them. The only problem with this place is that they don't have a PHONE. You can't call to pick up dinner. You can't call for a table. You can't call them for anything. Food is great but service is terrible.   Food out weighs the horrible service.
4	Okay so I'm giving a four star because the frigging chairs and stools where uncomfortable to me.The food outstanding - love boat soup and noodle number 1 chicken and 2 shrimp.Atmosphere was really very nice and in generally just comfortable.I will not go back solely because of the seating...I prefer to be comfortable while dining.
3	Alright.  I'll be up front with this: three stars is a little harsh.  I would like to give it 3 and a half, but that's not possible, and 4 is a little too generous.I have been to this place twice and both times the food (the See Yew) was AMAZING.  But even at a 2 spicy level the first time, I was almost crying due to the spicyness.The tables inside are too close together.  I feel like I'm dining with the people next to me...I also dislike that they have no refillable drinks, but they bring you a carafe of water so that's pretty cool.I'll definitely be back though and you should go.
1	Showed up at 9:41pm and was basically turned away (offered take-out).  AFAIK there's no way to call in advance - so why list your closing time as 10pm?  And I'm not one to show up right at closing and keep the staff there forever, because, as Chris Rock says, I got f****** to do.
4	I go here a lot, mostly out of convenience and because their prices are very fair -- 10 bucks for a decent meal, often lasts for 2 meals in fact. Most of their food is really delicious, but I knocked off a star for their gross tofu and iffy service. I used to get See Ew with tofu as my go-to dish, but the past several times the tofu has been very over-fried, making it nothing but a chewy outer shell of tofu. Fried tofu should be a bit chewy or crispy on the outside with an inside of be actual tofu, not empty, pulverized, over-fried air. this almost lost them my business, but fortunately I do eat meat so I tried the See Ew with chicken, and it was great! My new go-to dish.
4	Even though mi amigo and I had just enjoyed a taco dinner, I urged him to try a pork bun here! Sure enough, anything you put in a heavenly white bun tastes amazing, and noodlehouses pork & pickled cukes were very satisfying! I also loved the lemongrass tea and overall vibe.  Next time I'm in PA I will be back!
4	Noodles! And the pork bun, sooo good yum.   But always a loooong wait :(
4	Solid. Good place for noodles. Cool vibe. Simple and straightforward menu. What's there not to love?
5	It's a smaller menu which is great for indecisive people like me. It's got a small variety of appetizers, and we chose the grilled beef and pork belly buns. The grilled beef has quite a kick to it which I didn't expect at all. I guess I didn't look at the menu closely enough. It was good, but I believe there is a good amount of spicy green peppers in it. The pork belly buns were very yummy. I got the pad kee mao with shrimp (usual spicy level for it is medium because it's in a spicy basil sauce already, I just went with that). WOW it was spicy haha. It was so good though, I just kept drinking a lot of water. Next time I should get the pad see ew (sweet soy sauce based) with a spice level of 2-3 instead maybe. All in all, delicious food, and they're doing the Thai spicy right. The chill vibe inside was nice, and the service was very good. I enjoyed my food a lot, the only thing is that it's quite a large portion of noodles (tasted very fresh!) so I didn't finish it. I wish I had a bigger stomach to eat it all haha. I'll definitely be back when I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	The see yew, I can't say enough about the see yew. It's just SO good. The pork buns appetizer- I don't know what the heck they put in those but they are the most incredible appetizer I've ever had. And thankfully they have legit amounts of spice. I've gone to other places in Pittsburgh and ordered a dish with 10/10 spice to end up pouring siracha all over it anyway because it was so weak. Here if you order a 3 or 4 out of 5, it's actually got kick. And it's super trendy which is cute. Yeah it's cash only and doesn't have a working phone which is really annoying but whatever I love it anyway.
5	I've always been a bit skeptical of people who tell me about an "AMAZING" thai place because it usually all ends up tasting the same. However, I have to say that Noodlehead way exceeded my expectations and I am itching to go back. I ordered the Pad See Ew and was pleasantly surprised by how fresh the noodles were-- most Thai restaurants serve you a sticky clump of noodles saturated in the same boring sauce. But the noodles in this dish were not clumped together, and the sauce was perfect in proportion to the noodles. I also had a taste of the other noodles-- the Chiang Mai Curry noodles are also an awesome choice. Actually, you probably wouldn't go wrong with any of the noodle dishes there. With regards to the spicy scale, I ordered "THAI HOT" and my face was a little bit sweaty. But if you love spicy food, I'd definitely recommend you go for a 5. I didn't think "THAI HOT" was really that spicy at all.
4	Great food at good price!!! Definitely worth it, if you want good noodles, this is the place to go!!!!
5	If you've been frustrated by the other dreadful "Thai" restaurants in Pittsburgh, you'll be EXTREMELY pleased with Noodlehead. They actually know what Thai spicy really is! I searched for a "while" (specifically I've been to Nicky's Thai, Smiling Banana Leaf, Thai Cuisine on Liberty Ave, Silk Elephant), and none of those compare.I've had 4 dishes here: Pad Thai, Chiang Mai Curry, See Yew and Pork buns.Btw, Silk Elephant is also "OK" Thai, but if you are torn between the two, go to Noodlehead. As a side-point I also HIGHLY recommend Pusadee's Garden in Lawrenceville. It's BYOB and Thai spicy/flavorful also, but isn't cash only and, oh yea they actually have a phone number :-) The downside is they are a bit more expensive.... So if you're ballin' choose the Garden.
4	Had the shrimp Pad Thai with level 2 to go ($10). Short wait in the shop which smelled so good of Thai quinine. The amount was enough to feed two, maybe even better if I added the snacks on the To Go menu. (Didn't find the pork belly on it though).The Pad Thai itself was fairly good but seemed to be missing some flavour. Wondering if they use Nam Pla (fish sauce) because if they are, I didn't notice and am thinking that was one of the missing flavours.Nicely decorated place with funky music in the back not too loud. Other customers at that time were in their mid 20 - 40's. Willing to revisit for other menus.
5	Went to Noodlehead for the first time today after hearing a lot of hype about the place. For once the hype was well founded! It truly is some of the best Thai food in "da burgh." The see yew with chicken was absolutely delicious! It had the perfect amount of savoriness and spiciness; really a wonderful combination of flavors. Not to mention that everything on the menu is $9 or less! So, if tasty, inexpensive Thai food is what you're craving, I say jump in on the hype!
5	The best restaurant in Pittsburgh, IMO. The food is so good. My only  problem is that they don't accept cards. Only cash.
3	This restaurant has excellent Pad Kee Mao and pad see ew - two of my favorite Thai dishes... The quality is always consistently high and the ambulance is always happening and lively - along with the low cost and the delicious flavors this is always a great place to go for dinner. The seats are not comfortable for long seatings and they are a cash only establishment. Id give them four stars if they had better seats and took credit cards.
5	Had a wonderful experience here! The prices were great for the large portions and the food was delicious. I would recommend the Pad Thai with chicken. It was cooked perfectly and for someone who doesn't like too much spice the 2 was just what I wanted.
4	I was very skeptical about this restaurant when I first saw it. From online, I thought it would be a traditional Asian cuisine restaurant but when I approached the restaurant, I was thrown off by the modern and relaxed decor. The pork belly steam buns slightly disappointed me because I expected a sliced slab of pork belly. Instead, the bun had shredded pork belly. Other than the cutting of the pork, I was very satisfied with the appetizer. I highly recommend Street Noodle #1. The Thai fried chicken perfectly counteracts the sauce of the noodles and the bok choy provides a sweet component to the dish. One thing I would like them to address is to offer more dishes that aren't spicy since I cannot eat spice. Other than that small complaint, I enjoy the dishes I get here every time I go.
3	Both the see yew and the beef noodle soup are too salty for our tastes. Nothing remarkable about them either: this is something you can find at most thai places. The pork buns are nice though, worth a try if you do end up here.
4	I have probably been here about 5 times over the past few years, the most recent time being this past weekend. I was really impressed on my first visit by the interior of the restaurant. It's very unique and still looks as though it just recently opened.The menu is fairly straightforward. I appreciate places that keep things simple, as opposed having menus that are the length of a short book. Variety is good, but you have to draw the line somewhere!The pork belly steamed buns are an absolute must. Tender shredded pork topped with a small amount of pickled cucumber that adds a nice texture and flavor. The buns themselves are fluffy and delicious. You get two in a serving... don't split this with anyone because you will DEFINITELY want more than one. I don't want to even think about how many of these I could probably eat if given the challenge.I've had a few noodle dishes and enjoyed them all, but on my most recent trip I had the pad thai with chicken. They take spice pretty seriously here, so I ordered a two out of five. I could have probably gone to a three but it was still fairly spicy. The portion was also pretty generous and I ended up taking leftovers for lunch the next day.The only downside, as many have mentioned, is that they don't take credit cards. Kind of annoying as I am one of those people who rarely carries much cash, but it's worth it for this place.
5	Pork buns, pork buns, PORK BUNS!!! Unbelievably good.The food here is fantastic. Everything I've tried has been great. Note that their spice scale, 1 - 5, is not playing around. I normally order an 8 or a 9 at most Indian restaurants, but at Noodlehead I'm a solid 3 and nothing more.They won't seat you until your entire group has arrived, they're cash only, and they don't take reservations or even have a phone, but the food is fantastic.Go. Eat pork buns.
4	Stopped by Sunday around lunch time. Sat outside under the awning, which was super nice. We ordered the sweet and spicy pork wing appetizer, which was bone-in pork shank. They were really tender and came with marinated cucumber, which complemented the pork really well. The flavor was a little muted, but I would still order them again. For the meals, I ordered the street noodles #2 (shrimp tempura and thin noodles) and my boyfriend ordered the street noodles #1 (fried chicken with pad thai style nooodles). The sauces tasted extremely similar if not the same, which was fine because it had a nice spicy flavor. We requested a medium level of spicy and my mouth was on fire by the end- beware! The tempura dipped in the leftover noodle sauce was my favorite part of the meal. The crispiness balanced the spicy very well. I wouldn't recommend these dishes if you think you'll have leftovers. They don't travel very well! Finally, the service was great. We asked our waitress for recommendations (as we do at most places--you would be surprised at how many servers this question trips up!). She gave great recommendations and was helpful!
5	Dang I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was based on such a small menu. Of everything we ordered, the best dishes were the pork buns, the chiang mai curry, and the kee mao. We literally ordered almost everything on the menu and the rest were just ok.Highly recommend visiting. The staff was great, parking was easy, and I loved the ambiance.BYOB and cash only.
5	Hoooooly Hell this place is good!!  Get the Pork Belly Streamed Buns!!!GET THEM!! Do it!!  They are so AMAZIIING I can't even believe it! Super soft, sweet bun with Pork that is tender and flavorful! Sweet & Spicy Pig Wings make the tongue tingle with pleasure!! The Sliced Grilled beef with lemongrass chili garlic sauce is delish and spicy:) The Love Boat with its thin rice noodles simmered beef in a rich spicy broth warms the Everything! Street Noodle #1 has rice noodles, perfectly fried tempura chicken, Bok Choy & cilantro ... Puts a tingle on the lips !! Come early cause this place fills up quick! Bring cash- and an appetite:)No credit cards!!
5	Excellent food at a great price. I used to come to this space when y was Typhoon a few years ago and they have brought their best dish forward to Noodlehead: the Chang Mai curry. The curry sauce is rich, decadent, and flavorful. The crispy noodles on top of the dish add a nice crunch. My only complaint is that the spice scale is not entirely consistent from one time to the next - sometimes a two is very mild, sometimes I have to pound the water.
5	Delicious!!! Such a deal too- $23 for a fabulous meal with two noodle dishes and the pork bun appetizer which is outrageous. Stopped by the local wine shop beforehand, BYOB. I wish I lived next to this place.
5	Noodlehead is spectacular. Perfect, tasty noodle dishes for super low prices. Ambience is really nice too. Definitely get the pork buns!
5	The interior of Noodlehead was different from most Thai places that I have experienced. There were no visible statues for devotion, bright orange paint or elephants on display. It was more of a bustling, bar like atmosphere. They did not serve alcohol and offered BYOB. The food was excellent. The pork buns were delicious as well as street noodles 1. The Chiang Mai curry was also a great dish. The staff and patrons were all very friendly even after we told them we were from Cleveland.
3	Me and the sister decided at the last minute that we wanted thai food and since east liberty is a great cultural district so I was looking forward to eating here.They were pretty busy when we first arrived. We were seated right away along with a cork style bottle of water and two glasses. The water had come out of a fridge but for some reason it was rather warm than cold. We ordered our food quickly. Two Pad thai's (shrimp and tofu) and the thai fried chicken. The fried chicken was great, very nice crisp to it and the meat was juicy and hot. The chicken comes with a sweet chili sauce for dipping which really complimented it well. Too bad I can't say the same for the pad thai. ALthough it was hot and well cooked it had absolutely no flavor. It wasn't sweet or salty but just tasted like raw noodles and veggies. I had to ask for some chili sauce to give it that sweet flavor I like. The service by the way, very very slow. We waited for sauce and food containers for nearly 20 minutes. It's BYOB here which is awesome (BEER & Wine) but i think it has BYOS too (Bring your own service). I hope you have a butler like Niles or Jeffery.
4	Like many other Yelpers have noted, the pork belly steamed buns at Noodlehead are a hit. It's worth getting (at least) one order per person because they are kind of small, but more so because they are sooo tasty you will not want to share. The menu is limited, but includes all the favorites and is very reasonably priced. Portion sizes are bigger than I was expecting. I went with my trusty Pad Thai. I ordered it medium spicy (which I think was only a 2/5!) and it was super hot. I like spicy food so I was able to handle it, but even spice lovers should order their dish a notch or two down from what they'd usually order. We didn't do BYOB this time but I think there is a small fee for it. Also, it's cash only but they now have an ATM inside the restaurant. The dining space is BEAUTIFUL! It's kind of dark inside, lots of dark wood on the walls... it has a very cool feel. P.S. When the menu says big flat noodles, they mean BIG FLAT noodles! Those babies were easily an inch and a half wide and thicker than a lasagna noodle. And they had a weird jelly-like texture I just wasn't ready for.
5	Best noodles I've had in a lot of places, hands down. Highly recommend street noodle 2, Chaing Mai curry and pork buns. The food is flavorful, rich and satisfying. Was my favorite take out spot in Pittsburgh. Only thing I would change is the lack of a phone! Makes take away always take 5-10 mins but luckily they're pretty quick with the preparation. One of the very few things I'll miss about Pittsburgh.
5	This restaurant is one of the best in Pittsburgh. I haven't had one thing here that I didn't love. No matter what, start with the Pork Belly Steamed Buns as an appetizer. They are seriously out of this world and perfect to split. As far as noodles, the Kee Mao with tofu (they have meat options, too, don't worry) was the first thing that I tried at Noodlehead. Even if you're not a big tofu fan, their's is cooked perfectly and goes well with the other ingredients in this dish really well. Highly recommended. For something a bit more saucy, my other two favorites are the Chiang Mai Curry and the Green Curry Linguine. Honestly, though, you can't go wrong at this place. A few important things: they don't take reservations and it can be packed around dinner time, alcohol is BYOB with a very small "recycling" fee, and it's cash only which is less of a big deal now that they have their own ATM. Service is not always the friendliest, but, given the price and style of the place, it's nothing to be bothered by.Go to Noodlehead. Seriously, you won't regret it.
5	I happened to walk in here for an impromptu lunch.  The food is good.  The real deal. I recommend the Chang Mai and Soup #2. Anyone who criticizes this food does not know good Thai.
4	Last weekend was my 3rd attempt at trying to eat here, but my 1st time actually eating there since I never could find parking. Note: Parking is hard to get so either come for lunch (more parking) or take transportation that doesn't require street parking!Food: I had the Pad See Yew (with tofu) and it was great! The noodles were cooked well and tasted extremely fresh. Their spicy scale goes from 1-5 and after anticipating a lot of heat from 5, I decided on a 4. I would recommend spicy eaters to just go for the 5, the 4 was not spicy at all.FOR VEGETARIANS: You can get any of the noodle dishes with tofu, but they do not offer any appetizers (or can alter any current dishes) to accommodate vegetarians. I found this a bit weird, although my friends raved about the pork buns.Service: The service was good and fast, although if you drink a decent amount of water I would request two jugs of water instead of one. One complaint I have was that the waiter did not check-in with us throughout the meal besides bringing our food, replacing the water after 15 minutes and bringing the check over (of which we had to go to the front of the restaurant to ask for).Overall: One of the better Thai eateries in Pittsburgh - a definite recommendation! Enjoy!
5	Big, big fan of Noodlehead.First off, the decor and atmosphere is very modern and trendy. Definitely loved it. It looks like it was made for the nightlife scene, which made it weird that they don't have a bar or even bottles, but it is BYOB.The parking is street only, which may be tough in that location, but we didn't have too much trouble finding some free spots in nearby neighborhood streets.The food was great. We started off with the pork belly bao appetizer. These were delicious. They were a little small, and the dough was a little too chewy, but besides that, it was the baomb. I had the Chiang Mai curry, which reminds me a lot of a Thai dish called "Khao Soi" (or are they one in the same?). Basically it's a chicken curry stew with noodles, but also topped with crispy noodles for texture. This was REALLY FREAKING GOOD, and pretty filling as well. The S/O had the Street Noodle 2, which is tempura shrimp over thin egg noodles in a sweet/sour/spicy sauce. She liked my dish more, but I thought hers was delicious... only it was a much smaller portion than mine.The spice levels are from 1-4 or 5 I think. I went with 2 for Medium, and I thought it was just right for that little kick but not too much to take away from the flavor.
4	My friend and I stopped in for dinner and had a wonderful experience. I loved how it's BYOB and drank some of the wine we brought from home. We shared the pulled pork belly buns and they had the perfect ratio of fat to pork belly. The picked cucumbers provided a fresh element to the dish. I ordered Street Noodle #1 for my main entree. The crispy chicken was absolutely delicious and were the perfect vehicle to dip in the noodle sauce. The slight sweetness of the sauce did not overwhelm the dish. I would have given all 5 stars had it not been for our waiter. He took awhile to get to our table to get our orders and also took awhile to ask if we liked our food. Other than the waiter not being attentive, the food and ambience of the place will definitely make me go back again.
5	This was an easy 5 stars for what it is.  It is a cash only homemade noodle joint that serves delicious food at a very reasonable price.  It's 'nice' enough for dinner out with friends and the BYOB policy makes it a fun evening.  But it's inexpensive enough for a weeknight fix.The food is definitely crave-able.  I've been a few times now and the food and service have been consistently great...although I have not tried a friday or saturday night when it's crazy busy.I love the pork belly steamed buns and the See Yew.  My husband loves the Pad Thai and I have heard great things about the Chiang Mai Curry from friends.  The noodles, meat and veggies are fresh.  Importantly for me the meat and veggies are not overcooked as they can often be in noodle dishes.  The portions are large and definitely left me enough for lunch the next day (and kept well to the next day).
4	After years of walking by the restaurant, I finally took a date night with a friend here. And I am glad I did- I had a lovely night. Knowing that Noodlehead has a BYOB policy (with only a .50 cork fee), we brought a nice bottle of wine to celebrate friendship and Thai goodness. I ordered the See Yew noodles, which were very good. The portions were not too big, yet not too small. The inside of the restaurant (which I believe had been renovated within the last 5 years) was incredible, plus the service was great. Being Thai cuisine, the menu was very vegetarian friendly, so I would recommend this place even more so for vegetarians. I really enjoyed my experience here, so I will definitely stop in again soon!
5	Pork Buns, Pork Buns, PORK BUNS!!!The flavor in those thing's is unbelievable.  The atmosphere in this place, indescribable, the cost to eat here, more than affordable!My good friend took me to lunch here for my birthday and I got the Crispy Chicken dish with noodles and that might of been the juiciest most flavorful chicken I had all of 2014 so far.  Oh yeah, The Pork Buns, don't even THINK about leaving this place if you don't order these.  Even if the thought of Pork Turns you off, these might Still hit the spot.Another charming place with unique twists everywhere from the small menu to how they serve you water.  Look high class for a middle class price, my type of place!Tell them HITTofMCM's sent ya!
4	I love noodlehead!!! The ambiance is the best part (next to the noodles of course). Let me just say, they have the water situation down. You sit at the table, and already there is a chilled glass bottle of water and glasses ready for you, including all of the cutlery accoutrement you could want. The service is quick, and the noodles are delicious, especially with their great tofu! My favourite is the Pad See Ew, lots of yummy broccoli with it too. Remember though, they take cash only! And parking can be a little bit of a pain. But worth it.
4	I would highly recommend this place.   The food was delicious.  We got the pork buns very good as was the Thai chicken.   I ordered the pad Thai it was excellent.  The staff was outstanding.  Very attentive.  Some of the best service.    Only downside. Parking is very limited on the street but worth the walk to eat here.
5	Inexpensive. Delicious. Highly recommended I truly felt the food is Thailand quality!
3	When I walked into this place the decor and the lighting that entered through the windows really gave it a great atmosphere. There were a lot of tables which gave me the impression that it was excellent in food as well. For appetizers we ordered the pork buns and the pig wings. Both were delicious. There aren't many places in pittsburgh that serve pork buns so this was a wonderful find. The buns weren't too soggy or too fluffy but the perfect size. The pig wings are actually like a chicken wing but made with pork and marinated with flavoring- also very delicious. Disappointed- For the main dish I ordered the street #1 because a lot of yelp users have left good comments and mouth watering pictures. But to my disappointment it was WAY too salty. It was difficult to finish the dish at all. The dish comes with deep fried chicken that gets soggy pretty quickly from the sauce. I gave this place 3 stars for their modern decor and their appetizers. If I come back and try another noodle dish I may change my ratings. One thing I do want to try next time is their BYOB.
5	Bang for your buck it's great food.
4	Phenomenal food. But seriously, no phone to call in take-out orders? C'mon now. It's bad enough that they are cash only. But seriously, the food is worth every annoyance. Five stars for food, one star for customer-friendliness.
4	Every time I visit this restaurant I am again reminded of how fantastic the menu is. For a surprisingly small and somewhat simple menu, they offer a lot of diversity. The appetizer portions are modest, especially for the price, but they are exceptionally done. I highly recommend the pork wings - their taste and presentation are simply wonderful!The decor is stunning -- rustic barn meets urban chic loft. Their complication of seating, that includes a lot of benches and stools are still surprisingly comfortable even if you linger for a while. The outdoor seating is sparse, as it is limited to the sidewalk, but it's still enjoyable, especially in off-peak hours. Bring your dollars, as this is cash only. Might as well bring some wine, as it's also BYOB. Take out is enjoyable and relatively speedy, even when the restaurant is packed. However, the presentation and perhaps even quantity, is greater if you dine in. I've never been able to stray from the curry dish when I order, but seeing other items on the menu tell me that there is no bad choice on the menu.  And with each main dish being $9, you really do get a lot of bang for your buck in that aspect. All in all, this place is a joy and highly recommended!
4	My girlfriend and I ate here tonight and were both quite pleased with our meals.  We got an order of the pork buns based on the other reviewers recommendations, and they were quite tasty and unlike anything else I've ever eaten, so I would definitely recommend giving them a try.For our main course we shared an order of chicken pad thai and see yew both at a spice level of 3 / 5.  I quite enjoy eating really spicy foods and surprisingly "hot" actually equated to quite a spicy dish.  Both dishes were were tasty and large enough to save some for later.The two majors downsides are that this restaurant only takes cash (which makes a restaurant seem cheap and generally leads to me avoiding it) and the seating leaves much to be desired in terms of comfort.  I'm tall, so the small, low stools and low table were quite uncomfortable to sit at.Otherwise, an enjoyable experience.
5	We arrived around 7:30 and were asked to wait around 20 minutes for a table, the place was PACKED on a Saturday night. However, after about 10 minutes we were offered a spot at the window bar and we grabbed it! Here's our overall experience: Food:      Pulled Pork Belly Steamed Buns [$6 for 2] are amazing, a MUST eat if you come here. The tasty pork is dripping with delicious juices and are topped with cucumber and some cilantro. They are neatly sandwiched between a soft and fluffy white steamed bun. Street Noodle #1 [$9 for a huge portion] at a level "2" spicy was pretty good, but it brought me to the edge of my spice tolerance! If you have low spice tolerance, I would recommend ordering either level 0 or 1! On the beverage side, they also have Mexican Cola, Sprite, and Fanta and a BYOB option. Service:     Amazing, 10 out of 10. The waiter was attentive and timely! He kept an eye on my iced tea and noticed before I did that it was low and refilled it! My dining companion ordered See Yew [$9] with the Thai Fried Chicken instead of just normal chicken [+$2] but when it came out, it had normal chicken. As soon as we told the waiter, he apologized and gave us a side order of the Thai Fried Chicken with no extra charge. Don't forget this place is cash only though, that's the only thing that bothered me. Atmosphere:      Casual and chic, there was a rustic feel for the place as the counters and tables were all wood and were paired with metal chairs. The music wasn't too loud that I couldn't have a conversation, and happily it wasn't the Top 40 playlist :) Great place for families or a intimate date! I'm definitely coming back.
4	Finally- Thai food that has won me over! I was never a fan of Thai food until I dined at Noodlehead this weekend.The pork bun appetizer is reminds you of the ones at Ippudo, except the pork is pulled. The bun is pillowy soft, and is worth the $3 splurge on these melt-in-your-mouth bites.The wings were pretty tasty as well- three pieces in one order. We also tried the See Yew Noodles with Chicken and the Chiang Mai Curry. I'm used to eating rice with my curry, but having chewy, wavy noodles with the curry was awesome. I actually wanted to order more noodles for the leftover curry sauce. The See Yew Noodles were really flavorful as well, the I loved the chewy texture of the flat noodles. The cold pickled cucumber garnish was a perfect complement to the spicy dishes.The best part? The dishes were under $10! This makes Cash-Only acceptable. Can't wait to try the other dishes!
2	I was definitely not impressed with this restaurant. There wasn't enough variety and my street noodle dish was subpar at best. It lacked any wow factor. The only dish I would recommend is the steamed pork bun. Literally the only thing I will go in there for. Otherwise, I would not suggest going here. It is overhyped.
3	We had a solid experience here- the food was a great price, the atmosphere is great, loved the decor & I'm a fan of a simple menu. Our waitress was nice & informative but unfortunately the fact that no one at our table could enjoy their meal because of the spice level was a little bit of a damper. We all like spicy food and ordered 1's & 2's on a scale of 5 but our food was literally covered in red-pepper flakes :(  Again, I'm no wimp to spice- I'm the girl who is usually dumping tabasco on my food but this was a whole other story. We will give it another shot because it really is a neat little spot and what we could taste of the food was definitely solid.
4	I had lunch here today. We were seated very quickly. Food was very good. I had one of the noodle soups and pad thai which was great...One suggestion is to pace courses between soup and entree. Soup was a nice portion size and did not even get 2 bites and entree was delivered...I was pleased to see that they added an A.T.M. since they do not take credit card...
5	Just got home from dinner at Noodlehead, and can't wait to go back! The Pig Wings are awesome!!!
4	Consistently good food, and good value. Stand-outs for me are the pork buns (of course), Sukhothai, and Chiang Mai noodles.
3	I'll give it a solid 3 stars.  It's a-ok; not great; not stellar, not bad, either.Pros:  Price -- 9.00 for pad thai            Taste -- my pad thai was good Cons:  Choices of beverages -- no diet coke, no alcohol (you can bring your own)             Cash only (there was a sign that there's an ATM on premises)             Comfort -- our table was way too low for any comfort factor
4	I've been here twice so far and both times the food was great! The service is ok, and the good came out quickly. The portion sizes are very good for the amount you pay. The selection is somewhat limited but they have all the staple noodle dishes. The spice chart goes from 1-5. This time u got a 3 and it was about perfect for me. If you are used to the 1-10 scale the 3 is like a7-8. Thus place is great for a casual meal just make sure you bring cash! There is an ATM if you forget to bring cash.
5	I managed to avoid the dinner rush other reviewers have mentioned, and took a seat at the bar and was promptly given a menu. I placed my order and the food arrived in minutes while I made small talk with the waiter on staff. The staff were warm and friendly, and that was just the start of my amazing dinner here.The ginger beer they offer is excellent - just enough spice and heat and not too much ginger to over power the noodles. I had the pork buns to start and they were incredible - a good blend of pork and doughy flavor.The Pad Thai was a real standout though. You can order it as hot as you want it, and I went for the Thai Hot because I love a bit of heat to my food. Noodlehead did not disappoint, and the portions are more than generous for the price. There wasn't too much sauce on the noodles, and they were thin and plentiful to pick up all the flavors. The chicken was cut up into portions a bit large for my taste, and they were a bit dry, but not enough to take away from the overall meal.If you get in before the large crowds, it's a nice place to get a good meal at a good price.
3	Ambiance is great, very trendy, but be prepared for a long wait. The food is ok, the noodles came topped with fried wanton strips which really weirded me out, but other than that the food was good. Their scale of spicyness is a little deceiving though. I got the Love Boat which already has a spicy base, so that's probably my fault, then said "medium" when they asked how spicy I wanted it (although my dinner mates said theirs were spicier than they expected too). So if you're not too into spicy, go for like... a 1. I like spicy, but it was still too much for me.
4	Thai food with a fresh and modern atmosphere! I tried this place for the first time with a couple friends as an end-of-the-semester celebration. The moment I stepped into this restaurant, I noticed the minimalist decor with warm lighting, and felt that it bordered the casual-intimate atmosphere. We were seated and given the menu. I've grown accustomed to flipping through endless pages in menus of other Thai restaurants and becoming increasingly frustrated in narrowing down my choices to three dishes, and then narrowing those down to one. Occasionally, I would have to tell my waiter/waitress to come back for me later after the rest of my party had ordered, then still spend several minutes after we devoured our appetizers to decide on my main dish. Thus, I was pleasantly surprised to see such a short menu: four appetizers, two $6 noodle dishes, and eight $9 noodle dishes. For the first time in...ages...I was able to order my meal in my first interaction with the waiter/waitress (cue the confetti and sparklers!).Most of my friends ordered Chicken Pad Thai with their level of spiciness customized to their liking. I went rogue and ordered Chicken Kee Mao with a medium-level spiciness. The presentation of the food was nothing special, just a delicious heap of noodles and chicken in a bowl. I just cared for the taste, and wow, was it tasty--and, do I dare say, SPICY! The first couple mouthfuls were bearable, but after, my tongue could barely withstand any more insult. While my friends were devouring (i.e. slurping) their noodles, I was gulping down water and cursing my poor excuse of an Asian tongue. Eventually, my friends broke out of their noodle-induced stupor and noticed my half-eaten bowl. Grudgingly, I explained my situation. They tried a bite or two of my dish and they immediately reached for their glasses of water. I let out a sigh of relief, realizing that it was not my tongue playing tricks on me. I tried a bite of their dish and it was delicious!So, I would have given five stars had my own dish not been overwhelmingly spicy. Well, I suppose I learned my lesson. No pain, no gain...right?BTW, this restaurant is CASH-only. Also, BYOB, with a $0.50 corking fee per person.
4	I would not call myself a Pad Thai expert but this is the best Pad Thai I've had.  The 1/5 spicy was still a little hot for me but it was very tasty.
4	Such a cute BYOB place. It's cash only, but the prices are so good to your pocket. We just moved here and saw this on Yelp, so stopped in for a late dinner. The waitresses were really sweet and the menu was nice and simple. We got the street food #1 (fried chicken over noodles) and curry noodles. The coconut milk in the curry was so good. I wish the noodles could soak it all up. The noodles were perfectly al dente for me.
5	This place is adorable and delicious. I had the Chiang Mai Curry and it was so flavorful and spicy. The texture of the pickled greens and shallots was really wonderful and unique. I ate as much as I could, took the rest home, and excitedly ate more of it later in the evening when I was hungry again. The decor is really beautiful. Kind of organic/industrial/modern with an Asian twist? My only complaint is the number of stools without backs. I know, they look cool, but I want to sit in a real chair, not a poof or decorative stool.
5	Oh Noodlehead. Sweet Noodlhead. Your like a flower petal floating oh so delicately on the water. A first kiss with a new lover, never to feel that rush again. But I'm a Creep. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? But wait! Don't run away! Your Chiang Mai Curry intoxicating. Your Steamed Buns moist, yet firm to the touch. Come to me once more Noodlhead. Come.
4	Oh how I dream about their pork belly steamed buns. Like seriously, I think that was the best thing I've eaten in Pittsburgh! I'm not from here and it's been a goal of mine to try as much cuisine as possible and this was the best! I hate the street noodles with fried chicken and let's be fair, after the perfect appetizer it wasn't as good. I still ate it and took some home, but I would probably go back to have those steamed buns!Side note: The service was not very good, normally I don't like to downgrade a restaurant for their service, but our server wasn't nice at all. He wasn't friendly and didn't check on us once we had ordered. We didn't see him again until we had to track someone down for our check. That was disappointing and did take away from our experience. But.. WOOHOO Pork steamed buns!
4	I've gotten over some of the weirdness of Noodlehead, and come to appreciate it for what it is: excellent, limited Thai food with some quirks.Sure, they are cash-only. But, they're also BYOB so that's awesome. They do charge a small corkage fee of $0.50/person or so.The green curry linguini and pad thai are some of the best Thai dishes I've had in the US. Always consistently and excellently cooked. Never too oily or stale tasting. Add a vegetarian appetizer option, and you'll get your 5th star.
1	Service is absolutely terrible and they do not let you sit down unless you entire party is there. We had a group of 7 with a 6th meeting us later in the evening and they would not allow us to sit.  We had to change our reservation to 6 and tell our friend he was shit out of luck. Food is good, but what the hell is that all about?
4	It's cash only and BYOB. People linger here, and they will only seat you if your entire party is present. It's a small menu, but you're able to change the spicy-ness of all the dishes and the protein. Definitely go if you like spice! It's a very cute, and chill atmosphere.
5	Love this place.  You can get it hot or not.  They only take cash.  Street noodle 2 is my favorite.  We also had Street noodle 1, pad Thai and others.
5	Love this place! The decor is cute and the atmosphere is quite nice. The staff are always friendly, not like in some of the trendier Shadyside places that try too hard to come off hip. (It's like they've forgotten the fact that they live in Pennsylvania!) The menu is simple, and the spice levels and in some cases types of meat can be customized. Everything here is somewhat spicy but not obnoxiously so unless requested. It's cash only, but there is an ATM on the premises. Since plenty of places in Pittsburgh seem to be that way, it's a feature of dining here that I've finally become used to.
5	Oh Noodlehead, how do I love thee. My gal friends and I used to frequent Noodlehead weekly. Hell, I am still there at least once a month. What I love about Noodlehead is that while the menu is small, every thing that I have had on it is excellent. There is a certain element of comfort that comes with knowing exactly what you are going to order for dinner later, and how it is going to taste. The standout dish for me is the chiang mai curry. I can not speak to it's authenticity, but this curry is everything I have ever wanted in a curry. It is creamy from the coconut milk, warm, and the pickled mustard greens add an interesting element. It is a fairly large dish so I always have leftovers to take with me (and when I say leftovers I really mean a few tablespoons of curry). My other favorite dish is the Kee Mao which I get with tofu. Their tofu is crispy on the outside and is the perfect texture. It soaks up the spicy basil sauce from the dish. The BYOB part is probably my favorite thing about Noodlehead. PS: there is a liquor store nearby in East Liberty right off of Highland Ave.
5	Cheap, SPICY and BYOB.  What else do you need?  Oh yeah food.  I have had or sampled everything on the menu and have enjoyed everything including shrimp dishes (considering I don't like shrimp says a lot.)The pork buns are amazing and I hate sharing them!  On weekends the wait can be long since they don't take reservations but the friendly staff will happily open your wine while you wait.  Ask and they will put beer in the cooler for you as well.CAUTION their spice scale (1-5) is very, very hot at a 3!  I can't imagine ordering a five so beware.
5	Delicious. I had the see yew with chicken. Cash only so be aware of that but for only $9 it was definitely worth the wait and the hype!
4	I ordered the Street Noodle No 2 and loved it! Although it could have been a little more food, the spice was perfect. My boyfriend, however, ordered one of the Curry dishes and did not love it - he described it as "too much going on in one dish." I'd go back, but my boyfriend won't.
5	Hands-down the best Thai in town(I have no idea how authentic it is since I'm not Thai and have never been to Thailand)I first went to this place two weeks ago and have visited three more times since. I tried their pad Thai, loveboat, street #1, pulled pork buns and liked them all. Adequate portions, affordable price($6 for smaller noodles, $9 for bigger ones). Definitely would visit (many times) again!
5	Holy... wow... sooooo good! I love Thai Place on Walnut down the street too, but Noodlehead is really freaking good!At first I was bummed there wasn't Tom Kha soup on the menu, but it turns out that it's fine because the Chaing Mai Curry is like Tom Kha soup filled with delicious noodles and oh so freaking delicious!!! I've had the Street Noodle 1 as well and that was pretty dang delicious too. The Thai fried chicken is yummy!A note on spiciness - I got a 3 and it was quite warm, but still good. I could probably eat a 4 but would be in pain, so I'm guessing that a 5 is way out of my league. This comes from a SoCal native married to an Indian, so I do spice and I do spice well - meaning, they're serious about their spice, but not crazy about it. But don't underestimate it either. (I'm rambling now, I'll skip to the rest...)I think what's best is that you can tell that they really devote their time to making GOOD food and I think the limited menu helps with that. The dishes are presented well and are not overly oily.This would be a great early date location as the ambiance is cool, but not too overbearing. And of course, it's super affordable BYOB - so yay wine!
5	Best Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh. You can tell that they use high quality ingredients and the prices are decent. I got the pork buns, love boat and pad see ew with chicken. All delicious and plenty of food to share between myself and my fiance.  Their spice scale is 1-5 as opposed to 1-10 so be careful :)I just wish they had a phone number so I could call a takeout order and as others have said it's cash only.
3	Limited menu, but very good quality. Spice levels are a bit higher than most. It's all cash. Service was fair.
4	Don't know why it took me so long to eat here. I must walk by a couple of times a week. Well, today we had lunch here and it was fantastic.  Fried chicken was a perfect appetizer for two, and I had the beef soup "Love Boat", which was also hearty and delicious and more than enough for lunch. A note of caution, if you order something hot (3) it's like a seven or eight on a traditional Asian spiciness scale.  Service was a non-issue, they were not very busy yet, but everyone we spoke to was very friendly and courteous. Can't wait to come back for dinner.
5	Easily one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Why? It is consistent, enjoyable and I appreciate BYOB. The only downside is that they have no phone, taking away the possibility of a reservation so I do go less than I would otherwise. It is an awesome place to go grab a bite, highly suggest getting the See-Yew (with chicken).
5	This place is the Platonic Form of comfort food.  Noodlehead is my neighborhood noodle joint and I want to eat it all the time.  The restaurant is a little too precious for its own good in some ways-- they don't take credit cards and they don't have a phone??--but the food is so yum that I forgive them.  It's BYOB and almost all the noodle dishes are $9, so it's a super inexpensive date night, if you can get a table.  I still really wish they'd offer me a telephone number so I could call ahead for takeout. So on to the food.  The pork steamed buns are a must-try appetizer.  I often threaten to go there and just get multiple orders of these for dinner, but it hasn't happened just yet.  My favorite noodles are the pad see yew--sweet, tangy, and good balance of ingredients.  The green curry linguini is great, though I wish it had some veggies. Note that everything is quite spicy, so a 3 out of 5 spice is more akin to a 7/8 out of 10 at a lot of other Thai places.   There is nothing disappointing on the menu.  One of the best values around, for sure.
5	I absolutely adore the ambiance here.  I ordered the Street Noodles #2 and it was very good.  Flavors are just right.  I asked for spice level 3 and it came out to be much spicier than I thought and when the server saw I was sniffling and red he gladly replaced it for me without extra charge.  I came at 3pm and it was almost empty so I avoided the crowd which was nice.
5	Such a great business! Food, atmosphere, and staff are always on point. Yes there is usually a wait but that's what happens when a business does good work.
5	it's the only thai food in the city that is palatable. Even though smiling banana is much closer to my house, Noodlehead is consistent, always delicious, though the menu is small, everything is amazing. Thanks to it's affordability, you can also eat here frequently. The staff is also great.
4	The setting is very nice. Came here with a good friend of mine to catch up. First of all the restaurant is clean and appealing to the eye with its unique look. Very beautiful interior.The menu was small and simple. My friend got the street noodle #1 and I got the pad Thai! I loved the pad Thai! Very good and his street noodles seemed delectable but not as good!Appetizer I got was the sliced beef which was real juicy with a kick!The waiter was pretty attentive bringing bottles of water soon after we finished. The only complaint I had was the 15 minutes we waited for him to take the check back- not a big deal but it was kind of long- especially because they weren't busy. Overall really good dining experience! 4.5 stars. Will return! Remember it is byob and a cash only business.
4	The food here gets five stars--I had the street noodles with Thai fried chicken, and it was delicious. I am subtracting one star for slightly slow service, and the fact that the whole establishment is cash-only, which can create some problems among potential patrons.
5	Gotta get some more cash so I can throw it at Noodlehead again. It's an excellent place to grab a bite of Thai food in Pittsburgh, and you don't have to pay that much to get it!+ My friend and I were seated quickly at 6:30 PM on a Sunday night, but you could tell how popular this place is! The tables around us were all full. Great atmosphere for catching up with friends or for a casual date night. + Lovely service. Our waitress was around at very appropriate times and always attentive to what we needed. +/- Menu is somewhat limited, but it also makes it easier to pick.+ Super tasty Thai food. My friend and I loved the pork buns! Perfect textures and flavors. Pay attention to the spice scale, and you'll love your main dishes too.- Cash only, so be prepared. On the bright side, there's an ATM in the restaurant now.Until we learn to reverse engineer the pork buns, I definitely think we'll be back sometime in the future.
4	The food was very good! I got the chaing curry and it was creamy and had a great spicy coconut taste (I ordered spice level 2). The pork steamed buns were as good as everyone in here say it is. SO GOOD! My only compliant is the uncomfortable chairs with no backs. They are so uncomfortable and hard. Otherwise noodlehead has a new fan!!
4	The pork buns are a must to start.  I usually go with the street noodle number one.  The chicken that they place over the noodles is really something special.  Be careful with the heat because their 1-5 scale can be a bit deceiving.  "I like it spicy, but not like uhhh spicy."
4	A restaurant warm with wood heavy decor with a very simple menu and reasonable BYOB rates, Noodlehead is winner. With outdoor seating to soak up the (sometimes) beautiful Pittsburgh weather and a great selection of Thai inspired noodle dishes, it's hard not to have a good time. Give the Pork Belly Steamed Buns a try, a warm soft bun with pulled pork and sweet cucumber slices, they are a treat.Nick SmartoNick Smarto
4	Every city in the country needs a place like this - cheap, fast, great ambiance and extraordinarily delicious! Its like providing the authentic hole-in-the-wall food experience without being a hole-in-the-wall. We got the pork buns which came out way too fast - probably 2 mins after we placed our order and could have been warmer and/or fresher but it was all uphill from there. The sukothai and chang mai noodles were the right amount of spicy for us (3) and had so many amazing flavors! We loved this place.Downside is they don't take credit cards but nothing should deter you from going here and trying it at least once and probably more!
4	Very good service , and very budget friendly menu without sacrificing taste and flavor. When you don't want to cook Noodlehead Pgh. My favorite dish is Street Noodle #1. The crunchy, breaded chicken over the Asian noodles is delicious. If your not a fan of spice, I would  recommend  a level one as far as spice level. My girlfriend loves the Pad Thai. In my opinion, the only down fall is the limited menu, but some may like not having to many choices.
5	I live in a fussy neighborhood. It's difficult to find a simple and inexpensive place to grab a quick meal around here. Luckily, we have Noodlehead (still the Thai place that was already there, now improved). For under $25 bucks, we get two meals (which we always take almost half of home for lunch the next day) of really well made Thai food that happens to be in a BYOB, casual but cool place that's a block away.. in an eastern Pittsburgh neighborhood. If you don't know, the premise itself for that to exist is incredible. This place is 4 stars for the food--I'm a loser and am stuck on the pad thai or street noodle #1 (Thai fried chicken!!!), but my +1 always gets something different and has never been unhappy--which is incredible, "atmosphere" (it just looks cute), and service. Four stars in one sentence. Sheesh.The 5th star is for how easily we can get here, get food, and get on with our evening .. or hang out with our (cheeeeap corkage fee'd) bottles. I'm not saying sometimes there isn't a half hour wait. If you're going during typical dinner hours, put your name in, go grab wine at the W&S a block away, and get ready for pounds of noodles.
5	CASH ONLY. NO RESERVATIONS. Heck...NO PHONE to call ahead and place an order for pickup, either.It's okay, though...they make up for those slight inconveniences by offering delicious food at a fair price, a lively, but cozy atmosphere, and being BYOB!The space is really nice, and always packed after about 6 or so. I wouldn't recommend stopping in with a larger group unless you a) get there early, or b) aren't in a rush, because you'll definitely be waiting. The service is good, and the staff has always been nice, whether we at in or got takeout.As for the food, I love it. It's obviously subjective, but their noodle dishes more-or-less rival my favorite dishes from other Thai places in Pgh. The pad thai is flavorful, but lacks the oiliness that Nicky's (one of my favorites on flavor) tends to have. The pad see yew is predictably sweet, the kee mao is awesome in it's own right and always battles it out for my noodle dish of choice. Those are the only three that I've tried and I've really enjoyed them all...so much so that I haven't felt the need to stray...yet.Their snacks also win me over. I enjoyed the Thai fried chicken, but it wouldn't be my first choice. The slice grilled beef is awesome, as well, but if you're only going to order one thing on the "snacks" menu, you MUST try the pork belly steamed buns. Every time we order them, I always wish I had ordered another order (or two). The texture, with the pillowy bun and the flavors...droooooool. It's also fairly-priced. For example, you can grab takeout for two (two noodle dishes) for under $20. Yeah, it's not the cheapest noodles you'll ever find, but you won't feel like you overspent by any means after you try the noodles. The food also comes out fast, whether you order dine-in or takeout, so don't be deterred due to the lack of being able to call ahead to place your to-go order. It'll be out in a matter of minutes! Enjoy!
5	Came alone on business. Very nice urban feel decor. Menu is small but nice variety.Cash Only but everything on the menu is very inexpensive. Excellent place alone or with friends.
5	This place is fantastic. I had the green curry linguini with clam and the pork belly sliders. They were both fantastic, sophisticated flavors and high quality ingredients. This is my favorite Thai food in Pittsburgh. They mean what they say about the spice level--I got a 3/5 and it was actually spicy, which was enjoyable.
4	Two meals from here have been great. One was takeout which was prepared super fast which was nice.I have no problem with cash-only, but the no phone thing is is a hipster hair away from being pretentious.
5	One of my favorite restaurants with my girlfriend. We go here on a biweekly basis. Cash only, reasonably priced on portions - in most cases enough food for leftovers for a lunch the following day. We have had all the dishes on the menu - both street noodles are great, but my favorite is the pad thai. With it being BYOB, you can stop at the wine and spirits right around the corner and pick out a bottle for your date or group.Crowds have picked up around 645/7 pm Monday nights - no problem getting a table for 2/4/6 at 6 PM
4	We visited this restaurant a while ago. I found the setting to be really comfy and fun. I shared a few dishes with my partner. We ordered a few noodle dishes, which were delicious, but not something I can remember a few months later. The pork belly buns were a little different than others I had tried. Overall, it was a really nice environment in a trendy area.
4	When I wana seem way more worldy than I actually am I go on and on about my favorite pho place and craft beer.  Didnt have pho or craft beer here though.  Saw that this place was BYOB so we walked 2 blocks over to a liquor store and bought a twist off bottle of some white wine.  I prefer a 40 but the hip, young professionals in this place and part of town would have scoffed for sure.  Had steamed pork belly bun and some flat nooble dish with skrimps and basil.  Both were friggin great and I wana come back and try more!  People in reviews keep crying about cash only...this place is cash only.  ATM isnt only an awesome sex act....it dispences money....to use here...
