3	In the grand scheme of indian food, Chef Guru is just so so.But their Tandoori Pita is literally the BEST THING ON PITA that I've ever had. It's loaded with fresh veggies and tender tandoori chicken, and it's only $4 with tax.You should definitely try the pita.
4	Delicious, cheap Indian food made to order in the plateau, I'm a fan. This family run joint is small but their food is super tasty. They have the same amount of Vegetarian items as they do meat items and the portions are large. For $9.00 I got the Vegetarian Thali which included two dishes, rice, samosa and a drink.I love supporting local family establishments and I also love eating good food. I'm glad I found this place because its a bit of both.
4	Uh, it's that good, just uh! The curry poutine is why this place knows what it's talking about. You will love ittttt!
4	We happened upon this nondescript, hole-in-the-wall establishment after not being able to enter a more popular one across the street. Needless to say, we were very satisfied with our ad-hoc "backup choice."Although she is a cheese lover, my girlfriend ordered the standard tandoori chicken, and I selected the cheese-laden curry poutine, unbeknownst to me how much of a delight it ended up being. (My girlfriend ended up eating most of my dish, while I settled with hers, haha.)Both dishes were excellent and better than some of the more formal restaurants I've tried at Indian Square in my own neck of the woods. Frankly, Mr. Guru needs to open a store in the New York City area. Until then, if you happen to be in the Montreal area, you must drop by this hidden gem.
3	This little hole-in-the-wall is a great option for vegetarians, as their many veggie meals are really affordable (starting at $4.99, I believe).I was disappointed with the chicken curry; the flavours were pretty 1-dimensional, and there was lots of dairy in the sauce (it was not butter chicken).  I wonder if that's changed under new ownership... I should try it again. The fish & chips is definitely not the best in the city, as is their claim, and for what you get, it's slightly overpriced.  The last time I went, the TV was blaring at a completely ridiculous volume. The decor is pretty rough, but the value for money really helps to make up for this. Too bad the original owner's gone, he was really nice!  He gave us free gulab jamun once!
5	Especially known for their curry poutine, Chef Guru is a budget-minded favorite of mine in the Plateau. Guru recently sold the restaurant, but the new ownership maintains my favorites. The Vege Thali plate is a rotating assortment of curry vegetables that are very filling and a bargain at $4.99. If you want great, hearty Indian food, Chef G is the place for you!
4	Yum and yes please to this spicy curried poutine, good lord. Served sizzling in a skillet with extra crispy fries, true squeaky curd cheese, and a smokin curry sauce that sets fire to the rain and to your insides in the best possible way. For me this mother was big enough for two meals, and I liked it both sitting in the tiny storefront, and again refried up in a steaming smushy stack of goodness at home. The spicy was serious enough to make me tear, which is how I like it. I found the Chef Guru owner to be friendly and maybe a little shy, but proud of his wares when prodded. A few locals came in to order the $4.99 veggie thali and traded notes on how happy they all were to have a tasty inexpensive option for good Indian in the area.  Not fancy, it's a little hole in the wall with the tv on and the decor friendly but improvised, but if you're interested in all things poutine, I do suggest you try this one on for size.
4	This is a regular spot when I am in Montreal, very non-expensive for a great vegetarian veggie-tali, did not like the poutin however, but doesnt stop me from going!
3	Get the curry poutine extra spicy.This place is always a hit or miss. The chicken can either be really good, or of pretty low quality so I try to stay away from the chicken now. Samosas are generic but satisfying, and the standard plates served with naan are pretty standard. I think it's only main attraction is the curry poutine, which is pretty good and always satisfying. Ask for it extra spicy and extra cheese, it's almost always free.
4	I've been a few times and am consistently pleased with their food, particularly the curry poutine which is everything it's cracked up to be (also note that it is a massive amount of food). The flavours here are not super fancy or complex but always enjoyable. Protip: if you ask to use their bathroom, they will let you behind the counter and through the kitchen so you can see the old Indian ladies prepping the food in the back. Pretty sweet.
3	This place is pretty much the equivalent of a greasy spoon/casse-croute for Indian food. It's cheap, decent quality and prices, always tasty, but will sometimes give you a but of indigestion. I'd recommend any of the following:- Vege Thali- Non-Vege Thali- Tandoori Chicken Pita- and the Curry PoutineThey staff is also really friendly, and quick to remember you if you go back, so that really adds to the whole neighbourhood greasy spoon feel.
3	Really just not very tasty. I had the saag chicken, and it had absolutely no flavor. Total miss.That was unfortunate, but what really got me was the fact that there was a 1" long razor sharp piece of chicken bone in the mix. I had to constantly second guess every bite before swallowing.Avoid.
4	First things first, The name of this place is Chef Guru G and not Chef Guru. It resembles a hole in the wall. This place doesn't even try to look fancy. I'd heard people raving about their curry poutine, So I wanted to try it out. There were around 6 people in this restaurant  havin the same thing. The CURRY POUTINE. It was spicy and delicious. A perfect amalgamation of  Quebecois & Pakistani cuisine.  So far one of the best poutine variations I've tried in the city. They take a while to prepare it. It gives me hope (or false hope) that they make it fresh.Food : GreatService :Friendly / SlowAmbiance : Hole in the wallWorth the price : Yes
5	I would go back a third time.  It is really good for the price.  Vege thali for 5$ and samosas.  I was impressed.  There was this other guy in there at the time who was raving to his friends about the Indian poutine- next time I'll try it!    Great lunch spot, although the ambiance isn't amazing( not that I care too much about that, the food speaks for itself
4	I got a veggie thali to go, and I was very happy with it. Good portion for the price, and still hot when I got home. It tasted really good, maybe if I eat in I will ask them for a bit more heat. Friendly guy at the counter who took my order. The only thing I have to point out is that the samosa was way undercooked. Like, doughy on the inside. The outside was crispy, filling was flavorful, but the doughiness ruined it. Maybe it was a one time thing (will update accordingly). Otherwise, impressed by this cheap meal option.Edit: Tried the thali again, and this time the samosa was perfect. This will definitely be a too-lazy-to-cook option for me.
