5	BEST hair cut in Scottsdale! If you want a nice clean professional cut, this is the place. I highly recommend.
5	Great place to get a hair cut! I would definitely recommend to a friend.
5	I really like haircut and the service you receive from Eddie and the guys. Top notch, old style type of shop that is very welcoming.
5	This barber shop, managed by Boris, is a top-notch place to get a professional haircut.  The barbers are highly experienced and they genuinely care for their customers. I live in North Scottsdale, but I gladly make the drive to Shaving Grace Barber Shop because I can count on getting a great haircut every time.
5	Great place to get a quality haircut. Service is top notch....hot towel, shoulder massage and attention to detail make this a classic barbershop.Boris and the crew are pros and take pride in making you look sharp.
5	Great haircut and prices can't be beat. Great shop and personalities! Awesome place.
5	Showed up very early on a Sunday morning. Only place thats open so early and that fits perfectly with my schedule. Got a cut with Boris. Great place with TV's in each barber station  and old school barber chairs, I really felt comfortable here. Great attention to detail and focused on service. Looking forward to my next cut in a few weeks.
5	Top notch hair cut by old school barbers who pay attention to details and still treat the whole experience as a craft and not a sales pitch.  Excellent cut and even better service.
5	Those who know Primo know that I'm the risk-taking, living-on-the-edge gambler type, the sort your mom warned you against, the sort that has no problem letting strange barbers take their razor and scissors to my head with nothing but a Yelp recommendation for safety and comfort. That's why, when I found myself in dire need of a haircut while on business in Scottsdale-Phoenix, I ended up in the very competent, very talented, and very hilarious hands of the father and son duo that run this follicle trimmery a couple of blocks from the W Hotel where I was staying. The shop has the clubby feel of a man cave, with plush leather chairs, baseball memorabilia on the walls, and tvs tuned to The Fugitive (love that movie!). The experience was replete with mild racist, ageist and misogynist humor, the sort that sets apart an established shop from the crappy corporate owned chains whose sole intention is to upsell unnecessary products. At Shaving Grace, on the other hand, the only thing being sold aside from an excellent haircut is an old-world, graceful experience, and Primo now has a new go-to barber in Phoenix. Highly recommended.
5	Hands down best haircut in Scottsdale. I have been to many other barbershops in Scottsdale and been disappointed by the haircut I received, but  Shaving Grace is a cut above the rest. I have had my haircut by several of the barbers who work here and have never left disappointed. Bottom line if you wanna look sharp head over to Shaving Grace.
5	This is the best barber shop in Scottsdale.
5	I always love finding a good place to get a haircut and Shaving Grace is as good as it gets. Opened for only about six months and located very close to my office, Shaving Grace has the feel of an old school barbershop with the modern day class and style of today. Boris took care of my hair and made it look great, he's also a good guy to talk with. The haircut, the conversation, the hot towel, and the shoulder rub at the end were all excellent and I walked out both looking and feeling great.Shaving Grace is a great new addition to modern barbershops in the Valley and one to which I will definitely be returning.Highly recommended!
5	My new local spot! I am very particular on my hair cuts and used to make a bit of a drive to get what I wanted. Not any more. These guys know there stuff and take their time which is most important to me. Classy joint and good humor in here. Thx.
5	Excellent.  Maybe the best in the city.
5	Not all barber shops are created equal!  Shaving Grace is the barber shop of barber shops.  I would challenge anyone to tell me where you can get a better haircut in the valley.  It's the complete package, You sit in an old fashioned, reconditioned barber char, the haircut is not rushed, it is precise  and treated like a work of art, followed by a straight edge razor shave with a steaming hot towel and old fashioned Pinaid "Clubman" barber shop after shave to soothe your face, then finished off with a relaxing shoulder massage.  In true barber shop fashion, the conversation is as good as the haircut.  Eddie, Borris and Anthony have solved all of the worlds problems (especially Borris) and are eager to share that with you.  They are all just great guys.  I always have a good laugh when I'm there.  I look forward to my visits with these guys every few weeks.  On a side note, I started going to these guys more than seven years ago at their old location. Borris and Eddie would cut my hair then.  When I was there they told me about their cousin Anthony who had a Gyro restaurant (Shish Kabobs) in the same mall. I became a regular there as well.  Anthony recently sold the restaurant and got his license to cut hair.  He is now cutting hair at the barber shop too.  Anthony has cut my hair twice. His haircuts are as good as his Gyro sandwiches and they were the best in town!Shaving Grace, Great Haircut! Great Guys!  Great Entertainment!  Great Value!
5	Great traditional barber. Had a great haircut, and nice detailed shave, old school!  This is the kind of men's grooming service you just don't get very often these days.  Knew my military style cut without me having to explain it like I do at strip mall bargain cutters.  You feel confident they know what they're doing.
5	Being from NYC I have high expectations from a barber and their shop. I can surely attest that my experience with Boris was well up to my standards. The haircut came out just like I wanted, clean and tight. Aside from the cut I liked the way the shop is setup with the old school chairs and tv's at each station. I will definitely be returning in 2 weeks and will certainly be referring/recommending this shop. Thanks Boris!-Paul
5	This is the best Barber Shop I've been to in decades. Eddie is a damn maestro, I'm tellin' ya. Just finished my first visit and I'm sold for life. It's the real deal. I'm not a 5 Star poster, usually, but this place is worthy.
5	Boris and his crew are the best, these guys are real pros! I found these guys when I first moved to the area two years ago and they've never let me down. For my sons and I, there's not another baber shop in town. Dave LambertScottsdale
5	Hands down the best haircut I've ever had! I was working in Arizona for the week and was looking for a spot I could get a good haircut. I came across Shaving Grace and got exactly that. The guys are easy-going. You basically get a haircut/ shave and a show.
5	I've been telling Boris I would write him a review for awhile now. Here goes:I show up for my haircut late while Boris talks shit to me and continues to eat his bacon and eggs out of a stirofoam box. My fault I am 5 minutes late BUT I was happy to let him stuff his face before he cut my brillo patch. After all, he works really hard cutting hair all day long. Often I wonder how he cuts his own hair but oddly enough the poor bastard doesn't have any. You bald dick, you. Getting to the point Shaving Grace is a great place to go. They always have a story that will make you laugh and they usually don't screw up on the whole hair cutting part either. But, let's be honest Boris - you got nothing on Eddie when it comes to cutting my Jew fro.
5	I gave Shaving Grace a shot on a whim due to another plan falling through. This place is awesome! I've never been to New York and have no experience with the mafia but this place has that cool 1920s feel to it. Everyone that works there makes you feel like you been their friend for ages and my haircut and a shave were top notch. My only complaint? They need some LA Dodgers swag in there!
5	Consistently professional. Listens. To your desires. Appointments kept on time. Clean. Full supply of grooming supplies. Maintains the highest standards for entire staff. Perfectly matches the cut to all age and hair types. It's the b ed St Al a great price! P'S great shaved too.
5	The best! I've lived all over! I always have people coming up to me and asking, "Where do you get your hair cut?" Everyone there does a great job!
5	My best find since moving to Scottsdale!Shaving Grace exceeded my expectations. Cool, old world shop. All of the previous reviews are spot on. Clientele during my visit ranged from early 20's to late 50's. I highly recommend Alex and look forward to my return visit in a few weeks!
5	Took me a while to find this place but now I am a loyal customer!
5	Unbelievable experience!  Just moved here from Chicago and my mom is a hair stylist.  I've always been very wary of getting my hair cut as I never had to pay for it.  I was done up by Radi and he was absolutely amazing!  Attention to detail and precision were second to none.  Best haircut in my life!
5	Great place, TV's in every booth, skilled barber gave me a clean scissor cut and shaved around my hairline with a shaving blade. Very professional and skilled barbers, 2nd to none. Thank you guys for the great cut!
5	Overall outstanding experience. Made a call, in the chair less than 30 minutes later. Quality fixtures, talented barbers. Will definitely return for my monthly cut.
5	When I know I have a trip to Scottsdale planned I wait and get a hair cut here. Eddy is old school. And his sons are just like him. You get your hair cut, razor to neck line and ears, trim eyebrows. Then comes the shoulder massage and hot towels to the face. Best ever.
5	Boris, Eddie & the crew at Shaving Grace are my "barbers for life." I cannot speak volumes enough about how fantastic the quality of their haircuts for me and my 2 sons.  Also pretty entertaining & likable guys. Besides, where can you go in Metro Phoenix  / Scottsdale and get your haircut in a chair right next to a Phoenix Sun player?
5	Got a haircut from Izzy today and dude knows what he is doing. Nice spot. If you guys need somebody that knows how to cut hair, Izzy is ur man.
5	Been going here for years since they were located up in north scottsdale. Best hair cut I've gotten in Arizona. Tried multiple other barbers in the area none come close. The more you go the better they will take care of you. Don't be cheap tip them well a few bucks goes a long way.
5	Terrific cut. Lots of chairs so little to no wait. Easy parking. Plenty of jokes and good times. Why wouldn't you go to the best Barber in Scottsdale/PV?
5	Once again Boris and his crew have gone above and beyond. I brought my twin boys in a few weeks ago for haircuts, and describing them as ferrell animals is being kind. Boris handled them like a true pro and gave each an outstanding haircut. I've said it before, but it  bears repeating- this is the ONLY barber shop for me and my boys.
5	This is an awesome barbershop! Boris got me all nice and cleaned up perfectly for my wedding plus the guys are funny as hell with the conversations and jokes going around. Definitely a recommended place!
5	I was happy when I found out Boris went on his own and opened his own barber shop. I had been going to his Dad Eddie at his father's formenr shop for over 7 years. Eddie came on board with his son and I was reunited with my great father and son barbers. Now I see Boris more than I see his dad. He has stayed late for me on more than one occasion and when you find guys like these it's worth the extra drive. The reading material is always top notch. The hot towels, warm shaving cream, and shoulder massage make me feel like I'm back in Brooklyn. I will be seeing them for sure for the next 7 years
5	WOW! These guys are GREAT! Eddie gave me a terrific haircut.  I was in from NYC and needed a quick cut before the week started.  Fantastic outcome and really friendly too! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED from someone who usually goes to John Allan in NYC and Trueffitt & Hill in Chicago
5	The Shaving Grace is a great place for haircut and will enjoy Boris and Eddie's views on everything in life from sports, politics, medicine (yes, Boris is half doctor :)-), philosophy and more...it's a great experience with excellent service. Keep up the good work. Abhay K
5	The search is over.  You have found your new barber. 5 starts says it all.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Alex gave me the best haircut and beard trim I've ever had. These guys know what they're doing. $19 for a haircut and $10 for a beard trim and it was worth every penny.
5	Still amazing! I've now had 3 different barbers cut me (Alex and Izzy now) and they are all great!
5	I've been looking for a true Barbershop for a min and this is the place.  Boris is as advertised and my man Rudy is Legit; he is an artist with the clippers!! Located right next to Sprouts..check em out.
5	Well I don't know where to begin. I moved from the Washington, D.C. Area year ago, and I'm by far the pickiest you will ever meet. I can not write enough to express how amazing this barber shopIs. As an openly gay male they treat everyone as an equal. The owner has a  close family member Chris who works at the shop and helps run the every business for the owner but also doubles as a barber himself. I can ensure you hands down you will never meet a group of people that are so welcoming and kinds as the staff at this shop. I was clunky and blessed  to have found a shop like this... I make sure I attended this shop weekly for a cut and each week I laugh more and more. For a gale male it's amazing to find such a welcoming group of people than the staff at mikes barbershops!! I've never felt so welcome and love in my life!! This is a must go to place no matter where your located!!!!
4	In bad need of a haircut and couldn't do a walk in with my usual stylist gave this place a try at the suggestion of a friend who had recommended this place.  Good hair cut, nice service, and like the walk in availability.  Would recommend but wish they were open on Saturday as I need another haircut.
5	This is the best barber in all of Scottsdale. Boris and his staff are great at what they do and talking to them is pure entertainment. I have tried several other barbers since moving here and keep coming back to Shaving Grace. It is clean, the barbers are experienced, and they are flexible with appointments.
5	It's pretty simple why this place is the best. Respect: they will remember your name and treat you like you are the reason you are in business. Fun: always laughter and joking going on the whole time. Quality/speed: absolute precision when it comes to haircuts and beard trims and they work as if you are late to your next appointment.
3	The guys here are great, the shop is kept clean, and they do a good job. I just don't think it was worth what they are charging. I get my hair cut on an average of once every 1 1/2 weeks. I just moved down here to Arizona and based on the reviews, went here first. The guys were friendly and very professional. The first time I went I asked them to just trim a little off the top and for a medium fade, and I stressed the "little" part. I wasn't happy with the end result, but it was too late, it was already too short. I should have known the size I needed to be more specific, so it's not completely their fault. I gave them another chance and was happier the second time. I wasn't, however, happy with the price. No military discount either (not that I expect it). I now to go to a different barber shop in Tempe that does just as good of a job, if not better for about half the price. (and they still use the straight razor for trimming). So all thing considered, this is a good barber shop if the high price doesn't bother you. I'm only  giving it three stars because of that. It's not like i'm getting my hair styled.. it's just a medium fade...
5	The moment you walk in you are instantly greeted by the staff. The owner boris will do a great job making you feel comfortable and introduces himself right away. First impression it is a really clean place. Looks classy and simple. Love the atmosphere. Makes you feel like your back in NY. I got cut up by Simon. Simon was very professional. He is very detail oriented and customer service focused. We had a good conversation and shared a few laughs. Beside the haircut you get a straight blade edge up and a hot towel but it doesn't end with the towel you get a massage as well. All in all an awesome shop with friendly barbers. Highly record if your in the Scottsdale area that you give this place a shot.
5	As a guy who typically visits high priced salons for a haircut I was pleasantly surprised and happy with the cut I received from Simon.  An East coast guy who knows how to use a razor.  He was always checking to see how I liked what he was doing, ensuring I was happy when I left.   Ask for Simon leave happy.
5	Great place and entertaining staff.  Second time walk in for me and as with the first time welcomed by Boris and crew.  I don't recall the name of the original person who cut my hair but this time it was Rubin and I'd rate it as the best cut and style I've had in a long time.  These guys obviously have fun on the job and based on a few stories they were sharing have fun outside of work too, highly recommend.
5	Literally the best haircut I've ever received. There was a new employee who initially starting cutting my hair, and she did a great job, but Boris was very attentive and made sure to check that she was cutting my hair properly. I felt like both Boris and the new employee actually cared about how I looked and Boris definitely takes pride in what he does. There's no better feeling than walking out of a barber shop with an amazing haircut. You literally cannot find a better deal than this place. I'll be back for sure.
2	I recently moved to the area and tried out this place last month since yelpers had great things to say about it.  The place was very clean and the guys were great, very friendly and entertaining and they offered everyone drinks. I don't remember what the gentleman's name was but he was on the far end. First of all, I'm Asian and I know my hair can be somewhat hard to cut sometimes. I asked him for a little bit off the top and a tight #1 faded up. Same thing I've gotten for years. I don't think the guy cutting my hair was licensed at all and had no idea how to cut my hair. When I asked for an inch off the length on top, he just took the clippers and shaved the top of my head all the same length. He never once touched a pair of scissors. No layering, no texturizing - just clippers. He did what you would do if you wanted a buzz cut: #1 guard on the clippers front to back all around my head. This is not how you cut hair - that's how you shave a head! When he saw me not liking what he was doing he kept repeating, "don't worry, don't worry". I was about ready to just get up and leave with my hair a mess (I should've). I left disgusted with my head looking horrible. I almost went somewhere else to have them fix it, but there really wasn't much hair left to do anything with. I feel bad for giving them a crappy review since all the guys were very nice and the shop is pretty sweet, but when it comes down to it, at least one of them doesn't know how to cut hair.
5	Shaving Grace is an awesome place to get a haircut and shave. The guys take a lot of time and effort on each haircut they give and their shaves are the best I've ever had. They don't take too long but it's just long enough to feel like you're getting a quality cut. There's a reason why this place has maintained a 5/5 star rating.
5	Great place to get yourself fresh. Three weeks latter and I'm still on Low Maint! (Top and Front). Ask for the first chair who is Borris. Cash only folks..
5	Finally,  a place I can get my haircut knowing that it's gonna look good every time.  You can tell these guys love what they do and they look at being a barber as a craft not a job. More people should take pride in their work like Shaving Grace. Keep up the good work!
5	This is the first review I've written on yelp for a very good reason. I was waiting for something special and Shaving Grace is it! After a whole lot of research I decided that this was the place. All of the guys are so friendly and welcoming and I left with the best haircut I've ever had. If you have decided to get serious about your hair, give Shaving Grace a shot.
5	I'm going to keep this short and simple. BEST BARBER SHOP IN THE VALLEY! I drive 30min to get there! It's worth it!Everyone is super talented! I've never had a bad experience. I highly recommend Shaving Grace! Trust me when I say you won't find better! It's the only place I will go from here on out!
5	I have been getting my hair cut by Boris or his dad Eddie for the last 7 years. It is by far the best barbershop, with elite service, that I have ever been to. I travel all over the country for my profession and have never found any place close. As a matter of fact, If I know I'm heading out of town, I make sure to stop by and see them first as I have come to the conclusion that I'd rather not waste my time anywhere else..ever again. Your jokes are welcome here. No one in the shop takes themselves too seriously, unless we are talking about the quality of the haircut. This is my first ever review and I saved it for the one thing I know I can consistently count on..a great haircut and experience at Shaving Grace.
5	Almost a year since Shaving Grace became my go to shop in Scottsdale. Added a shave to my monthly visit - fantastic! Boris and the guys at Shaving Grace get it. Best haircut and shave experience, far exceeds anything I found while living downtown Chicago.
5	Wish I still lived in Arizona so I could visit and get my haircuts here.Boris and his team are great.  Always fun, always cracking jokes, sports memorabilia everywhere.  They do a great job with the cuts, its a blast going in there, and its affordable.  What more could you want?  Highly recommended.
5	Great buys cut too. My 2 year son enjoyed it and was treated like an adult, not a kid, which made him feel grown up. Thanks guys!
5	Great service. Rueben is the dude. It was my first cut in Arizona and I won't be going anywhere else. Nothing but praise for this place.
5	This place is a gem. A bunch of hilarious guys, cracking jokes and happen to give incredible haircuts and shaves. One of the best haircuts I've gotten (and I'm usually weary of barber shops) let alone for $19. These guys genuinely care about their clients and do a great job. I will be back.
5	Great haircut, fun guys working there, and a very good price. Ruben is awesome and did a phenomenal job with my hair and with the shave.I will 100% be back.
5	Top notch barber shop, I would never go anywhere else. It's walk in, I'm quick out the door, and always a good cut.
5	As per a friend's recommendation, who had been going here for 7+ years, I gave the shop a call. I hate getting my haircut because most of the places I've gone to have either been overpriced or just terrible at cutting my thick wavy hair. This has not been the case at this shop.I have never been more blown away by a barber than Boris. When it comes to expertise and talent, he has it all. I don't even have to ask him what to do, he just cuts my hair and it comes out fantastic. His experience shows in his speed, accuracy, and knowledge.The shop is clean, quaint, and classic. You walk in and are instantly greeted. It's a no bull atmosphere, complete with Frank Sinatra, a movie, or just hilarious conversation. It's what a good barbershop should be. I'm moving soon, and I'm frustrated that I'll have to, once again, find a barber. I doubt I'll find a place that will measure up to the experience this shop offers, and especially not at $19. Be a man, get your hair cut here.
