5	Incredible! Josefa did my akashic reading for me.  While I didn't even know what this was before I met her and was skeptical whether it would "work for me," I decided to try it out.  I was feeling somewhat lost on my path, and I thought this might be a good way to get unstuck and moving in the right direction.  Nothing to lose, right?  RIGHT! Josefa is an absolutely amazing person.  She is so grounded in the reality of life, and yet, has amazing vision and intuitive connection.  What I gained from our session was so meaningful.  I felt like she knew me better than almost anyone else I have ever met.  She also brought great clarity to my current ventures and a little bit of the "why" around why I am who I am.  Not only would I recommend anyone to have a reading done, but I would recommend anyone to work with Josefa.  She is truly a gift to me and all who interact with her.
5	Josefa was great.   Had a reading with her and she awesome. Would highly recommend for anyone trying to better understand themselves.  One of the better decisions you will make!!
5	I had an akashic reading with Josefa and it was seriously the most heart-opening thing I've ever experienced. It gave me an understanding of myself on a soul level and helped me piece things together in my life that I've always wondered about. Finding out what my life lessons are and what my natural skill set is helps me in my business too. Josefa gave me easy action steps to do that helped me get the most out of our session. She records the reading and I just listened to it again the other day and I got clear on even more things!
5	Wow! I had the pleasure of receiving an akashic record reading with Josefa as well as some coaching. First of all, Josefa's demeanor puts you at ease immediately. She is very knowledgeable on the subject and explains everything very clearly. Second of all, the reading and coaching is invaluable. I learned so many cool and interesting things about myself that I always thought were there but couldn't explain "why." It gave me a solid sense of purpose and I felt encouraged and motivated to continue the path that I'm on. I highly recommend it to anyone who is open to learning about themselves on a gut and spiritual level.
5	Josefa is one of my best friends and has done an akashic records reading for me, as well as lots of official and un-official life coaching. To the readings and the coaching (and anything else she does) Josefa brings a lot of wisdom, compassion, a knack for helping you figure yourself out, and a great sense of humor that makes working with her such a pleasure. I had no idea what akashic records were before Josefa's reading for me- but it was so valuable and fun that I am really grateful for it! Whenever I get stuck about what to do, I reference it and find that it gives me a sense of direction, as well as a sense of adventure about whatever challenge I'm facing. Josefa also always impresses me with her dedication to her readings and her coaching and has countless tools to help you figure out what you want to do with your life. I highly recommend working with her.
5	I've worked with Josefa as a coach on an ongoing basis, and also had an akashic reading as well.  Josefa is extremely talented, trust-worthy & blessed with wisdom & intuition.  Her work is spot-on and have always felt she was highly devoted to total transformation with her clients.  At a major transition in my career, her reading was validating & provided clarity & focus for me as I move forth. I would highly recommend this for anyone in transition of any kind, that is looking to bring themselves or their businesses to the next level.
5	Working with Josefa was wonderful. I came to her with confidence issues and body insecurities, and she really helped me delve deep. I still now realizing how much it has benefited me! She is very down to earth and relatable, which only adds to her coaching style.
5	Josefa was the best thing that I did for my state of mind the day of my wedding. Josefa met with me right before the ceremony and completed a very short Reiki session to clear my nervous/emotional energy. As soon as Josefa started, I felt the energy inside me well until I thought I was going to burst, and then slowly melt away. It was incredible. I am so happy that I made Reiki a priority on my wedding day. I was so put together and grounded through my ceremony, and I was able to really enjoy that moment with my groom. I also look very happy in my photos, instead of a blubbering mess. Thank you, Josefa, for an amazing session when it really mattered!
5	My Akashic Record reading with Josefa is exactly what I needed. Some spiritual themes were familiar to me in my life and were woven together in a totally new way. Other new concepts gave me big insights into what I'm moving forward with now and in my future. This gave me a grander perspective of my life, spiritual purpose and true self that is sooo uniquely special and valuable to me. Amazing!
5	Really into this kind of thing, so after discussing the results of some intuitive/psychic sessions and my past-life regressions, a friend enthusiastically referred me to Josefa. Although I had heard of akashic records prior to my reading, I didn't fully understand what they were and/or why they mattered. Regardless, I decided to give it a shot and reached out to Josefa, who immediately let me know how to get started.When we got on phone, Josefa quickly put me at-ease by not only explaining what the akashic records are and what they can tell us, but also by outlining how the session would be structured. My reading was unbelievably accurate and insightful. Josefa confirmed several recurring themes in my current lifetime and past lifetimes, as well as my life's purpose.I loved that the reading was interactive. Josefa regularly checked in to see whether or not the information she accessed was resonating with me and encouraged me to interrupt her and ask questions as they came up. If you're even the least bit curious, I highly, highly, highly recommend you book a session with Josefa.
5	Josefa was awesome! Ive never had an akashic reading before but everything she said resonated with me.   I have done some of my own personal exploring and discovered a few things about myself which she knew of and then expanded on things I had no idea about.  I learned so much about myself because of the work she did and if anyone is seeking to uncover more about themselves and there ancient past I highly recommend getting a reading from her.
5	Josefa is simply a delight to work with. She's a professional and makes you feel very comfortable. Throughout the time I worked with her I had some major breakthroughs. She helped me see things in a different way while encouraging and supporting me throughout the entire process. Josefa is very knowledgeable and passionate about her work. I'd highly recommend her to anyone. I would absolutely work with her again in the future...and probably will! :)
5	I started working with Josefa in 2012 and I am honored to have been her first life coaching client.  Josefa completely changed my life - there is no other way to say it.  I started seeing her to work through a lot of issues, but primarily around infertility.  Her guidance, love, care and insight completely changed the path of my life and allowed me to get to a place where I was ready to receive my miracle baby (who was born February 20, 2013.) The greatest thing about Josefa is her ability to guide you down the path and help you to get to the right answer on your own.  Although I fought this for months and kept trying to get her to tell me what to do, she persisted in her graceful and loving way until I finally got to the place where I could recognize the lessons my soul needed to learn.  That knowledge and ability gave me so much empowerment over my own life and spirituality.  She has opened my mind, my heart and my soul to receive the gifts this life has intended for me and helped me to identify my true purpose.  To say I am a different person is an understatement - I am a changed person who embraces life - rewards and challenges - and has the ability to live a life of gratitude, which is the most important lesson to be learned.  I always find my way back to Josefa in times of challenge or confusion.  Any time I feel like I'm overwhelmed or there is a situation I am afraid to confront, she is there, offering me her love and support and helping me to find my path again.  She once told me the purpose of a Life Coach is to help you and release you out on your own.  I'm not quite there yet, but I am on a remarkable journey and I am unbelievabley grateful to have her be a part of that journey.  I would encourage anyone who has a need for direction and understanding in their life to work with Josefa.  If I could give any advice it would be to go in with an open mind, open heart and open soul.  Be honest and be ready to accept the gifts this life has identified for you.  There is so much beauty within ourselves and Josefa will help you to find the mirror of your soul so you can recognize it too.
5	There is just something about Josefa that makes working with her such an uplifting, magical, and enlightening experience. I have been seeing Josefa for life coaching and various readings since 2012. I have been trying to put my finger on what exactly makes her so unique and special, and have come to the conclusion that it's actually a multitude of things. Josefa has a special ability to be able to relate and empathize with any issue I bring to her. She is able to shed light on any situation I'm in and help me see it in a way that better serves not only me and my life, but also the specific situation or relationship. When I leave a session, I am always armed with practical and useful tools that I can begin to implement into my life immediately. (This means a lot to a person who always wants to feel like they are in control and is continually looking for ways to grow as a human!) To this day, I find myself utilizing things she taught me two years ago. She has a wealth of information and is constantly learning more to better serve her clients. I have had several breakthroughs since I've been seeing Josefa, and I have seen real, lasting changes in my life, attitude, and relationships. (She even helped me manifest the man of my dreams and bring him into my life!) She has a knack for being able to see the bigger picture, and also for making you dig deeper to find out what is really going on - the root of your problems or desires. But most importantly, she really, truly cares about her clients. This is evidenced by not only the feeling you get when you're with her (that lasts long after the session is over), but also by her follow through. She always checks in to see how I am doing, and she remembers things that I tell her. She truly is amazing and well worth the investment. I give Josefa my highest recommendation, and my deepest appreciation for continuously helping me change my life in the most positive ways!
