1	Many problems with their billing service and my insurance saying my insurance never paid when they in fact did and always sending us bills in the mail that were already paid.  Ended up going to another place called desert pediatrics by mountain view hospital and they haven't had any problems yet with our insurance. We also had our sons circumcision at the pediatric center and it was one of the worst experiences of my life.  My son was strapped on crying and instead of finishing it quickly the nurse made us wait for the doctor while my son was strapped on for over 10 minutes!!!! And when the doctor finally got there she left multiple times sayin she forgot something while my son was strapped on still ! Our dr. Was dr. Neuman DO NOT COME HERE!
5	The staff is always friendly. When I call I always get a real person to talk to rather than the usual automated nightmares. Dr. Neuman is sweet, professional, and qualified to work with children. She shows a sense of care with her patients. We will be long time clients here!
1	Only reason for One Star is Yelp! won't let you do ZERO stars.Dr. Nauman is sweet lady and we've always had good experiences with her. But her staff is a JOKE and the LACK OF ORGANIZATIONAL SKILLS is a huge slap in the face when you go there. We've had issues with our infants shot records, by this I mean they have no idea what shots she was given and which shots she needs. Whenever our little one needs shots, they are ALWAYS OUT of one or more needed shots and we get the run around of when that shot will be available. We are told the shot(s) will be in within 2 days and they'll call us when they arrive. We always end up having to call them and when we do call the answer is always "It'll be in on Monday".. this has been going on for over a month now. We get told she needs one shot.. we call back to see if that's available and we get told she needs 5 shots?!?!?! We explain she only needed 1 shot, we then get put on hold so they can look at her records?!?!?! Then where are they getting this information??? Just a real sorry excuse for medical staff and a massive lack of organizational skills. WE HAVE CALLED ANOTHER PEDIATRICS TO TAKE OUR BUSINESS TOO. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO MY WORST ENEMY!!! YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT THEY ARE INJECTING OR DOUBLE INJECTING YOUR CHILD WITH!!!!
1	If you want a doctor and staff who doesn't make you feel uncomfortable and won't make you dread having to take your child in for a visit, do not go here. I was a month late taking my infant daughter at the time to take her shots and Dr. Nauman would make a negative comment towards me for being late. I never felt comfortable going there. I wish I had found Dr. Marlon Mendoza much sooner.
3	Second time here with my daughter Doctor is great and my daughter loves her and I do toThe staff definitely needs work
