3	My criteria for finding a hotel was rather short:  cheap.  Red Roof fit the bill nicely.  The room was spacious, and surprisingly quiet.  However, it was clear that the previous occupant enjoyed the room much more than we did.  The biggest issue with our room was that the chair by the desk had an odd stain in an odd location.  I daresay there could only be one explanation, and there was little doubt that we wouldn't be sitting in the chair after that.
2	I love a hotel where the cashier sits behind bulletproof glass.  Nothing makes me feel safer.
1	"Do all the non-smoking rooms have ash trays in them?" - what I thought to myself and asked the person at the desk of the Red RoofIt got me $15 off my night's stay, but is that enough compensation for a room with sticky sink and table tops, no hair dryer, and dirty looking sheets?  Oh, and the only time I like to smell anything remotely like smoke in a room I occupy is when there's BBQ a-cookin'. First and last time I stay at a Red Roof.
2	Blah. Stayed here over Illinois Homecoming weekend, and with my friend's wedding block rate it was still ~$90/night. The room was moderately okay upon first sight...but then things just started going downhill. There were cigarette burns on our blankets, a shower that looked like it had been pulled from a foreclosed doublewide and, much to my chagrin after realizing I had forgotten mine, NO HAIR DRYER. That made for a pleasant morning of tailgating in late October. Things didn't really get bad until the day we checked out and I noticed I had some sort of rash on my torso and legs. Are. You. Kidding. After Googling bed bugs for about 20 minutes I got an email asking to fill out a survey about my stay and was not very polite. Thankfully, I got an email from the manager shortly after who wanted to "make things right" and ended up cutting my bill in half.So....good customer service after the fact...not so great hotel stay. Never again. Until next year, that is, when I'm scrambling for Homecoming weekend accommodations without a wedding discount.
1	We checked in late because of Ebertfest and was given a supposed non smoking room and got a room that reeked of smoke. The smell was so bad that it seeped into our clothing. There was also a cigarette burn in my blanket. When I went to complain, they gave me a "too bad" attitude from the man behind the bulletproof glass. We were able to find a room at the I Hotel for the next night and we checked out a day early from the Red Roof Inn. They had a audacity for five minutes to charge me for BOTH days even though I was able to check out. The manager just charged me for one day, but it was HORRIBLE!
1	Rundown rattrap. Low price was the main attraction. Place was noisy, and needs complete renovation. Manager was sarcastic, toward any complaints. Have stayed at other Red Roofs; nothing like this one. Moved to La Quinta next morning.
3	For 52 bucks a night I wasn't expecting much soooooooo let's just say this was a no frills place to rest our heads for Unofficial Weekend at U of I. Staff was helpful the first night we came back late and asked if there were any 24 hour spots to eat at.After a certain time the lobby is no longer open and you have to use the bulletproof glass side. LOLIt was a run down looking room, reeked of cigarette smoke, clean....ISH. We were only there to shower and get a couple hours of sleep each night.On the other hand it was quiet, surrounded by plenty of stores and restaurants and about 10 minutes away from all the partying at U of I.No hair dryer or iron.If your bougie.....pass this up and spend more money elsewhere.If you are just partying all weekend and not really going to hang out in the room....spend your money here.So I am giving this spot an A-OK just based on the experience I knew I was going to have with this caliber of hotel chain.
2	Roadtrip from MN to Cincinnati and this was our overnight. It was clean although the room had a musty/stale smell and damp carpet. It served it's purporse for a place to crash. The morning coffee was terrible and we stopped at a coffee shop in Danville to dump it and get good stuff.The staff feeds the squirrels and they're friendly. Construction is going on and lots of storage containers in the parking lots.
1	We were on day seven of a 27 state road trip when we stayed here.  We used a coupon from one of the green books at the roadside information centers and were not expecting a whole lot for $39.99 plus tax (for a total of $46...What were we thinking?).The best thing about our stay was that the manager was very understanding and quickly changed rooms when we were dissatisfied with the initial one (there was a lot of renovation activity going on near the room, there was construction waste and laborers making noise).The location of the second room was better, but its condition was quite rundown (carpets, furniture, bathroom, door locks).  There was no refrigerator, microwave, or breakfast. They did have coffee in the lobby and some nice Hazelnut creamer.The friendly manager did call up ask if the room was okay, but we decided we could tough it out.I expect things will get better here because this was clearly one of the rooms which had not yet been renovated (our visit was during the last week in May 2014).After this experience we were much more careful about checking reviews prior to relying on coupons from the rest stops (and generally used Hotwire for places with satisfaction ratings higher than 75% - this worked very well).
1	Don't even bother.  The rate may be cheap but it's still too much.  Stains on the bed, stains on the towels, mold and stains in the tub and on the shower curtain.  Musty damp smell in the entire room.  There was even a bug smashed and stuck on the wall.  I can't believe housekeeping would even consider this clean.  There are plenty of other choices in the area and I suggest you look at those first.
1	-5 stars for being gross. Like sketchy gross. I was not expecting luxury by any means but I also did not think I would be sleeping in my jeans or becoming best friends with a resident room fly. This place has it all, carpet stains, sheet stains, previous guests snacks in the bible drawer, mold on the ceiling and if your lucky.. cockroaches. Oh and our non smoking room left my clothes soaked in a gross smoke smell. Blegh. Not worth the value.+ 1 star for being near a Taco Bell and TGIFridays
4	The hotel is not bad at all. Kids 17 and under stay free, pets also. By I74 and near several places to eat. We requested one of the newly renovated room and bottom floor. The room is very clean, bed isn't firm but it isn't squishy either. Only down side to the room is that that bathroom is small and there are no toilet seats, I'm weird and I don't like to see in toilets especially more public places like hotels etc. but other than that I will stay again, staff is very friendly as well which is a plus
