5	Do NOT mistake this little hut outside of Caesar's Palace for the Spanish Steps Bar (which is right adjacent) - it is something waaaay better!Hankering for something to quench out thirst while roaming up and down the strip, we walked out of Caesar's and quickly came upon this nifty little stand. Manned by a single bartender, you walk up, get in line, peruse the menu of mojitos, margaritas, and some "adult" lemonades - then order. The options range from regular to exotic. My guy went with the standard mojito (which was hardly "standard"). Almost all rum, it was mixed immediately and they didn't skip the necessities, including freshly picked and muddled mint leaves. MMM. It was divine.I went with the cherry pink lemonade, which, to my shock, was essentially all cherry vodka, with a splash of refreshingly tart pink lemonade (likely thrown in more for color than anything). Poured over ice, it was easy to drink....perhaps a little too easy. We opted for the large size, which set us back about $18-$24 per drink, but at 24oz, we were set for a while - with possibly the best deal around.I highly recommend this little hut as your first stop on a hot Vegas morning (or afternoon, or evening). You won't regret shelling out some dough for these perfectly shaken, iced beverages. The flavors can't be beat and you can hang onto them as you browse inside the Forum Shops or head up to the Bellagio for some proper gambling.You're welcome. ;)
4	Blackberry Mojito was bomb.  Pricey but bomb.
5	do NOT miss this place! i was so tired of syrupy soda cocktails they shill in the casinos that i almost passed this up as more of the same... lemonades, margaritas, mojitos... until i got a look at what the bartender was doing... is that a real lime? and another? and another? are those real mint leaves?? is that a handful of REAL blackberries? yes, folks, it is the real deal.everyone in line with us was a regular - 'the black dragon is my favorite' 'my wife makes me walk here from the Flamingo for these drinks.' and so i was sold.  i had the black dragon (i think?) mojito with rum, blackberries, mint, lime, and soda. so refreshing. sister-in-law had the cocoberry with mint, lime, strawberries & blueberries (all real!), and husband got a fantastic margarita.sure, they're pricey. but they are also gigantic and far superior to anything you'll find in a casino bar for about the same price. and the line moves slowly, because everything is juiced & muddled from scratch. make the effort & go out of the way for these. well worth your while.
4	My 'go to' spot in Sin City! The best cranberry mojitos in the world! My Vegas experience begins & ends @ this place!  I would give 5-Stars, but my favorite server Rose no longer works there.
5	This little, unassuming hut was the highlight of my day. Luckily there was absolutely no line when my friend and I approached, so we were able to get our drinks quickly. The bartender guy was really nice and struck up a conversation while he made our drinks as we watched. Some tonic, lots of ice, lemon/limes, mint, berries, and alcohol. We both had mojitos - I had the one with strawberries, and my friend had one with blackberries (I don't remember the names). I remember liking mine better - absolutely fresh, fruity, minty and STRONG. Totally worth the money - and you will not find a better mojito within the vicinity. After we ordered, a huge line formed. So sad that I cannot carry this place around in my pocket.
5	Best Mojitos I have ever had!! You just have to go here. I had like 20, I couldn't get enough lol
5	If you like strong delicious drinks, you have to make a purchase here. Their selection is all about quality, not quantity. The ingredients are fresh and the drinks are made to order by friendly knowledgeable bartenders. This little gem is part of our "Tour of the Strip" for our friends and family. So far, they all want to go back for more.
