5	Planet Fitness was exactly what I was looking for in a gym: - Inexpensive (I joined for $10 a month, I believe it was a limited time promotional special)- Convenient (open 24 hours on the weekdays)- Nothing fancy (I don't like to pay for a pool, a sauna, tennis courts and whatnot if I'm hardly ever going to use it. Planet Fitness is just cardio machines, weight machines, and freeweights. They've also got tanning booths if you can't get enough sun in Arizona for some reason. )Their machines are well kept and better than anything I've used at other gyms (LA Fitness, Pure Fitness). The gym is very clean. I can't vouch for the locker rooms because I prefer not to use public showers in general. There are always machines available to use, the place is never uncomfortably crowded or loud. The staff will help you out with a particular machine if you need it, and they have a personal trainer on staff that you can set up appointments with (charged separately, since it's a separate company).There's some debate among the management, apparently, as to whether or not they should ban talking on cell phones in the gym. I'm all for a ban, cause I really hate having to listen to people talk on their phones too loud (especially when they just sit on the machines to do it...and don't work out). All in all, I like this gym more than any other I've been in. I feel comfortable there and can zone out like I want to.
4	I've been a member since the place opened about 2 or 3 years ago, no major complaints. It's cheap (I believe it's $15/month now, $5/month more for tanning), it's open all night during the week, and I've never seen over-subscription as a problem here. There are some small annoyances like the upright bikes with the recumbent pedals and the occassional elliptical arm that needs to be tightened up, but the equipment is good and generally well-maintained, and you get more than your money's worth.Also, since they're geared more towards fitness rather than being able to bench press a Volkswagen, you don't get the riff-raff that goes with a place like that.
1	I had to cancel my membership after about 3 months because I was moving. I canceled at the end of September.  On October 1st I get an annual fee of $20.00 charged to my credit card.  I called, figuring it was a mistake. I hadn't even been there for an entire year and was definitely not planning on staying for one, considering I had already CANCELED my membership. The guy was completely unsympathetic and downright giddy that their stupid contract robbed me of $20.  I understand that I signed the contract, but really, charging me an annual fee 2 days after I cancel seems a little ridiculous! So add up the $50 sign up fee, $20+/month for 3 months and $20 "Annual Fee", I payed over $130 for three months of gym membership at that crappy gym. Totally not worth it.
5	I've been a member at Planet Fitness since April and I love it. It's small so you see the same people there everytime you go if you have a consistent schedule, and there are very few meatheads grunting and trying to impress everyone with how much they can lift. The staff is super friendly and always willing to help people out by showing them how to use a specific machine...although I'm not sure why people need a tutorial on how to use an elliptical or treadmill, but that is just me.I pay $15/month and it is automatically debited from my account mid-month. There is nothing fancy about this gym...just cardio machines with a box that you can plug your headphones into so you can get the sound from whichever TV you select, free weights, and weight machines. No pool, sauna, classes, etc. It's just a gym which is all I need and want.Even when it's "crowded", there is never a wait for machines or cardio equipment. Weekend mornings are pretty quiet, as are the days near the holidays. I've also noticed it's less crowded when ASU is not in session. All and all, a great place to workout especially since it within walking distance of my apartment.
4	These guys are pretty good (and cheap!) for a no-nonsense gym.  No pool, no group classes, just a bunch of ellipticals, weights, and treadmills.  For the low cost per month, it's a good deal.  They provide cleaning solution and paper towels to wipe down the machines after you're done. I have previously been to gyms that make people provide their own towels to wipe down with, and I find this much more sanitary.Four out of five stars only because they're only open 7am to 7pm on the weekends.
1	Okay to start off, I'm not a hardcore powerlifter or bodybuilder of anytime, just your average broke college student. Their cheap monthly rate was what pulled me in and the fact that they're 24 hours on weekdays. One late night the front desk guy was kind enough to let me workout.First thing I noticed was the tacky "no judgement zone" mantra's plastered all over the walls. Then I saw the "lunk alarm" over in the corner which apparently goes off whenever someone "grunts, drops weights, or judges".  Now I'm all for getting rid of the grunting idiots, but dropping weights is a possibility when you're maxing out. And if you happen to commit one of these sins, the light starts flashing and an alarm the equivalent of an air raid siren goes off.  If that thing went off in the middle of someones set, well.....its a lawsuit waiting to happen. They have NO free bars, only the range of motion controlled Smith machines. Their dumbbells only go up to about 80 lbs. They have a policy of NO deadlifting. I don't think anyone even attempts squats there, as they only have one broken pad for their one squat rack smith machine.  The few machine equipment that I used was not of very high quality, and once again, the amount of weight was severely limited. Here is a fun tidbit from their website:"Have you seen PF's famous candy jars filled with purple and traditional Tootsie Rolls?? We go through over 750,000 each month!On Pizza Nights (the first Monday of every month) we go through 3000 pizzas. That's 24000 slices per year!The second Tuesday of every month we serve up free bagels to our club members! Come on by and get your own! "What kind of gym gives away candy and pizza to its members!? From a business point of view, I guess it makes sense. This place caters to overweight soccer moms and self conscious college girls. If you're even remotely serious about you're fitness goals, don't even bother with this place!
4	This place is pretty legit, they are really cheap and everybody who works there are real friendly.  The bathrooms could be better attended,(hence the absence of a star)They have this thing called a "lunk alarm" near the free weights, ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS if you ever hear it go off. But if you are looking for things that are incredibly basic and you don't need all the frills of the really expensive gyms this is the place to go.
4	It's been a few months since starting at PF (ah, resolutions and their obvious cross-overs into gym discounts) and I can say they provide a solid, no-frills place to gym up.  The things you don't pay for here are what distinguish it from other gyms.  No towels, no pool, no personal dvd/mp3/workout-for-you machines, but for $10 a month, the yeses make up for the losses.  Their main marketing motto is my favorite part of my experience at PF: No Lugs; I don't have to watch people over do their work out and listen to them grunt about it.If you live in the area or don't mind just doing a quick rinse with your own towel and all, then PF is right for you.  That I can cycle on my own to warm up, come in for a half hour of weights and get home in minutes makes this a perfect solution for myself, and those in my neighborhood.The one thing I don't dig:  not enough dedicated ab/stretching area.  It's  a little uncomfortable to do any kind of crunches/floor stretching. There is a little area, mats and medicine balls enough to get it done, but if I had my way I'd take out the tanning machines and give the midsection a little space.
5	I really love this place. As a serial fitness center drop out I know that this place rocks. For the first time in my life I have been going regularly for almost a full year now (started in July 2009). Jamie and Dom are the most awesome, thorough, and professional fitness trainers. They have kept me motivated and have gone over and above great service. I have not hit a plateau yet because they help me change up my fitness and give nutrition advice. I highly recommend this place. It is affordable, clean and has all the necessary basics; for single moms and students alike (I happen to be both) you will be getting a good working out, for a good price.
4	I really dislike the "gym" at my apartment complex so I needed somewhere to get my fitness on. I had passed by this place several times and wanted to check it out. Today, I finally did. The gentleman who helped me with my membership was extremely friendly and made me laugh. I ended up signing up for the $20 a month membership which includes free tanning and free guests on every visit (SWEET!). I look forward to actually going in there to work out and tan!
5	It's a great no nonsense gym. It has free weights, machines, cardio and tanning. Staff is quite friendly and the clientele are regular people. The few times I've been there it hasn't been packed. I worked with the trainer Dom for a free session on rehabbing my shoulder. He was knowledgeable, motivated and just generally on top of his game. All in all its a good gym for the price...15 down 15 a month no contract...24 hrs weekdays and 7-7 weekends...just can't go wrong with this place.
4	I just recently moved to Tempe and I needed a place to work out.  I've driven by Planet Fitness countless times and was curious.  I read the reviews on here and, without even stepping inside, I signed up for a one year membership on their web-site.  It was the easiest and least expensive gym sign-up I've ever experienced.  I did the entire thing on their web-site.  When I went for my first visit, they got me a keychain, asked me if I wanted my free personal trainer consultation (which I declined) and turned me loose.  There was no pressure and they were extremely friendly.I'm wishing I had done a little more research because the gym is quite limited in terms of their weight equipment.  They don't have any free-standing barbells.  If you want to bench or squat, you're forced to use a smith machine.  Their dumbbells only go up to 80lbs and their pre-loaded bars only go up to 60lbs.  For most people, this sort of thing is fine, but I need more weight and prefer not to use smith machines for my compound movements.Their hours are great and the place is always clean.  The staff is always friendly.  Honestly, it would be the ideal gym if they had more weight equipment, but they're trying to be a simple, no-frills gym for the average Joe.  In that regard, they're perfect.  You really couldn't ask for much more.  I paid about $150, up front, for a one year membership.  No other gym can come close to that.It's not a gym for the serious lifter, but it will work well for anyone looking for a cheap, no-frills workout experience.
1	No memberships, no contracts??  ONLY $15 a month. That's their advertisement. I tried it for a week, and it is an average Gym, and since I'll stay close for 1 month I thought I could join. More so if you don't have a membership fee or similar.Turns out that for just a month you end up paying more than $45, oh because there IS A "membership" FEE of $30 something. SCAM!
4	Is it 5 stars as good as it gets for a gym?  No.  But keeping this review in context to what it provides, it is 5 stars.  1)  It's AFFORDABLE!  10, 15, or 20 bucks a month depending on which option you choose.  I went with the basic as it's all I need.  But if you drink a lot of stuff from the cooler, I would definitely go with the 20/mo.2)  It's clean3)  Has showers4)  Offers enough stuff to get a good work out I like the fact that it doesn't have a flat bench and dumbells over 80#, it deters all the "muscle heads".  I'm just here for a work out, not a spectacle.   Furthermore, if you can't figure out ways to use a dumbell and the other equipment to tone your body, then not sure what to tell you.  Herchel Walker just does situps, push ups and I think dips/pull ups and he's ripped.  You don't need a huge gym unless you're in competitive body building.In their defense, a sign up fee is not a membership, nor is it a contract, so they are accurate in their advertisement.  Just because someone only wants to work out there for one month and is unhappy with a cheap start up fee doesn't make it a "scam".  10 dollars a freaking month.,  Some people in this world think everything revolves around them.ADDENDUM:  I have to say their policies are a bit weak. No bandana's?  I'm knocking off a star.
4	Nice machines, not too packed, and at $10 month? Yah, I'm a fan.
4	About the gym: the normal membership is 15, but you wont get the tanning beds and other privileges. I have the back card membership Its only 20 dollars a month for the gym, unlimited tanning beds, free cooler water, and unlimited massage chairs--perfect after a work out!!!!The place is clean, they have good machines--elliptical, stairs, and bicycle-- with big flat screen T.Vs. on them. They have different weights, but the only problem is that they don't have weighted ab machines.  The bathrooms are clean and neat. They don't have towel service, but hey this isn't club one:)
5	Fit Zone has always felt like a second home to me. The environment is very laid back with an amazing staff. I really appreciate and enjoy the amount of cardio that this gym has to offer so that I never have to wait to get my run on, and when it comes to getting jacked, the equipment is more than enough. Of course, just like any gym, it has it's flaws but I wouldn't choose any other gym over it. Fit Zone for life!! "i'm getting it in tonight".
4	Short and sweet here.  This gym is cheap, conveniently located, has no contracts and helped me lose over 20 pounds.  If you don't need a pool or classes I HIGHLY recommend this place!
1	The gym is fine. It's your average, neighborhood gym. Even though the open hours have recently changed, the gym is no longer open 24/7, it's reasonably clean and the equipment seems to be in decent enough shape.The issue I had is in regards to their customer service and the way I was treated when, in an emergency, I had to cancel my gym membership.I went to the gym to cancel my membership on September 29, the day I found out I would no longer be able to be a member of the facility. I was told that I would still need to pay my $30 annual fee on October 1 because that's what I had agreed to three years ago, through the Planet Fitness website, prior to Fit Zone taking ownership. I asked to have their manager give me a call to discus this.Jaime, apparently one of the owners, contacted me on September 30 and let me know that there would be absolutely no refund issued, and that I was out of luck. While I could have dealt with the disappointment, there was no need for her to chide me and have an attitude. I can only assume that a business that's chasing $30 from a former customer must be in dire straights. Best of luck to Jaime and the rest of her team at Fit Zone. I know that, in my industry, if I spoke to a customer, current or former, the way she spoke to me, I'd lose my job. I'm not certain what allows her to treat people this way. I guess if you own the gym, it's your prerogative. It's still not good business. It would have been easy, and totally reasonable for her to issue a refund. I was made aware that if I had stopped in to the gym prior to September 25, I wouldn't be required to pay the annual fee.I have a hard time understanding why I'm required to pay an annual fee when there will be no use of the gym, or an annual membership. I'm going to dispute this charge through my credit card company and let them handle it from here. Bad, bad business.
5	The staff is great. They are what makes this gym a second 'home' to me. The cost is great. They are loyal to their regular members and pretty much everyone knows you by name if they see you more than once a week. They have supplements on site and can order them at cost if you wish as well. I went from Lifetime Fitness in Tempe paying $50+ a month with way too many amenities and I just needed the basics. Andy and Marquis are awesome trainers and I highly recommend them if you have it in your budget., They are ridiculously smart and helpful to those who want to better themselves and want to put in the HARD work. Also they are both bodybuilders themselves so you know how intense their personal workouts must be. When they see that you're dedicated, they always offer free tips, workouts, or advice.The weekend hours are a bit funky I'll admit but I have a gym at my apartment I can work at when Fit Zone is closed so it doesn't bother me as much as some people who like to complain.There is no real bench press machine which is a bummer but that's probably the only thing I really could find wrong with the equipment. Everyone is very friendly overall and I may never switch gyms while I'm living in the Tempe area because of this.Also to the person complaining about the membership fee... what did you expect? It's a gym. Find me a gym that doesn't have one, oh wait- you can't because this is the real world. :)-RK
5	The gym is really great. Its next to my house and its affordable, 15 dollars a month is a big OK for me. The staffs are great. There are enought equipments to work out. The bathroom is clean. No gymtimidation.
4	I have been going here for about a year now. It's a pretty nice place. Their staff is really friendly and always happy to answer any question I have or address any comment/complaint. The equipment is maintained well and they have most everything I could ask for. It's is a small gym and the cost is low. I knew that I wasn't getting top quality here, but it's enough to do the job. I would recommend it to anyone who's not incredibly picky and is looking to save some money.
5	Pros: membership fee is very reasonable and competitive, great staff at the check in desk, all the machines look pretty new and are in good condition, open 24hrs on weekdays, 2 max racks, large stretching area trx rip trainer, respectable people actually work their asses off instead of socializing...the list goes on and on...but the most impressive thing about this gym is their fitness director Andy. I had the opportunity to work with him twice and I was very inspired and impressed by his knowledge. He truly is passionate about what he does and helped me tremendously in just two sessions.i haven't had the pleasure of working with the other trainers but I'm pretty sure they are all awesome since they work under the supervision of Andy and continously learn from him. I would have loved to make this my home gym if I didn't have to go back to cali. How come we don't have gyms like this in cali!!!???!!!Cons: the disinfectant spray bottle system. I wish  they had Pre moistened disinfectant wipes instead of the spray bottles.I will miss fit zone a lot!!!
5	By far one of my most favorite places to work out at. The personal trainers are amazing and got me in the best shape for my wedding and back in shape after babies.The equipment is all the best!You will not be let down by this gym.
5	You can't beat the personal attention you get from the trainers at Fit Zone.  They have helped me recover and get back into shape after a pregnancy and after surgery. This gym has competitive pricing for membership and training. Being a member at Fit Zone feels like family!
1	Just to let you all know, since 17 of you found this 'Useful', Visa ruled in our favor and waived all charges associated with Fit Zone who would not return a phone call to contest the charges.
5	I'm actually from Florida but I do visit the Tempe area periodically throughout the year. When I do, I make it a point to train here!! The equipment is maintained perfectly, the floor and facilities are super clean, and the staff is so helpful and courteous and makes me truly feel like I'm home. They have awesome prices on supplements too so whenever I forget anything at my house, I'm sure to stock up on all the best!
