4	What can you really not like about QT (except the clientele usually)? They're efficient, clean, and have a big coffee and fountain soda selection. I try not to ask too much of my gas stations because, hey, they've actually come a long way over the years. But I need to dock QT a star because THEY present themselves as more than a grab n go. That it is objectively a good choice for a healthy quick lunch. No no -- these are all high calorie, preserved, sandwiches. Yeah, it's no microwave burrito, but don't try to sell me on the health benefits of eating at your gas station.
4	This convenience store has everything you can possibly want in a convenience store except the winning lottery numbers! The unique thing about this chain is that it has various flavors of brewed ice teas which is my favorite along with an extensive selection of fountain drinks. They carry fresh made sandwiches, wraps, donuts and muffins made daily here in town. They have some fruit, every possible granola/protein bar, candy bars, chips, nuts, bottle juices, can & bottle sodas and beer. Did I mention no winning lottery numbers found here! They have tons of gas pumps and a friendly staff (Cameron is the best) that greets you as you enter and provides excellent customer service every time.
3	I choose QT over any other gas station.  This location is the same as that other locations... clean restrooms, well stocked merchandise, friendly associates. This particular day, a customer was ahead of me as I approached the checkout counter. I stand behind the customer for a minute before I realized that she and the attendant was just gabbing! The costumer had not purchased anything! I stood there in dis-belief. Three other customers stood in line behind me and the attendant kept talking as if she was not on the clock! I look around for other attendants, but the attendant in the cafe was it! Finally I went to the other side of the cash register and placed my item down. The attendant kept chatting it up and scanning my item at the same time. I stated that I wanted $30 of gas on pump #3. Still talking to the other customer, the attendant stated, " oh, 30 on 4"? "No", I stated. 30 on 3. Still talking about the "tsunami in Cali"  with the other customer, she asked for the pump number again. I repeated it. Finally she got it right! I mean really??! This was definitely unusual for QT staff. Time is valuable!!! ...even if it is a Sunday!
