4	Well the South Side Riverfront Park is similar.... I park under the bridge, and I find that if I go early enough (7:00 am) there aren't too many boats parked near the dock.  I used to bike with my dog down here but had to stop because other dog owners feel the need to allow off-leash playtime in public.  Thus a few crashes.  The South Side trail extends from 10th Avenue all the way down Carson Street to 885.  Its about 5 miles long, which allows for a nice bike ride.  Sort of urban, sort of rural (i.e., trees).  Nice in summer.  They salt most of it in the winter for the runners.
4	Handy. It's great for running, as it isn't paved; it's soft crushed limestone or some such thing. But fine for road bikes. However, for a bike trail, this trail is a little short - only about 6 miles or so, from downtown to Millvale. You can extend a bike ride further if you come over from Point State Park (where there are water fountains - I mean, duh, but also the kind you drink from), or from the Jail Trail (Eliza Furnace Trail) or from the South Side trail . . . All of these options might require a little riding on downtown streets and intersections, but, hey, on most weekends downtown is deserted!Like the South Side trail, this path gets a lot of sun, so it's good for winter, late fall, early spring . . . it's less buggy than the South Side trail too. Plus, you might see duck babies, Herr's Island is kind of strange and cool and has tennis courts, you get to see PNC Park from the outside, and the Pittsburgh Rowing Club and crew boathouses. I also saw people sitting on the lawns by the (very popular) Science Center one 4th of July for the fireworks. Looked like a great, and not totally packed, site to watch from. But back to the path - watch out for ambling pedestrians, especially when there's a baseball game or other event. I kind of like the bustle, myself. It helps if you expect to "share the road" and you don't feel entitled to go at top speeds at all times.
5	Nice park that runs along the Allegheny River from the Rivers Casino to PNC Park. Along the way you can see countless memorials, statues, and of course look across the rive at the Pittsburgh skyline. Great for biking, jogging and walking.
5	Great park to check out if you are visiting the city (not during the winter). We were in Pittsburgh during the fall and it was great!  This park has a lot of fun things to learn about if you are a tourist and it seems like a good spot to jog or walk the dog for locals.  We had another young couple that was with us and they brought their dogs and showed us around.  A lot of fun and we recommend checking it out if you are first timers, exploring the city for fun.
