3	Not the best part of town.  Not particularly good (or particularly bad) service.  Even the food isn't the best.  But the variety is awesome, and unlike many places, everything is pretty good.Some places have a good dish or two, but the rest stinks.  Not the China King.  It's all just solid food.  And not just Chinese either - pizza and even macaroni and cheese can be found, along with a huge salad bar, dessert bar and real ice cream (not a soft serve machine).
2	Super Buffet has more tables than most of the buffets I have visited and so they have a wider variety of dishes to choose from. I was able to find a few things that weren't just battered chicken with sauce, including a spicy chicken (looked like mostly white meat) that tasted of curry and something with yellow rice that seemed to be a vague "arroz con pollo".The sushi is standard for a Chinese buffet: sticky white rice and a few california/crab rolls. The avocado ones had not had a chance to oxidize, so I knew they were fresh. Nothing special but worthy of a "three star" attempt.Lots of non-Chinese options, including pepperoni pizza, quesadillas, mac and cheese, pigs feet and french fries plus peel-and-eat shrimp. I did see at least two ethnic dishes, one of which was squid in garlic sauce. This one certainly looked authentic enough for me to walk on by. :-)Desserts included the standards for these places - banana pudding with (knock-off) Nilla wafers, chocolate pudding and assorted sheet cakes in various flavors. They also had apricots, lychees, peaches and pineapple available (straight from the can is my guess) and a bunker of individual ice cream cups and ice cream sandwiches. Surprisingly, the brand was "Hershey". I expected a soft-serve machine or something more generic. Thumbs up here!Plenty of parking and plenty of seating. Well lit. Even at the busiest time, I don't think that there would be much of a wait. The floor around the buffet tables was rather slippery. I don't know if there had been a recent spill or if this is a normal thing, so watch your step!Overall, while it had a large selection and the price was right ($7 for lunch), I found the food rather bland. If you don't mind that and you want variety and lots to eat, this is the place for you! I'd also suggest that this is a great place if you have picky eating kids, as there is plenty of things that aren't just "Chinese food" and the few kids I saw and heard seemed happy enough.
1	entered a 1 star only because they provided a roof over our heads. looking for a place to get diarrhea fast? go here. walked into 3 employees playing hangman, ignored us when we needed to be seated until I pulled the old *ahem* move. Sat down to have watered down sweet tea, babies crying, and the grungiest of the grunge eating next to us. The food... BLEGCK!! Everything was over cooked, sticky white rice, the egg drop soup was cold, everything was horrible. So bad in fact, we left. There were little desert squares that looked like they could be lemon bars, AVOID THEM, they smelt like locker room feet. All in all, i would never recommend this place, no matter how hungry, hung over, or cheap you are! *see attached picture
1	yuckkkk.(i'm not a big one-star reviewer, but at least I'm not alone on this one)we were a little apprehensive to start but our hunger took over and we decided hey, it's just a china buffet - why not? (oh, why didn't i yelp first??) the food was mildly appealing and it wasn't a completely empty restaurant, so we decided to stick it out. we scooped our slop and sat down to eat. then, I was barely a bite in when a friend found a fly in her food. fine, I know this happens, doors open, bugs get in.. usually there are precautions set so they don't end up in the food - but still... it was really the response that was uncalled for. when we mentioned it to the "server", my friend was told since she put that food on her plate is was her fault and had to pay for it. (it initially started out on an informative note and not really wanting a free meal, my friend was just going to get a new plate- but once the server brought the attitude my friend clearly did not want anything to do with giving money to the establishment. and really, it's our duty to dissect each portion of food before plating it? it's too much to expect the food to just be bug free? yeah, okay). at first it actually sounded like we were being accused of bringing the fly in and putting it on the plate to get free food, but in the end the story changed/we understood and it was still just our fault. after a little resistance the server then talked to the "manager on duty" (an employee who looked half my age) and they said they would give us an $8 discount (as some of the party had eaten more than we had). the bill never really added up, but you live, you learn. (and they never took that container of food off the buffet)never again.
1	This place is terrible! The food was awful and I had hair in my rice! When we showed it to the waiter he said "okay". None of us finished even one plate of food becuase it was so bad. Then when we paid the waiter stood over my friend while she filled out the credit receipt then asked to my friends face "NO TIP?". He asked three times in English and Spanish until my friend finaly said NO TIP!!! It was a terrible experience and the worst food I have ever had! NEVER GO HERE! AND TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS THE SAME! I never take the time to write a review let alone such a mean one but it was just awful.
4	Recently I stopped by China King Super Buffet which has been in town for a long time.  Surprised me that they have buy one get one free during dinner time.  Me and my friend went there for dinner, we paid less than $15.- for two of us.  That included two soda.Wondering if there is a close by competition Royal Buffet, China King really has good price for all you can eat.Once for awhile going for buffet is fun.  Actually we went there twice in the past two weeks.  Just convenient before going to shop at Costco.
2	Basically, if you won't mind eating so-so quality kind of Chinese food, but enough to get a cheap fix for your Chinese addiction. Then this place might be for you.Otherwise, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME if you're looking for something to warm up your stomach well.I meant to stop by this place for months - but never did until today (10/21/12). It shall be my first and last visit.  The food isn't so tasty - even it appears very good to eyes (even with extra buffet tables - yet meh!)  Waitress aren't friendly nor able to understand English well. Plus kids running around, contaminating the food while their mothers aren't paying attention (or they aren't even trying to) - and there was several signs, indicating that small children are not to carry a plate or self-serve from the buffet. Sushi? WHAT sushi - just a standard type of sushi - no more than 3 different kind of sushi. Avocados in some rolls were rotten (darken). I was fortunate to grab some FRESH ones which, unfortunately, aren't tasty as I know at authentic sushi places. Worse than grocery-bought sushi.Trust me - you wont want to waste your money on it, and if you arrive before 4pm, when the price is lunch-based price.. if you "happened" to linger by trying to digest whatever was on your plate - and it went past 4:30, you will be automatically billed a dinner-based price (about a buck or two more!). Go and find somewhere ELSE worthy your stomach and wallet - because I will too!
4	Located in an old Ryan's building, this place is good and consistent. I live around the corner and drive by on my way home so it lures me in more times than my doctor would probably recommend.   First of all let me say, no, the food is not as good as a nice sit down Chinese restaurant. However this is a buffet after all and when compared to other buffets they do a solid job. Nothing old and dry on the steam tables. They have the same food, night after night, fresh and tasty. The flounder is light and fluffy, the lo mein is better than most in the city and the ribs are usually pretty meaty. I won't give a play by play for every dish but this place is like I said, consistently good, clean and friendly. Lucky for me they are close to my house!
1	This place is absolutely disgusting. Will never return.
