4	Came here to meet a colleague today for coffee.  It's a nice location with ample seating and of course FREE WiFi.  The staff here is friendly and the big bonus is that the other patrons are nice too.....I've been to some Starbucks in Vegas where I didn't care for the other customers as they were very rude and filthy.There is also ample power outlets for your laptop and the spacing between tables is comfortable, not cramped.Will I return?  I think I found my new hangout spot in the afternoons.
5	I love Starbucks.  I ingest it by IV permanently attached through a port under my chin.  Most of the time I buy it by the pound and make it at home.  I always buy it at a Starbucks store, never at the supermarket, because that never tastes the same.  Of all the Starbucks on all the corners near me, this one on Rampart has consistently been the friendliest and most helpful.  (The details shall remain a closely guarded secret, lest the employees there get into trouble, and then it won't necessarily be my favorite Starbucks any more).
5	Today is free coffee day for Earth Day. I bring my travel mug - a big one, of course. They're only brewing that Pike Place swill, since it's late afternoon. "Do you want me to brew Bold?  I can do that," the barista says. Other Starbucks wouldn't be so willing, especially since I won't be paying. That's what makes this location a 5-star joint in my book. Kudos.
4	Friendly staff and VERY near Labcorp so when I have blood work done, this is a small drive away to recharge my caffeine level.I got my normal quad espresso over ice.  How can they make that wrong?  Tasty--you bet!I'll be back!
5	This has got to be the coolest Starbucks I have been to. The drive thru offers a screen so you can see the person taking your order.  It is so personal and I love it!  Every time I go through the employees and super nice and accommodating as well. I love going to this location.
5	This is the second closest Starbucks to my home and I use it when I'm on the road because of the Drive-Thru. Always consistent and I feel it necessary to compliment Michelle who has worked here for many years and knows all the regulars including my dogs. And they have never even bought anything!
3	Drive thru coffee is an interesting game. Each experience is always different, one time the line is long and it takes forever and sometimes It has zero lines and still take forever.The drive thru at this Starbucks on average is pretty good. Most my experiences here are through the drive thru. A lot of the time they have a nice line but it seems as they have it together with quick service and pretty prompt great coffee.
1	I lived in the northwest for a while and am use to my Big Foot coffee or my Woods coffee. This is Garbage coffee I mean DD or MCD does better. I ordered a carmel ice coffee and I don't know why I tasted it but it was burn't tasting either over roasting the beans or something. I could only do about to sips. I should of went with my orig idea on drove a little further down on mead to the tulley place at least there its good.
4	Let's put a Starbucks with a drive through right on your route to work... diabolical. I'm not a big coffee drinker but I am trying (and failing) to drink green tea so this is a good place to get my fix. So far I have been lucky and haven't encountered any super long drive through lines (I'm not going to get out of my car after all- I'll go to the gym if I want to work out) but maybe I just get there at super awesome times? Or maybe anytime I'm there it by definition becomes a super awesome time? Probably.I also like the drive through because I can order a strawberries and cream frappacino and not have to go pick it up in front of everyone- feeling all those eyes on me, judging me, and the laughter- oh how they laugh... Real men drink pink drinks people- get used to it it's the 21st century and no it is not correlated with the decline of America as a super power. Anywhoo, sometimes I have 6-8 hours to kill so I come here with my macbook to work on my screenplay and order only water. Nice little Saturday.
4	This location is good. The service is friendly! The establishment needs trash cans on the outside, one for convenience, secondly to help prevent the trash being strewn on the ground in the parking-lot.
4	it's hard to study here because of all the hot milfs and cougars that walk in, and the drive through window is often times super packed and the line extends quite long, so be careful parking near it or you may have a hard time backing out.
5	The staff is wonderful, friendly and always greet me with a hello!  The iced tea might be the same at all Starbucks, but the baristas here kick butt!  My SERVICE dog agrees (Paul, who wrote that he was a pet.).
