5	Carl Wellman runs this one-chair barber shop in downtown Mesa and has cut my hair for about 15 years now. He's a sweetheart of a man and turns out 10 minute haircuts with military precision. I live in downtown Phoenix and Carl always makes me happy to make the trek to my old juvenile stomping grounds.
5	Wow is all I can say Carl was very polite and cut my hair faster then a pot of coffee being made lol.Highly recommend this barber shop as I will be returning here from now on great clips and supercuts have nothing on this man.
5	I'm here 1x's a week and absolutely love Carl's haircuts. He's lightning quick, ultra precise, and super reasonable. $8 for a haircut. I was paying double the price for 6 years with far inferior quality. Even up the block they're charging $12 for a cut. Go and support Carl.
5	8 dollars per cut---very affordable. Small shop, but Carl is a rare find. He He has a pleasant and agreeable personality, and he is very intelligent in conversation. Searching for the location of his shop is a small challenge, bit well worth the patience. He does not take credit card, so make sure you bring cash. But if you look half honest, he might give you a good faith hair cut, as he did to me, and you can pay him back another time.
5	I was working at my client's business down the road and had enough with my long hair. So after looking at the reviews, seeing how close he was located and seeing he only charges $8, I went to go try this place out on the spot. I have a few other barbers I would probably go before this place but I felt like taking Yelp risk and give Carl a shot!  First of all this place is small, he has 2 chairs, not sure if he has another barber but Carl was the one and only guy there. As far as aesthetics, he has a little TV with local channels playing. There are ton of magazines that are dated but enough to keep you entertained. Then after a 5 minute wait on a Monday afternoon, he was able to sit me right down. We shop talked while giving me a haircut. I had one of the simplest cuts I've ever requested in my life so I can't say how well he does on something more challenging, but he said he has been cutting hair for 22 years and has been in this location for 20. Good enough for me. My haircut looks good. I've gotten a couple new compliments on the new style and again, it's only $8.00! He seemed shocked that I gave him a tip for more than $1.00 and seemed genuinely grateful. It seems a big part of Carl's biz is snowbirds since I seen nothing but boat sedans in the parking lot and the person in the chair when I got there and the person waiting when I left looked like they all qualify for the early bird special at JB's (what you know about that!). Either way, give Carl a try for your haircut.
3	Carl gives a good military haircut, but go elsewhere for more complex cuts.
4	$8 haircuts.. this $8 includes BEARD TRIMS! Tiny, no frills, shop, which is fine by me.... rarely a long wait, and Carl is super cool!
5	Small basic barber shop which is exactly what I wanted.  I just want my hair cut and don't need all the other b.s.  Carl is great.  Reasonably priced and quick.  Definitely recommend!
5	Had my haircut this morning Finally a great barber at a great price highly recommend
5	Fast quality at a good price.  What else do you need?
5	Great job and great price. Enough said.
5	This is my third visit to Carl's for a haircut.  I usually come with my 6 yr old boy.  He always does a solid, efficient job.  No time wasted, but he's not rushing, either.  He charges $8, which is a great price.  I don't live too close to this place, but I think its worth the drive.
5	I have been going to Carl's Barber Shop for 15 years.  I drive 9 miles from East Mesa to his shop because I am that pleased with his service.  Carl is the best Barber I have ever had.  Awesome haircut and great conversation.
