4	So I decided after living in Arizona for almost three months, it was probably time to go register my car and get a driver's license. I went the day after Thanksgiving at about 3 pm. I had to have an out-of-state inspection...this was quick and easy and I got to stay sitting in my car. Sweet! I brought a book and was prepared to wait a long time once I got inside, but was pleasantly surprised when I was immediately given a number and it was called before I could even sit down. I was done with registering my car in about less than 10 minutes, which was awesome. Too bad it cost me a freaking arm and leg to register it...$286 for one year?? I vowed right there to never complain about Ohio's $55 annual fee ever again.Unfortunately, the computers were down that day and I couldn't get my license.  I will say that all of the workers I encountered were very nice and helpful, which was nice because I work in state government myself, so I know it can make you bitter and jaded.The two strikes against the Tempe MVD are: *the guy who registered my car called me "Sweetie" numerous times. He was probably around 37, so it creeped me out.*No Saturday hours. WTF? Thank goodness I bailed out of work early so I could take car of this little matter and still make it home in time to see the end of the LSU game.
2	The computer was down with no way to conduct any business after the long Memorial Day weekend.  I waited a few minutes and then decided to go work out at SCC.  Upon returning a couple of hours later the computer was still down.  I asked if this happens often and it has happened before after long holiday weekends. So how much time was lost by the public today?  How much gas was wasted because there was no Plan B?  I received a notice in the mail and have two months to update my driver's license  photo.  However, you can bet I will not be at Motor Vehicles on Monday July 7th for a repeat (?) performance.  I actually like my old photo and think I look like the photo so why do I have to get a new one?Update: On my second visit there were hardly any customers so the photo update went smoothly.  My number was quickly called with pleasant chit chat.  The only " problem" was the new photo didn't show as much hair as there should have been.  I  commented the camera must be broken which drew a chuckle but I am sure my remark is made hundreds of times.   Maybe the camera will be fixed the next time around?
1	Goddamn this place sucks.After waiting a glorious 4.5  hours to get my stupid license, I walk away with my fabulous brand new ID valid until 2048...only to find my effing name is spelled wrong.I go back and tell genius that this is in fact NOT my name, and I need it fixed.  She referred me back to the line and said I'd have to pay $25 again.Yeah...NO.  So I spent the next 4 years with my name spelled incorrelty on my ID.  As you might imagine, buying/selling both a house and a car with incorrect titles led to tons o' fun with lawyers.Thank you, Tempe  MVD, for changing my name for me.  While I always thought "Katherine" was a long name, you added 2 more letters for good measure.On the other hand, I looked smokin' hot in my AZ DL picture and was devastated to find the Ohio DMV makes you surrender your old license when registering there. :(
3	I have a 1978 Puch Maxi. This is a moped. It's not a motorcycle but still needs a license plate and registration. The registration is different than motorcycles, because mopeds have pedals. Like a bike. They are a MOtorcycle with PEDals. Get it. A MO PED. It's fun.To be a proper moped, in the eyes of the gub'ment, the engine must be 50cc or less (contrasted with my 1964 Ford Galaxy with 4942 cc) and may not exceed 25mph. This means you don't have to have a motorcycle license. You might say there is an element of danger to going less than 25 mph on normal city streets. Those people would probably be correct. Might I note that 45 is a speed _limit_, not a speed requirement. Right.The MVD on Larkspur doesn't see Mopeds very often and the employee helping me needed to get the assistant of two others looking over her shoulder and the opinions of 2 others. It seemed complicated. I can understand, since forms are forms and I hate seeing those very rare cases and forgetting about which form to use. These things happen.Overall a good experience and I was in and out _pretty_ quickly. They were all very nice.xxxI also have to add this. My gf was finally ready to update her license, and after recently getting her hair did, we headed to the same MVD where my Moped had started his new life. After waiting a short while for our number to be called, I had nature call. Screaming would be more appropriate.You know those times you've been to the rest stop and the bathroom smells ungodly? Or you've been to see a Triple A baseball team at the community ballpark and it's smelled like wretched garbage and feces?I don't like public restrooms. I simply don't. I like privacy. I like enjoying my time, my private time, spending those moments to reflect peacefully. I don't like being away from home, but there are times when circumstance necessitates that I grin and bear it. I guessed the MVD would be a wretched place. 409 surface cleaner and Clorox bathroom poison will only kill so much bacteria before it loses the war. These things happen. They especially happen at the MVD on Larkspur.I now know why these places smell so bad. The rest stop, the ballpark, the one at the city park. The only reason anyone ever uses those restrooms is when they must. A wretch shit leads one to use wretched shitters.4 stars for a good experience despite the circumstance, and getting Bonnie G's Driver's License done quickly and with a great photo. Minus 1 star for forcing me to learn a life lesson about public restrooms before I should have needed to learn it. Which should be never.
4	EVERYONE loves to harsh on Arizona for being such a hateful place (including me!) However, I've had nothing but great service at the DMV!  Granted, my morning excursion today didn't get completed.  However it wasn't particularly crowded and I got to talk to the woman at the information desk within a minute of entering.  Rather than direct me to another line to wait, she troubleshot my issue quickly, and even APOLOGIZED when she said I would have to go talk to my bank to clear things up before getting my title.  Compared to DMV service in California, Arizona DMV is HEAVEN!!!
4	A DMV experience that wasn't totally crazy and only took 15 minutes? I didn't even know that existed! I came in here to get an Arizona drivers license. Being from California, I expected that it was going to take forever. Boy was I wrong. I walked in and was helped right away. It took a little bit just to get all my paperwork done and then I went to take my picture. They printed my ID out right then and there. Yes Californians you heard me: RIGHT THEN AND THERE. No two to three week waiting period before receiving it in the mail. It was SO nice. Oh and the ladies were super friendly, another thing that never happens at California DMVs. I never thought I would actually enjoy going to the DMV but I can honestly say I did.
4	I remember the days when you had to practically take a day off of work to go to the DMV.  I've visited two DMV's in the past month and have been more than pleased with the service provided, and the time I spent taking care of the issue.   At this location, I arrived at about 8:15 on a Monday, waiting maybe 10 minutes to get called, and was out the door by 8:45.  This included taking care of paperwork and getting a new license.  Not only were the employees efficient, they were actually very friendly and helpful.  It is apparent that the DMV has worked very hard in the past few years to improve their tarnished image... I guess the government has managed to get something right!
4	I'm grading this MVD only compared to other, similar establishments, like compared to other DMV's that I've been to.  As such, it gets 4 stars.  If I were writing this review and comparing this place to, say, Disneyland, it would definitely get like a 1 or a 2.  Most DMV's smell like.... ugh.  Death?  Vomit?  Vomiting corpses?  B.O.?  Cumin?  Hatred?  This one doesn't smell bad and I was here in July in Phoenix, now that's saying something.If you go to the DMV in California, you'd better not plan on meeting anyone because you WILL need to call them and say, "Goddamnit, this is taking longer than I expected."  Also, California's real dick about licenses.  Arizona is apparently the most lax state in the country about giving people the right to drive.  I went in, gave them my California license, they took my picture and I was in and out in about 12 minutes.  And my license doesn't expire until like 2345, so by then I'll be aboard the USS Enterprise... D.  The Next Generation.  It kind of scares me how easy it is to get a license given how old people love to drive through farmers markets and kill dozens of people.  Oh well.  I got mine!
5	No waiting and friendly, accommodating service, even at the end of the month! MVD in Tempe: you rock!!!
4	A great experience at a DMV for me would be defined by speed. It's pretty rare to go into a DMW and come out in 30 minutes. My most recent experienced required new tags and driver's license. For the most part the workers here are trying to be efficient and quick.Here they have a information booth which is nice since they can answer all your questions and direct you to the right section.If you have to come here, make sure you're not in a rush. You'll need at least 1.5 hours.
5	I've been to the DMV in CA, ND, and NC and this was by far the most friendly, efficient, and painless. When you come from another state, you don't have to take a written test, and I didn't even have to take an eye test. Registering my 2008 vehicle, tags, and driver's license was $145, the cheapest I have ever paid. The people are calm, friendly, patient and helpful, and the place is clean and well-organized. Kudos to them. I went on a Tuesday at noon and spent about 40 minutes there; it was not packed but it was busy with customers.
3	The DMV carries the reputation of being hell's waiting room, with an individual Satan at every window, waiting to make your life difficult. I remember the DMV was routinely a 3 hour wait, and people there looked borderline suicidal. Not the happiest of memories. This particular DMV in Tempe is actually not so bad. They have a lot of people working there and the employees are actually pretty friendly. I've been twice, and the wait the first time was about 30 minutes, while the last visit it was closer to an hour. There are 18 different windows, so they rip through the numbers pretty quickly.It's a confusing number system, so keep that in mind when you get there that you really have to listen and watch the boards for your number to come up.I could think of better places to spend an hour, but at least it's not 3-4 hours.
4	As far as DMV/MVDs go, I truly believe that 90% of the time people come away disgruntled because they don't prepare their own stuff before going there.  I had all my stuff ready to go for both a new AZ license and title and registration for both my car and motorcycle.  I walked out the door at 8:30AM (opens at 8AM).  This on a Friday too!  Talk about efficiency!
1	-  Failing  to  mail  out  Renewal  Notice-  Suspending  registration for no  reason-  Over  one  hour  on  hold  to  talk  to  someone  on  the  phone  Arizona MVD  sucks:  Instead  of  sending  me  the  renewal  notice  for my  van  they  sent  me  several  notices  that  they  would  suspend  the  registration  for my  other  car   because,  according  to  them,   I  had  not  sent  them  proof  of   insurance.   i   talked  to  my  insurance  company  and  they   sent  them  several  letters  confirming  that  my  car  always  had  insurance  without  any  gaps.They  just  ignored  these  letters  and  one  day  i  received  another  letter  from them  telling  me  that  now  they  had  suspended  the  registration.In  regards  to  my  van:   I  believe  that  they  make  extra  money  by  failing  to  send  out  the  Registration Renewal  Notices.   If  you  drive   several  vehicles  you  might  overlook  it    or  when  you  notice  that  you  registration is  expired it  is  already  too  late.   I  don't  know   how  many  cases  there  are  but  the  late  fees / penalties  add  up  and  you   can't  proof  that  they  never  sent  out  the  Renewal  Notice.  Since   you  need the  code  (Record #)  for  the  online  renewal  you   have  to  wait  until  you  get  the  Notice.   It  appears  that  the  MVD   rewards  itself  with  late  fees /   penalties  for  their  own  failure  to  send  the  Renewal  Form   to   vehicle  owners.If   you try  to  call  them  to  find  out  why  they  wouldn't  send  you  the  Renewal Notice,    you  will  be  connected    to  a  prison  inmate  in  their  call  center  ("Level one")  who  will  immediately  transfer  your  phone  call  to  a    line  where  you  have  to  wait  for  over  an  hour  on  hold  to  talk  to  a  "level  two  representative".  According  to  the  information that I  have,   "Level  One"  representatives  don't  have  any   authority  and  the  reason  why  there  is  a message  that  you  should not  give  them  any  personal  information  is  that   these  are  prison  inmates.
1	THESE guys need to get a F'n clue! I called 3 times to get the right information, they told me clearly over the phone what I needed to bring in. I went in with exactly what they asked and when I get there they wont help me! their phone operators told me exactly what to bring in and now they're telling me something totally different, and the response from the staff in the office was, Oh this happens all the time! Sorry, cant help you!EDUCATE YOUR F'n STAFF SO PEOPLE DONT WASTE THEIR OWN TIME AND MONEY A'holes@!
4	I really have no complaints on this place. I am just glad that I knew it was there.The only DMV we knew of was Mesa and Phoenix. Both really far away.Then I remembered, there is one in Tempe. Right off McClintock Rd. However, You better be prepared to search, Because, you will not find it easy. It is hidden away down this side street. There are no signs showing where this place is. I am giving them one star off because, of this reason.Very limted amount of parking I must say. But, here are all the good things. We came a little before 3:30 pm. The place was packed! I do not know how all these people found it, but  they did.  Anyway, we both needed new DL. So we went to the line, it went quickly. They gave us a number and application. As soon as we filled it out ,they called out number right away. Both of us.About 10 min later they called us for the final part. We paid our $12.00 and were on our way. Super great! Could not of been better. We are both super grateful.
5	Usually when you think of going to a Motor Vehicle registration, you think about long lines and people disgruntled, including the working staff.  I came in on a Friday around lunch time, and I was able to get helped within 30 minutes.  The service was great as I had all of my queries resolved in an extremely timely manner with the best efficiency that I have seen ever from a bureaucratic organization.  I have been to other MVDs in Arizona, and I feel that the culture here is stronger and more close knit.  Everyone seemed to be smiling.  Either they were happy or were putting up a good show.
5	Oh dear God. This place is amazing. I don't know, maybe I have just been scarred horribly by the extreme lines/waits I had to deal with at the DMVs all over California since I turned 16. Nobody in Arizona can complain about this place, if you do, you are spoiled. Every visit I have ever had here, I am in in out pretty fast, on a busy day it was (maybe) 30 minutes (fastest was probably 10 min). I've lost my ID so many times, in Vegas and other catastrophes, that this MVD is like my second home. They are always so friendly and chatty with me, I feel like I'm dealing with people I know. I have heard stories from a number of staff members that are super interesting and funny.  I've registered my car here which went seamlessly without any problems or delays. I hope to never have to deal with another California DMV ever again! Tempe MVD for life!
2	The wait was more than 3 hours to get a learner's permit.  That is not only frustrating, but an eternity for an excited 15 year old.  After all of the waiting and the chaos is was a miracle to even pass the test.  The first thing they do now is the picture instead of doing it at the end of the process.  We waited at least 45 minutes for our number to come up for the picture alone.  There has to be a better way to do this!
4	My tip would be to go early in the morning, say 800amToday (Thursday)  I went early in the morning to the MVD and I was in and out in 25 minutes. I was only there from 8am-825am and I was pretty amazed. This location is usually pretty quick and very organized. All of the workers are super nice and friendly.
1	No WAY does this place have such good reviews. This place is hell on earth. I waited for TWO HOURS and they only helped 3 people in front of me! There were 8 more to go so I gave up because I refused to be there all day long. Why wouldn't you be able to make an appointment?! Why!!?? And the employees are so rude its amazing. Avoid this place like the plague. Drive to Tucson if you have to. It would save you time. Trust me.
2	So the MVD started using an online wait time. I just have to say whatever formula they are using it needs to be massaged back into reality. The magical powers of the MVD to dissolve minutes into oblivion still reigns supreme. When I arrived after checking in I looked at the time and it said 10 minutes for registration. After sitting for 30 minutes and checking about every 5 minutes I have watched the wait times increase to now 33 minutes. I'm by the check in and listening to the lady tell people it's a 20 minute wait while online is up to 33 minutes now. Setting realistic healthy expectations is key to a successful business and they are making an attempt with the
3	Remember the last time you went to the DMV? Remember how shortly after leaving you called to tell all your friends and family that they too needed to take a trip to the DMV because you hadn't had more fun in years? Remember that time?Yeah... Me either...I've been here twice. The first time I came in feeling tough. I had my Forms filled out, my FL drivers license at the ready... I was going to rock this thing.I approached the pleasant (*sarcasm) lady  at the counter. I was feeling pretty good about myself and greeted the woman with a smile and howdily do!? Nothing... crickets. Chirp Chirp Chirp.ME: Ummm... I'm here to get my AZ driver's license. Lady: Here you need to fill out this form... ME: Nope! I already did, oh yeah! (I wasn't outwardly this excited, but in my head there was a happy party going on)Lady: You need your birth certificate or passport... ME: Whaaaaa? Ummmm I don't have that with me. I have my FL driver's license and my concealed weapons permit. I though it said on the website that you could use those. Lady: No. You need a primary form of ID which is a birth certificate or passport. We're open til 5.ME: (Happy party in my head.... Over.) *Sad face*Ok, that was a couple weeks ago. Today I came back and still had my form filled out and brought along my passport. Today was all bizness. No playin'. I spoke to a lady at the counter, she said I was all good and I sat my butt down. Sittin there mean muggin'. Not happy. This brings me to the sociological part of the DMV. There's generally an interesting mix of people at the DMV. I sat here looking around, people watching and thought to myself... It should be a requirement that all people have to sit in the DMV waiting room for an hour every 6 months. Why, you ask? Because doing this will make most people appreciate their own life, and also appreciate the people that work here a little more. There were people from all spectrums of life here today. Hanging out at the DMV will make you tough... not quite as tough as maximum security prison might make you, but pretty tough. It'll break you... or it'll make you stronger. It will test you. Anyway, I survived the DMV and got my Arizona driver's license! I'm an official Arizonan! Woot Woot! Thank goodness I don't have to come back here for a while.....
5	This is the best DVM there is out there. I needed new license. I came in here, got a new picture and a new card in no time. The staff is very friendly. They are always nice every time I go in here.The parking is limited.You can get all your Car needs taken care of there.I really like it, It is a great place.
5	Just moved to Arizona from California and had to complete all the necessary car, license & registration changes. Got there right after opening and when I walked on saw quite the line at the start table. I was immediately thinking this is going to take forever. But nope in and out in 45 minutes, plus super nice representative. Score two for me!
5	Sally H really was quick and helpful!! Awesome job AZ MVD! Would be nice to have a greeter at the door to tie in the atmosphere.
1	The 1star is for th nicest old man at the info desk....The bad shit is Cassandra Started yellin at me 4 asking information at the info desk!!!!! Thanx Cassandra! U made an epileptic cry! Thanks bitch.
3	Going to the DMV (or perhaps it's called MVD now?) is never something I look forward to.  As a matter of fact, I pretty much dread it and procrastinate it as much as possible.  This was the case over the last few weeks.I finally decided to legally change my last name (five years into marriage).  Step two of the process was a visit to the DMV to get a new license.  I found a time in my schedule on a Wednesday morning that I could make work, and I went for it.  I figured it couldn't take more than an hour to do so, or could it?  It sure could... it was a slow day for them, according to the woman that I worked with, after I was called to window 18 to get my new photo taken.  Even on a supposedly "slow day," it still took me over an hour and a half to get in and out...No one seemed happy to be working there (or to be visiting there), but I guess that's part of the reason that it's not a fun place to go.  You get what you expect - nothing more and nothing less.  Take a driving test, register a vehicle, get a new license, do what you need to do... the fine folks at this office will take care of you, just make sure you have all of the documentation prior, and make sure you're not on a tight schedule.All of that being said, I'm glad that part / my visit is done.  Now onto the next steps of the name change!
5	As best as I am able to recall this is the office visited since 1980. It has been 5* in customer service and results. Considering the diversity of their tasks and the number customers I feel they are fast. Never rushed, impatient, a mistake, or displaying anything approaching negative interaction. They have been patient, clear and pleasant. With almost 26 years with a different part of state service I am aware of how things should not be conducted. I feel this is a model office.
1	Miserable people with no souls work here. I never thought changing a name on a license would be such an ordeal. Make sure you show up EARLY, before 8 or you will be waiting for hours. I will be going to a different mvd in the future.
1	Lazy and very slow service. Most of them are rude. they need to find a more polite staff or more polite people to work there.
4	It's the DMV for dyslexics!Just kidding (and that's not even funny probably just offensive to persons with dyslexia so I apologize)Why 4 stars for the DMV? Because even though it legit smelled in there, I was in and out in a reasonable amount of time and no one was rude to me. Also, you can adapt to the smell after a while.Their ticketing system didn't seem to follow any logical ordering system, so just pay attention. Bring a book and pen and you'll survive.
