3	Swany's Lounge Bar is, like the name suggests, a simple lounge and bar area. Nothing more exciting than a football match, pint and a chat happenes at Swany's - but that is exactly the reason you go. Unlike other bars in this area which cater for students, Swany's remains an essential old man drinking establishment - albeit with few old men.A small, quiet bar with traditional tables, stools and those funny pub sofas you get which serves beer, crisps and nuts. Nothing special.But this lack of gimmicks which has made modern pubs a bit rubbish is the unique selling point of Swany's. Dont expect gastropub food and chilled wine, rather a chilled atmosphere and cheap prices as well as friendly staff.
3	Classic traditional old man pub, I really don't know what else to say apart from that.
3	You don't get a spectacular number of students here and the average age is quite high, but this works in this places favour, as despite being a student myself I do recognise how they change the atmosphere - take the Crags for an example.You don't get food here either, but for a beer and a chat or to watch a game it does the job and you get a more pleasant atmosphere than anything closer to town.  It's not that expensive either so it's well worth a visit just so long as you're willing to be content with what it has to offer.
3	Swany's is an out of the way bar trying to avoid the student scene and succeeds. You won't find an itbox here or pool tables or a jukebox with the Black Eyed Peas (thank God) here but this is not what Swany's is about. This pub stays away from the limelight and the inside is just what you'd expect, quiet and relaxed. The regulars are generally quite old but they don't make you feel excluded when you come in and just carry on chatting.That is pretty much what you'd come into Swany's for, just a bit of a chat with a few drinks. The relaxed atmosphere makes it ideal for this but not much else. The beers are reasonable and averagely priced, nothing too special. There is a TV here is well, and this is when the pub livens up a little. It's an ok place to go to with a few mates to watch the footie but don't expect much more.
