5	Great place for kids to play.  During the summer there is a water area that is great for all ages.
5	This park is great for young kids aged about 1year-8 or so.  It has a water feature, a grass maze, and two large playhouses that the kids love to run around in.  There are several slides and ride on animals as well.  It only has one exit and entry so you feel pretty safe letting your kids run around.
4	When ever we come to Town Square the kids are always asking if we can make a stop at the park. It can get very crowded but with the awesome play quipment and splash pad I know we will continue to return
5	My son love this place! Here is cleanse. They are nice!
4	This is a great little park in the middle of Town Square.  The great parts: completely fenced in with only one way in and out that is manned.  The maze is pretty cool.  There are bathrooms right there.  The kids always have a good time there.  This is a cool little park.  But it is little.  It is also a tiny splash pad.  This is not exactly where I would bring my kids if I want to leave with them wet.  There are too many other place in Henderson and Las Vegas that have awesome splash pads.I will absolutely keep coming back for some play time in between shopping, movies, or lunch!
5	always a great time for the kids.
5	Great little park for the kids. There are treehouses to climb, a splash pad, a people-powered merry-go-round. Even a peewee sized stage for the creative childI love the grounds, theyre well-kept, and of course the shopping is fabulous. Two things i dont like much:1 the "playground cops" who tell kids they cant go in the wAter without shoes, and the adults they cant take in the drink they just paid $5 for right outside the gateAnd2. The fact that its difficult to find your kids on this playground. The treehouses are cool but they shouldve made them with better accesibility for parents. Also the park is very long so if they run off you really cant see them. Not so great when you have multiple kids to look after. Still, the plusses outweigh the minuses. And its really very non-vegassy. Which is great for us world weary locals. So five stars it is.
3	This is a nice area for you to take your kids for a little while. It's not huge but it has all the necessary play areas that your child would enjoy. As you walk in there is a maze, an splash pad area to the left and a wooden play area with slides. In addition, there are a few replica homes for kids to play around in and a kids stage to the right.
4	Nice park for the kids! They had fun.
5	This place is a fantastic outlet for kid's energy!  The water feature keeps them cooled off and there are so many different adventures to be had in the maze, tree houses, slides, playhouse, etc.  It is also nice to have a bathroom on site.  The best thing is that the whole area is fenced off with only one point if ingress and egress.  Great fun!
5	A hidden gem for the little ones right smack in the middle of Town Square. There's a splash pad which is great for the Las Vegas heat (remember to bring water shoes, it gets quite hot). It's really a charming playground. It almost looks like a page out of Hantzel and Gretel with the tiny storybook-like clubhouses. Behind that you'll find a maze where you're bound to get lost. Not to fret, you'll find your way out the same way you came in. Slides and a few benches when you need a breather. Some more shade would've been helpful considering it's blazing hot out here pretty much 9 months of the year. But my kids don't seem to mind. There are bathrooms located inside which is such a plus. There's even a child sized potty in the stall on the right side. My daughter always insists on using it. You're not allowed to bring food or drink inside so I suggest grabbing a bite before or after. Wetzels Pretzels & Lollicup are right outside the gates. Those two places are my go-to when I'm here.
5	I'm a big fan of this place. I love an outdoor shopping mall. I have been shopping, eating and drinking at this place for years. Some of my standout favorites are H&M, Victoria's Secret, Sephora, Whole Foods, Container Store, Blue Martini, McFaddens & Stoney's to name a few... Well, knowing I was going to be watching my nephew for a few days, I wanted to plan some fun stuff for us to do. First thing in our agenda was Wednesday story time. I'll be honest he wasn't that into it... He more liked walking around and looking at the little tables. He's not overly into giant animated characters but he was patient mostly I think for my benefit. Next stop the park. Oh my gosh we played for hours. He LOVES this spot. I chaff him around the giant grass maze and then he'd run over to the sides or climb up the rope ladder. There's a lot to do in such a small area. The moms could do better job keeping an eye on their kids... (going up the slide the wrong way or etc... But security does a pretty good job staying on top of it. Then the train. So cute and for only $3 you get to ride around the park area twice. My nephew was over the moon. I also want to give train conductor, Jason a shout out. He was awesome. So much positive energy & personality. It is great to see someone that really enjoys their job. I know there's a lot of places that I haven't even checked out yet... But there's always next time.
