5	Well I'm not psyched on the idea of having to go to the MVD or DMV depending on where you're from, but coming to this location I was in and out in 10 minutes. I needed to get my emissions checked and due to their suggestions on their website I went in the middle of the week in the middle of the day and it was a breeze. The individuals working there were friendly and helpful and I couldn't have asked for a better MVD visit.
3	Ok. Two hours and counting. I did come in the middle of the afternoon like a rookie so I can't complain terribly about the wait. Extra star for the super nice staff and quick service once I got to the window. Hands down, the fastest and nicest MVD in Phoenix.
3	People rag on them, but when you consider the volume of people they have to deal with I think they handle it really well.  Expect a wait, but not because they are slow.  It's because they have 50-100 people ahead of you when you arrive.  At one person per minute, that's still an hour to get to you.  And sometimes they are calling numbers faster than 1 per minute.We had to wait, but the crowd was large, and the lady was helpful and efficient.  We were done in 5 minutes or so.  Plus a short wait after for them to print the card.Beware the restrooms, however.  What is it with people?  Can't they aim?  Really?!  I shudder to think what their homes must look like if that's the best they can do!!  C'mon, fellow citizens!  It's not that difficult to hit the water in the bowl, and flush the silly thing when you're done!  Sheesh.
3	I concur with TW. It's a DMV. expect a wait.  I asked when I got up there, what's a better day or time to come? the gal said, in the morning, but not Mondays or the day after a holiday. The staff I've gotten have really been helpful and nice, not grumpy like in some cities.Only 2 bad things: no place to change my son's diaper in the ladies' room. Really, DMV? Our tax $$ hard at work. Also, the parking lot is very small--not sure where to park when it's full. ?  It should be marked better where the overflow is. On the street? is there a back lot we can park in?  Kind of unclear. Glad I so far have found parking in front or on the side each time I've gone; one lady must have driven around forever, as she finally asked me if I was coming or going, and waited for me to get my son and his stroller into the car, and get him a snack. I wasn't that close to the front, but at least it was a parking space.
3	There is always a wait, regardless of time. There's a line by 7:30am, so come early or plan on being here a few hours.  I can't say I've experienced better because I have yet to visit an MVD I "like," or have spent less than 2 hours at.  I also can't say I've had a bad experience here, it is just frustrating sometimes to have one person tell you that you don't have the correct form(s) while another says you have the correct form(s) but need to fill out something else.  While the wait can get pretty long (max for me so far: 4.5 hours just to change my license.  Ouch.), they do move through the numbers fairly quickly, there are just so many people who need this service, it gets packed wall to wall.  If you'd like to try avoiding this mess, they do offer an impressive list of services online that you can just do from the computer with a credit/debit card, so make sure to check out their site before you head in (also good for seeing which documents you'll need).
3	Unfortunately the MVD here doesn't have an online appointment system so expect to wait in line for a bit unless you're willing to camp outside overnight. The plus side is that the employees are pretty nice. I haven't encountered a single MVD Chandler employee that gave me attitude or was pretentious (other MVD/DMV workers take note!).
3	Not sure really how to review the MVD but I'm gonna give it a shot!  First off, no one wants to go here ever and cant blame em.  The lines are long, people are impatient, employees get irritated, it isnt Disneyland.  Had to make an unexpected trip to the Chandler MVD the other day to get a duplicate ID and taking what ive learned from past experiences I got there an hour early to beat the impeding line of doom that I know tend to develop before the places opens.  I was ecstatic to be the first one there!About 10 mins before opening, an employee came out and passed out to the now large line, the paperwork to fill out in order to make the transition smoother once the doors open. With being the first in line, I was in and out in about 25 mins which had to be a record for me.
2	It's difficult to be a fan of the DMV.No matter what day you go there a line has formed at the entrance before they've opened.  You go inside and there's a line throughout the day.You get a number and then stand in another line.Staff is cordial at best.
4	Sometimes you're gonna have to wait at the MVD, and that's just reality. I have to profess that I have had nothing but positive experiences here because they are efficient and seem to keep things moving along. I registered a towing trailer here and it was mostly painless. It's best to explain your needs to the front counter as you enter (before you get your number-in-line), as that clerk will expedite you to the right places.Popped in with a friend to get his car smogged and registered and it was the quickest visit ever! Got the car smog-checked at the building next door within about 20 minutes and then paid the registration at an automated kiosk near the front desk. We were in and out well under a half an hour... and registration in this state is a lot cheaper than places I've lived before (ahem... Cali).For an experience that could be otherwise a real pain in the neck, this MVD is kind of a breeze. Bring some reading material for when you need to sit and you'll eventually git-r-done. Relax.
3	It seems to me that there should be a better way to manage the flow here!  It is painfully slow, granted not a place most people enjoy frequenting so time goes even slower.    Had plenty of time to "watch" the happenings and i just dont get it.  Not sure the premise is based on efficiency. Also, the facility is really pretty old and dare I say gross- not sure how clean???Having said that, all the people the work here were very nice and I would rate higher if based on that alone.
2	The women here who work the counters are inpatient, easily aggravated and lack basic communication skills. I never expected to have a nice experience at the DMV. That is why I try to do all of my applicable business online. Then my daughter turned driving age . From the Asian lady at the front counter who gives you the numbers to the fast moving insensitive ladies at the back counter this place is so disorganized. Seriously, the lady who gave us a number did not give us the correct paperwork. We waited our 40 minutes to be called. Angela at counter 20 advised us that we had the incorrect paperwork. Which was not our fault. She then proceeded to argue with me as if it was I who screws this up. She then told me we would have to go back to the first counter to get a different number and wait again! As if my time was not as important as hers. I argued with her and seriously fought the urge to "pop off". She ultimately conceded defeat and walked me up to the first counter to repeatedly point out the First Ladies error. Then she sat me down with Tamera. This is when things calmed down. Tamera is probably the nicest most patient person within 8 miles of this place. She spoke sweetly and explained everything thoroughly. Seriously, she is a valuable employee and made my daughter feel much better about this entire process. Tamera you rock. Do not let this place jade you!
1	I came to fix a license I got a week ago because the date of birth was incorrect when it came in the mail.  I had to wait in 3 lines.  It took 2 hours and the woman who takes your picture was very rude.  They have no concept of customer service.  Then they made me refill out the form and take a new picture despite the fact that this was their error and I filled it out and took a picture a week ago.  That is inefficient and wasteful of tax dollars and time.  Just a really bad experience.   We are all busy....if you don't have lots of time to waste, don't go to the chandler dmv!
1	Going on 2 hours of waiting to get my daughter a driver's permit. This is ridiculous. I guess you should always expect government agencies to be painfully slow!
