5	Pretty. Sick. Beauty. is the best in vegas! I have loved being a client for the past 6+ years. I was fortunate enough to have Pretty. Sick. Beauty. do my hair and makeup for my wedding and was told numerous times how AMAZING it looked, which i totally agree. I have had my hair cut, colored, and have had extensions done and have loved it every time! I highly recommend Kate & Pretty. Sick. Beauty.
5	Pretty.sick.beauty is an incredible salon with incredible stylist! If you want great service and all the newest trends you have to visit my friend Kate and associates...you"ll be soooo jazzed that you did!
5	Love my hair! I am very picky with my hair and have super curly hair (so not everyone does it well). A week ago I got highlights from another stylist that I hated! So today I was able to get in with Kate and she totally transformed my hair. The color looks amazing & my hair looks & feels great! ...Bonus she has a good personality and makes your time there enjoyable.
5	If you are looking for an awesome hair stylist and exceptional colorist look no more! Kate @ pretty.sick.beauty is your girl! She is great at what she does and does not waste time! She gets you in and out and you hair will be amazing!!! My sister had a very bad experience with another stylist just days before her wedding and Kate was able to fix all of the damage and turn my sister's hair into exactly what she wanted and no one every knew about the mishap except us. Thank you Kate for your great services!
5	I have never received more compliments on hair until I started going to Kate. She makes the hair color process fun and easy to chat with her about anything. My hair is healthier, stronger, and prettier than it's ever been. She also does AMAZING extensions. She takes her time and makes sure every single piece is perfectly placed. She's literally the best.
5	I've been coming to Kate for 5 years now. I've done everything from cut, color, extensions and hair flare. I have never been disappointed. I look forward to seeing her smiling face and listening to her hilarious stories. She is the full package so if you are looking for a legit stylist then look no further.
