5	The team at Big League Cleaning is great.  The team was super professional and did a great job.  I've never had anyone in to clean the house before, and I was a little nervous about having strangers in the house, but Patricia made me feel comfortable right away.I didn't think my house was THAT messy, but when they were done I was shocked how much better it looked.  I will definitely use them again.
5	Patti and Andrea were awesome!!! My house has never felt cleaner!! I just moved in and finally got most of the boxes out, but the cabinets were sticky from the previous owner. I had already wiped them down a few times but couldn't get the cabinets to feel clean. Not sure what Patti did, but they look like new and feel super clean! Plus they have this awesome floor steamer clean thing that took dripped paint right off the tile and left my hardwood floors shining :) I rarely write reviews but I am seriously very impressed and will definitely be calling upon them again! Plus they are very nice, friendly, and just great people!
1	I first called Big League Cleaning on March 29, 2013 and made an appointment for the following Monday, April 1, 2013 at 9:00 in the morning. I explained to her that my house was a mess and she stated that there was no job to small or to big for them. At 9:30 AM that Monday, Patty called me and said that "the paperwork" just crossed her desk, apologized and we rescheduled for Tuesday. As bad luck would have it, I got called into work Tuesday and we once again rescheduled for the following Monday, April 8, 2013. Patty showed up on time and proceeded to "clean" my house. I was given a price of $130.00.I asked them to vacuum, dust,  mop and clean the bathrooms and showers. After completing the dining room I noticed that the water was dirty and asked them to please empty out the dirty water and use clean water and cleaning solvent. They agreed. When I came back a few minutes later I noticed that they were mopping with the same filthy water. They said, once again, they would change it.I told them that the furniture was on sliders and on a wooden floor. I specifically asked them to move and clean under the couch and chairs. Likewise I specifically asked them to slide the furniture in my bedroom, once again on sliders and the bed on wheels and they agreed. None of the job was done well. They never even opened the showers and they emptied the filthy water down my bathroom sink. It got clogged and I had to call a plumber to unclog it.  That plumbing job cost me an additional $125.00.I IMMEDIATELY called Patty and asked her to come back. She told me that she had a 2:00 job but she would come back after that job and finish mine. At 7:00 PM I started calling her to no avail.Here's what I take fault for. I only did a cursory check when they were finished as they said they were late for their next appointment. I trusted them. BIG MISTAKE. After they left I found that the floors were sticky, from the filthy water that they never changed. There was dust, dirt and dog hair under the bed and behind my desk. Please refer to the attached photos of the finished job. Not only did they not move or clean under the bed, they lied about it.After calling numerous times from 7:00 PM until approximately 10:00 PM and getting voicemail, I gave up. Finally, at approximately 11:00 PM here is a copy of the text that Patty sent to me:"We had booked appointments set today and I thought I would have time to come back. The reason we do walk threws is to make sure this doesn't happen.  We always send a two person crew so for us to come back would be two people. Tomorrow we are booked. Next time we see you we can give you a discount and we will make sure the job is complete to you liking because we didn't know you wanted us to move your bed we usually don't move beds unless its requested and it wasn't. Next time we can make sure you do a full look before we leave."It all sounds well and good however the final price that I was charged was $150.00 and frankly I don't believe that I should have to wait for two weeks to have a job completed that I already paid for, do you? So including the plumber and the cleaning crew I paid $275.00 to have them over.They completely ripped me off and I WILL NEVER use this company again and I HIGHLY recommend that you don't either. Don't let their cheery nature, great phone etiquette and open ended lies fool you, they do a horrible job and to compound the problem they charge more than they quote.Lastly, I cannot be 100% sure, however I checked both the Clark County and City of Las Vegas web sites and could not find a business license for this company.
5	BIG LEAGUE CLEANING IS AMAZING! They are extremely professional and completely help me with any last minute cleaning that I need. With me working full time and taking care of my 3 kids on my own its hard for me to get my house the way that I want it. Patty and her staff always come through and turn my house into a place that I want to come home to. I have used her services since before Christmas of 2012, her pricing is reasonable and her work is impeccable...she made my house look like it is kid and pet free. I totally will refer them over and over again and have used them at least once, twice sometimes even three times a month! Thanks Patty for all your hard work!
5	I love Big League cleaning when I seen one bad review had to read it then I realize he makes negative comments about everyone so I call. Everything  he said was wrong she is sweet, professional, has great prices, and my house smells wonderful. She came with a steam cleaner I love it. My whole house was clean in three hours. Thank you Big League. Her B/L # is NV20121517898 ex 8/31/13
