1	I am rating this one because I cannot leave feedback with ZERO stars. Do NOT go to see Dr. Erica N. Bigos  (formerly, Erica N. Elannan). I have never had any issues with my teeth. I had a cavity that I got in my 20's. The filing was getting old and I had it redone. About 6 months later I changed dentists to Dr. E bc she is a cosmetic dentist and I was interested in pursuing veneers for my two front teeth, which are mainly composite (from a gap that never closed with braces and from several chips).  After her first visit with me she told me the tooth I just had the filing redone on needed to be crowned because there was a lot of decay. She appeared to be very knowledgeable and I went ahead with her proposed treatment plan.  She's very personable and makes you feel great, like she's the best in the business, don't bother driving to Scottsdale she says, bc she can give you best treatment in Anthem, same lab, cheaper price, and her work is perfection.. so she says. Getting the crown was painful, it did not go without a hitch, and after this experience I would not get veneers in her office. I referred my husband to her for a cleaning bc new patients got free teeth whitening. My husband went and got his teeth cleaned and walked away with a laundry list of items he needed to get done, including more crowns. After getting a second opinion, he did not need the work she recommended, he did not trust her integrity and never went back. After another routine cleaning there, she said I needed another crown on a tooth where I had a filing. Apparently her x-ray showed decay and in her ledger notes she wrote I needed to get it "taken care of ASAP or risk a root canal". This concerned me, bc my typical appointments with dentist run very smoothly, aside from the 2-3 cavities I had in my early years. After a second opinion, I was told that was absolutely ridiculous. Then her staff followed up consistently to get it scheduled... so you can make sure you "use up all of your insurance by the end of year bc it doesn't roll over." I got a crown on a tooth that I likely didn't even need. I have had two dentists since, both have confirmed I did not need that second crown she recommended. Three years later, the second tooth she recommended I get crowned hasn't been touched and it's 100% fine, yet I know have major issues with her crown work, as a result I may need an extraction! SEVERAL other residents in Anthem have had similar complaints and lawsuits!........ I will say this, they are aware that I am not happy with my experience there and while I will never step foot in their office again, they offered to rectify the situation. I will be filing a complaint with the AZ Board of Dentistry.....and the other person giving the review, Jamie W. works there.
5	I hate going to the dentist, but this staff always makes it much easier to go to the dentist. They are all very friendly and professional. Dr. E Bigos  has been my dentist now for six years and she is awesome. They have done my crowns and a root canal and did an excellent job on all occasions. I highly recommend North Valley Family Dentistry and all of their staff.
5	I have been a patient of Dr Biggos for a year, and could not be more pleased by her and the staff.  Let me start by saying, I was referred by a co-worker.  I normally have fear of the dentist in general, but I was assured that I would be in good hands. I went in for routine cleaning and realized that lack of upkeep on my part I had a few cavities.  I returned to have them filled and sealed, all were done quick and painlessly.  Dr. Biggos is beyond knowledgable and was detailed about the procedure that was going to take place, easing my fears.  The staff at North Valley Dentistry are beyond friendly and always upbeat! I would recommend Dr. Erica Biggos and the staff at North Valley Dentistry to anyone!
