3	3.5 StarsWhat can you say about Jack In the Box, it's there when you need it fast or at odd hours of the night!  I'm not 100% sure but I don't think these guys ever close, maybe the lobby's for a few hours but the drive-thru's are always open. I have a teenage kid who likes this place and why tell them no!  When I was her age I ate tons of fast food too.  This is the closest Jack to us and has the best customer service which is why we come here.  I will always support an establishment when they treat you right and will go as far as to tell others(another reason I love Yelp) about it to.  This location has a fireplace(fancy huh) and a self serve order kiosk that allows you to get as custom as your heart desires!  I feel that one thing Jack has on the other fast food joints is it's speeds when ordering in the drive-thru.  I won't speak on the food much besides your healthy options are few and the only gluten-free options are their salads or the tasty deep fried tacos.  I guess you can include the fries to the GF list.  To my east coast and Midwest peeps who never experienced a Jack In the Box, it's worth a try once to check off your "life list".  Their tacos are what makes them different from other fast food restaurants.  While not authentic by no means it's one of those right of passage things you have to try.
4	Always getting my greasy taste buds fix here.  I know it is bad, but sometimes I just want a burger and fries and FAST.  Got the ranch homestyle chicken this time.  It was good, fried, and served with ranch.  YUM!
3	This is the fastest Jack In The Box I've ever been to. Every other one has been painfully slow with employees just standing around. This one is fast and everyone keeps busy. This is probably the only Jack In The Box I'd ever go back to. That being said, it's still greasy fast food. This one is clean and fast.
1	The employee used her hand to make my sandwich...she did not wear any gloves...I am are you serious...that is just disgusting....we don't know where your hands have been...very unhygienic...need to educate your employees...they are dumb enough to do that knowing they can be seen from the outside...wow...very disappointed and disgusted...doesn't deserve no stars..
