5	Skin Tight is dope! Steff is awesome and very knowledgeable. She is professional and always has a nice smile and is easy to talk too. Her office is cozy and clean. She will take care of your beauty/skincare/fitness needs. I highly recommend her!
5	Attention anyone who needs a little something to brighten up their skin and face!!! Do I have the person for you!!! Steff is a must see hidden gem in town. I have been using Steff  for years now and am so glad that she went out on her own. She is awesome! I have followed her all over this city just to get one of her amazing, relaxing facials.  Steff does not just do facial and skin care, she also is a personal trainer and does professional makeup. I even recommended her for my friends wedding and she ended up doing almost 10 ladies - all of which were happy. And we all know, it is hard to make any 10 women happy at the same time!Her office is so relaxing and calming. She is also one of the most personable ladies I know. She always makes me feel relaxed and comfortable.If you need a little pick me up, or are deserving of a personal treat make sure to give her a call. You won't be dissapointed!
5	I don't know about you but I am very particular about who touches my face. I had been to a lot of expensive salons to get facials and my brows waxed until I met Steff. I have been going to Steff for almost 5 years now and she is AMAZING! I may go in looking like crap but after Steff works her miracle, I come out looking refreshed. Steff is professional, friendly, and one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She always has a smile on her face and she goes out of her way to make her clients feel welcome. Her studio is cute, clean and cozy.Not only does Steff do facials and waxing, she is also a make up artist and a fitness trainer. What more could you ask for? I would recommend Steff to every one, she is definitely the best!
5	Steff is absolutely amazing!! She's always professional, reliable and personable. She gets the job done well & efficiently. I highly recommend her for all your skin care, waxing, tanning or make up needs.I've been going to her for all my skin care needs for over 12 years. She has helped me get into better shape for my wedding & did a phenomenal job on all my bridesmaids, mothers & my makeup on my wedding day. Shes hard working and very likable, she can chat about anything & make you feel right at ease.Go see Steff today!!
5	Steff is amazing -- she did the entire wedding party makeup and fitness schedule for my daughters wedding in Aug - the photos are amazing - Steff did an outstanding job on EVERYONE. She is great and really knows what she is doing.  This young lady has done an amazing job with proven results starting her own business...Steff is a definite hire if you live in Las Vegas you need to become her client she is amazing and I speak from experience.
5	I can only speak to Steffanie's esthetician skills and her demeanor; not her personal training. I have no doubt, though, that she would be an amazing and inspiring trainer. She has a space in a Studio Salons, and in her little room is where she performs all her services, including spray tans, makeup, waxing, facials, and personal training. I went in for a pumpkin peel. I had never had a facial service of any kind, so I was a little nervous that somebody was going to be touching my face. I decided to throw on an eyebrow wax, my first eyebrow service in over a year after a disastrous threading experience. The pumpkin peel was great--very soothing! She also did great with my brows--I was so scared of getting them done and she didn't do anything that I wouldn't do if I could do it myself! I walked out with my wallet only being $50 lighter-- she was running a special on the pumpkin peel for $35 and a brow wax with any other service is $15. I have already scheduled my second services and I am excited to continue seeing Steffanie for her great work.
5	Many moons ago i went to Steff to get my eyebrows waxed for the first time.  She made me feel comfortable and look good! Quick and worth the money. Ive been a loyal customer ever since. Highly recommend!
5	Where do I start?  Steffanie has been a BLESSING to my life!  As my personal fitness trainer, waxing goddess & the spray tan queen....I couldn't ask for more!!!   Thank you for helping me transform my body, a work still in progress...but I've come a long way!  Thanks for the great tan for me to be able to wear shorts for the first time in years!!!  And the waxing....your the best!   Yvonne
5	Who! Still feeling that GREAT workout on Tuesday!  Looking forward to tomorrow!  Thanks Steffanie for guiding me to getting fit!  Whoop!!!
5	I found Stefanie by fate when I was a walk in at a previous salon where she was working.  I needed someone quick to shape my eyebrows for my wedding and she did a great job.  I continued going to her and followed her to her current location at Studios Salon and now I have my teen age daughter going to her as well.  I have been with her for 7 years now and not only does she do a wonderful job on my waxing needs, she is more reasonably priced than most as well, bonus!  She is fun, personable, professional, reasonable and good at what she does - I cannot recommend a better person for your aesthetic needs!  Natalie White
5	I got married on Sunday, June 23rd and had Steffanie as my makeup artist.  She was AMAZING!!  First of all I got married in Vegas (2,100 mi) away from my home.  Steffanie was highly recommended by my wedding planner at The Venetian.  I set up my contract via email and was extremely pleased at the fast response from her.  It is a little unnerving hiring someone for your wedding day makeup that you have never met, but she was fantastic.  I emailed her pictures of the look I was going for and she emailed back with suggestions!  She showed up on time to my hotel room with all of her professional supplies.  Set up by the window to get the best lighting.  I was the last girl to get makeup done because she spent most time on me, the Bride!!! Everyone's makeup looked fantastic, she really knows how to make your eyes stand out.  Each woman received a set of false lashes (what fun!) and I got to keep the lipstick she used on me so I could re-touch for photos.  Steffanie was professional, and fun!  I recommend her for any bride that wants to look stunning on her wedding day.
5	Stephanie has done more for my skin than any other dermatologist or aesthetician - you can trust her!
5	Steffanie's been my aesthetician for over 5 years and she is awesome!  Her facials are so relaxing and her waxing skills are second to none.  In addition, she is incredibly flexible with her schedule.  I often call her with only a day's notice and she is always very accommodating.  I always feel very appreciated and know that Steffanie gives me the best possible service.  I definitely recommend her!
5	Stephanie is professional and friendly. She does my brows and is always very patient and thorough. Today I had the opportunity for pumpkin peel. ..so worth it! can't wait until next time!
5	I just got waxed...Steffanie is AWESOME...her personality and skills are top notch...she made the experience as painless as it could be, she's very professional and knowledgable on waxing, tanning, working out, and make up to name a few...make your appointment!!!
5	After having 2 kids and not working out for several years, I finally decided it was time to get into shape. I mentioned this to a friend at work and she recommended Steffanie. I've been working out with her guidance for 6 weeks, plus 2 eyebrow waxings and I couldn't be happier. If you are at all hesistant to get a "personal trainer" or go to a big gym, she will quickly make you feel comfortable.  Steffanie is very personable and makes you forget you are working out. Thanks Steffanie!!!!
5	I have been seeing Steff for years and I would trust my waxing to no one else!  She also did my wedding make-up and it was flawless.  Steff is personable, professional, and makes you feel at ease.  I highly recommend her to all of my friends.
5	If you're looking for someone who does an AMAZING job at eyebrow waxing...go to Steffanie! I'm a California native and when I moved to Vegas I was in the hunt for a new esthetician. I was a little nervous on my first appointment; however, her bubbly personality instantly made me feel comfortable and she did such a great job on my eyebrows.  She's soooo sweet, takes her time and really listens to how you want your eyebrows waxed. Trust me, I've been to fancy shmancy salons in San Diego and Palm Springs and I haven't found anyone who does as great of a job as Steffanie. Also, I know there are two dollar signs for her services on yelp but I would say her prices are actually pretty reasonable so don't be discouraged by that. 110% recommend her!
