5	Simply the best health club... maybe in America?  Certainly competes with the best of NYC or LA.  Too pricey for me.  My friend gives me all her guest passes so I can poach the club on occasion.  Tons of great classes, a beautiful space, the most luxurious locker room (more like a spa) that I have ever been in. High tech equipment (the cardio machine have individual little tv screens). Full indoor basketball court.  The club hosts happy hours with free food and discounted wine...  if you take advantage of everything the club has to offer, I think it is well worth the money.  Truly more like a country club for gym people than a gym.
5	Yoga here is rock and roll.  They literally have disco music going and its competitive yoga.  Its actually a nice change of pace from bay area yoga since not every session needs to be a ground breaking journey in self exploration.Basketball here in late afternoon is rough because the sun obliterates my shooting background.  Also, I love playing here because I come so infrequently that no one knows I only have two moves to the basket.I'm not a star chaser but I do see Michael Jordan and Charles Barkeley here regularly.  I have my 91 Olympic Jordans in the car and my AirMax CB's in the car (and a sharpie) but I secretly hope that THEY come up to me and say, "HEY I know you- Don't you eat at PF Changs and shoot that old school runner in the lane?"The staff is great and they take care of me when I visit.  My idea for them is scholarships.  They should hand out passes (for hotties like the ones below who wrote Yelp reviews) to work out free on Friday nights or something.p.s. Check out DC ranch Village up north where they have a yoga room with star in the ceiling
4	I've been  a member at the Village for over a year. I have a 24 Hour membership which I use when I travel to CA or NV, but I go to the Village Camelback or Gainey when I work out in Phoenix. I have the multi-club membership which is beneficial as I live near Camelback Village but work between Gainey and DC Ranch. The good thing about the Village Gainey is that weight room is never busy when I go and I don't think I have ever waited on a machine or seat or weight. Membership is pretty steep which keeps the rif raf out. At Gainey, I feel like working out in my own personal gym. Most of the members here use the basketball court, go to the plethora of classes, or the do cardio. On a Saturday morning, there are usually 2-3 people in the weight room. I will say, now that it is fall, the gym does seem to get a bit more busy with the snowbirds and school in session. I usually do weights, but I did a yoga class and I realize I have no flexibility. the class was fun and I enjoyed it despite my lack of yoga prowess. Gainey offers many classes (yoga, conditioning, spin, pilates, kinesis etc.) and the instructors are real good from what my fiancee says (she's a member as well). The negative thing is that, compared to 24 Hour or LA Fitness, Gainey doesn't have the equipment to compete. They don't have hammer strength equipment or have the volume of weight machines as 24 Hour or LA Fitness do. As far as free weights, Gainey is just fine for me though. Gainey is more of a country club disguised as a gym. It's a place where I see a lot of people meet their friends or network. I have met some cool people here.  They have a happy hour every Thursday for members, which is nice. The spa is real good. I've had a couple massages, which were phenomenal and blow Massage Envy away. I like how they provide towels, razors, shampoo, gel, etc. The bathrooms are nice (but I should say, DC Ranch has the best bathrooms/locker rooms). The clientele is: 1.) corporate/white collar; 2.) divorced moms with mucho plastic surgery looking for their next date; 3.) ASU co-ed w/ membership paid by mom or dad; 4.) Families - as they have a resourceful day care. 5.) Divorced/Single older guys. If you're non-white, you'll stick out like sore thumb.The price is three digits a month, which keeps membership relatively low. If they had more weight machines, I'd give it 5 stars.
4	I just love this place and  I always leave feeling refreshed and relaxed.  Highly recommend any of their spa treatments.
4	I have gone to the spa about 6 times.  The couples massage was alot of fun - did that 3 times.Special VIP double room.  They used to have the pkg with champange, fruit, and use of the dbl room with amazing waterfall shower, but for some reason they stopped all that.  I thought that was what made this special for us, but no longer.Sad.
4	"Don't you worry...I don't do a lot of chest exercises since I have implants"Only in Scottsdale would the fitness instructor respond with that statement after I told her I had to skip all chest exercises because I had stitches. And no, my stitches are not from implants, but from getting a tiny little mole removed. Not nearly as exciting as what they've got going down there in Scottsdale.So yeah, Gabi K was sweet enough to invite workoutaholic me to her gym while I was in town. Apparently Charles Barkley works out here (oooh la la), but he was absent for my visit.  Lots of cardio and weight machines so I made myself at home on the elliptical machine before our hour long weight lifting class.  There is also a nice basketball courts that isn't my cup of tea, but may appeal to some of you sporty yelpers.As for the class...it was just ok.  The instructor talked a bit too much and I didn't feel like I got the best workout, but there's good, bad, and medicore instructors at every gym.  But only the instructors at Scottsdale gyms tell you about their implants right off the bat!
4	After reading Andrea R's review on this Village, I realized that although I switched to this location last October, I hadn't actually reviewed it yet!  The truth of the matter is that I really wanted to go back to the Camelback location when we moved to Old Town.  Jared argued with me that we were equal distance from both Gainey and Camelback and that he preferred Gainey because of their Men's locker room.  I have to pick and choose my arguments with him, so I gave in and decided to give Gainey a shot...Although I'm still probably more of a fan of the Camelback and DC Ranch locations, this one has grown on me a bit... Despite some of the members being on the bitchy side, and the really good spin classes filling up before 6am the day before (that is when they open the list for sign-ups), the equipment is high quality, the locker rooms have all of the same fantastic amenities as the other locations, and the yoga classes rock thanks to a few of my fave local instructors (Harmony, Johanna, Julie, and Sandy).  Jinger teaches an incredible spin class also...If it's good enough for Charles Barkley, it's good enough for me.  At least for now.  Jared is finally admitting that Camelback may be a tad bit closer to us, so we'll see!
5	Just returned home from a great four days in Scottsdale.  During our stay we visited the Gainey Village Health Club and Spa and was very pleased with the service we received.  I had a facial done by Trisha that was wonderful.  She was very gentle and thorough.  I also had a scrub done by Linda.  It was very relaxing - I felt soft from head to toe afterwards.  I highly recommend both ladies.  If you are in the area, done miss out on a little pampering at this spa as well.
2	When I moved to Scottsdale, one of the first things on my list of things that absolutely had to get done quickly was joining a gym. I am a certified yoga instructor & really wanted to make sure I didn't get out of the habit of getting some exercise everyday, even if it wasn't yoga.After being a member for a year, I had to drop my membership like a hot potato. I couldn't stand being there. The first problem I had was with the yoga classes. I wasn't expecting a lot because the classes were at a gym & not at a yoga studio but after trying all the teachers I was getting pissed. Most of the teachers fell into the ok range but there were a couple of teachers who really didn't know what they were doing & were telling the students to do things that were dangerous. I even had one teacher adjust me & when I said that it hurt, he told me that it didn't. I left.So I dumped the yoga classes & figured I would just do the standard cardio workouts & strength training workouts. The strength training area is pretty nice. Generally the equipment was clean & usually it wasn't crowded. There wasn't much space to stretch which bothers me, but most gyms are like that. What killed me was the cardio area. The machines are disgusting. They clean the areas where people sweat but look in a cup holder or between machine parts & there are hairballs & all sorts of crud. The other thing about the cardio area is that it is right next to the basketball court. Basketballs are constantly flying into the cardio area. I was whacked by basketballs at least once a month. Ouch!The other thing that really got to me was that there were kids everywhere. I asked about kids in the gym when I joined & I was told that this was absolutely a facility for adults. There are teens running all over the place completely unsupervised, but the little kids are worse. They shriek & cry & play on the equipment (like running across the treadmills while people are on them). After a while I just never wanted to be there.Save your money- buy your own equipment & stay home.
4	My hubby's been a member of the Gainey Village for over 10 years. As for me, after having memberships at numerous other Valley health clubs (Bally, Mountainside Fitness, Golds, etc.), after much debate, he finally convinced me to join the Village about three years ago because my favorite yoga instructor (Harmony) teaches classes there. Yes, the Village is pricey, but if you're a total gym rat like me, you'll find it worth it. There are always fresh towels, great-smelling lotions and shampoos in the locker rooms, freshly-cut lemons (the Gainey location only), clean equipment, and top-notch fitness instructors for their varied workout classes. I've been working out my entire life, and I've got to say, DMB's three Village locations (D.C. Ranch, Gainey, and Camelback) all rock and have slightly different vibes going on at each. As for Gainey, it doesn't have all the space and lacks the family-oriented pool available at D.C. Ranch Village, and the tennis courts and hip bar at the Camelback Village, but if you're looking to get in a good workout or yoga class, it definitely fits the bill. Yoga is my daily addiction, and you can't go wrong with the yogis teaching there. I also like that the cardio equipment faces the basketball court, so you can catch some b-ball action while working up a sweat. Plus, if you keep your eyes open you might run into Charles Barkley, Steve Nash, or even Josh Halloway from "Lost."Is this a gym for everyone, probably not. You will see a lot of slick, artificially-enhanced women and older guys trying to pick them up (it can be a bit of a meat market, similar to a lot of gyms), but if you like the combination of amenities, which include a lot of special events, trips, and fitness classes, along with regular gym stuff, you'll enjoy Gainey Village.
5	After a long hiatus from yelping here I go for the first time in a long time... Welcome back to yelpdom; I had to express my feelings about the gyms! I joined The Village after two friends recommendations and love all the clubs, especially the Gainey location because of the staff, crowd, cleanliness, lack of children and  quietness. Equipment is clean, new and where else can you get your drink on, lunch, hair and nails done and Botox all in one place on the same visit. Yoga studio is awesome, totally chill with great instrructors and they are adding a Bikram/hot yoga studio space upstairs now which I cannot wait for. Cooking demos and private parties rock. Men's locker couldn't be more meticulous, clean clean clean. Goodbye LA Fitness and Tocasierra at the Hilton Squaw Peak, I'll be spending my three hours a day working out here, TYVM ;) OH! and they sell Men's lululemon athletica in the spa area so I can always find new outfits to buy and wear pre/post workout! The Village clubs rock! Best gyms in Phoenix guaranteed. :]
5	Great health club with all the perks! They really pay attention to serving the members.
3	I joined Gainey Village about 9 months ago and just finally switched to DC Ranch about 2 months ago. The extra drive is well worth my time. The amenities are top notch here, as they should be for a Village Club but I was not a big fan of the set up. I liked to use the running track a lot especially in between sets of lifting but a majority of the yoga attenders think it's the "hang out and shoot the breeze before and after class" track even while I have to side step their conversations for 15+ laps. Another complaint is how snobby and rude the staff are. Majority of the time don't even get acknowledged by the front desk upon check in. Just scan my ID without looking up and it's not like I'm unaware of the fact that I'm in Scottsdale. I decided to drive the extra distance and go to DC Ranch. The staff is so much friendlier as are the members too! Bottom line: Gainey is nice but DC is way better.
4	I wish I had never met Gainey. I wish I had never opened the glass doors and peeked my head in to the treasures that lay inside. I'm ruined for life, no other gym is ever going to compare. Mamma was right when she told me "You get whatchoo pay for" because the membership fees here are outrageous. I think I can justify the cost though... I should spend as much money on keeping myself healthy as I do on keeping myself intoxicated each month. Right?!Alright, cost aside, here is why Gainey rocks the Health Spa -The equipment is fairly new and in great shape - The treadmills have individual Ipod docs and televisions and they actually work. Locker Rooms - WOW! Awesome locker room, well stocked (deodorant, body spay, lotion, shampoo, shaving cream, razors ect) and very clean. There are individual showers and getting ready stations, there is a hot tub, steam room, sauna and an outdoor pool. STEAM ROOM - You can sit in a large clean steam room and spray Eucalyptus.  Breathe in healing scent,  sweat out toxins and impurities, breathe in.....  Classes - Kick boxing, pilates, yoga ect... Although they do seem to fill up rather quickI still haven't bitten the bullet and purchased a membership, but I think I may, it is worth is just for the steam room.
5	I've been a Village member for 4 years. Although it has been criticized for its high membership fees/dues, it is WELL worth the money and I have never thought otherwise. The amenities, equipment, classes, and customer service are all TOP NOTCH (to say the least)!! I really feel like a superstar anytime I visit the club and even just a brief visit can put me in a great mood. I love how this place is more than just a gym- It's a spa. It's a restaurant. It's shopping. Its a great place for networking. Could go on an on about this place.... LOVE LOVE LOVE.
5	Last Sunday I visited the club as a guest of a member.  First of all I would like to say this is the nicest health club I have ever been to in my life.  The facility is immaculate, employees are friendly and helpful, locker room has everything you would ever need and the work out room has top of the line equipment.  If I lived in Scottsdale I would get a membership asap and go there on a daily basis.  I belong to a small club in L.A. and now I feel jaded.
5	Far and away the best place to work out in the Phoenix area.Amazing steam room, full court basketball court with space behind the baskets and a high ceiling, state-of-the-art basketball court, friendly staff, and CLEAN.  Seriously, this is the cleanest gym I have ever been in.Most of their classes are phenomenal, led by great teachers such as Alex Austin, who has a reputation as being the most popular yoga teacher in the valley.And the locker room is huge, spacious, with all the amenities that you can imagine.  Including towel service.  And did I mention that it's CLEAN?Lastly, the gym is built in an interesting way, with a nice cafe in the middle, that leads to a lot of social interaction.  There is a warmer and friendlier environment than in most other gyms I belong to.
5	Amazing place.Friendly staff, so many classes, machines all in working order, something for everyone, beautiful pool, immaculately clean locker rooms with all the amenities you could ever want or need, and the standard tasty Village cafe. I can't think of anything I'd want improved!
1	Gainey has lost its luster.   After many years of membership, I was sorry to see this happen.
5	Amazing staff, friendly people, great facility! What's not too like? Well the only negative about his club is that the swimming lap pool isn't on the same level as the gym. It's small and not always clean, a lot of leave and fogy water on some days.
5	Have you ever said to yourself, "I really need to work out but I hate going to my gym. It's too crowded, I don't like the other people there, the amenities suck, it smells weird" and on...and on...and on? Don't lie, 95% of us have been there and said that.One main reason I love this place: they cap their membership here so they will never be overcrowded, and regardless of the time of day that you come here, it never feels or looks packed. Tons of amenities like new treadmills, bikes, and ellipticals. Free weights and machines are upstairs with a track that wraps around the upper balcony looking down onto the basketball courts. Plus, lots of class options like yoga, spin, pilates, crossfit, and personal training.They keep the place spotless, and the locker rooms are huge. They feature a jacuzzi, sauna, steam room, and towel service. Outside they have a heated lap pool for all the swimmers out there, or for anyone who just wants to lay in the sun and catch some rays. Other benefits include a full service hair salon, massage and spa services, onsite chiropractic, and the Atrium Cafe which serves up some tasty food and smoothies if you need something to boost that blood sugar before or after a gym session. Need I say more? This place is awesome, end of story.
5	I love this place. Simple as that. Very nice spa with an exceptional staff, but the work out facilities are just second to none. I have not tried any of the classes, but I am looking forward to using their child care center for years to come.
4	My husband and I have been members for about a year and although it is expensive it is definitely worth it. Being pregnant I don't go as much as I should but I still use the salon. I go to Kevin who always does a good job.
5	Amazing health club and spa.  Top-of-the-line workout facilities that include basketball courts, a track, racquetball courts, a hot yoga studio, and a cafe. I'm a big fan of the fitness classes - they offer kinesis, yoga, barre, pilates, zumba, spin, cross fit, etc. The locker rooms are always clean, stocked with lotions, shampoos, shaving cream, body spray, etc. and feature a Jacuzzi, sauna, and steam room. They also have a great salon/spa!
2	Rude, snobby and way over priced they run this place like a cruise ship & encourage you to charge away. Not large family friendly and very poorly managed, beware at sign up our understanding was not honored and so we chose to take our business elsewhere.
2	Rude snobby and poorly managed, this place is all about sales. I was treated very poorly here by management, they do not do what they say they are going to do. I have 3 small kids and tried swimming lessons the instructor was terrible and my kids became terrified of water so now we are doing 1:1 privates at a much more kid friendly place. Be careful before shelling out the cash at this very pretentious place.
5	The Village at Gainey Ranch is the best! Great environment, friendly staff, many amenities. I get a great workout in here as well as take advantage of the excellent spa. Snow is my favorite for my manicures and pedicures. As for my hair cuts, Crissy rocks!
2	Visited for the weekend and came for a mani/pedi and then a yoga class - the facilities are beautiful and very "state of the art." Unfortunately, great facilities don't always equal great service. The manicure/pedicure was mediocre, the pedi took place in a private room where the chairs reclined and there was soothing music playing....but the nail tech breezed through the treatment leaving a patchy paint job and dry skin on my toes and heels. For $70 my toes should look like they've been dipped in a friggin mythical fountain of everlasting youth and beauty. The woman who checked us in for our yoga class was rude and when we asked about borrowing mats (we were traveling) she wrinkled her nose and snottily told us that they didn't offer them because "like, if you think about it, you're getting germs on the mat? and it's not very sanitary?" When I asked if they had ever heard of wiping down mats after class she just shrugged her shoulders and said "No, I'm sorry" of course like she wasn't sorry at all. Walk upstairs to the studio to discover that there were plenty of mats available and wipes for said mats.  The class itself was lovely and the instructor was very sweet. We just could have done without the implication that we were disgusting sweat hogs unworthy of borrowing a mat - god forbid at a fitness studio! Bottom line - great facilities, shitty service. Don't get a pedicure. We would have been much better off purchasing our passes through the hotel and avoiding ad much interaction with the staff here as possible.
2	The club is clean and well maintained.  The staff is polite, helpful and knowledgable.  There are a variety of classes offered throughout the day.  These are the hallmarks of a great club and Gainey Village has them.The problem for me is the unventilated fryer/grill snack stand in the middle of the club.  The smell of fryers and griddles is absolutely thick in the air throughout the entire club like a stale Denny's.  This club used to limit its offerings to healthy wraps, smoothies and salads.  No problem - you could take it or leave it.  Bad enough a "health" club serves fried foods, it does so without ventilating the fryer smoke through a proper commercial hood.The heavy, oppressive greasy smell of the place is absolutely off putting and not the setting for a workout that one might want, unless the Village's target audience is now kids who crave greasy fast food.  Unless you get the urge to workout each time you smell fatty smoke, I suggest you consider whether you are willing to adjust your workout schedule to times when the improperly ventilated fried food stand in the middle of the club is closed.
4	I'm a member of the village health club. This place is definitely pricey, but even more worth it. I mostly enjoy the spa.In regards to the spa, I think it's absolutely wonderful. I really enjoy what they have to offer at the spa, a few examples; the Thai massage is to die for, their facials and skin care treatments are the only one that I've ever worked for my skin even up against dermatologist, their hair salon is very nice and they have good hair cutters and stylists on staff , the showers and bathroom facilities are off the hook.Your gym is also a big point to brag about. They have a large amount of machines and weights that are hard to find at other gyms. They also have other studios says as yoga, pilates, zumba, cycling, etc.  I know that the hot yoga is really popular, I used to go but now it doesn't work with my schedule. They do have a very flexible schedule for all of their provided classes that are free and included with membership. However I'm only available late in the night. But I have partaken in yogas as well as zumba. And I give them a thumbs up.Why is this place not getting five stars? It is due to the people who attended this place. However it's something that I should expect and a high and gym in Scottsdale.
