4	This review is actually for the Walmart Neighborhood Market.  Located close to me and cheapest groceries in town. I guess I'm a fan by default.  Couple of things first, a Walmart Neighborhood Market is not something I am use to.  I didn't have this in San Diego and don't see any in California.  I always knew that Walmart Stores had grocery sections, but avoided your regular or supercenters because they're usually busy.  Nice change to have a Walmart "Grocery Only" Store. Now, for this location itself.  Open 24 hours and plenty of parking.  However, it's a an adventure just to park.  The parking lot is hella busy.  You literally have to dodge other cars, shopping carts, and even people. It's a busy crazy little parking lot.  I feel like I'm in a game of Frogger.Now for what this store has in store.  Great prices on groceries, especially with their meats.  Not too many places where you can get a couple of lbs of steak for less than $12.  This place has it.  During peak hours, this place get's busy but there's usually enough cashiers and self check outs opened.  One thing, the customers here are all pleasant.  I don't think there's been one time where an random customer hasn't said "Hello".  Must be my Axe body spray.The bakery and deli is decent, but I try to avoid that stuff.  However, the prices look good and the food looks fresh.  Btw, for all your movie watchers, this place also has Redbox. I don't have too many issues finding what I need.  This grocery store is quick, cheap, and close to home so I will probably be back.  TIP:  Open 24 hours doesn't mean more convenient.  There's less customers during the graveyard hours, but also less employees.  Aisles during the graveyard are usually blocked because they're stocking.  I also find myself waiting longer in line at midnight than I do at 5 PM.
2	I dont mind coming here during the day, but I try to avoid coming here later in the evening. I just always have a bad feeling about this place and the kind of crowd that come around in the evenings. Price-wise, its just like every other walmart.
2	You see I grew up in the hood, this store turns into the hood once the sun goes down- They have great prices and all but the produce and meat selection needs help! This place reeks of Oil fry once you walk through the doors which is a turn off- I like their pharmacy though- that would get a 4 star, and they always have their act together, they take forever to get a script together for you though- hence the four -A quick stop for things I need in a rush but never after the sun goes down-- then it's just a place to stay away from.
3	This review is for the Walmart Neighborhood Market at this location.My parents retired in the area several years ago and this is their go to grocery store. Whenever I'm here to visit my parents, I always make a stop at this location to pick up my food necessities. Ironically, I'm always at this location during the holidays when you can expect it to be really packed and really crazy. However, I never have that experience here. It's clean, well organized and well stocked. The cashiers are friendly, and as expected for most Walmarts, the prices are very reasonable. I would say the only con is not to expect too much from the produce section, but they do have the staples. There's also plenty of parking here. It's definitely a better experience than your typical Walmart!
2	The store has great prices but I find some of the late shift to be unprofessional. When you see Walmart workers smoking outside the door talking about weed,  bi$&%#$ and H@$, it becomes very disturbing. This location is known for attracting the most ghetto people to walk this city and it is very disappointing. I still go here but always stay aware of my surroundings.
1	This Walmart is not clean at all it is so busy and I have NEVER seen more than two lanes open!  Also unless it's mid day the self check outs are either closed or broken and not accepting certain payment types! If I was you I would just drive to the Smith's up the street!
3	This Walmart is a Neighborhood Market Walmart; mainly for groceries, but there's some other regular Walmart items. This is the only one of its kind that I've ever seen or been to, so I'm not sure where else there might be one; here in Nevada or any other state. Same Walmart  prices and open 24hrs. Every female I saw in there was pregnant,so I figured they were all buying things that WIC vouchers included. I guess it really just depends on what you need, but I prefer to go to a regular Walmart.
2	DO NOT SHOP HERE FOR PRODUCE, it's either already gone bad, will go bad very soon, or is just not flavorful to begin with.  The prices are decent but nothing to write home about.  I gave it an additional star because I haven't had problems with the regular food and the store brand bread sticks in the frozen isle are bomb.
2	Omg where do I start. Well their employees just seem so disingenuous & so disinterested in their job. Its ridiculously comical. I only come here because it's less than a mile away from my home however I shouldn't because the customer service is terrible. Marcus the cashier seems like he's the only one appreciative of his job.  Marcus is an exemplary exployee.
1	This place just has the most unprofessional and unsatisfied workers I've ever seen. I live right down the road but I try not to come here cause it's downright sketchy.
