5	Lynne saved us today; our AC unit froze up and needed a freon recharge amid the height of 115 degree summer day heat.  He was here within a half hour--guess I should be glad that Yelp was really the only place I could find him and that I took a chance on one review.  I had been on hold at a couple larger companies who then told me they were all booked for the weekend and couldn't dispatch anyone.  Of course then I remembered there is a reason I try to support small business.  CGAC is a one man operation and the price and service were professional and excellent.  It was pretty memorable when Lynne jokingly responded to my comment that "I'd think they would have more than one AC unit for a two level house" with a "there you go thinking again."  My best to him and his business.  We'll be using him again and passing his info along.
5	As all yelpers do, when I find a business I love, especially a locally owned one, I want to shout it from the rooftops, or in this case, from my nicely air conditioned home.  All thanks to Lynn at Cool Guys A/C.   Lynn Smith, the owner of Cool Guys A/C, is awesome.  Lynn is professional, friendly, and does the job right the 1st time.I met Lynn when I first moved to the valley and haven't used anyone else for my A/C needs, but I would say that he is the best in town.    I urge all yelpers to give Cool Guys a call for your cooling and heating needs.  This man knows his stuff.
5	Very fast.. Called him the night before, and he came the next day.. Also, very reasonably priced..
5	Our heater was making a screaming, obnoxiously loud noise. The first time Lynn came out we could not reproduce the noise so he couldn't figure it out. With increasing sleepness nights I called him again but still couldn't make the noise. But Lynn was nice enough that he didn't charge for the second visit. In my last desperate attempt to try and fix it, he came in the morning and heard the noise that had been keeping my family awake most of the nights. It was the motor which he promptly fixed. He was kind and honest and didn't take our money needlessly as he could have. He initially thought it was the motor but couldn't be sure until he heard the noise so he didn't want to replace it having charged us for the motor without knowing it was the issue for sure. Lynn was absolutely fabulous and I would definitely use him in a split second with any air conditioning/heating issues. Thanks to Lynn, I am looking forward to a good night's sleep!
5	On 10/22/2010, I called Lynn based on Yelp reviews and was not dissappointed. He did exactly what he said he would do, was on  time and the job took all day because he had to replace the air handler up in the attic, which was not an easy task! His price was fair replacing my old Trane unit with a 2.5 ton Rudd.He made sure we had all the necessary paperwork to get a tax credit as well. Best in town!
5	Lynn did a fantastic job. He was very responsive and even looked into some specific things I needed done, at no additional cost. Prices are very competitive. Locally owned. It is reassuring to have found an honest, reliable AC person.
5	I contacted Lynn to look at my A/C because he'd gotten so many good reviews on Yelp. I'm SO glad I did. The week before, I'd called George Brazil, and was told I would need a new A/C, and they also tried to over-sell me on a larger model that I didn't need considering my square footage. So I called Cool Guys. Lynn came over and had it fixed for a couple of hundred dollars. Thank God I didn't go with George Brazil - I would have been out thousands of dollars.
5	If ever there was an opportunity for an A/C guy to recommend a new unit it was this morning.  I called Cool Guys A/C because my 50ish year old unit had stopped blowing cool air and was prepared to be told that the old hunk of metal had finally given up the ghost.  Lynn arrived on time and diagnosed the problem quickly.  He told me that a part had to be replaced (the contactor) and joked that it would only cost a couple million dollars to replace.  He replaced the part, demonstrated how he knew it was broken and charged me a very very reasonable rate.Lynn's number is now saved in my phone as I know the old hunk of metal on my roof isn't done giving me problems.
5	We needed a new A/C unit after the old one was trashed in a hail storm... We contacted Cool Guys based on the reviews we read here on Yelp, and after a consult/estimate/service call with Lynn, we hired him immediately!  He's as friendly as they come, professional, accomodating, and my Dad's name is Lynn, so how could we go wrong?He knows his business, provides great service at a great price, there ain't much more you could want from an A/C guy...
5	His prices can't be beat.  He was punctual and helpful - even when he was on vacation he sent us a quote on TWO systems.  We're very happy with our new A/C.  Highly recommend.
5	Lynn is awesome and has the best prices in town, substantially less than all the big name people around town.  He also came out right away to end our no a/c suffering in 100 degree heat.  Thanks Lynn!
5	Stop reading reviews and just call Lynn!!! We had the hottest upstairs in Arizona! Our old unit kept freezing because it was overworking! Being a cheap person and not wanting to spend the money or have someone come tell me I needed to spend a million $ on a condo I don't intend to live in for very long...I spent hours looking for the right person and called George Brazil (BIG mistake) . .. But I'm so glad I call Cool Guys:DLynn was on time and so nice! He answered the million questions I had and totally understood I didn't want to spend a mint and even said I didn't need to (pretty much unheard of in 2011)So less than 2 hours, $200 and my upstairs a/c unit is working better than it EVER has!!Thank you so much!! When we move Cool Guys is definitely our company now and EVERYONE I know will be calling him!
5	On one of the hottest days in AZ my air conditioning wasn't working as it should.  I jumped on yelp to find someone.  I found Lynn.  I called him and after a phone call back he let me know he was swamped but proceeded to help.  He walked me through the phone on what might be wrong....frozen up due to the high humidity we've been having.  Sure enough....there was the ice.  I turned on the heat to thaw out the pipes, and poured some hot water on and wa-la...problem solved.  He doesn't know me from Adam but helped me.  Wow....you don't get that kind of service nowadays.  He told me that if I still had a problem to call him back and he would try to get out.  I think our really hot temps is creating the unit to overwork.  It froze up again but then I did the same thing and it's fine.  If it continues then there might be a bigger problem but I will surely be calling Lynn back to schedule and appointment.  He was so nice on the phone....just awesome service that was only provided via phone.  I'm sure another service would have come out...turned on the heat, fixed the problem and charged me a fortune.   Don't look any further....just call Cool Guys Air Conditioning and Heating!  I will definitely use them again if I need too.
3	Just like many others, I don't know much about AC, and I had a problem needed someone reliable, so I jumped on Yelp and picked the best of the best. Well, I called Lynn, he appears to be very nice on the phone. But he was all booked up very busy, nothing is available for the next 5 days. :( Its 110 outside, and I need someone here within a day or two at most, not 5 days later. So I have to call other, and got someone else here within an hour and I was happy.
5	Lynn is a rock star!  If I could give 10 stars I would!  We came back in town from a weekend away to find our downstairs at 85 and found him online with rave reviews and decided to give him a call.  It was Monday when I called and he said he didn't have an appointment till Wednesday but he was going to be in my area that night and could probably swing by later in the evening if that was okay.  Even though it was after dark when he got here he was able to diagnose and fix the problem for us.  Neither of us knew anything about A/C but compared to other experiences I felt the charges were more than fair and was very happy to see that there weren't any "after hours" or "emergency" charges tacked on to the bill.  :)Needless to say he lived up to and surpassed all of our expectations.  I am sure that this is the busiest and most hectic time of the year for anyone in that line of work and Lynn showed up after a verrrrry long day with a smile and was even joking around with us.  He is a one man show and you can tell that he cares about his customers and is a straight shooter!  Definitely would recommend him to anyone needing repairs in the East Valley (or anywhere in Phoenix) area!  Top notch!  ______________________Ben,  I do not think that it is fair that you gave a bad/low review based on the fact that he was unavailable to immediately come out.  That is like me getting upset because I walked into the best restaurant in town without a reservation on a Saturday night -- it still is the best restaurant in town even if I decided to pass on eating there because I couldn't get a table right away. Shame on you!
5	I was taking a nap when I heard a -clunkclunkclunkwhirrrr- sound coming out of my AC, and then it started to blow like a hair dryer, during 115 degree heat in an AZ summer. Great.Lynn was the most highly recommended across all websites, I called him, and it felt like a family member had come over and cut me a deal. Super great to work with, such a great price. From breaking to COLD air again was less than 2 hours. THANK YOU LYNN!!!!!!
5	Totally forgot to write a review when I initially got my A/C serviced, so I can't remember any details about the experience, but it was a quick, friendly, and relatively cheap (Especially for the weekend) experience.  Will definitely use this service again if I have future A/C problems.
5	Update:  So my air conditioning did need repair...it just wasn't cooling properly. Come to find out..it was my coil...which was thankfully still under warranty.  Lynne got the replacement coil and came to do the install.  He was at my home from approximately 9:30 a.m to 11:30....fought my ridiculous crawl space, installed the coil, added what needed to be added and wa-la working better than ever.  The kicker....his price was under $300!  I was floored.  He was the nicest person, did great work, and even cleaned up the mess.  I would HIGHly recommend Lynne for any air conditioning work.  I will be calling him in the spring...just to do a quick maintenance check before the hot summer months hit!  THANK YOU LYNNE!  Exceptional service!
5	Lynn deserves more than five stars!!He arrived exactly on time and immediately began to diagnose the problem with the A/C and then the gas heater. In quick time he located the problem with the A/C, replaced a minor part, serviced both units and then went to work on the heater(s), one of which which was not warming the left side of the home. In no time he located a stuck value that controlled the gas flow, adjusted that, serviced both gas units, gave me the bill which I'm sure saved me hundreds of dollars.  He is my go to guy now and forever for any AC or heating problem. Well done, Lynn!!!
5	We needed to purchase a new heating/cooling system. It was a very daunting task. After we contacted Lynn, he was quick to get back with us- gave us straightforward information and was overall fantastic to work with.He was on time, respectful of our property and was willing to answer any and all questions. From initial contact to follow through, everything was great.    I would not hesitate to recommend Cool Guys.
5	Lynn was prompt in returning my call.  He was forthright in telling me that he didn't normally cover my area (Gilbert/Queen Creek area), but referred me to someone he trusted [Visca A/C (http://www.yelp.com/biz/visca-a-c-phoenix)] who was able to take great care of us! He even remembered my name when I called him back later for some professional advise.  Nice honest guy.
5	I have a YMGI mini-split airconditioner that hasn't worked right since we bought it two years ago. I called Lynn after reading all of the reviews on here and thank goodness I did. Lynn scheduled my appointment and got all the model numbers from me so he could do advanced research on the internet on my particular machine. On the day he came to diagnose the problem, he arrived right on time and immediately went to work. Within minutes he found that the coil was leaking and the unit either needed a new coil (which is a very large part) or a completely new unit. With Lynn's assistance I spoke to YMGI tech support and they eventually agreed to send a new coil free of charge even though the unit was out of warranty. Lynn returned the following Saturday to install the part. A few hours later Lynn had the AC working better than the original install. He is honest, he works incredibly hard, and he is very cost efficient. If you need an AC guy, Cool Guys AC should be your only phone call!
5	As mentioned by others, Lynn is awesome!Our electricity costs are through the roof, and we were worried that our air conditioning unit might not be operating correctly.I called Lynn, scheduled an appointment (which was pain-free; he was very accommodating), and he was out to our home quickly.He arrived on time, and was a professional service guy. He spent some time looking at our unit outside, then quite a bit of time up in our attic looking at other components. After his assessment, he went over all of his recommendations and gave us an estimate of a new unit install.Lynn is very knowledgeable, personable, and friendly. Once we decide to invest in a new unit, we will definitely use him. And I highly recommend getting a consult from him if you need anything done.
5	Lynn is the most honest person I ever met among all the big/small companies I have had over the years that came to my house to fix/repair things. We had a big chain company over to do a AC tune up. In the end the guy told me we needed to pay over $1800+tax to clean/replace/fix things here and there. He showed me a picture on his phone of the dirt coil up in the attic. I didn't do it for sure (which I am so glad right now). I did more research on yelp ,BBB and ROC (btw, the information on BBB is not very reliable at all. I have had quite a few bad experiences with the companies that bbb enlisted as A or A+, I will not use BBB as a referral any more) and found Lynn.  from all the 5 star reviews, I had a good feeling. I called him and made an appoitment at 8am. He showed up at 8:03 and even apologized for being late. I would not call that late. :-) He went to the attic to check and told me that the coils were not dirty at all. (The guy from the other company must have  taken that dirty coil picture somewhere else and kept it in his phone to show to people. what a shame!). Lynn also told me there was no need to replace the fan motor and add more freon. He cleaned the outside coils for free and cleared the drain line. In the end I paid 2 hour labor to get my AC fixed. what  a big difference between $1800+tax  and $144. I will highly recommend Lynn to my friends and any people out there with AC issues. It's so hard to find an honest person/company to tell you the truth . I will have him over every year to have my AC tune up done. Hope my review will help someone not being ripped off by those big companies out there.
5	We have owned our home for many years and have always used Company "X"for our A/C and heating needs.  Over the past few years, Company X never seemed to fix our problems on the first visit, always required a "call-back" visit, sent a different guy every time (even on call-backs), and was charging me exhorbitant prices.A recent visit  (and another call-back) with Company X (in a story too long and boring), and I had had enough.  They were telling me ridiculous information, and the price for a part (for something they should have fixed on the FIRST visit)was going to be $350.00 plus labor. (I had already spent over $500.00 amonth earlier.)I decided to get a second opinion.  Because of the YELP reviews, I contactedLynn at Cool Guys.  Lynn did confirm the problem; however, he quotedme $80.00 for the part (a BIG difference) plus labor.  In addition, hesolved our problem on the first visit.  Lynn was able to get out to our house in RECORD time.  He got right to work(no chit-chat while charging for his time).  He was professional, honest,fixed our problem on the first visit, and his prices were VERY reasonable.I was very impressed.Lynn at Cool Guys is now my new A/C guy!
5	Lynn was very helpful. Even tried to help me over the phone first so that there would be no charge for him to come out. In the end he had to come out and add Freon. He seemed very competent and professional when he came.
5	I've used Lynn at Cool Guys when my air conditioning wasn't working and he fixed it way less than any other repair place could ever had for less than the cost. This week my heat wasn't working so my first thought was to call Lynn. He returned my call and set up an appointment. He was here today...arrived 10 minutes before he said he would be here,  he checked things out and discovered my fan motor was kaput. He replaced it and another part. He was here for about 1.5 hours and got everything repaired for next to nothing.He is trustworthy, honest and I will only ever call Cool Guys for any of my air conditioning or heating needs. Thanks Lynn!!!
5	I replaced my thermostat and as a result my heater blew out cold air.  I called Cool Guys thinking it would be costly , but Lynn talked me through it!  Apparently I didn't wire my thermostat correctly.  Lynn offered his help without any expectation and in today's world that is a rare thing.  Please give him a call if you are having trouble!
5	Lynn offered a convenient appointment time, was on time, explained the problem, made the repair quickly, showed me how the thermostat was wired, and didn't charge any extra than the service call. Will definitely use again and recommend.
5	Found this company on Yelp and gave them a shot based on their rating.  I was impressed.  Not only were the able to come quickly, they found the problem and made the repair just as fast.  Pricing was very fair and I will totally use them again.
5	Lynn, you are the BEST!  Let me tell you all about this business, and the owner Lynn.  First off, this man has integrity, honesty, good character, sense of humor, and knows his s;%#!  We had window units in the house forever.  Lynn gave a  competitive price and didn't jack us around on unnecessary items/expenses.  He was patient with my financial situation, did amazing work, was very knowledgable, and just flat out knows what he's doing.  If it weren't for yelp I wouldn't have found him.  My father is a contractor and immediately said, "this is the guy for us, he speaks like a tradesman, and knows what he's doing."  I can't say enough good things about Cool Guys!  If you want a new unit put in, want someone you can trust, this is the guy...period.  Thank you Lynn!  I'm actually cold already in the house, the electric bill is a fraction of what it was, and you did a fantastic job.  Highly Recommended A+++++
5	Honest, Caring and personal ....LYN will always have my buisness....Never have to second guess about the work that needs to be done....GOOD VIBES, THANKS COOL GUYS
5	I was in need of replacing my old AC unit, so I came to yelp to check out company reviews. I'm so glad I chose Cool Guys. Lynn was super helpful, both before and during the installation. He got a quote to me right away. A month later, when I scheduled the service, he was very accommodating with my schedule. He also finished the whole installation in less time than expected (about 2ish hours for a roof-top heat pump). Lynn is also very good at customer service. I asked about a programmable thermostat the day off installation. He didn't have any on him but stopped by a few days later to install one at no extra charge. I really appreciate that level of service.
5	Lynn knows his air conditioning, showed up early, finished early, very reasonable price on A/C replacement. Too bad he couldn't do A/C maint work because he doesn't want to take on too much work and lose his quality control.
5	My a/c unit was blowing hot air and I knew that I had a problem that needed to be fixed immediately!  I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to gives these guys a call.  Im so glad I did...Lou was the Tech who diagnosed and fixed the problem with in 2 hours of arriving at my house.  He went over all parts and components and made me understand all of my options.  Pricing is fair and these guys are in the business for long term!  They are trying to build a solid client base using great customer service.  These guys are locally owned and operated and I recommend this company to everyone.  Great job AC GuysJeff
5	I found these guys using Yelp and loved the 5-star rating.  Could it be true??? Yes it really is worth 5 stars.Lynn came out at my request to double check the work of another company whose techs are commission based and want to put their kids through college on my dime.  Although Lynn knew right away who the other company was based on my description and All Cash Exercised by them, he found the work had been completed as they had described.  Only trick is: that work the other company did was not necessary.   Lynn was on time, professional, and engaging.  He wanted me to know more about AC units than I did before he arrived.  I like that!I have passed his name and number onto family members and recommend Cool Guys to everyone.
5	LYNN IS THE MAN!!  After nearly being defrauded by another company (the tech showed me a photo of rusted out coils that were NOT mine and then scared me into thinking I needed an entirely new system), I called Lynn for a second opinion.  He invited me into my attic to see for myself that my coils were NOT completely rusted out and that, based on the condition of the tape securing the cover of the air handler, the other tech had not even OPENED it!  I explained to Lynn that, because of a current disability, I am not working and needed the least expensive fix for now.  He took the time to find and order a replacement air handler/coils from Goodman - something he didn't think would be available - then replaced ONLY that part of my system (the coils were indeed leaking) that had failed.  The compressor outside still works and, when it eventually dies, Lynn will be able to come out and replace only that and make it compatible with the work he just did.  Bottom line is, my A/C is blowing cold air and I spent far less than I was led to believe was needed.I am thankful for Lynn's great service, his ability to think outside the box, his promptness at each visit, his reasonable prices - but most of all, I appreciate Lynn's INTEGRITY!! Beware the tech who comes down from your attic with a photo on his phone.  In fact, just save yourself the trouble, frustration and money -  CALL LYNN AT COOL GUYS!!
5	I was very impressed with service I was provided. Turned out all I needed to do was balance my house and get a quick AC check up...no problem. Very honest and Very Friendly. Will call again in the future!
5	A/C was blowing hot air and outside smells into the house.  Lynn showed up today and had the problem fixed in an hour. Great service! I will be calling him every year to make sure my A/C is ready for the brutal summer heat!
4	I was having problems with my A/C and I called LYN to see if he can come back and fix it, Came to find out the poor guy had surgery and will be out of commission till January. I had another A/C company come out and I found out that the motor that was installed was the wrong one and that's why its was over heating and the the part that was under warranty was never picked up, instead he installed an extra part he had and it was not what the specs required on the A/C label. So the fan motor was over heating and it was shutting off and making us have to leave our home..I was very upset to hear that after I felt I trusted LYN. I dont know why he did that but he is a nice guy and for that I still give him 2 stars but he should have known better...BOOO Cool GUYS..Come to think of it there was some problems with the fans for my York air conditioner with over heating come to find out so LYN probably didnt know and he was out with surgerey so I couldnt get him back to fix it so I called an old friend instead
5	Tried Cool Guys because of all the great reviews and I was not let down! THey definitely lived up to there reputation. They showed up on time and fixed the problem really fast and for a great price!! I highly recommend them!!!
5	Lynn was flexible, friendly, trustworthy and knowledgeable. He didn't replace any unneeded parts. I would highly recommend him to anyone!
5	I called to have my air conditioning tuned up for the summer and decided to call Cool Guys based on the reviews on Yelp. I'm glad I did - very professional and prompt. I will recommend them to anyone.
5	Lynn, with Cool Guys AC, is great.  My appointment was at 2:30 and he showed up right on time.  He did an inspection on my AC and made sure it runs smoothly in the hot AZ summers.  We have used him in the past and he is honest and doesn't try to fix things that aren't broken.  If something is wrong with your AC, or if you just want to make sure it is running good for the long summers, call Lynn.
5	Lynn was the third person I called, after quotes of 1500 and one nut job who said 5000 Lynn calmly explained the problem and had to replace one part for a nominal fee. He also showed me how to repair the evap cooler and make adjustments. I am see why others rated him so highly. He is great with his customer service and knows his stuff. He will be my first call from now on.
1	Called and left a message with problem and phone number - heater in one of my Phoenix houses was not working.  Also called several times without leaving a message.  He must have more business than he can handle because he was completely unresponsive.
