5	The theater is conveniently located across the parking lot so you could just walk up to it.  It has a stocked bar that serves alcohol.  They have assigned luxury adjustable seats with black leather and table swivel to hold food and a drink.  So far the service has been great.
5	This is going to be THE place to see movies.  The seats are very comfy and there is SOOO much space in between isles that you don't have to get up when someone has to leave for something.  The tables are very nice and it is great to have 2 cup holders per seat.  Also it is nice that the arm rest can come up and 2 can snuggle.
1	Oh my friggin' God! Arrived to the theater at 10:10am movie started at 10:30 did not make it to theater until 10:45! 35 min to get tickets and a soda!! Sooooooo friggin slowwwww!
5	I'm not sure where to start: should I mention the beer, wine and cocktail bar that serves *real* beer (no foamy yellow swill)? The hot food available, the power reclining reserved seating with large swing-away tray and ample cup holders? The restrooms conveniently located at the entrance to the theater so potty trips can take the least amount of time? This place is amazing!!
1	I will start with the good, recliners alcohol & good hot food (burgers....)Other than this being a knockoff attempt at the Galaxy theaters, that is where the good ends. I am surprised at the 5 star ratings here as the consumer is truly getting screwed here. Why? Regal in its infinite wisdom to ensure Red Rock Regal maintains its sweet profit margin is restricting the movies shown at the "nice" luxury theater. Yes, mostly the shows will be Geri-rated. Snore! So if you want to view a blockbuster and also would like to sit it nice reclining seats go to a Galaxy theater where they are trying to screw you over.But the theater is nice.
4	Finally a decent movie theater where we can reserve our seats and enjoy a glass of wine while enjoying our movie on comfy Lazy Boy style seats!  No more arriving an hour before showtime in order to stake out decent seats!  I really don't understand why there are so many reviewers who made it a point to trash this theater.  We should support theaters like this in Vegas because there are seriously not enough of them here.  They have to work on improving some things like faster service and a more extensive menu which is constructive feedback.  But, overall the concept is great and the seats are extremely comfortable.  As is, it is already better than any other theater in Vegas.  When things settle down a bit parking will be a breeze and there will be plenty of restaurants to frequent before or after the movie at Downtown Summerlin.Also, I heard from one of the employees that if the theater does well, they may install buttons in the theater seats to call for service at your seat! Imagine, being able to order a cocktail and have comfort food brought to your seat. Everyone should try this theater and spread the word.
5	I liked the new Downtown Summerlin location. The option to walk around the shops before you go to your movie is made possible by Regal Fives reserved seating.       The dark leather, extra roomy, and reclining seats were absolutely amazing. I appreciated the dark leather color v/s the gaudy red color at other places.   No knee pain during and after a movie is priceless.       Sat in the third row because we got there 20 minutes before the movie started. We were by no means to close to the screen. The picture quality was excellent.  The previews were a little loud but the movie was fine.       A  lot of times when we go to a movie we have a problem deciding where to sit.  If we sit in the middle we have a great view, but it is a major pain to go to the bathroom or get refreshments during the movie. Everyone must stand up or move their bags, feet, etc. This is not only a hassle for us but for  the other patrons. If we sit on the aisle, we do not have quite the same viewing experience, and we stand up every time someone leaves.  At the Regal Five, no matter where you sit there is plenty of aisle room to conveniently move around. Even when the chair is fully reclined.     I enjoyed the ambiance of the lobby. The lobby was smaller then a normal movie theatre lobby. ( We came in the afternoon, so I am not sure if we would have had the same experience at night).   The lobby had a nice atmosphere. There are a couple of places to sit while you wait, and I felt like I was at a restaurant. The bar was separate from the concession stand, which I thought was a nice added touch. It is equipped with an espresso machine and I had an amazing cappuccino. My boyfriend had a coke from the concession stand.  We do not drink so I cannot review the alcohol quality. The concession stand was clean and the floor was clean. A lady ordered a burger and they handed her one of those square vibrating beeper things that light up, so she would know when her food was ready. We will order food next time we go and I will update you on the quality.  We like to eat. However, I am curious if they would bring the food to you.       The movie theatre was clean and the bathrooms were nice and clean as well.  No popcorn thrown everywhere, no food on the floors, and no weird smells.  The bathrooms were conveniently located and extra clean.  I hope they continue to keep this standard.  I was going to give it 4 stars but the cleanliness moved it up.   The only reason for 4 stars would be the movie selection. Do not expect to see a blockbuster here. We will be going to see Nightcrawler Oct. 30.  3:45 showing.  We reserved our seats on fandango and we picked our desired seats.  i found this to be very convenient. We will be ordering food, and I will be updating you on the experience and quality.     Overall, we found the experience to be highly enjoyable!
4	I LOVE this theater! Love the luxury theater concept! I enjoy being able to pick your seats, the option to have a cocktail in the movie, and of course all the classic movie snacks.  The theater is very clean and well kept.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I enjoy that this theater is a smaller venue, makes for a comfortable and personable experience!
3	Ok first the good.Reclining seats.AlcoholBad Assigned seatingWe got our assigned seating and sure enough when we entered the theater there were people in our seats. They said will move if you want but there's a lot of seats open so we just chose seats and sat there.Of course right before the movie started here comes people and we were in their seats!!!!Well ..   They threw a fit.  Embarrassing!!!So I told them somebody was in our seats. They said "it doesn't matter"LOUDLYSo needless to say we had to move.UghhhhhToo much of a hassle!!!!Red rock ..  Here we come!
4	Very enjoyable experience, the seating is awesome and the fact that alcohol is served is brilliant. However the food product (not snacks) is still concession stand quality. We will be back but they need a definite upgrade to push this to the luxury level.
5	First, they serve alcohol, second, the chairs recline electrically. Do I need to say anything else? I am definitely going back.
4	RAISING THE MOVIE THEATER EXPERIENCE UP TO THE GALAXY   Remember the days when the movie theater was an ordinary experience? It seemed that a few years ago the movie theaters were small, it was hard to see in front of you, and the screen was a super-sized version of the flat screen TV. The Regal Downtown Summerlin Stadium 5 raises the movie theater experience to the next galaxy.   My brother and I had been hanging out in downtown Summerlin. The mall will see better days ahead. At the time of our visit, the majority of the restaurants and stores were not in business. After walking around Macy's, Dillards, and Downtown streets, the idea hit me to go to the movies.   As soon as we stepped inside the Downtown Summerlin Stadium 5, we entered the movie theater of the future. The ticket counter barricade is nonexistent. As soon we walked inside I saw a lobby of plush seating and tables surrounded by a bar, concession stand, and a ticket counter. I could just walk off a downtown Summerlin Street to pick up a cocktail and hang out. The truth is that with the scarcity of nightlife and bars in downtown Summerlin at the time of this review, this is a decent spot to drink a Cosmopolitan, Long Island Ice Tea, or cocktail. We weren't here for drinking. We were here to see a movie.   The movie ticketing counter is to the right of the lobby. On our visit their were two lines to purchase tickets for any of the five movies playing. If we were undecided about a movie, there was a sheet explaining what the movies were about. Once we decided, the friendly woman at the counter showed us the monitor displaying the available seats. Just like the Galaxy Theater chain that has revolutionized the Las Vegas movie theater scene, the seats here are assigned. This reminded me of my recent review on the Oriental Theatre in Chicago where you get assigned seats. The adult ticket price on a Sunday afternoon is $13.A bit pricey but you live once. But if we saw the matinee the ticket price would be around $10.  Now my eyes were on the concession stand. I love complimenting my movie experience with crunchy nachos with cheese and a large Coke. The Nathan's hot dog looked kind of good. But not tonight. The Downtown Summerlin Panda Express had filled me up. So, I'd compliment my movie theatre experience with a large Coke that came out to $6.50. The large Coke was refillable. After the movie I'd refill it for the walk back to Red Rock Casino Resort. If I wanted a sugar free Coke I could order Diet Coke or Coke Zero.   To the left of the bar is where you present the ticket to the woman standing there. Beyond the ticket gate was a small corridor attaching the five stadium seating theaters.  The theater brought comfort up to the next galaxy. This was stadium seating on steroids. The space between rows was a mutant space where a professional wrestler could extend his legs out and they'd still be room for a person to walk by. And the seats. When I sat on the leather seat, I felt like I was in a LincolnTown Car. These seats make the typical theatre seats passe The soft to the touch leather seats included drink holders, what looks like arm trays and a button that reclines the seat up so that you are practically lying back watching the movie. The stadium seating alleviated any blind spot if a tall person were to have sat in front of me.   One thing that hasn't changed is the coming attractions. Regardless that the start time of "To Kill the Messenger" was 5:10 pm, the coming attractions ended at 5:27 pm.   The movie screen was Academy Award Winning. The detail of the screen with the surround sound brought me a galaxy away from downtown Summerlin. But when you are relaxed and surrounded by comfort times goes fast.   As I walked toward the streets of Downtown Summerlin, I had a positive feeling  that the movie theater has made a comeback. This is a comeback that I have read about in the reviews for Galaxy Theaters, the innovators of the Las Vegas luxury movie theater scene. It is a comeback that encourages me to comeback to the newest luxury theatres for an Academy Award Winning movie theater experience.
4	So excited to have this new swanky theater so close!! All the seats in the theaters are electronic recliners! Yes, full feet up recliners!! Be careful to not fall asleep like my partner did, because he was so comfortable!In the lobby they have a larger savory food selection, wine and other adult beverage. And if you are bringing it back to your seat, don't worry, there is a lap tray waiting for you! Or you can order from the waitress walking around with her iPad ready to happily take your order!All of this for the same price as any Regal theater!! HELL YES!!And this part is REALLY IMPORTANT...All of the seats are assigned! Do NOT leave to chance getting a good seat, order your tickets online. Otherwise you will be sitting in the front row, and the last seats available, because everyone else in the theater was smart and reserved their seats online!And you asking "OK, clearly he loves this place, why not 5 stars?" - Glad you asked! The savory food, even though a better than normal selection, was still upgraded Movie Food. With little effort, they could have some really tasty food. And I really dislike having to pay online fees, just to get a good seat, which as I stated is the deal here.  Besides those 2 tiny things - AWESOME THEATER!
5	Real love this theater.  Much nicer than the galaxy theaters and not scary like the Cannery. The wine is pricey-$13 for half a very small plastic cup and expect to wait forever to be served. The staff is very friendly.   The bathroom is on the small side. There's usually a line and it's hard to get of the stall or wash your hands while everybody's in line.  Love the design of the theater entry. Wish they showed more movies but overall a great addition to summerlin. So far we've tried the pretzel bites and chicken tenders.  Both are delicious.
5	Loved this theater.  The movie selection is slim, but the quality experience makes up for it.  You get to see how packed it is, and pick your seats when you buy your tickets! Beer and wine with real food. The staff informed me that soon, they will bring food to you in the theater. Will come back again and again. Just hope they have better movies when the blockbusters come out.
5	It's great to have a "luxury" theater so close to home.  Great customer service and nice selection at the bar.   The theater rooms are ample, seats are comfortable and the A/V quality is what you hope for.  This will be my new home for movies.
4	We went to see a movie here last Friday night and overall it was an extremely pleasant experience.  Maybe the best thing that I like about the theater is the fact that it only has five screens and seems to cater to an older crowd (four of the five movies were rated R) and the selection of movies seem to be more of the artistic and independent variety instead of the blockbuster type.  That meant that on a night when the new "Hunger Games" movies was opening, we could go to the show and not have to deal with large, loud, and mostly teenage audiences.  That in and of itself is a huge selling point for me.  It is a luxury theater and all of the seats are recliners and pre-assigned.  The seats themselves are very comfortable with ample room in the aisles provides for a nice viewing experence.  Each recliner comes with a swivel tray for eating at you seat during the movie, which is nice since they have an expanded menu at the snack bar that includes gourmet style burgers.  We shared a hamburger on a pretzel roll with waffle fries, and at $11 may seem a bit pricey, but when I thought this is what we would pay for a burger at a Red Robin it seemed quite reasonalbe (and the quality of the burger was at least on par with Red Robin.)  I also had a good quality IPA draft beer with my burger for $6.50 that was not out of line for what a bar would charge and was only a few cents more than a soft drink.The only drawback that I saw was that the service itself was rather slow, both at the box office and the bar.  I beleive this might have to do with it being newly opened and still working out a better system and getting employees with experience.  The most glaring problem seemed to be at the bar, where it was apparent that the servers were movie theater employees and not actual bartenders.  Tending bar requires a completely different skill set and without bringing in true bar tenders, I don't see this aspect being improved with time alone.All in all, it was a very enjoyable evening and we will most certainly be returning again the next time we go to the theater.
5	I'm a sucker for luxury movie theaters! Since this place is new, every thing was spic and span. It even had my oh-so favorite "new" smell. The customer service was great and everyone was super nice. Food was pricey...but that was no surprise. They sell alcohol at this theater as well. I shared some Chipotle Aioli Shrimp ($8) and I hated them. Yuck! The sauce had a sweet taste to it and I didn't like the batter. The seats were nice and comfy! What I really liked about the seats ( besides the obvious reason of the recliner ) was that the armrest in the middle between the two chairs rises to create a comfy love seat! Not only can you recline.... But you can snuggle too! The screen seemed to be larger than your average movie screen and the HD Quality was so crisp! I think I'm in love with this theater lol. The only downside is that they only show 5 movies in the theater. As long as the movie that I want to see is playing...I'm there!!
3	Now usually I would be giving this a theater a 5 stars but after my recent horrible experience at the concession stand I have to give it a 3 for now. My movie best friend and I were here on a week night, where it wasn't slow but not as busy as the weekend so none of the food was prepped and ready to go. We ordered with what we thought would be enough time to not be late to the movie but wow waiting 20 minutes and missing all of the previews was not what we expected. Thankfully we were not late for the movie because if it had already started I would have returned the food and asked for a full refund. Now here is why this place does not deserve more than 3 stars right now....my friend ordered the SPICY chicken sandwich meal right before me and then I ordered the pretzel bites and the mac & cheese bites for us to share. The mac and cheese bites were ready first (they were delicious I would order these again!) and then 5 minutes later my pretzel bites were finally ready however there was no cheese. Come to find out no one told my cashier that I had to pay extra for cheese so I went back to her and paid for it but then when they handed my friend (standing at the food pick-up) the cheese, the employee stuck her finger in it, (it's just a big cup of nacho cheese) and walked away! Luckily the manager was standing right there so I give it back to him and explain that I'd like a fresh cup of cheese because even if she washed her hands thats just weird. He apologized and gave me a new cup and handed it back without sticking his finger in it thankfully! 5 more minutes go by and FINALLY my friend's sandwich was ready but it was the regular crispy sandwich not Spicy as she had ordered. She said not to worry about it as we were already late for our movie but that was still unacceptable. Now the theaters here are amazing and worth the extra $3. The bathrooms are very small which I understand as there are only 5 theaters in this stadium but when everyone has to pee at the same time and I have to pee DURING my movie it's not convenient and sucks that I had to miss 15 minutes of my movie just because I drank my soda too fast. Other than that I will still return here but seriously watch out when you order from concessions and pee before your movie not after!
5	This place is amazing local beer on 35 digree tap. Was amazing. Seats recline, feet up, just could not ask for anything better.
4	My boyfriend and I have come to this location several times now. The whole appeal of the comfortable chairs is what really brought us here. It is best to buy your tickets online before hand because the seats actually fill up very quickly. I had bought a pair of tickets before I started to shop then a friend wanted to join us, but it was already too late - it was literally a 10 minute difference. They have a normal concession stand where they sell the usual popcorn, nachos, and etcetera. They also have a menu with better food like...I forget but it was alot better. They also had a bar where you can order drinks to take to the theater or they can be delievered to your seat if you just show them your ticket stub. The seats are very comfortable and you can seat two people to a "couch" I suppose. Its very clean. I wouldnt suggest taking off your shoes or anything though since you dont know who else has done the same...GERMS! The only thing that sucks about this theater is that they only have FIVE theaters hence the name stadium 5 I suppose. They only have select movies as well. Like if an Avengers movie were to come out, they most likely wouldnt have it. They have movies here that wouldnt necessarily have hordes of people waiting in line for it. For example, I saw the Stephn Hawkings movie, The Theory of Everything. It was a good movie, bbut not for everyone.All in all, if they have a movie playing that you wanna see, come here and not Red Rock! the luxury seating really does make a difference. It's not even more expensive to do so.
4	I went here for the first time this week to see "Wild."  I really like the theatre.  I had checked online for tickets and saw that there were only a few already reserved.  Since I'm retired, I don't have to plan an evening when it will be crowded.  Instead, I can go during the day almost any day.I got to the theatre about 12:45 PM for a 1 PM showing.  The man at the register showed me the seating chart and explained which color meant the seat was taken.  I chose my seat.  There was no problem.  There were only about 10 people in the theatre.The screen seemed huge to me.  I think I'll sit farther back another time.  The sound was excellent, and of course, the seating is great!  With the button to raise the leg rest and recline your seat, you could be having a great snooze instead of watching a film.I look forward to going back when they have a film I want to see.  It's 3/4 of a mile from my house so there are three Regal cinemas within a mile of where I live.  I have a choice.
5	Wanna feel like a kick ass adult? How about a kick ass adult with a shhh-ton of money? Me too, my friend, me too.Welcome to the classiest, keep-the-kids-at-home theater in Summerlin. Not only do they have a full bar with great beers on tap, they have a wonderful menu of food to go along with the normal movie-fare popcorn. So once you have your delicious tasty beer, you can take your fancy hamburger and snowcaps to sit in your hand-picked seat. A seat that reclines could possibly be the softest thing you may have ever had the pleasure of sitting your sweet derriere on. They also only have a selection of movies above PG13.... insuring that your crowd is quiet, possibly diaper-free(you never know these days) and just as anxious to watch the film as you. If I were you I would check what is currently playing right now and head that way.
5	I gave this two tries and it meets all expectations.  I enjoy the very comfortable, reclining seats with footrests.  Watching a 2 hour plus movie becomes a very good experience (if the movie cooperates).My experience at the box office has been quite good.  I have several passes to Regal cinemas and there's an up charge of $1.50 for coming here.  No question of what I'll do if there's a movie I want to see.  I'll be coming here.I do like the reserved seating option.  I checked on Fandango and I knew where the pre-sale seats were.  This was confirmed at the box office when I picked my seat for today.  I chose the back row, just left of center, and it was great.My 5 star rating will have a + after it in my mind when the kiddies go back to school and their parents stay away from theatres during the day.  I won't have to put up with the parents' texting!
5	Strongly recommend for those needing a more comfortable theater!It was a great holiday experience as I took my retired mother and her sister, both in their 70s.  Neither would normally go to a crowded theater for a 2+ hr movie!But, the recliners made all the difference!  Great idea and for just a couple dollars more, it's well worth it!
1	Went there after reading write ups about being a wining and dinning theater.  This was a big disappointment after going to adult only wine and dine theaters in Washington State.  There, the seats not only recline, but you have a call button for ordering drinks and food which is then served to you.  Food was on a plate and not in wrappers which made a lot of noise.The electric reclining seats were the only thing going for this theater.  I will not be back for drinks and food.  It wasn't worth it.  We made a special trip to this theater, thinking it would be like others we have attended.  I can sit in my own living room and watch a movie in reclining seats.
