5	MELK is a brand spanking new cafe right in the heart of Monkland village. They sell 49th Parallel coffee beans, offer fresh daily homemade scones, and even offer a few gluten-free options for those with wheat sensitivity. They are located right next to the Spice Station and have a small outdoor space set up with a few tables and chairs. The interior is open and easy, very clean with only a few decorative elements.Today I tried the buttermilk blueberry & chocolate; I don't like chocolate, so it is no surprise that although I liked the light and airy texture, I wasn't a fan of the addition of chocolate. They gladly subbed my first choice with an apricot and pistachio scone. This scone was denser and the pistachios really compliment the buttery flavor of this one.My coffee (an allonge) was expertly pulled, and my well versed barista was attentive and helpful, going so far as to pull apart the burr grinder to show me how well it was constructed. PS that conversation wasn't just pulled out of nowhere but was an enthusiastic response to my stating that my burr grinder just died; and no, they don't sell grinders!
5	Please put this at the top of your Monkland, heck all of NDG list. A quiet corner cafe with a sunny patio. A board that lists the daily brews so you can learn a little bit more each time about the dark deliciousness you mainline (or gracefully imbibe, if that's more your style.) Crazy good baked goods (I am not usually much for sweets, but I wanted to take the fresh Melk brownie cookies to bed with me.) Bags of 49th Parallel for sale. Beautiful, restful, work-friendly interior design. And most importantly: a dear and dedicated couple of owners, laughingly, passionately working their asses off to bring something acres better than Starbucks and Second Cup to the West. Wishing them huge success!
5	Great lemonade!
5	MELK - old Flemish word for milk, used in the Dutch language.This place brings a small part of Vancouver to me, selling beans from my favourite roasters, 49th parallel.They make some of the best espresso drinks in Montreal and you can see they are serious about coffee...because even when business is slow (which is rare) they're still expertly practicing their craft for that perfect pull.Some of the baked goods are created in store, such as the rhubarb square. I recently tried the smore's doughnut, and wow...delish.If you are dairy sensitive, they also can substitute cow milk for almond milk.Try their cortado....absolutely brilliant made with almond milk!
4	A great new coffee shop in the NDG. The owner and staff are very friendly and I would highly recommend checking this place out.
5	These people are devoted to making you the best coffee you have ever had every time. They are truly passionate and it is delightful to watch them at their craft.
5	Stopped by MELK one morning on the way to visit my friend in NDG thanks to a saved bookmark on my Yelp app!MELK is a tiny, easy to miss, hobbit-like hole in a wall on Monkland that greets it's patrons warmly and graciously for their caffeine needs. I confidently ordered a cappuccino and received mine by the barista quickly. I truly felt like home here and would have loved to sit in and enjoy my order but time was short in supply... until I was about to pay and the lovely young lady was pulling out fresh raspberry muffins out of their oven and the smell took over all logical explanation and I asked if I could be seated instead.The barista's cappuccino was really good and the muffin hit the spot. All in all, for a few mere bucks, my day started great thanks to MELK, Bar A Cafe!Will come again!!!
5	I live in the Monkland Village which, although is practical for me, is not exactly the most interesting neighbourhood in Montreal. This being said, MELK makes this neck of the woods 20% better to live in. True story.The coffee (I almost always order the drip which believe it or not is fantastic) is so friggin' good that I can't make it on my own at home anymore. I literally gave up my $30/week fashion magazine habit for this coffee. It's THAT GOOD.Oh yeah and they have the best scones in the entire universe. i used to hate scones and now I'm addicted to them and eat one about 4 times a week. Try the cranberry and dark chocolate one. It's AMAZING.And finally the people who own it are cool and nice and unpretentious and love coffee. And they also like Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash and Vivaldi so the vibe in there is good.DO IT!
4	Location: Smack in the heart of Monkland village, right next to The Spice Station, The place: It's tiny but oh so cozy. Airy and bright, with a handful of seats, the vibe is super casual and comfortable. I can definitely see myself getting work done here. Judging by the volume of traffic that I saw going in and out of this place, I'm guessing it's a hit with the locals. And for good reason - it's the best coffee shop on Monkland and a fantastic change from the generic Starsucks and Second Cup.Service: Awesome. I went in to pick up some beans - these guys are one of the few coffee houses in Montreal that carry 49th Parallel (one of my favs). I don't think I was in there 5 minutes before someone came over to see me. The clerk was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the different types of roasts they had in stock. With her input, I selected my beans and asked her to grind them for me. Quick and simple. Coffee: Excellent Macchiato - on par with Olimpico.Price: Totally fair. The Macchiato was about $2 and the beans were $17 - slightly less than what they sell for at Myriade.
4	One of the few high end coffee shops in Montreal along with Myriad, ArtJava and Tunnel espresso bar. The quality of their lattes is pretty consistent though it tastes better on the days they use Epic beans. Not being able to choose the bean for your latte (except for decaf) is about the only downside here
5	This place is super cute and awesome. At first I thought it was a pretentious, Williamsburg inspired pop up coffee shop but it actually rules. The coffee is great and not over priced, the baristas are all adorable and incredibly nice and easy to talk to, and all of their desserts and snacks are really tasty. The scones are super good and the donuts from trou-de-beigne are such a great, unique addition to an NDG cafe. Most importantly-the coffee is really good.
4	The coffee is great but it can be a little hotter. I got 2 vanilla lattes and it cost close to $10! Expensive for coffees but it's a treat and worth a try if you're sick of the regular coffee houses.
5	THE coffee shop in sucky full of franchises monkland village! you don't need to go anywhere else even if there's no places to sit. do like some, takeout and stand in the storefront terrace or sit on the stairs if weather permits.place is indeed easy to miss so look for the interesting giant wall art. you won't miss it.the baked goods are made in house (which gives the place a lovely aroma) except the donuts which comes from trou de beigne. its great donuts.really great coffee with beautiful latte art. great ambiance (very good musical taste), always buzzing no matter the time of day and day of the week.during summer, they have homemade lemonade which is pretty good and refreshing.its full of charm, its small, cozy and people are nice and very friendly.
3	This cafe likely has such a high rating because it is one of its kind for the area. However, if you've been to many independent coffee shops in Montreal, MELK is pretty average. You'll get a good cup of coffee but there's no reason to go out of your way for a second.
5	Great place in a neighborhood that can use some more coffee shops. Coffee here is made with great roasters like parallel and detour. As a true nyc coffee snob i approve of this place, prices are avg and staff very friendly. Finally i can get good coffee without heading downtown or to plateau.
