2	When the painter we hired left us high and dry the morning he was supposed to start the job, Mike at Trustworthy Painting stepped in and offered to do the job for the same price (1 star for that).  It was the week of Thanksgiving. We had the interior of our house painted (including ceilings, but not closets). Mike is very nice and friendly and was where he was supposed to be when he was supposed to be there. However, even with him helping us out in our time of need I can't give more than 1 star for the quality of work. So Trustworthy Painting gets 2 stars overall.We purchased our own paint - not the brand Mike would have recommended - but he wasn't the painter we originally hired. He knew what kind of paint we had before he wrote the estimate.  Very few wall/ceiling lines are straight, the doors and frames all look like they need another coat of paint, the bottoms of the majority of the doors aren't painted, some portions of the walls/ceiling aren't even painted. Many places where the wall and ceiling meet look like they were only painted once as you can see the original paint color underneath.  We did a final walk through with him and he fixed the things we noticed at the time (there was a good hour of touchups), but it was 6pm at night and we knew we were missing things. Mike told us to call him with a list of things that needed to be fixed/touched up. We waited until after the holidays (January) to call (we were out of town for a couple of weeks) and now there is a 2 month wait to "possibly" get the mistakes fixed. And he won't even set a specific date - he just says he'll get back to me in March to "possibly schedule a date". When we pressed him he said "I did leave you all of your paint for touch ups. 45 days after completion date is past the normal 30 days time period." If he had told us we only had 30 days (he definitely never did) to get back to him for touch ups we wouldn't have been so considerate of the holidays and would have immediately contacted him. Leaving paint for touch-ups isn't so I can fix all his mistakes, it's in case I need to patch something up in the future.So how it stands now - We told Trustworthy Painting we would be posting our honest review in order to entice them to come fix the mistakes.  Instead of setting a date the response was "Sorry".  I guess I better borrow a ladder - It's March 18th and we haven't heard a word...Mike only started Trustworthy Painting in 2013. I should have known better than hiring him since there weren't reviews posted online yet.
5	We hired Mike to paint the exterior of our current home that we were remodeling. I work in homebuilding and had several contacts that I met with prior to being referred to Trustworthy Painting. Mike far exceeded all of our expectations. We had the house done during the monsoon season, and there was some rainy weather. Mike stopped by a few days after the job was finished and noticed that the rain had caused the garage door to bubble. He fixed it right away and came back out an additional time to make sure it kept. Our house is gorgeous and several of our neighbors have popped by to find out who did the work. We're always quick to pass along his info, becuase we know the quality is excellent and his pricing is great too. We're not quite done with our remodel, so we'll be looking forward to working w/ Trustworthy again in the future.
5	We hired mike to paint our salon and he did an amazing job.  We told him the color scheme we were looking for and he showed us some samples of colors that were perfect for us.  He did a wonderful job couldn't be happier. He also painted my friends exterior of her house and did an excellent job there as well.
