5	After calling out a few different companies to give us a quote, we were sold when Chris came out from AZ Luxury Lawns and Greens. To be honest, the other guys were a tad less expensive, but the QUALITY of turf that Chris brought out was light years beyond the smaller companies' turf. I trusted Chris would do it right, and it was worth spending a little more money to have a better product and know that it was done correctly. Now that it is in, I am extremely satisfied with the workmanship, customer service, feel of the lawn (It looks and feels amazing - my dog LOVES it), and I will absolutely, enthusiastically recommend AZ Luxury Lawns and Greens to my friends and family.
5	I am very pleased with the job AZ Luxury Lawns did for me.  The sales rep, Kyle was a pleasure to deal with throughout the whole process.  When he came out to give me an estimate there was no sign of the high pressure sales pitch I had anticipated.  He simply educated me on their product and the quality of service his company would provide.  He steered away from bad mouthing other companies (which is always a turn off) and even conceded there were a few others out there that were also doing good work and using material similar in quality to theirs.  He showed me how to identify an inferior product should I continue to shop around so I could make a fair comparison.  He also offered to take me to see a lawn they had recently installed and when I saw it I was sold instantly.  If you're looking up companies on Yelp you're probably just as picky as I am, I can assure that you won't be sorry if you choose AZ Luxury Lawns.
5	I am very pleased with the job AZ Luxury Lawns did for me what a professional team. The sales rep, Jake was a pleasure to deal with throughout the whole process and Jake was there every step of the way including the installation.. When Jake came out to give me an estimate there was no sign of the high pressure sales pitch I had anticipated. He simply educated me on their product and the quality of service his company would provide. He steered away from bad mouthing other companies (which shows a true salesman). If you're looking for a great company look no further, I can assure that you won't be sorry if you choose AZ Luxury Lawns Take the time to get your three quotes and asked for customer references they have them.
5	From my initial contact with this company they were so responsive and answered all of my questions. Kyle came out and gave an estimate, of course I wanted to check pricing at other places and everything was right around the same price, I found some that would have saved me $100 but it wasn't worth it, because they couldn't even tell me where they get their grass from. So needless to say we loved the service and our grass looks great! This is a company that will be around for a long time because they treat their customers great! I never once felt that my job was too small for them, it was a wonderful experience and just to think I never have to cut grass ever again is all worth it!
5	I have had my ~600sqft of lawn and putting green in for about a week, and I can't stop going outside to play!Kyle was easy to work with on the sales side, and was on-site to ensure the process went smoothly and that the green would come out as expected on install day. I found the prices to be very fair and the quality is really top notch.The install crew was full of experienced craftsmen who took their work very seriously, even for a small job like mine. The time and effort they exerted makes me happy I chose Luxury Lawns for my installer. In fact I have already made a referral for a close friend who loved it when he saw it over the weekend.
5	Our grass looks amazing!  Jake was a great guy to work with, not pushy and very knowledgable!  We put in over 7,000 square feet of grass in our backyard and it look great!
5	I met with 3-4 firms, shared with each that I wanted grass that would withstand a dog who will potty on it, kick like crazy...but most of all be cushioned because it would be used as a play and practice area for backyard dog agility.  Therefore it needed to be as cool as possible and be cushioned to lessen joint impact while jumping, running and sudden stops.  I did not want the grass to smell terrible or use black rubber tire as cushion infill. With every firm -except AZ Luxury Lawns - I was the one doing all of the studying of the best possibilities of infill materials, various grasses and the various grass manufacturers.  With the exception of  AZ Luxury Lawns, all wanted to sell me their traditional process rather than a solution to my problem.  I had to study hard in order to be smart enough to ask the right questions.  This was both frustrating and tiring.  AZ Luxury Lawns' Kyle came with grass samples that were specific to my needs.  He did not bring me their most popular best seller.  He brought grass samples that would provide cushioning yet allow "grip" for quick turns without negatively impacting dog or human joints. This company listened to me. The price was better than I ever expected.Between Kyle and Chris, the infill combination for cushioning, bacteria prevention and temperature "coolness" was recommended without using black rubber or copper slag - the traditional infills. Chris made several calls to manufacturers and his distributors.  He recommended the infill.  In other words, AZ Luxury Lawns worked with me and brought a solution to what turned out to be rather technical decisions...not just a pretty color of grass. The grass was installed right on schedule.  The installation was quick yet thorough.  The place was left spotless with beautiful grass.  The installers had the thrill of watching my dog race around his new back yard upon completion. I could not be more pleased.  This company was referred to me and I shall also refer this company to my dog agility sport friends.
5	Great people to work with, the third and largest project I have given them. Recommend them highly. Ask for Kyle.
5	From start to finish the experience with Chris and his team was exceptional. Apart from the fact that my garden looks incredible I am still blown away by the exceptional standard of customer service. I feel confident that the work is of the highest standard and that they 100% stand behind their quality and standards which is so important to know as a customer. I would have no hesitation in recommending them and plan on referring some business when I get the opportunity as a personal thank you.
5	They did a great job, the guy that came out was very nice and knew his stuff. We love the work they did, and have recommended them several times.
5	Couldn't be happier!  These guys were fully professional from start to finish. I got a high-quality product for a really decent price. They brought in a whole crew for the install and really took pride in their work.  My installation was in the backyard around the pool area and they even took measures to ensure none of the excess grass pieces drifted into the pool!  Perfect!  If/when I have another property in need of artificial grass, I will be giving them a call.  Thanks, Jake!
5	Arizona Luxury Lawns recently did our turf installation in our front and back yard and did a great job. Jake was great to work with - very responsive, informative, helpful and communicated with us throughout the process. We were impressed with the quality of turf that we got for the money and they worked with us on the price since we were able to pay in cash which is a huge bonus. I would not hesitate to recommend Arizona Luxury Lawns to anyone. You will not be disappointed!
