5	Bar none the best.  Our event was so much fun. We got an enhanced package with lights, dancers, an MC and a DJ. Rick was fantastic and the dancers and MC made our party. Our friends and family danced the night away.  I've been to smaller events where Rick was the DJ and that party was a total blast too. These guys rock!
5	I have had the pleasure of attending parties that were produced by Living Energy, and the events were AMAZING. Living Energy lives up to their name. They keep the energy level high and make sure all of the guests are involved and having a great time. I was impressed the first time I saw what they could do. I even spoke to some of their staff afterwards and they were very friendly and answered any questions I had about their services. On a side note: I recognized the email address left by the one person that left a negative review on here, and as a vendor myself I looked it up in my email archive. Turns out it was the same person  who contacted me to work her event, and long story short this person was impossible to work with (nut-case). So much so, I finally ended up refusing to work her event. She has no business leaving negative a review of a businesses when she is the clearly the problem. Definitely check out what Living Energy has to offer, you'll be glad you did.
5	My team and I were extremely analytical in our search for an event production company to handle our large corporate gala. After reviewing all the proposals Living Energy kept making the top of the list. Once we decided to move forward with Living Energy we knew our event was in good hands. During the event pre production process they helped us nail down every detail and avoid many pitfalls we could not foresee. The event turned out first class and the guests are still expressing their love for our gala! Thank you Living Energy for everything your team did to make our celebration amazing and we couldn't be happier we picked you as our vendor. All the best!
5	I really enjoyed working with Living Energy. Their professionalism and attention to detail during my event was beyond amazing! The team at Living Energy worked seamlessly together to make sure our event was awesome! I would highly recommend this team for any event. A huge thank you for a job well done!
5	If you see my tip, it says "seems a but pricey".  But to be honest, worth every penny.  They did a fantastic job for my sons Bar Mitzvah. The dj was great. The Emcee crushed it and kept everyone dancing all night. Never a full moment. Never had to wonder when the party was going to die down.  Was executed with perfection. Thank you for a great time.
