3	Smart? Hmmm...maybe. Final? Well, they have a return policy, so not so sure on that. Enjoyable? Pretty much. I'm not a big warehousey shoppy kinda guy. Just like I don't like the HUGE grocery stores and dare I say, frankly, these super monster mega Target stores are little daunting to me. And Costco? Never been? I don't need 48 hot dogs. Nor do I need a gallon of Hidden Valley Ranch. So S & F, has a smaller, more navigatable space. Very organized with prices highly visible. I usually go here for restaurant supplies which are EXPENSIVE. Really...a plastic silverware tray has to cost $32? But they cleaning supplies and paper products are relatively cheap and come in "semi" bulk, so it's not too much. Staff is helpful and knowledgeable, something you don't get at most other stores. And once in a blue moon, they have cool stuff, like hand made wooden bowls marked down from $50 to $12....and it's huge. Sometimes I just sit in it and eat a weenie smothered in ranch dressing! And that's my final answer.
5	Great place to have in the neighborhood.  Very friendly staff.  Very convenient.  If I don't want to drive to Costco, I'll go here.  This store has great meat deals.  The cleaning products are also exceptional.  This store occasionally has good prices on beer as well.
3	Went shopping here today...not quite Costco or Sam's Club and neither are the prices but some of the items are worth while...my apartment is not big enough for me to buy large quantities of things in bulk so overall, when I can shop here and find something it is cool.This is a good place I think for the small mom and pop places that have a higher markup than the corporate giants...overall 3 stars..maybe 3 and 1/2 on a good day.
4	Why hadn't I thought of Smart & Final before when we've hosted parties?They sell in quantities large enough to handle a good sized crowd without going overboard.The layout is simple and clean. It was organized the day I went in, and the staff are quite pleasant. I'll have to keep this place in mind for our next party and Thanksgiving, and New Years. And Valentine's Day. Oh, and don't forget about Earth Day!
3	Rough to get in and out of. Almost impossible to make a left hand turn on to Indian School.The store is a bit cramped and not easy to maneuver with a full store of people.,Good prices. I was able to get full size candy bars for the trick-o-treaters without breaking the bank (and no, I did not go on Halloween, I went earlier in the week).
