5	Stopped by to get groceries at Lee Lee market and saw this place.  Realizing I needed a haircut, I decided to give this place a try.  Wow, no appointment needed! The stylist was friendly and I was able to get in and out very quickly.  I have to say I am pretty satisfied with the results and it didn't cause a big dent in the wallet.  Will definitely be back.
4	I'm yelping for my mom who recieved a haircut at this place. My mom has nothing but praise for the place. The place is very clean with a very affluent atmosphere. She was helped promptly and the stylist was open to my mom's suggestions and was able to help her with what her vision was. I would definately suggest this place to other people.
5	I just got my hair cut here and LOVE IT. My brother comes here and recommended that I try this place out. He said they know how to cut Asian hair, and that is so true. The guy who cut my hair (not sure what his name is) was funny and patient. There was somewhat of a language barrier when it came to casual chatting, but he understood everything that had to do with my hair. Will definitely come here again.
5	Went there today for the first time for color and cut.  Fabulous place and my hair stylist Christian understood exactly what I wanted with my asian hair and I love it! The cut was fabulous.   Great communication and prices.  I would definitely keep going back and would recommend it to my friends and family.  I was definitely not disappointed.  Thank you, Christian, for the great job you did on my hair.
5	I took my bf that was visiting from SF to get his haircut with Christine two weeks ago. I live in phoenix, but I was determined to find a Viet hair salon because the american places are overpriced and usually are bad at cutting Asian hair. We did a walk in and waited about 5 minutes. Christine was attentive and always asked him how he would like his hair cut before she went at. The staff here is friendly and the ambiance is great. They even take credit card here and are open late!Today I went for a haircut myself. I am from orange county and NEVER cut my hair elsewhere but i needed a trim so i came back here. It was a walk in and I only waited 10 mins. I had Christine cut my hair and explained to her exactly how I wanted it. She had me go shampoo and condition my hair and blow dried it. She put the Chi products on my hair before blowing and cutting it. The cut was only 25 and I also had my brow waxed for 10. This is not orange county Cheap but its the cheapest you can get in the valley without compromising quality. Overall a great experience at a local Viet salon. I would highly recommend it!
1	I went here for a perm recently bc of all the great reviews. I brought in a picture and the stylist said she could achieve the results using a spiral perm. I later found out from another more high end salon I normally go to that these results can only be done with a curling iron. I also was told on the phone they could do a single process color in one visit and when I arrived they said I had to come back in one week. Anyway, the perm completely damaged my hair bc they processed for an hour, instead of the usual 5-20 min processing time. I found this out after having to go to another salon to fix the results and get the Demi color done. The curl that I achieved looked nothing liked the picture and the stylist acted the everything was perfect and quickly rushed me out of the salon. I am going back to speak with the manager to tell them about the damage they did to the front of my hair. They obviously did not have the expertise to achieve the results I wanted or to recognize that the picture I brought in was not a spiral perm. The stylist also did not even know what rods to use and had to keep asking other stylists. I should have left at this point but I didn't want to be rude. My mistake in trusting them with my hair.
5	I found this place from yelp and decided to give it a try.This place is very clean and well decorated.  My hair came out great! I love it so much. I had stylist Holly cut my hair. She is very professional and friendly. I would highly recommend this place, especially Holly. The price is so affordable too. I will probably come back for my next cut :)
5	While I'm a white boy I always look for a good Viet Salon to have my haircut. The best ones offer real hair styles for the price of a simple cut. After a long search I finally found Kinh Do Hair Design.Kinh Do is located on the north side strip of the Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket, which is a destnation in itself. While it's a 20 minute drive from my house, its well worth the trip.Men's haircut are only $15 ... and yes ... you get style for free!Christine never fails to impress me with her hair styling and cheerful personality. At first I insisted on all scissor cut ... but now I just let her freestyle. One time she performed the entire hair cut with just a razor blade, O.K. now she's just showing off!  (She could probably cut hair with fingernail cutters and still look great.)Bottom line is I'm "always" happy with the results.Thanks Christine ... you rock!!!
5	I always go back for Asian haircut style :)
4	Im asian and I rarely get haircuts (once a year) because typically at a asian salon they just do whatever they want instead of listening to what I want. Well I had a bob hairstyle that was growing out and seriously needed some help. Saw the reviews and decided eh why not... maybe this asian place will be different, and it was! Holly gave me a trim and from past experiences I felt the need to reiterate that I only wanted a trim as in don't change the length, don't cut more than an inch off, don't give me bangs I didn't ask for. Holly was very nice and easy to talk to. It was a good price for a trim and I was very happy. If I need a major haircut, I'd probably go back here :)
2	Where's Tabitha when you need her?!?This place needs a makeover....Nobody said hello to my wife...Then a lady said "Did you sign in?" after we sat down....we watched her curl her hair for 10 minutes while the other stylist played on her phone with her bare feet up on the station counter....when done curling lady #1 said come over....She asked my wife what style she wanted and 60 seconds later was cutting hair!!She didn't ask if she wanted wash/blow dry....Awful 1st impression!
5	Had a haircut by Christine. Like the haircut a lot. Great place and great price. Fast service. Will repeat
5	Christine did a great job and for the price it was even better! If you want a good modern cut go to her. She took her time and you can tell she has mastered how to cut mens hair.
5	Christine is as good as it gets with Asian hair.  Sure, the salon could use some beautification but I'm willing to make the sacrifice for an exceptional haircut at a very reasonable price. I've paid much for mediocre cuts where layers are always uneven from one angle or another.  Christine is meticulous with layers and she know's her hair.  $25 gets you a shampoo, cut, and style.  My layers have lasted 6+ months and still been great!***Update:  7/14/14Christine is no longer with Kinh Do Hair Design.  She is now at a salon in Mekong Plaza called "Hung's Hair Design."  She works from Thursday through Monday....I think
4	Came over on a weekday and the service was a breeze! Had a hot oil, shampoo, haircut and styling all in an hour.
3	I called in to see if I could get a same-day appt, and Holly told me it was okay to show up. I told her I wanted a trim and to keep my layers the same, so she skipped the shampoo and started working on my trim. She was really nice and we had a good convo, but I was disappointed that she charged me $30 for just a trim! She seemed a little rushed too because walk-in customers started showing up and she was the only one there. I like the work she did, but I really did not think it was worth $30.
5	Christine is hilarious and understands hair so well she educated me about why and what she was doing so I too understood the dynamics of my own hair and the styles I wanted. But honestly she is so friendly and funny, she kept me laughing the entire time. She also took her time with styling my hair despite it was after hours. Cut and style for $35 and I had super ultra long hair down to my hips.
5	I have been getting my hair cut from Holly for years now and she does a great job every time. I live in North Scottsdale and the drive is definitely worth it. Highly recommend!
5	Great place for kids, women, and men!  All the stylist do a great job.  Good prices, too!
5	Christine is legit. I have only gotten hair cuts here, no color, and both times, I left with a grin on my face. Christine listens to my request and performs beyond my expectations. I have mid back long, layered hair. She cuts it dry, and does not leave my ends looking blunt like some other places. She adds more volume and bounce to my lifeless, thin hair at the cost of $25, which is really cheap for my length. I was expecting to pay at least $35.
3	Every time I'm grocery shopping at Lee Lee's I always pass by this shop. I booked an appt with Christine based on the yelp reviews. When I arrived I showed her a picture of what I wanted a long medium length bob with layers and thinned out so I could curl and wear an ombre look. Christine however was excited about her ideas and didn't really listen or hear wt I had to say. Even though I kept saying I just wanted side bangs she kept going on about her ideas for full front bangs. She did take her time to layer my hair. She was very patient layering and snipping away. The end result of my hair was okay more of a razored bob... But what I wanted was longer length bob that I could wear ombre with. Now I'm stuck with this style that she was insisting on. Although the cut was only $25 I guess you get what you pay for. Asian lady who won't listen to your style needs with scissors... :X Needless to say I won't be back.
4	I was afraid it would be tough to find a good salon after moving from LA, but they know exactly what they're doing here with asian hair. The wait is usually longer than other places, but that's because they really spend time personalizing each cut. Call ahead to make an appointment, they'll honor it instead of taking other walk-ins. Best part is Men's cut remains $12. Christine is a rock star
4	Great place where the whole brood can have a nice haircut! They know what to do with Asian hair.
4	Went here today after checking out yelp recommendation for an asian place to cut hair. I had my hair cut yesterday from one of those generic cost-cutter places and had a blah hair cut. So off I went to had it redone this time hoping to have my hair cut with a stylish "shape". Anyway, Phillip did my cut and I was happy with it. I wanted a layered cut and was happy with it. I will recommend Phillip and will be back to ask him again should I need another cut. I think with my new cut my hair when it grows would look better.
4	Does anyone know where Christine went? Or have her contact number? please let me know thanks!update: found her, if you are looking for Christine pm me.
5	I were struggling finding someone who knows what  to do with my hair until I met Holly at Kinh Do hair design. She knows Asian hair and has no problem working with that. Last week I needed to be in a friend's wedding, and Holly helped my hair cut, colored and styled, in and out within 1.5 hours. She did an amazing job and I got so many compliments with my hair. Highly recommended !
4	I was in desperate need of a cut as my hair has a pixie cut that should stay short. I found this salon and Holly. I was nervous as I have been going to the same place for almost 15 years, but sadly they were booked out. So I bit the bullet and tried a new location. Holly did a great job on my hair and it is super cute. The prices were very reasonable and the staff were uber friendly. The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because the salon it self was somewhat messy with chair taped together to hide holes and such. I am looking forward to future trims!!! Thanks.
