4	Quaker Steak & Lube is one of the few places in Charlotte where you can try a variety of sauces for your chicken wings/fingers.  I've even tried their Atomic hot sauce, their hottest.  The menu says you have to sign a release form to eat it, but I never had to.  Ha ha.  Pulled one over on them!  It is extremely hot, though, and kind of ruins any flavor as it burns layers of your tongue off.  I tend to stick to one of the sauces that are a couple of notches down from Atomic.  The boneless wings are great with fries or atop a salad.  I have yet to really try anything else because if I'm going to Quaker Steak & Lube, it's usually cuz I'm craving chicken with hot sauce, but they also have sandwiches, burgers, and steaks.  As for the atmosphere, it's a sports bar.  And if you want to be REALLY specific, it's a NASCAR bar.  If you love racing and NASCAR, Quaker Steak is THE place for you.  It's even located down the street from the speedway.  Sit back and bask, my friend.  Even though I'm not a fan of car racing, I enjoy going to Quaker Steak for the food and lively atmosphere.  And I can always count it being cleaner than some sports bars I've been to.
3	First off, the name kind of creeps me out.  I just don't think the word "lube" belongs in a restaurant name, yaknow?  Still, I knew the hubby would enjoy some hot wings, and I had heard theirs were good.I have never intentionally ordered wings ( I have always looked at them like, "What's the point?") until I visited this restaurant recently.  I really liked the fact that dh and I could split a larger order of wings, and each get different flavors.  DH got his in a much spicier sauce.  I got mine with a rub.  We each liked them, but since they were served in the same basket, I ended up losing a bunch of my wings due to the spicy sauce being all over them.  That kind of bugged me.  I hadn't thought to specify that the 2 flavors be separated, particularly since I had told the waitress that I couldn't do spicy.My husband and I shared the wings, and a bbq ranch salad.  The salad was good, but at my limit of spicyness, which really surprised me.  If spice is an issue for you (I wish it weren't for me) then you need to ask lots of questions at this restaurant, I guess.Be prepared to be completely engulfed in NASCAR paraphernalia.  I'm not talking about a TGIF's level of wall-flair.  This is a LOT of stuff.  We were seated at a table right next to a full-sized racecar on a lift.  There was a table underneath it, although I'm not sure if I would have been comfortable eating there.  I'm from earthquake country, after all, and it was looming above.DH enjoyed his beer and wings, and I'm quite sure that they do a ridiculous amount of business during the races.
1	This place is the most unsanitary, unprofessional establishment in Concord. Most of the food is prepacked. The wings ARE frozen and NOT fresh like they advertise. The carrots and celery are cut and handled by the employees who NEVER wash their hands. DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET SICK WHILE SPENDING YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY TO PAY FOR IT!!!!!!
3	Nothing overly special, but the food is decent. I've had better wings elsewhere, but then I'm not a fan of the super-hot stuff: and that seems to be the specialty here. They have wings so hot you have to sign a waiver to eat them. My husband enjoys that sort of thing, so that's why we've come to this place a few times.If you aren't in it for the hot wings, chances are you won't be terribly thrilled by this place either. The flavors I've tried have been mediocre, but they prepare them well and the sides/soups are good. Plus there's plenty of interesting stuff to look at if you're a racing fan.
2	We were there on a very slow Sunday evening, while the server was pretty good, it took forever to get our food.  The people at the bar were happy, and served drinks very quickly, but we did not get our food for almost a half hour (it was just wings and french frys.)
3	Like the concept, but the service left me wanting a bit.  Went here for lunch the other day - it was actually one of my co-worker's birthday so we all went as a group... there was six of us.  We got there around 11:45 and it was not busy at all... we got seated promptly and then ordered.... our waitress was pretty friendly and even made some jokes.  We were all in good spirits, until it started taking a long time for our food to arrive.  The dining room started filling up slowly... but I didn't think it was overly busy.  One of the guys at our table checked with the waitress and she went back and checked on our food.  It still took a while after that for the food to actually arrive.And they also got one of the orders wrong (switched with another table).  My co-worker thought it was his order... so he started eating it.... then we found out later that he wasn't crazy (as much as he usually is) and that he was eating the wrong thing.  They still let him have his original order, but that meant that someone else in the dining room was going to have to wait that much longer to get their food.I had ordered the All You Can Eat wings (since it was Tuesday)... but I didn't get to take full advantage since the service was so slow.  It was for the best, but still I felt a little disappointed I didn't get to stuff my face with as many wings as I could.Our food came around 12:30ish... so I thought that was a bit excessive.  I don't know if they had problems in the kitchen... but when a manager brings out your food - that may be saying something.  She looked a little lost as well.I'll definitely come here again, but I am just a little weary....
3	Certainly a visual feast for any auto enthusiast on the walls, ceilings, etc. An Indy race car is suspended from the ceiling, a 1970's era Mercury muscle car & a Chevy Corvette are perched above the seating area.  Lots of license plates, NASCAR hoods, and even the side of the #18 M&M's Sprint cup car.I ordered the steak & magna fries.  I liked their choice of spices for the steak, and the magna fries (melted cheese & bacon) were an ample serving.  Order was brought to the table in a timely manner.I have one thing that bothered me though.  The wait staff was generally overweight, unkempt hair, and not the type of persons I would expect to see in a chain restaurant.  The female that brought the meal to my table had facial piercings and an armful of tattoos.  This probably would not have concerned me as much had I gone to the Harley-themed bar across the highway, but I simply didn't think they were projecting a good impression of this business.
4	I get that some (I look at you, Laura!) may have issues with "lube" in the restaurant name.  Really, I do.  But frankly, I kinda dig it.  Unfortunately - or fortunately, perhaps - the only lube here is the drinking kind, and for that, the results are really atypical.  You can order beer, and being just down the road from the Speedway, you might want to do so.Even better, they have a full bar, and if you are not quite sure what you want, and get the right server/bartender, you can ask them for help and they can actually do a reasonable job at making something to meet your needs.  Or so I am told.  A couple of people in our group took advantage and were quite pleased.The mixology actually extends to the kitchen as well.  If you find that you may not be able to decide on one of the dozen or so wing sauces (somewhat similar to the selection at BW3), they will mix and match.  Or even create a new concoction, which could even find its way onto the menu one day.  Nice touch.As to the food itself?  The wings are fairly average, but the personal service pushed them over the top.  The best thing I had here was actually the pretzel appetizer.  I could have eaten them all night long.  In fact, I want to go get some now and stick my face in a vat of the beer cheese dip.
4	I enjoy coming here.  It is easy to find right off interstate 85.  The wings and onion rings are fantastic. My favorite thing is the Tuesday all you can eat chicken. boneless wings, traditional does not matter! Bring your appetite and don't fill up on the fries!  Enjoy
3	The wings were okay. The server was okay. The TVs were okay. The tea was okay. It's okay.
4	I'm a regular. The place is great for friends and family. Great selection in wing sauces. The service is awesome. Bike night is amusing and great wing specials through out the week. 32oz beers for $4 dollars. 100 OZ of beer for $9.99! Great outdoor area.
2	It must have been an off night, but my wings were horrible.  We ordered several different flavors and they were all bland and greasy.  The temperature at the place must have been over 80' and the decor looked worn down like our waitress.
3	BBQ ribs: A+Mild WIngs: C-Takeout service at the bar: OK, just took about 5 min for someone to notice I was standing there. Once they got my order in the food came out quickly.
3	Good restaurant if you are into bikes and badasses. They can be creeps though. I like the food here. Wings are good, not great. But the environment is an experience. All other food is basically what you would normally expect.
5	Love their fried pickles, they are my fav. Customer Service is great there too!
1	I won't say Quaker Steak & Lube GAVE the BF food poisoning. That would go against the scientist I was trained to be. What I will say is that there is a correlation between us eating dinner there Thursday night and the BF having food poisoning Friday morning. Correlation doesn't equal causation, but it does equal us not going back.Possible illness aside, the sauce was very vinegary, the boneless wings were disturbingly dense, & about half of the regular wings had broken bones. Also, apparently Thursday night is karaoke night, which means pleas from the "DJ" every 15-20 minutes for people to sign up or request that he sing something.I like hot wings way more than the next person, but I think I'll be getting them elsewhere from now on.
2	I used to frequent the location on Park Road before it closed. They had an awesome wing buffet and I could never understand why they closed. They were always busy and the wings on the buffet were always great. You probably had a dozen or more choices. Homemade potato chips were the bomb. Sigh.We went to the Concord Mills location and were a bit disappointed. No buffet, at least on the weekend. We decided to split a bucket of wings instead. We got 1/2 parmesan peppercorn and the other ranch. The ranch was "ok" but the parmesan peppercorn.....gross. It tasted like the equivalent of an everything bagel but in a bad way. I swear they dipped them in every sauce they had outside of their heated sauces. Slimey, nasty, disgusting, vomitous...what other adjectives am I missing? What was good out of our meal were the homemade chips and beer-cheese dip. Oh, the celery and ranch dip, too. Can't mess that up, can you? I think I realize that I prefer QS&L's "dry rub" wings, which was what I would mostly get at their old location. I understand a location in Pineville just opened up, so I might give them a try since I have yet to find a perfect wing place. There are a couple on my radar and I hope they're worthwhile.( I have yet to find a replacement for the old Wing Ranch that used to be on Park Road.)This particular location just seems half-@$$ed put together inside. I felt like I was in a NASCAR fan's man-cave. The projection TV seemed too dated. The bar looked like somebody's dad built it as a favor. The booths were old and sticky. I can't really put my finger on why it all seemed so bad.Your pal,Walter
2	I've been hear many times and wings are not bad.  The Buckeye BBQ sauce has a good kick and is very flavorful.  We attempted to visit the other night and were told there would be a short wait.  She didn't take our name so we just stood by the server stand.  A party of five came in behind us and were seated immediately in a booth.  I thought, "OK, maybe they're saving the booths for larger parties and maybe they're just cleaning a table for us".  Next another party of two came in and were seated in the booth right next to the party of 5.  I just looked at the hostess and told her to forget it and walked out.
5	I always have a great time there. The food is good, and fresh. I don't generally eat wings, but I will eat the breaded boneless ones and the sauces are good. I enjoy the Louisiana Lickers flavor, but I usually get a salad or a wrap. I come with friends and they always get the regular bone-in wings. They have specials all the time and great bar service.
1	This may be one of the worst restaurants in the Concord area.   While the sign says that they have the "Worlds Best Wings", we found the wings to be tough and fatty with little meat.  The $4.00 per glass of lemondaid was flat.  While the pulled pork Bar B Q was average, the home chips came out soggy and loaded with cooking oil.  The service was poor as we had to ask for dinnerware three times.  Our drinks were empty most of the time during the dining experience.  I would pass on this one...
5	The wings are fantastic! The best wing sauces I tried ever! The service at the bar is great and very friendly and they haveSome good drink specials during the week! I come here very often!
5	Very good service and food!!!
1	Small, overcooked boneless wings that looked more like chicken mcnuggets (though the sauce was tasty enough). Pretty decent philly steak sandwich. Overpriced kids' meals with very small portions. Inattentive service (had to ask for more ranch, then for more ketchup, then for the check). This was our first visit, and it will also be our last.
4	I need to get out to this place more often. I'm a big fan of decent wings, and they really do have some of the better wings around. Good salads. Haven't tried their burgers, but I've heard good things. Their wing challenge is pretty intense. I've been successful and had my name placed on the wall. It is quite the accomplishment.The first time you get out here, you'll find their decor impressive. It definitely attracts people. The service is ok, I've had better. Fairly on the slower side. Prices are a little higher for the type of food, but like I said, it's fairly quality and you get a decent amount for the money.
1	I got the boneless wings which were obviously frozen.  Freaking Terrible!
5	We had a discount for this place from our hotel and it was within walking distance. The food was good. Great drinks. My favorite part was the oversized beer pong outside. A great time overall!
3	Food is great.  Wings and fried pickles are my favorites.  The pickles are spears which is a rare take on the app.  The only issue is that the place has an odd smell, I think it has to do with the carpet.  It needs to be steamed clean or replaced with wood floors.  Hopefully someone will read this and take note.  I am a big fan of Quaker Steak and Lube and will go regardless, but it may turn others off.
1	Greasy, I didn't like any of the food.
5	Went here for the 1st time on Tuesday and it was great! Awesome beer specials and service was great. And it was all you can eat wing night. Will def be back!
1	The food has gone downhill. I used to love to eat the breaded boneless wings here. They were different than every other place I had tried them. The breading used to stay crisp even when covered with sauce. Not anymore. The breading just got soggy and fell off the chicken.My husband ordered his steak rare, but it came out raw. You could still see pink on the "cooked" portion. His shrimp did not have any sauce on it, despite the fact that sauce was mentioned in the menu. His baked potato looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for hours.We brought all of this to the manager's attention, and the only thing he did was bring out another steak. He did not rectify the issue with the shrimp or the baked potato. We hoped that maybe we would be comped a portion of the meal since so much was wrong, but no. We paid full price.We used to drive down to Concord especially to eat here, but we have both decided that we will never eat here again.
2	This place has gone downhill since opening. The menu has changed for the worse and the quality of the food can be questionable certain days.
2	A long time ago, I visited this same chain restaurant up in PA. It was fun, fast and wings are great.This restaurant , despite having the same name does not produce the same effect. I think the employees can try a little harder and inject some  energy into the place. Look over at Twin Peaks.. its bright, cheery, energetic..
1	Not a fan, not terrible, but not great either. Service here is mixed and food is average. Good for novelty, but little else.
4	Big fan of the Q. Love the wings and onion rings plus they always seem to have decent specials. If you're a bar food aficionado, Quaker Steak is your place.
2	I've been to this Quaker a few times. Every time I've been disappointed with the food and service. I brought a girl with me who just happened to like avocado an unusual amount. She ordered a sandwich with avocado, turns out they were out of avocado and didn't tell anyone. I had to ask. To be a little more on the shallow side, the beer specials weren't that great and the wait staff could have been more attractive. Definitely never going back especially with the Carolina Ale house right down the road.
1	My husband & I were in search of a place with a patio to have a beer & Sunday lunch, so as we were heading to Concord thought we would try Quaker steak out since I had never tried it before.It was a gorgeous sunny day & they did not have the chairs or tables set & ready to accommodate outside guests. Once we sat down the server who was nice but very young, inexperienced & didn't have a clue what the specials of the day were came to greet us. He quickly informed us that most of  their beer taps were not in service & the beer menu had not been updated in quite some time since only about 4 out of 10 were available. After three times of him in & out of checking what they had we finally got our 2 draft miller lites (meh).The food arrived pretty fast, I ordered the chicken finger basket (thinking this would be the safest option after the issues that we already had). They had a ton of breading on them & weren't my favorite. My husband ordered the mild buffalo wings & I had to try one....I am glad I did because they were actually really tasty!All in all I will not be coming back anytime soon- for $40 (with two beers each & tip) we could go somewhere MUCH nicer with better quality food & atmosphere.
2	I would normally give this restaurant 4-stars but the service that me and my friend reviewed was not the greatest. She was just chit chatting for about 10 minutes with a coworker while we were waiting for our checks. The wings were very good though.
4	Good wings and friendly staff. Got the bucket of 25 wing and 5 flavors. I enjoyed the medium wings the best. The Louisiana lockers were nice too.
3	Dusted Chipolte BBQ wings were incredible.......service terrible unfortunately. One bartender and it was slammed. Felt bad for him but lacked any personality
1	Pretzels are good, food is ok service is slow. They don't carry all the wines on the menu because they can't find them in the state of NC
5	Wife and I went here today and had the chicken tenders and they are delicious tender and juicy very good. We also took the triple atomic wing challenge boy they are good. sweet with a ton of kick the challenge was to eat six of these seriously HOT wings so we did and it was fun. The staff were absolutely amazing cheering us on while Jeff the manager timed us two minutes up wings were finished let the pain begin do not attempt unless you like pain lol. Seriously though this was entirely enjoyable definitely five stars will absolutely do it again.
3	As a resident of Concord since before the arrival of Concord Mills, and back when Nascar's biggest trophy was sponsored by a cigarette company, I've been exposed to all kinds of new places to eat.  I'll admit, as a culinary student, I also have fairly high expectations.  There's nothing really wrong here, it just doesn't really carry that wow factor that even some of the other area chains have.  I truly wish I could give have stars because 60% seems cruel but I can't bring myself to give it 80% either. My major issue with today's visit is that my friend that I am with today has to eat gluten free due to a severe autoimmune disorder. Although they have a gluten free menu (we checked before we arrived), it is almost a year out of date.  Allergy menus are required to be updated monthly, and this one in particular (at least the one in the restaurant) expired in October of 2013.  This, although seemingly innocent, is a severe health code violation.  Other than that, the food and service was about as good as you can expect from a corporate chain. Thanks for reading! New adventures to come.
4	Always enjoy this place.  Great to relax watch the game, and cool off when it's 100 out.  Try the tower of onion rings.
1	Service was very slow and they weren't busy at all. After receiving food it looked like it was sitting under a hot lamp for 10 minutes.  Waitress was friendly but I waited awhile for refills and a checkup. I now understand why I am seeing some of these places go out of business
3	Looks like this location closed for good as well. Seems lots of these are going under. Admittedly it was a bit of a dive unlike other locations. So maybe they have been hemorrhaging money for some time. Still did the Triple Atomic and lived
