4	Hey,In case you don't know it . this Smith's just open a gas station (Flamingo & sandhill) out front,If you have a smiths savings card. you can use it at the pump and save money. Like 30 cents a gallon, no limit like Rebel buy as much gas as you want.
4	Like many Smith's this is an upbeat and clean supermarket with a vast selection. This supermarket has been here for ages, and it does not show it. Overall it is a nice shopping experience.
3	This is your average grocery store. It's pretty easy to navigate. The people there are nice, and you can get in and out pretty quickly.In the words of the great Gump, "That's all I've got to say about that."
1	Went today for just a cake mix. I hate walmart as much as the next guy but crap their prices at smith are HIGH! Will definitely not be back!
4	This is my 4th Smiths in 7 years. If you read that a certain way you might think the first 3 were bad, but actually all 4 are awesome, I've just moved 3 times and had to find a new one to shop at each time. This is the latest and it is the oldest of the four I think, but still kept clean and organized.So, why smiths?  Well for one thing it consistently has the lowest prices in town on just about everything and with some of the amazing sales they have each week it's pretty much a no brainer.  I shop the sales and save money with smiths. At least once a month they have a sale that involves buying 5 or 10 items from a group and saving additional money which is something other stores have tried to do but just failed in comparison. For example, Albertsons had the buy 10 and save 5 dollar sale the week after Smiths' ended and they had Vitamin water for 1.25 each or 75 cents after the 10 items are bought. Smiths had them 99 cents or 49 cents after you buy 10. That means you can buy a case of Vitamin water for under 12 dollars, and anyone reading this who drinks it will know just how cheap that is.  Also Albertsons is just overpriced on many things in comparison, even their sale prices. I regularly see Fritos chips at Smiths for 1.67 a bag, and a few days ago I was at Albertsons (I like their chicken wings) and they had the same bags on "EXTREME" deal 3 for 7. That's 2.34 a bag, and apparently an "extreme" deal. Plus you had to buy 3 bags, where at smiths I can just buy one without getting charged extra. That brings me to Vons.  As a vendor, I'll admit Vons have the absolute cleanest stores in town, but I guess that translates into higher prices because they are up there. I'd be willing to put money on 90% of their items being considerably higher then smiths on a regular basis. Also alot of their sales are, not scams, but I don't know what to call it. Their tags for example on their deli sandwiches say in big bold numbers, 2.49. Under that in small black lettering it says "Must buy two or more". Otherwise you refer to the little black price to the left (3.49). I normally don't eat 2 sandwiches for lunch, maybe alot of people do, I dunno. But unlike me, most people aren't going to take the time to discern all the signs to figure out what your going to pay.  It's not just sandwiches either, ALOT  of their sale items are this exact same way, if you want a sale price you gotta buy more then you want/need. Why not walmart? They are supposedly cheaper then anywhere right? Well thats technically not true.  Many items at smiths are cheaper then wal mart on a regular basis and their sale items are almost guaranteed to be cheaper. You can definitely save money by shopping smart at smiths then just buying everything at wal mart.  I honestly try to avoid wal mart because I don't like it's business practices, they ways it lets them offer cheaper prices on a regular basis. I was in the back one time and one of their employees was drinking an energy drink and was throwing it out in the recieving area. One of the managers back their told them to put in the vendors area to get credit for a damaged can. Anything that is found opened and taken/eaten/drank, or damaged is just placed in a vendor section for credit (because pepsi is responsible if a wal mart customer steals a bottle of pepsi while t
5	The gas station located at this Smith's store location is the best and the most affordable in my area! The nice thing is the location you can shop at Smith's then cross the parking and be at the Smith's gas station! My fav for affordable gas!
4	Great place to get good meat. Shop sales and get a great dinner for everyone!
4	Convenient, great produce, great service!  You can shop for groceries, run in the dollar store if you need to and also get gas....very convenient.Their cranberry delight in the deli is SUPERB!
4	Produce today was very good, easy in easy out.
5	I love to grocery shop and this Smith's is the best!! - I've been going here for years and its nice that the same people still work here.  I travel out of my way to shop here, but its worth it. Their store is so clean and the prices are great.
4	Easy breezy, great people that works here, & a convenient place to shop for groceries!The store is always clean & find good deals.  Gotta love those 10/$10 on vitamin water!
4	There are a lot of options in this neighborhood for grocery shopping, but the Smith's on Flamingo and Sandhill is nearly always my choice.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and they keep the place clean and tidy.  The store is situated in such a way that it is easy to navigate.  They have a great variety of food choices, and i rarely ever have to go somewhere else to find what I'm looking for.   Their deli is great with a lot of fresh, high-quality meats, and a good selection of pre-made stuff if you are looking for something to toss in the microwave for lunch while you are unpacking the groceries.  Their bakery is good, and offers some really tasty treats.  (I highly recommend their fresh made cheesy bagels.  We use them as hamburger buns, and they are amazing.)  Their meat counter is better than most any other supermarket in town, both in quality and in price.  You'll get better meats from an honest to god butcher shop like Village Meats or the Butcher Block, but for a grocery store, the Smith's butcher is top notch.Their produce is better than average.  Again, you'll get better produce at Whole Foods, or from Bountiful Baskets, but for the price, I am usually pleased with their selection.Unless you count Walmart, these guys have some of the best prices in town, and if you watch for the sales, you can get some really great deals here.  (They almost always have a 10/$10 mix and match deal on a bunch of random stuff around the store)   Also, with one of their preferred savings cards, you can get discounts on gas at Shell stations all over town, or from the gas station that is in their parking lot.  Basically, you can do better  if you are willing to run all over town and hit Whole Foods for produce, the Butcher Block for meat, Freeds bakery for your baked goods, Seafood Market for your seafood, and Walmart for your canned goods - or you can skip the hassle, get all your food in one stop, and accept the 4 star value of this Smiths location.My ONLY bitch about this place is that they don't staff the checkout lines after 8:00pm.  If you shop at night to avoid the Vegas heat like I do, NOTHING is more frustrating than filling a cart with $250 worth of groceries, and being forced to check out yourself in one of the BS self check lanes.
4	This is my review of the smith's food and drug center on feast flamingo road just like the smiths on Tropicana rd probably a couple blocks away the people here are friendly and helpful the customer service is top notch and I always tend to find what I need at this location can't really complain probably my favorite grocery store to shop whenever I don't feel like going to the other smiths location.
4	Mostly use this store for a beer run. Heck at least I am honest. Self check out is always a pain in the butt in this store, so I try to find a cashier, and just wait it out. The store is pretty clean and the people that work here seem to be pretty positive and upbeat, friendly and a bit chatty.This store has a pretty good size Gluten Free isle, it is pricey, but it is gluten free. I do on occasion get a box of bread mix here, or GF pretzels..Yummz
4	I went to this store not expecting much because I know it is owned by Kroger which is associated w. Food 4 less n Ralph's which are very dirty stores. I usually only shop at like fresh n easy or trader joes but I've been trying to cut my grocery bill down. So I decided to go to Smiths n check it out. I was surprised. It was fairly clean n they had a pretty decent health food section for reasonable prices. Idk if all of them are like this but I would shop here again.
4	Been here a few times now with Angela and I like this place a lot. It's got a great selection of foods though honestly, I usually do the mix and match 6 pack beer when I go with her. Beer selection is solid. Nothing incredibly exotic but for mix and match I'm always happy leaving with my beer selection.
4	I shop at Smiths from time to time when I need some items Spouts doesn't have. I also like the fact they also have Boars Head meat in their deli, a brand I rely on on each visit. The store is always busy and properly stocked. Plenty of staff to assist with any questions you have and check out is properly staffed to avoid long wait times.
4	This is one of my favorite stores to shop at after I go to the gym.  I will admit sometimes the prices of the food here is kind of high but the convenience of the store located right next to where I'm leaving from is a determining factor of why I stop here so frequently.  Mainly I just get my load of sugar free drinks or something low carb.  Get in get out is my kind of grocery shopping.  The store at this time is very empty so it's pretty much clear sailing.  Checking out is pretty quick as well.  On the way out they have 2 redbox terminals and I'll stop and rent movies depending on what's new.  One convenient plus about this store is you can pay your utilities when they are open.  Check it out.
