1	Awful service! Awful, awful, awful! I recently relocated and needed to have a prescription transferred over to a different state. Through my numerous attempts to contact my Dr. at this office, it took five days to get this prescription transferred and all they had to do was sign and fax! Not too difficult, right?! On top of that running out of my prescription and having to wait a week, I was hung up on three times and had to deal with extremely rude and short-tempered receptionists when they actually answered the phone. Yuck! I would never recommend this practice to anyone.
1	I love my doctor but, I hate waiting every time I come here n today I'm getting my blood test done which I can't make an appointment for n couldn't eat anything before I came in they r making me wait because it's her lunch time...really!!!
1	Let me start by saying that I absolutly love Dr. Gempis!  The horrible thing is that I won't be able to see her again because of the incompetent staff that runs the office.  I understand that Dr appointments will run over but I waited an hour and a half while  they tried to shuffle me around in waiting rooms.  At no time was there any communication about the wait until the very end when I asked if I was next.  When I tried to bring the problem up with the receptionist she said "Its not my responsibility."  I was so frustrated and angry that I asked, and recieved, a refund of my co pay and left without seeing a very good Doctor.  I hope Dr Gempis changes practices or gets a new staff so I can benifit from her medical expertise.
1	Oh, man, this place is just the worst!  Here's a rundown of why it sucks so very much:1.  You will wait at least 3 hours for your appointment time.  Scheduled for 1:00 p.m.?  Yeah, good luck with that.  You won't see anyone until 4;2.  You want to make an appointment?  Good luck with that, too.  They apparently do not have call waiting. So, you'll just have to keep calling, like you're trying to win a radio contest in 1997.  Except, here, you will win only pain.3.  The staff are not friendly.  They openly refer to the waiting rooms as "holding cells."  Screw youuuuuuuu; and4.  The waiting room smells like urine.  Like, really strongly.The only redeeming quality is that you'll get to watch a ton of trashy daytime t.v.  Maury forever.
1	Dr. Gempis  was a good Dr. and this place used to be busy because of her now it is so empty. They have a new Dr. Julio he is HORRIBLE. All I wanted was the same perscriptions Dr. Gempis used to write. He gave us such a hard time. He wrote the perscriptions wrong twice. There was a problem when I was trying to get mine filled at a store. The store had to fax the office and he never got back to them. So I wasted my $70+ dollars on a Dr visit and time for NOTHING. I have no job and had to pay out of my own pocket. What ever you do don't go to Dr. Julio.
1	I've been going to this practice for a couple years now and it progressively gets worst.I went in to get some blood work done, when it was time to return for my results they told me the canceled it on the way to the lab without any explanation. Now this is 2 paid doctors visits and blood work through my insurance and they told me I would have to do the process over again. Of course I'm extremely frustrated at this time but I continue with it. After my results came they gave them to me over the phone and that was that. I then called back to ask if there were a prescription I could get for what it was that I had and was told again I needed to come in when we already know what it is I need a prescription for. When I tried to explain that to the receptionist she got frustrated and hung up on me.To say the least in my opinion they don't deserve a single dime from my insurance for wasting my time and practicing bad business.
5	Dr Forte has been my family physician for four years and I couldn't be happier. I'm forty four and have hypertension and can't get health insurance. NOT that I can't afford it, I seriously can't buy it, they turn me down. Dr. Forte is reasonable, I can see her other doctors when she isn't available, I can't imagine what I would do without her. Go to the emergency room? HA!
2	I had to bring my son here at the last minute to get his arm checked out for a basketball injury.  This is the only place that had an opening on the Tuesday after Labor Day, so we came here instead of UMC Quick Care.  Well, wouldn't you know it took us probably longer here than UMC?  We arrived at 2:30pm for a 2:45pm appointment and waited two hours to be seen by a nurse practitioner.  The staff here was friendly and we did leave with a prescription for steroids for my son, but I don't think we'll be back.  I really need to find a good family doctor when we're healthy, not when we're sick.
1	I used to love this practice because of Dr. Inocencio.  I'm sorry to give it a one star, but the service here is so horrible, I can't get past it.   Sorry Doc - your staff does you a disservice.  I have tried to get an appointment for a follow up to my surgery for over a month now - they simply do not answer the phone and have NEVER called me back in spite of my multiple messages requesting an appointment.  I wonder if the place is still open?  Anyway, I tap - though I prefer Dr. Inocencio, I am forced to find another provider because these people clearly do not have the ability to provide the care needed.  I recommended him to several friends, who have also received no response from this facility.  Too bad.
2	I like the doctors if I ever get to see them.  Have been calling for 2 days simply trying to make an appointmet.  15-20 calls...2 messages marked urgent....nothing.  And the wait time has been over 2 hours at times including waiting room & waiting for the doctor once you get back there.  The management and staff at this clinic are just bad bad bad.  To edit:  I still continue to have nothing but trouble, no help, upwards of 20-30 phone calls in a row to simply get someone on the phone. I know better than to leave a message, you get a call back 5% of the time.  Over a month it took to get a phone number referral they forgot to give me at my last appointment.  This office is just so bad, I honestly can't believe they stay in business.  The Cheyenne location is a tad bit better on the office staff side so now I just drive out there as it's the lesser of the two evils.  But I think the fact that they do stay in business is a testament to their Doctors.  I love Courtney, have seen Beverly & just had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Forte.  The Dr.'s really do seem to care & work really hard but they honestly need to fire the entire office staff & rehire people who care about patients & go over procedures such as how to answer a phone & not make customers call 86 times in a row to hopefully catch someone just to cancel an appointment.  Which btw they will charge you for...nice little revenue stream for them since they make canceling an appointment literally about impossible.
1	Do not go here for a check up.  They made me wait in the room for an hour before the doctor came to see me.  And she just walks in like nothing is wrong.   The doctor sat down and just asked me a few basic questions about my health history and squeezes my legs and arms and says "you seem healthy".  I ask for a blood test and they send the lab work OUTSIDE of my insurance network.  A month later, I get a bill for 1500 bucks for a blood test -____-.   Save yourself the money and the headache.  Go elsewhere
1	Haven't seen a doctor here yet, just sitting in the lobby. wait time is ridiculous...I'm starting to wonder if I'm still sick.
