4	This place is awesome-sauce. They have an amazing collection of reclaimed wood furniture. The marked prices are pretty high but the staff is willing to haggle. I got most of what I purchased down by 30+%. At the current time, it would seem that their coolest collection is the reclaimed tsunami boat wood furniture. Truly, the pieces are absolutely gorgeous. They also have a nice delivery option where, if you're willing and able to help a single deliveryman bring the stuff into your house, delivery is half price. A bit pricey, once again, but be ready to haggle!
1	I'm not really one to write many reviews but having been so maltreated by this store and given my ire is still so up,i feel compelled to do so and hopefully warn others who are thinking of purchasing from this store.I should have trusted my instincts that a store that hardly labels their merchandise with price tags and continually has signs for discounts on certain items but leaving it vague and murky as to what items might be discounted and having prior history with them knowing you can haggle-i find that super sketchy. Still I purchased a dining room table and chairs&bench and spent over 2000 in their store in the fall because i fell in love with their tsunami table.Over the week-end I picked up two footstools and discovered one was cracked at the leg.The very next day I went back to the store with my receipt and explained that one stool was damaged and I wanted a refund..I met with an incredibly rude and hostile employee who basically drilled me about why I would not want a replacement stool from another store and threw my receipt at me!she told me I could not have a refund and told me that I would only be refunded on Monday.Wow.I guess i'll find out if she is truly the manager of the store as she said she was and i'm still unsure if I will be reimbursed and they kept the merchandise-crazy thing too is that my saleslady from the night before was there when I returend the next day and didn't say one word.Really really bad customer service-the worst.
