1	This place is terrible. The service was the worst I've ever experienced, inside the place felt like a steam room at a rec center. The cook looked like he had just been paroled, the front counter person didn't know what she was doing. The manager was just as clueless as the order taker. So finally after I ordered my food and waited for 20 minutes I finally got my pancake, I mean hamburger. It seemed as though they tried to cram my food down with their palm to make it fit. I get the food out and I try the burger first, very tasteless and bland. It seems as though they hired out the rejects from in n out and tried making a burger joint. The experience was terrible. I suggest to stay far far away from here.
3	Well the food is not bad. ordered the pch burger good tast bun was fresh. The food took a few minutes but that is expected when everything is made fresh to order
3	Admittedly not a big burger fan so I opted for their #1 which is a 6 ounce with lettuce tomato and onion. Acer ordered the BBQ Angus, looked like about an 8 ounce patty.  We ordered fries and zuchini sticks on the side.  We arrived earlier than burger time so the staff informed us there would be a wait while the oil heated up for the fries.  No problem.While we waited we noticed what looked like about 10 pounds of fresh beef being cubed and ground for customers later in the day.  No doubt about their claim to fresh Angus beef ground on site.The burgers arrived on schedule, with an apology and a smile from our order taker.  Friendly people.  The burger was pretty good with a light mayo type of sauce.  They could possibly switch to a different onion, or cook them a bit as that was the dominant taste until I took about half of them out.  The burger bun was a little to bunny for me, I like them thinner, but it was fresh.  The fries piping hot and crispy. The zucher sticks came in a variety of sizes and were lightly seasoned.  Maybe more parmesean next time?  Offer parmesean as a condiment?  They were pretty good though.The condiments available on our side of the counter were limited to ketchup and mustard.The menu has some breakfast items as well as some sandwiches.  Pastrami caught my eye.  Apparently they also rotate their special burgers.  A previous reviewer yelped about the Hawaiian but was not on the menu today.  Still there is a variety of stuff to choose from.How about a signature sauce?  Or adding a crazy good corn dog or chili dog to the menu?  I could sooooo seee a chillidog in a hot dog version of their hamburger bun.Our total order including a small soda and an Orange Ceaser was under $15 so pretty good deal for the money.  As the staff and establishment matures to find their niche I can see this place being more well received as they are obviously trying to please. Our visit today was borderline between three and four but what I found lacking was something on the menu that sez "Come back for me".I will still be back though, I'd like to see how they come along.
3	Okay, I went to this place and it was okay, the orders were prompt and correctly made. Good burgers  but nothing special. We had a to go order for my daughter and it was made wrong. My wife took it back and got a lecture for not having a receipt. The staff just saw her there a scant 10 minutes before. The counter girl had a bad attitude and said "you better bring a receipt next time ".  They made a mistake and gave us a lecture ?. There will be no next time. I will stick with five guys burgers and fries.
1	Terrible terrible place. Weak customer service. average food at best.
1	Our first and ONLY trip to Cruzers was a total disaster!!!! My wife, daughter and I all order burgers, fries and drinks. When my wife orders, the lady asked he how she wanted it and my wife says well done. When I order, I ask for my burger medium. The lady trips out on me and tells me they only cook the burgers well. It made me laugh because she asked my wife how she wanted hers cooked. Oh well, we ventured on. With 3 burgers, 3 fries, 3 drinks and a side of chili the bill was over 30 bucks. I hand the lady my debit card and she tells me "cash only". I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only. I told her I had no cash on me and I would need to go get some. She says "sorry, next in line please". Well now I'm pissed, and I tell her they needed a cash only sign. As we walk out another customer that had just finished his meal told the lady that they should start out with telling the customer about the cash only. She ignored him and started taking the next order. We will never attempt Cruzers again.
3	This place is good, but still needs help. The restaurant seems to be a family owned joint. The food is fresh and good. The staff has been nice to me both times I've been there. They are very friendly and explain everything thoroughly. The hours are bad... Close at 7pm on the weekdays and closed Sundays.There is a lot of room for improvement. This place has a lot of potential. I hope they grow the business and are successful.
5	Great burger. I got a PCH burger with egg,chili,cheese,and bacon. Amazing. It's refreshing to have a fresh ground burger. The service was good. I had no problems. Wish they had a few more condiments out but with a full burger you don't really need it. Just watch out for the egg. When I took my first bite the egg yolk jumped out of the egg and on to my hand burning it. Overall great burger
5	Normally I am not a big hamburger eater and I don't care for fast food.  Cruzers advertises Fresh-Ground Burgers so hubby and I decided to give it a try.  We were very happy with the food it was fresh, made to order and not a burger just sitting under a heat lamp waiting to be ordered.  It was a refreshing change from the frozen pressed patties other places serve.  We will be back for more.  YUMMY
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. We gave this place a chance after reading a write up in the Henderson Home News. Anxious to support locally owned businesses in our area we completely ignored previous poor reviews in hopes of finding a gold mine.  It was the day after Christmas and many local restaurants were closed so we called AND called their listed phone and only received voicemail. Nothing indicated that they were closed so we drive over there to find them open and empty, (a potentially ominous sign).  Turns out, as explained by the girl at the register, the staff isn't allowed to answer "that" phone.  Really???  We were greeted promptly.  The menu is extremely limited, but does boast freshly ground angus burgers, fries and shakes. There were six in our party. We ordered everything from a regular burger, cheeseburger, a couple of PCH's & a pastrami sandwich on rye, along with several orders of "fresh" fries and a couple of shakes. The food took forever, 30 minutes, which as indicated by the posted sign, should be expected, as everything is made FRESH. However, when our food did arrive it was clear immediately that it was NOT fresh. All of the burgers were a pale grey color, certainly NOT freshly ground or grilled. The fries appeared promising, but they too were a false rendition of fresh. They were cold and hard, just as another reviewer said, I've had better come out of my fridge as leftovers. Two of our PCH burgers got messed up, sauce one the one that wasn't supposed to have it, Swiss instead of American, onions, missing bacon, the list goes on. When we brought this to the staff's attention she told us to switch buns and the problem would be miraculously   solved. Huh???  She eventually, begrudgingly agreed to remake only one of the burgers and not the other one. Odd. While waiting another agonizing 20 minutes, the replacement burger arrived. Mediocre at best. At some point, we were told there was no rye bread for the pastrami sandwich. No big shakes it happens. The hoagie roll was fresh, but the pastrami was cold, dry and rubbery with an very generous slathering of mayo. The shakes were freshly made. There were two staff members on duty. The girl at the register was not very efficient as it was her first day, but the tried to be polite. The other kid operating the grill seemed to be more senior and he was polite, too. But no amount of apologies could make the food taste better.  I had really high hopes for this place, hopefully the ownership can turn things around.
3	Styled to look like a chain fast food, Cruzers is actually just a singular store out in the greater Las Vegas area. Started by a fellow and his daughter who'd just finished culinary school, it was apparently an acceptable compromise between fancy high cuisine as she'd learned, and roadside stand fare as he liked.To that end, Cruzers focuses on providing the freshest ingredients as they possibly can - grinding angus sirloin daily for the burgers, clearing the fries out regularly so they don't sit idle under a warmer, that sort of thing. It seems like that insistence pays off, too, because the food is pretty good.Burgers are pretty good - albeit kind of small - but they are just like what you'd make at home, served piping hot and juicy. You can load them up with several toppings, but that menu might be a bit overpriced. The fries aren't bad, most come off as a little soft, but that's my preference - your mileage may vary.I'm pretty good with the service, I don't mind things taking a bit longer when the food is cooked to order, instead of hanging out in steam trays all afternoon. And in-uniform service members (police, fire, military) always get free coffee and free combo upgrades, which while I can't personally take advantage of, it's a nice gesture to the community.Ultimately, it's very clear that Cruzers is a small business, family project. They don't have the budget for all the bells and whistles and it shows. Things are still pretty new and they are working to get their feet under themselves. However, I think the things they do, they do it well, and while there's lots of room for improvement, they are off to a good start!
4	We had been to Cruzer's a couple of times and were not super impressed.  The staff was very friendly and the place was clean, but the food was just average at best.I went back yesterday for lunch.  They had an item of which I was not aware earlier, the spicy chicken sandwich.  This is a large chicken breast that has thin breading on it.  It was excellent.  Perfectly cooked and juicy.  Clearly fresh.  I got chili cheese fries, which were also good.  This food is clearly prepared by people, it's definitely not uniform l ike a fast food restaurant.  But, I like that.  They also had new fries since the last time I was here, and I like these fries a lot more.  If I had been on yelp the first time I went, I would have only given this place 2 stars.  But, I was very impressed with the improvement and will return.The staff is very friendly, but not overbearing.  Eager to help, but leave you alone to eat as well.
4	I was recently contacted by the folks behind Cruzers to come give their signature burger a try. I appreciate the request, not only does it mean that more people are perhaps starting to read this blog, but maybe that some restaurant owners and chefs actually value my opinion. Well that's wishful thinking at least. Either way I ventured there the other day for lunch to give it a shot. Both the Yelp and Urbanspoon reviews were very mixed so I wasn't sure what to expect. Long story short, it wasn't so bad.Cruzers is located way out in Henderson on Boulder Hwy so it's definitely not in a convenient central location to most folks in the Valley, especially some of my out of town readers that are looking for places to try while visiting. The area definitely has an older feel to it, one that I'm not too familiar with these days as I rarely venture this far out of town. The restaurant has been set up in an old school fast food formatted building, I'm not sure what was there before but if you told me A&W, Sonic, or any of that variety I wouldn't be surprised. The interior could use a little bit of work, but it's very clean so that's really just a matter of taste. Also from what I was reading online and what I experienced with the guy in front of me, they seem to occasionally have some credit card machine issues, but mine went through instantly.The menu is pretty slim and straightforward; some salads and sandwiches such as pastrami, chicken breast, cheesesteaks, etc. I've read many good things about the grilled chicken breast online so I might have to make it back at some point to try it. The star of the show is their burger, which is made from 100% certified Angus beef ground daily on site and made into patties each morning. They offer their hamburger with lettuce, tomato, onion and sauce at a small or regular size, or the signature PCH burger which comes on a fresh roll and includes any 2 extras such as cheese, bacon, chili, mushrooms, pastrami and a fried egg. Also something to note was the sign I read in the seating area about their fries; they are made from scratch every day, partially peeled and cooked to order so they are very fresh each time.Because it's one of my go-to burgers I went with the PCH burger with mushroom and Swiss. The food took a few minutes to come out which is totally fine since they are making it to order. Upon arrival I was instantly impressed with the overall look of everything as it didn't look like your typical fast food meal. It was also brought out to my table by the chef herself which definitely added to the locally owned feel of the place. The burger has two thin patties, but they weren't dry at all. The meat had great flavor, and quite a bit of seasoning which I liked. The bun was really fresh and good, and well-proportioned to the meat. My mushrooms had good flavor, although I was longing for a few more than I got and there was a bit more grease than I would have anticipated. The mayo, onions and tomato were all good, although the tomato had a bit of green in it. I'm sounding a bit nitpicky, as I'm here to be, but overall this was a really good burger.The fries were really good too, fresh as claimed, crispy, flavorful, and a million times better than Five Guys' greasy overrated offerings. They were cooked perfectly and consistent all the way through the pile which is often surprisingly hard for some places to do. Combine all this with a very reasonable price of $7.95 for my meal and you have a really good deal. Just a few dollars more than In-N-Out, several less than Five Guys, but arguably better quality than both.You can tell that the folks behind the counter really pay attention to each meal prepared, just as expected from a much fancier place. A few times during my meal the chef and gentleman behind the counter came out to speak with everyone dining there and check on their food. Between the pace of ordering as well as preparation of the food the experience could potentially sway from friendly and attentive to slow and aggravating as you can read in the many reviews already written on Yelp and Urbanspoon. I appreciate what these guys are doing and encourage you to support a local spot such as this. They may have some kinks to work out, and could really use an interior designer's touch on the dining area, but if you are anywhere near the Henderson area you should give these guys a shot.
4	This place is a small burger joint with fresh beef and cooked well.
5	I give this 5 because the burgers are excellent for a "fast food" burger. Quality and fresh ingredients. Not pricy. I reccommend the BBQ burger
3	I decided to check this place out after reading the reviews. Brought my wife and daughter for lunch. We all got the regular burger combo meal. It came with the usual lettuce, tomatoes and thousand island type dressing. My wife had mentioned that the bun was really food. It tasted like they had made it there. Very fresh tasting just like the Patty and the fries. I liked the fact the burger wasn't all greasy like at say in 'n out burgers. We also liked how clean the place is. You can't beat a good burger, fries and drink for 5 bucks. They also have great prices on breakfast stuff. We'll definitely be coming back. One more thing, the guy working the counter was nice also. He even came over later to ask how we we're doing. That goes a long way with me.
5	Seriously, the best burger I've had in ages. Service is amazing and super friendly. Dining room is spotless. Food is fantastic and inexpensive. Simply a must visit if you're anywhere near Henderson.
3	Was excited for the burger, but wasn't anything special. The hot dog was very good. Excellent snap to the dog. I would totally encourage you to try the chili cheese dog or just the plain hot dog with onions and relish. I will go back and try their chicken sandwich and chili cheese fries! Good random place for Henderson.
3	Just your basic burger joint..  They do have a few other interesting things on the menu which I have not tried.  For the money I would rather go to Smashburger if it were closer.  I would eat here again because it is the best burger nearby for sure.
2	I really wanted to enjoy this place; the LVRJ wrote a review about their chicken fried burger, and when you go in, there are all these self-promoting posters around telling you how they make their fries fresh, grind their meat fresh, all that stuff.  My husband and I met for lunch right after the article came out, because we're always looking for something good and different.  We don't live close, and had to drive out there.  I am so sorry to say that the Chicken fried steak was very very heavy and greasy -- way too much chicken fried crust coating and the bun was unremarkable.  I had the touted fresh fries -- they weren't "fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside" - the skinny skinny cut fries were crispy, but they were overcooked and absorbed way too much grease.  We got a single burger just to try one, but felt the grind had too much fat, and was also too heavy.  One should be able to go back to work and have a productive afternoon, but we couldn't, and skipped dinner -- stick to your ribs doesn't mean your food should sit like a rock in your stomach.  Felt the concept begged for shakes it didn't have.  Again, I WISH I could leave a better review, but we honestly didn't like it.  Nice people and a good effort, but not a good experience for us.
3	I visited Cruzers for the first time this afternoon after wanting to give them a try for a long time now. the reason I hadn't tried them sooner is their business hours. They close at 7 which is about an hour before I usually get out for the night. I'm a night person and usually don't get out before 8pm.Well today I was up around noon and had to do some daytime errands so I took the opportunity to stop in for my first Cruzers burger.I ordered the #2 combo which is a double patty burger, fries, and drink. I ordered cheese and bacon at .50 cents extra each which brought the grand total to $7.99 after tax. Not bad at all compared to the competition.While waiting for the meal I read the material on the wall stating how they grind their own Angus beef, cook everything to order and use all the freshest produce, etc. The restaurant was very clean and pleasant with about 10 booths for eat in customers.Now for the food- The burger was very good looking upon unwrapping- lots of melted cheese dripping and a bit of good grease coming off the patties. I thought for a minute that they had forgot the bacon but then noticed they put it in between the burger patties. The other standard ingredients are lettuce, onions, tomato, and "secret sauce" (basically a thousand island dressing). The fries looked especially good- golden brown and obviously fresh cut.I dug into the burger and was somewhat less than impressed. I don't know exactly what it was, but there was some seasoning done to the burger patties that added a flavor note in there that I just didn't like. I've had Angus beef burgers at other places and I know I like Angus, but they do something different to theirs. Like I said I can't put my finger on it, but I just didn't like the taste.Just an additional gripe on the burger- they were really lean on the toppings. Literally one leaf of lettuce on the bottom and 2 rings of onion. Plenty of sauce though and maybe that was part of the problem. They need to go a bit easier on the sauce and a bit more on the veggies.As for the fries, well, they were very good. They are fresh cut and cooked golden and crispy. They tasted great.I may give them another try- if I can make it out before they close. The other menu items like their Angus Philly cheese steak looked really good in the picture they had up and their hot dog special looks like a great value.One small wish or bit of advice I would have for the owners is to look into extending their evening hours. This is Vegas, you can't be closing as a restaurant at 7pm! Take a look at all the cars lined up in the drive thru's of McDonalds and Del Taco just down the street from you after 8pm to see all the potential business you are losing out on.
2	This is a solid 2 stars and according to Yelp means "Meh. I've experienced better."Top points:- Hot dogs are better than the burgers (as mentioned by other posters. TRUST THEM!)- Burgers are forgettable and greasy.- They are extremely stingy with veggie toppings.- Prices are great.- I uploaded 3 pictures to illustrate these points.There is possibility for greatness but the execution kills them. I love how all of their meat and veggies are advertised as fresh and nothing is made until you order....however....The burger sat very very heavy. It was a freshly made burger made from fresh ingredients but did not compare to other burgers that advertise they are fresh. What I mean by this is, take In-n-Out for example. It is freshly made to order. The patties are never frozen, the veggies are fresh. When you bite into it, you get a crunch from the veggies and you can taste them. The only veg I could taste was a little bit of tomato with each bite. Unbalanced ratio of veg to meat.I usually order a 3x3 which is a triple patty at in-n-out, so for comparison, I ordered a triple patty. I ordered to go. Only live a couple minutes away so they were still fresh.1) The MeatThe difference objectively is that you get more meat compared to In-n-out. Cruzers patties are thicker, with a meatier bite. More like a fat burger patty. They use a strong seasoning in their meat. Thought it was OK but not crazy about it. It's Angus beef which is nice, I would prefer to taste a very beefy burger rather than the spices seasoning the burger. Perhaps offer the seasonings on the side like Red Robin so people can choose how much to add to their burger individually. 2) The VeggiesI am a big meat eater. I love steak. I love triple patties but unfortunately this one is not one of the better ones I have had. If you are proud of your fresh veggies and advertise them, then put a spotlight on them when you make your burgers. Don't be stingy. I could not taste the onion except occassionally. The lettuce wilted into nothing with all of the grease. The tomato was the only thing I could taste with every bite. Even a big burger can be made to taste fresh and light and still satisfy your meat cravings. This is why I no longer go to burger king. Soggy veggies. If Carls Jr and In-n-Out can serve crispy fresh veggies in a ratio that compliments the burgers then so can you and I am willing to come back again and give you a much better review if that happens. I'm pulling for you because I would love to have a local place that does it right.Another thing that may help is wrapping them in paper so a person can hold them without grease running down their hands.3) The breadIt seemed to be a heftier bread. I don't know. It did not hold up however. There was so much grease that it soaked into the bread and the bun. It soaked it up like a SHAM-WOW. There was so much grease that on the drive home, it leaked out of the wrapper and soaked through the napkins, the bag, and into my car seat. Not cool. I took pictures of the greasy bun and lack of veggies if you want to see.Think of a burger like a building. If you build a house on a weak foundation, it will fall. That's what happens when you order multiple patties. The single patty burger MAY be fine on this bread(the veggies would still be stingy on a single patty however). I don't know if they bake their own buns. It was a basic bun. It was forgettable. Nothing special about it. Some places put a crisp on the inside. My bun was so soggy I could not tell if they did this. Just a average bun.4) The Hot DogsAnother reviewer said there was a nice snap or bite to the dog. I assumed it meant their hot dogs had snap because they had skins, hot dog cart style. Mine did not have a snap or bite. It was nice and beefy but no snap. Nicely grilled. So it was a skinless dog. I had the 99 cent special. Wasn't bad. Plain bun. I had more onion taste on this than I had in my entire burger though. So I would stick to the hotdogs. Great deal. Tasty. Not special in any way. Just a beefy filling hotdog. The kind you could make at home with some good all beef franks. Makes kids happy and it's kind to your pocketbook. Have not tried the chili & cheese.5) OTHER things- The ice machine did not have ice. - I bought a soda. They have Coke Zero. Yay! - You get a free shot of flavouring for your drinks if you ask at the counter. At least that is what it says on the ice tea machine.---------------------------------------------------------The Consensus!- Do not drive across town for these. It's not worth it.- Do not get the burgers! Save yourself some grief and money. - Get the hot dogs. A triple patty burger and 4 hot dogs specials (99 cents) came to 11 something. I did not get combos or a drink. Better hot dogs are 2 blocks away at HOT DOG HEAVEN however, though they do cost more.- Do not expect gourmet food. You could make these hot dogs and burgers at home, and they would taste the same or better.
