1	BEWARE! Techs are not licensed, the supplies they use are not sanitized. They are currently under investigation with the board of cosmetology.
1	i decided to go to 24/7 only because it was the only nail salon open at the time i went however i had heard they did pretty good work. In my opinion, i highly disagree. They were in a rush to finish my nails and they are the WORST set of nails i have ever had. They were all tired from working doubles and didn't put in any effort to make my nails look good, they just wanted to hurry up and finish. I wouldn't recommend this salon to anyone and if your honestly just going because its open 24/7 it really isn't worth it. I would suggest to wait the next day and go somewhere else and not to mention there extremely expensive!!!!
1	Terrible experience all around.  Decided to go here because they were open late.  Unfortunately had the worst gel manicure ever. My nails were filed crooked. I pointed this out twice and my nail tech seemed not to understand. Then my French Manicure looked as though it did not have enough coats- blank spots on my nails.  I pointed this out which they fixed but still was painted on crooked.  Huge dissapointment for $40.  Also there were two stereo systems playing different music at once and a huge screen TV with some gory footage playing, which I also commented on and was ignored. Not the ambiance of a relaxing salon experience that I was expecting.  This placed sucked big time.
5	very good people, really excellent pedicure manicure. it is wonderful to have a good place to get nails done in the evenings. Wow. Cindy, Kevin and Danny are very hospitable.   I am really glad I came here.  I would recommend this place for men or women, I think you will have a good experience.
5	Amazing. Had a great manicure and pedicure. They have an option for regular or deluxe pedicure (deluxe comes with clay mask and hot atone massage). They are priced well and open late. All the staff talks to yiu and makes you feel welcome. They speak english which is a nice change of pace from the typical vegas salon. The staff has years if experience and it shows. RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE.
1	Poor service. Worst pedicure I've ever had    Along with the highest prices I've ever heard in Las Vegas. It was very offensive. I would be surprised if they make it.
1	This place has not been the same since it turned into 24/7. Glad my hair/nail lady moved.
5	I had a great manicure and pedicure. TERRESA TERRESA TERRESA!! Ask for her, she's amazing. She took her time on my pedicure and paid attention to detail. She was very friendly and I absolutely loved that she focused on completely removing all the cuticle on my nails. My nails looked great. Best nail lady ever!
1	My mom and I found this place online and decided to try it since it was the only place that claimed to be open at 8:30 am. We pull up to the place and see the open sign right next to posted business hours and the 24/7 sign and name. A man stood inside and decidedly ignored us while we discovered the business was not in fact open. We tried to ask him why they claim to be 24/7 and "open," yet we are not granted access, but he was not interested in us at all.
2	Seriously!!!  I would never ever pay $50.00 for a pedicure EVER.. Well again and I wouldn't have paid it this time NEITHER.  We asked for pricing, I stated what I wanted  and the only change i made from time of check in to done was that I now wanted french tips.  Had I wanted to spend this kind of money, i would have gone to TheBathHouse.the other thing that puzzled me was "why, were they mopping the floor at 9 am in the morning, when the salon JUST opened"  Who really wants to be at a Salon when they are cleaning up yesterday mess.
5	in vegas working for CES and broke a nail in the middle of the day. didn't have time to fix until after my event, which was 9pm. thank god this place was open because i could not have gone longer with this poor looking nail. i have long pointy cat claws and the lady shaped it perfectly to match the others, it looks even better than the other ones. she was also really quick and it was only 5 dollars to fix the nail. i dont think they are actually open 247, they closed at midnight when i went.
1	I did not like their service at all. The guy sat me and my friend at the pedicure chairs and left us there for about 30 minutes..we wanted to leave. Then 10 minutes pass by and still no service being done. Horrible. First pedicure and my experience was horrible. The guy was on his phone while attending me.....like seriously? After he was done, he just left. Okay thank you...wasn't pleased.
1	My gf liked the job they did BUT.........I called at 10:41pm and they said they were open.  Yes. I asked the cost of manicure & pedicure.  $35 & $25, respectively. So we went there and While I'm waiting I started reading the yelp reviews. Uh oh!!  That's when I read all the reviews about the "bait & switch" tactics they use there.  To make a long story short.  When I asked for a total it was $120!!!!  Plus tip????  It went from $60 to $120. Can you do zero stars??I'd stay away if I was you.
5	Sarah Hughes does a fabulous job hair eyelash extension hair extensions makeup massage sooo reasonable cost wise and fun to be with
5	Went and had eyelash extensions by Sarah Hughes.  Sarah did an amazing job and I certainly will be back.  Everyone in this salon are independent so what happens with one will Not happen with another  person.  If you are looking for a dramatic change , a professional who knows what she is doing , and is very nice and very accommodating  then Sarah is your girl.
5	I've seen some negative reviews for this place, and I'll be honest- I don't know anything about the other 20-some stylists that work here independently, but this review is for Sarah Hughes, who I've been going to for a few years now. I followed her from another salon across town, but honestly I'd follow her to Pahrump if I had to. I get the military style high and tight zero-fade, and I've had waaaaaay too many bad haircuts from multiple random stylists from all over town to gamble with anyone else.Since I met Sarah, my hair's been exactly the way I want it- no lines in my fade, no "What did you do? Put a bowl on your head and have them shave around it?" jokes. Turns out she's really good with women's hair too, because I've sent my girlfriend and many of my female friends there as well, and they all become repeat customers. A great combination of salon skill, experience, and killer personality. Go to Sarah. Look fantastic. Eat lunch at the cool kids table.
5	Awesome. Cindy Chau is great.Great cut, and always makes herself available.Been seeing Cindy for years now, and wouldn't go anywhere else... Unless it was to follow her if she moved. Can't speak for the other salon services or employees, but Cindy is the best. Personalized service, and attention to detail, Cindy is a true professional.
5	I'm from our of town and was looking to kill time before my flight.  So I decided to get a neck and back massage.  I was a bit scared to get a massage in Las Vegas if you what I mean.  So I found a few pulled up and then cling found them online.  Once I read a few bad reviews I went to the next.  I came upon this one and didn't find any reviews so I decided it was now or never.  CC did an amazing job,  her hands were like magic.  Too bad I can't bring her to Baltimore with me
1	I went to see Mahira here to get my hair colored. Ombre to be exact. After washing my hair, she told me that if I wanted to get my hair dried then ill need to wait since her next appointment is here. So I waited. When I saw my hair, the left side of my hair was fine but the color on the right was uneven!! Her next client was waiting to get her hair washed so I told Mahira I would call her since I didnt want to complain in front of her customers and needed to get something to eat. When I got home the damage was much worse than I thought! There were missing pieces of hair that wasnt colored and the rest of my hair just had random blonde chunks. I called her right away and she told me to come back in an hour then calls me 30 mins later asking where I am since she needs to be somewhere.When I arrived, I showed her the mistakes and she tells me thats what ombre is suppose to look like. This was the last straw. I told her she can keep $40 for the hair supplies but I want a refund for the rest. She started arguing with me and saying that im trying to scam her. I mean come on! Look at my hair! SHE is the stylist and knew it wasnt suppose to look like that! She then told me that God is going to judge me and im going to get what I deserve. Well... she was right. I got my refund.
4	Never used the spa section of this place but I will say that the nail salon is very efficient and the hours are very good! If you need an appointment later than 7PM then yes they do have an up charge but on the plus side they offer alcoholic beverages! Shots if grey goose while your getting your pedicure?! Yesss count me in! My go to place now!
5	Love this salon. I go to Elsa SKalkowski. She is the best stylist ever and so sweet and patient. I get my hair extensions here and would never go anywhere else. I highly recommend her  she also styles the best  in vegas!
1	I wish yelp has negative stars for business like this ..went on a Sunday night as I was desperate for a manicure and they were open late ..my nail broke on Monday afternoon didn't even last 24 hour's.The guy who did my manicure was friendly but did a shitty job ..very disappointed ..receptionist was busy fooling around with the other guy working there ...it's would not recommend this place to anyone ..I have been looking got one decent place in Vegas ..hopefully I find a good nail salon soon
5	The place to go to get pampered. I got a pedi and mani by the owner of the salon. She is very thorough. I also love the hours. They are open until midnight!!!
4	Super convenient location near 24 Hour Fitness. PROS: -Open till midnight!! Can you believe that?! I wish the local ones in my hometown are open this late! If you're ever in Vegas and don't feel like gambling and want to get yourself pampered, come here!-Variety of services: mani/pedi, facials, massages, waxing. They do it all. And at a fraction of what the casino spa charges.Tip: If you're planning to come here with a big group, make an appointment.Oh, if you come in and no one's at the front desk, just wave someone down. They might not acknowledge you when you come in because they are busy with customers.
