4	I wouldn't usually give a Tace Bell four stars, but they had something that I really liked and that was their Verde sauce packets. It's similar to the green sauce I get at one of my favorite Mexican restaurant. I like trying things that don't exist where you live.The food was as I've had in California. Good and filling. The dining area was clean, the bathroom was clean. That's it. It's Taco Bell.
4	I don't go to Taco Bell often, mainly because I prefer more authentic tacos. This Taco Bell is very close to my house though, so I will rarely go through the drive-through for a quick snack. The last time I did so, Taco Bell must have been shorthanded. When it was my turn to order, the employee asked me to wait a moment. And then a few minutes later, she apologized for the wait but asked me to wait again, as she was taking orders for both the drive-through and customers that were inside. When it was my turn, MAYBE 5 minutes had passed... It was certainly not a long enough period of time for me to get impatient or upset. Regardless, the employee was very apologetic, and offered me a free beverage to make up for the wait. I wasn't even bothered by the wait, but I was impressed with the customer service. I wish more fast food employees offered such service.
4	My Taco Bell fix before or  after Golf @ Tuscany. Nice  location only negative is it is a little hard to get into, not real hard but wish it was easier.
5	Quite possibly the nicest staff at any fast food place I have ever seen.  They are soooo nice and cheery.  Seriously, I want to call corporate and tell them to give these people raises or something.  My order is always right, extra sauce is always in bag, and when I order whoever is on the other end is super chipper.  Not fake, genuinely happy.  It's just refreshing.  Nachos bell grande, extra cheese, no tomato pls.  thank you.
5	Zipped thru the drive thru last week for some of those yummy Doritos tacos and one of the $1 watermelon (I think that's what it was) drinks. Service was fast. Tacos had lots of shredded cheese which I haven't seen at Taco Bell's in YEARS! Tattooed guy was all smiles as he quickly handed me all my artery clogging treats and sauces then I was on my way lickety split. Those tacos were so good. I stood in the kitchen and at all three of mine without ever sitting down, LOL!
4	Yum. I have to sneak to taco bell, because my guy is on the non gmo, all organic kick. Taco bell has teamed up with doritos, I had the spicy/firey taco today and it was great.... Taco bell has also teamed up with chef Garcia... Who has been on top chef masters (bravo). They are really trying to make a difference taste/quality wise with that line. Had the nicest encounter with a 'Timothy' today.Not authentic enough for ya ? Boo hoo... You want "more authentic" Tacos ? Go somewhere else.  No complaints!
5	Wow the staff is amazing here! We parked and walked to the door and it swung open just as we reached it and the female employee smiled and held it open for us. She did say she loved our car, haha, maybe just getting a closer look. :)Great, friendly people, personal, "local" stuff on the walls. All in all a success at pulling a local flare into an international chain.The very best Taco Bell I've been in ever.
3	I had to try the new breakfast items just to say I did. I ordered an Am Crunchwrap with sausage and a bacon breakfast burrito. My husband ordered the Am Crunchwrap with steak and a burrito with steak. As for taste stick with the steak! It really makes the meal. I enjoyed my Crunchwrap with sausage, but it was nothing that great. But with the steak yes, please! The Crunchwrap is great if you are on the go or need to eat while driving. It has a layer of hash browns, a sausage patty, bacon or steak, eggs, and cheese. It's all held together in a flour tortilla that is then pressed so it all melts and melds the goodies together! The burrito with bacon was meh. It contained chopped bacon, scrambled eggs, and cheese. But again with the steak it totally transformed the burrito. And where are the beans? I think a Mexican breakfast burrito calls for beans! Just my suggestion :) Overall I learned on my visit is order the steak! Amazingly good flavor! Makes the bland burrito totally better.
5	Still amazing! This gem is operated almost entirely by females and they are upbeat, happy, courteous and very, very nice. The feel is local and you can tell everyone loves working there (I think it was even the same people working there from our last trip to Henderson in December 2013 so they have low turnover).Great job, excellent store - well kept and supplies always neatly arranged and full.NOTICE TO HQ: VISIT THIS STORE AND REPEAT THEIR MODUS OPERANDI.
5	Excellent customer service! Never have I been in a taco bell where everyone is extremely nice and polite. Store is always clean. The employees definitely make my day even just by smiling :) keep up the good work!
