3	Terrific location and very nice decor. Unfortunately, the food and service is very much lacking at this price range. It's worth checking out if you're in the area, but don't get your hopes up.PS - The coffee is fairly good.
5	I would by no means consider myself a tartare expert, but the beef, French style here was delicious. It came served with some great baguette crutons an we ordered fries for the side as well. My gf had a red pepper soup and loved it, hearty, but not heavy as she described it. Overall a great lunch stop after walking around st luarant all day. My only complaint is that the tartare portion was actually too big for one person, about half of what was served would have been perfect.
3	Having tried only two styles of meat tartare before experiencing Marche 27, I was very excited to discover new raw meat sensations. I approve this message. Overall, I can't get the bill out of my head.Don't get too excited by how the interior looks like: just a decent border between ghetto McGill and le Plateau. Bricks, chalkboards and a pseudo-atmopshere. Oh and an anecdote: the restaurant tries to put in a low lighted, cozy and almost romantic atmosphere at night but somehow needs to have a TV showing Habs getting their butt kicked. Food was good, no doubt about that. Most of the sauces match well with the served meats and the portions are generous. I recommend the duck tartare and the French fries. More, if the day of your visit allows you to, get some oysters. However, this not grande cuisine. The sauces are sometimes way too sweet and the oyster sauce almost felt like cheap vinegar. Moreover, I experienced quite a cheesy service with a waitress dressed as if she was going to 1234 and who tried to describe her food as a complex and conceptual experience. Big MTL, keep it simple.Finally comes the bill. Bleh: Old Montreal prices for simply good food and a decent atmosphere?
4	What I like about this place is the service and the vibe.  The waitresses are friendly, without being intrusive and did not treat my English-speaking DCs like pariahs.  Also, there was no attitude when we did not order alcohol.On our last visit, we had the tartare tasting platter, shared between 3 people (liked that the waitress was able to recommend this one over fish version, implies some knowledge of the menu.)We enjoyed it immensely, especially the different kinds of breads, crackers and chips.  Beautiful (and unpretentious) presentation and the salmon & tuna were distinctly different.Other items sampled from previous visits include a salad from the specials board that was fresh and tasty, a fantastic banana creme brulee (I may have hogged a disproportion share... oopsie!) and the hand crafted coffee beverages have always been excellent.The vibe is chill and other patrons are just having a good time with their friends or relaxing.  It's too bad that they don't serve breakfast/brunch anymore, as that was excellent as well.  4.5 stars
5	This place is solid, if you like tartar it's a must to go and try. They have a great selection of flavors.  They have great French fries and all sorts of daily specials.  I love this place.
4	I was there with my sister and my brother-in-law. It's a small place on the corner of clark and prince arthur. There is a lot of different type of tartare to choose from. We decided to get the tartare tasting platter and the fish tartare tasting platter. Each tasting platter come with 5 50g tartare. One platter is good for 2 people to share. It was really good. Love that they have tasting platter, when you can't decide on just one. My favorite was the sesame scallop and spicy deer.
5	My husband and I were visiting my family for the holidays from San Francisco and he LOVES his beef tartare, he keeps talking about the magical beef tartare he ate in Quebec City and there was no way I was driving 3 hrs to eat raw meat, so this was the next best thing, what's better than a tartare bar?! We went with my sister and this is tartare galore- my husband was thrilled! I love the atmosphere, trendy and modern and if I still lived in Montreal, I would definitely come here for drinks since all my old hot spots are now invaded by minors, we ordered the seafood and meat tartare tasting platter, 4 people could easily eat this, I also ordered the fries. Everything was excellent! Some were savoury, some were salty, loved the deer and duck tartare best. Yelpers mentioned the high cost but I thought the pricing was pretty reasonable. I would definitely go back.
3	Went here recently last week for the first time because i just LOVE tartare. It's delicious, but its not amazing. There a several selections of styles like French, Japanese etc. that's cool. but when I got the tartare i tasted it (i had red tuna 100g) it was just ok. you can definitely make tartare yourself like tuna/salmon and get the fish from atwater market or La Mer. My only complaint and concern is they don't know where their fish comes from. I am trying to be environmentally conscious and wanted to eat only tuna/salmon that was not overfished but the waitress and kitchen had no idea where their fish came from. That's a bit weird? I would definitely only go again if someone was visiting from out of town or if someone never tried tartare and wanted a hip spot to go to,
4	Yes please to everything on the menu in every permutation.The focus of this place is their tartar. You can have all kinds of proteins (scallops, veal, duck, beef, shrimp, lobster, tuna, etc) and you can do it in all kinds of styles (itallian, asian, japanese, mexican, etc).They also have a great selection of oysters and some interesting larger entrees. This is a hidden gem in montreal and i can't wait to go back. Everything was exceptional. Memorable to me though is itallian duck and japanese white tuna.Much love for this place.
3	I wanted to give this place 4 stars (or more!), but I just couldn't...The food itself was very good. Even though I had high expectations (tartare is not the kind of meal I go to "cheap and cheerful" places for) I was very happy with what I got. For $40 the degustation plate had 5 different combinations of meat + preparation style pre-picked. It included 50grams (each) of veal, duck, beef, salmon, and tuna. I also got a side of matchstick fries, which were very good.The reason why I have to give it just 3 stars is the service. Our waitress basically ignored us the entire night. We never got our water replaced, we were never asked if we wanted another drink, and after waiting to get the bill for about 15mins, we had to flag another waitress down to get it. The venue is very night, and obviously going for a more up-market look/feel, and I would expect the service to match.I will probably give them another chance. If you go, I hope you have a better experience than I did.
4	I love love love this place. The ambiance, the food, and most importantly the waitresses are always so nice. You can also order it online, which is really convenient when you crave some Russian beef tartar in Montreal winter, and believe me you will.
2	The food was great, but the service was deplorable. Not once did the waitress ask us if we wanted another drink once our drinks were empty, she did not come to see us and ask if everything was ok or if we needed anything. As an ex-waitress, this was extremely irritating. When it came time to pay, it took the waitress 15 minutes to get us our cheques and the cook had to come and make us pay cause he was noticing that she was simply avoiding us. Sadly, because of that, I will probably never go again.
4	One of my fave restaurants in Montreal. Wish we had one in Toronto...If you love tartare, then this is the place for you. They offer a number of great "styles" for a number of different "proteins". Choose your own combination or select one they recommend. Better yet, take the plunge and do a degustation and try five different combinations. Their french fries are great too.
5	Oh man, when it comes to tartare, this place cannot be beat!I must admit that a few years ago, I paid them a visit, and was extremely disappointed. However, I tried again earlier this week and was FLOORED.The grilled calamari was heavenly, and my tropical salmon tartare transported me to some hawaiian island filled with happiness and deliciousness. Think I'm exaggerating? I'm really not! I also had a Liquid Candy martini which was very sweet but also very good. And the fiance had the beef bavette which was very good as well!This place made me so happy, that I went back a mere 2 days later for another dinner! This time with the mango and chipotle salmon tartate - YUM. And an assortment of martinis (5a7 = $5 martinis. How can you resist??). The key lime martini wasn't very good. The cinnamon martini was super interesting. The strawberry shortcake martini was basically a daiquiri, and the litchi martini was good - a classic. If I could, I'd be eating there everyday.. For a large portion of tartare, a side of gherkins, and 4 martinis, the bill came up to $55. Not bad AT ALL for a delicious dinner on a girls night out!Can't wait to go back!
5	Best tartare bar ever, hands down. The menu concept is wonderful, pick your raw meat and then add your flavoring... I chose salmon tropical (AMAZING) and some type of Australian white fish Japanese style (INCREDIBLE). If you're in Montreal I definitely recommend this place. And hey, if the weather is as nice for you as it was for me, you should sit on their patio!
4	Heads up, umami bowls on the menu - the salmon bowl I had tasted fresh and amazing. I went for the medium size and it turned out to be too much for me, so evidence suggests the small will suffice for a small person with a large appetite. Our table also shared the confit duck wings which were amazingly delicious. The sangria was not a big hit, too much pop and sweet liquors in that mix for our taste, but the other tables seemed to be full of folks enjoying it. The size of this place is kind of ideal for me, I can easily believe that all the meals are made with care when there are only ever 40ish people to be fed. And I like seeing the solo regular at the bar with a glass of wine and a pile of tartare reading the paper and chatting with the staff, I like to eat in a place where people feel comfortable to spend time like that. Our waitress was fairly quick and easy going and had no problem switching to English when necessary to answer questions from our American guests. A totally enjoyable experience on a strip of Prince Arthur that is slowly but surely finding itself again.
4	Amazing restaurant- trendy and cool. TERRIBLE service. It's such a shame. They have everything else right.
4	I love to go there for thai salmon and japanese tuna tartare. Fish is fresh and presentation is amazing.I was disappointed with their wine menu, since they don't offer a lot of choices and also not a lot of private importation.
4	Great Resto for foodies in Montreal. Best Tartares in the city and I have tried it everywhere. Great selection of meats and fish and also many styles to choose from. Service was good and cocktails were tasty and cool and $5 between 5 and 7 :)Umami bowls are exclusive and have an asian twist to them.Small restaurant but well spaced out. Very busy restaurant but they don't take reservations, so get there early.
4	What an unique place, a raw bar that also serves ramen!!!  Of course, I tried their ramen.  Not bad for a non ramen shop.  I need to go back and try out their raw bar.  The menu has a wide range of both meats and fish served raw and chopped with a selection of international condiments.
4	love the environment in this place and the waiters and owner are amazingly nice and friendly. I love the food too it has the best tartares in Montreal. The only thing about it is if you are not into tartare not sure they have a lot of varieties.
4	i've eaten and ordered delivery from here a bunch of different times and was never disappointed. favorite thing on the menu is the basket of shoestring fries. my only issue is that they are very heavy-handed with the salt in their seasoning of the tartare. sometimes it's way too much for my taste, others it's better but still noticeable.
