4	Great authentic thai food with adjustable spice levels.  "Thai Hot" made me cry once.  Their pad thai and pad siew are awesome, and their panang tofu (or panang seafood) is delicious.  The inside is fairly dark with old west wagon wheels adorning the walls, which is a bit out of place for a Thai restaurant.  Staff has always been very friendly and recommends dishes based on your particular tastes.
1	Thai food can be so amazing, that it really bugs me when it's not very good.  Tonight I stopped in to Chars.Restaurants are in the food business, not interior design, but a clean and welcoming atmosphere still makes a big difference to me.  I don't know what business used to run out of this building, but it was probably "western" themed because there are wagon wheels and longhorns adorning the walls.  As I was noticing the wagon wheels, I made the mistake of looking up.  If you're like me, you get a little discouraged when the air vents are black with dust and mold.  As far the food goes, it was not near what I would want from a decent Thai restaurant.  I ordered a spring roll (which was really an egg roll, given that it was fried and contained meat) and Pad Ka Prow with chicken.  The spring roll / egg roll arrived quickly and very hot, though it also came with super-generic "sweet and sour sauce" that didn't exactly scream authentic Thai food.But, I'm an adventurous guy, so I stick around for the main course.  My food arrives quickly after I finish trying  the eggroll.  The Pad Ka Prow was essentially just a large-ish sized plate of chicken..pieces...in a brown garlic sauce.  Despite having asked for it to be prepared "Thai Hot" it was extraordinarily bland.  Worse yet, I experienced pain twice in a row as I found bone in two different mouthfuls of the chicken before I finally called it quits.So if you're a big fan of thai restaurants decorated like Tombstone and you're not bothered by bone fragments in your chicken, I recommend Char's, it's cheap.
3	I'm just not impressed.Been about 4 times. Never had a horrible experience. Never had a great one, either. It's just in the middle - nothing that leaves a lasting impression. I can't even recommend anything off the menu. I remember the Thai Coffee, iced. That was great. But that's about all I can remember, except, wait! I recall waiting. Yes, waiting to be noticed that I'd walked through the door. Waiting to be seated. Waiting for my order to be taken. And waiting longer for the check to arrive. As for the food, it's okay. It's decent. It's not going to knock your knickers off, though. If anything, you may be too distracted by the wildly weird decor to even remember what you ordered. (That's probably what keeps happening to me.)If you like Thai or want to experiment with Thai, go. But if you looooove Thai and are looking for a great meal, then bypass this and head over to Malee's in Scottsdale.
3	This is a delightful Thai restaurant, but certainly not the best the valley has to offer.  In fact, in Tempe, I would say that Lemon Grass is a much better value.  However, Char's is still delicious, and I would dine there again.  My favorite dish is actually the Tofu appetizer, prepared very nicely with an excellent dipping sauce.  The Thai ice tea is reliably delicious as well.  In entres, I have not tried anything adventurous, but the Pad Thai was great!  This place is great for accomodating large groups (6+ people) at lunch or dinner.  The service is reasonably prompt as well, so it's definitly accessible for a lunch break or a quick dinner.
4	I used to live round the corner from this restaurant. I have never been disappointed with anything that relates to this one. Good and fast service, long menu options (No. 31 is smoking HOT !!! )... Prices are decent ( Again, I am a graduate student ! )... I have had take-out food so many times from here that I could not have imagined life without Char's before I moved away from Tempe. I am not sure if people who expect high rollers' atmosphere in restarants would like here or not, but overall a very decent place to eat !
4	Currently being remoldeled and replaced by Thai Rama.Hope the owners got a good deal. Food was okay, but you hate to see a small mom-and-pop place go.Here's four stars of optimism that another good Thai place is coming to Tempe.
3	It's sad that this place is no longer there. I would always go there with a friend of mine... to him it was more of a cure from his hangover than anything. It wasn't a great place but it made it more unique than the new establishment that took over. I will miss this place. Good times with my friend.Bathrooms were dirty though ewww!
