4	I can't believe I'm reviewing this place, just because it's pretty much the cafeteria for the local university.As with many student unions, the one at UNLV has several restaurants.  Despite the huge budget cuts that have come across the school, they managed to make big developments by getting decently big-name establishments into the place like Panda Express and Subway.  There was going to be a Raising Canes, but the rent space was too small for them.There's also several rooms upstairs for multiple purposes.  There are computer rooms for people to do work (not as equipped as the library nearby, of course), and there are plenty of other rooms for just hanging out with friends or playing games on your own laptop.  With plenty of spaces to be secluded in or to mingle with the student population, the student union is by far the most dynamic place on campus.Also, there's not much to say about the food because it's just like rating the individual restaurants.  As far as the environment, the energy varies throughout the day.  During the busy hours around noon, the place is filled with all kinds of students, distinct cliques in their usual hangout spots.The annoying thing about the place is the occasional douche from the frat who talks obnoxiously at the table nearby, but what do you expect from a college campus?
5	Sometimes I'm able to leave work early enough that I have some time before classes. When that happens, I have time to come here and eat some food and hang out a bit. based solely on the criteria that I like to eat and hang out, this place is the best. There are several food options to pick from (Metro Pizza, Subway, Taco Bell, Jamba Juice...) that keep me pretty happy. In terms of entertainment, there are places to sit and eat and people-watch, which is always fun. There are a ton of chairs and places to hang out, though there are never enough electrical outlets for everyone to plug in their laptops. All in all, this place is cool! Plus, it doesn't hurt there are pretty ladies to look at!
4	This review is for a volunteer recognition breakfast that I attended on 11/5/11 in Banquet Room B on the second floor.The room is very well decorated in red, of course, for UNLV.  The staff was attentive to making sure the coffee and food items were always available without running out.As for the food, it was done by UNLV Catering and it was as good as buffet banquet breakfasts can be.  The scrambled eggs were a bit watery, but everything else was cooked well.Parking on a Saturday was fine.  I know how difficult it is for students during the week.My visit here was a positive experience and I could only look at the Student Union and wonder if I would have enjoyed such a nice place if I had gone to college at a bigger school than I did.
3	It would be great if we could get another computer lab and maybe a Chipotle where the sprint used to be :D
5	One of the better Student Unions that I've seen. Lots of choices for lunch: Greens to go, Subway, Panda Express, Pizza, Custom made burgers, etc. Aside from there, there is a huge seating area: inside and out. There is also a Starbucks & Jamba Juice if you ever get thirsty!
3	I come here a lot since I work at UNLV.  I've only patronised the Starbucks and a couple of the food court offerings.  At the moment, the main floor features: Metro Pizza, Greens to Go, Subway, Burger Studio, Panda Express, Taco Bell, Jamba Juice and a convenience store.  I believe only Panda Express is open on weekends.Two Bank of America ATM's on the main floor.  A Wells Fargo outlet on the main floor.  Offices and other space upstairs.Nothing exciting and terribly crowded during peak lunch hour with the mass of students vying for seats and attention.  It's a 'student union building.'  Whaddya expect?  At least there are a lot of windows!
4	It gets noisy here when it's busy but that keeps things lively.  There's a plethora a services: banking, RebelCard (UNLV) office, computer lab, conference rooms, game room, food court + Starbucks and Jamba Juice, even a student help/info desk.
5	I really love the SU. It does get noisy and busy during lunch hours 12-2. Other than that the options are great and the atmosphere is nice. Its always usually clean too. The janitors do a good job :) I just hate the long lines during the lunch hours but they do their best to keep up. This is my favorite place to grab lunch between classes.
3	I can still remember the old student union, which was one story and had more character. The new student union (built with fees myself and others had been paying for many years before it was built) has better amenities and a second floor, but resembles a mall foodcourt.I wish they had a better selection of places to eat. Do we really need a Taco Bell, Subway and a Panda Express when they have locations about a mile from UNLV? The Jamba Juice is the only place I eat at there; I tend to go to local businesses across the Maryland if I want to eat.The meeting rooms are quite nice. I've been there for various organization meetings and workshops, and they have plenty of outlets and equipment you can request. My only complaint is that occasionally when you try to book a room as a campus service/organization/etc you'll be told there are none because they also book them for money to non-campus entities.I haven't used the computer lab at all, so I won't rate that. I did see Zombieland in the theater a few years ago, and it was excellent (both the theater and the movie).
3	Mostly a hang out place for students. It is a Student Union. The food court is just mediocre, pizza, Subway, Starbucks, salad, Panda Express, Taco Bell, Jamba Juice and a small snack store. They're currently putting in a sushi place called Sushic that is replacing the Burger Studio. During the day, this place get's REALLY loud, especially between classes. The Greeks have "claimed" a portion of the SU, between the main doors by the staircase area. You will typically find majority of Greek life here if they're not in class! The food sucks, especially in quality. Your best bet for something decent is to walk across the street over to anything else in the plaza's. The first floor has the information desk, game room, US Bank, rebel card, and Kaplan services. By the game room is a small postal kiosk, but if you need to mail large items, you'll have to go across the street to the post office there. There is also a DMV kiosk, which is awesome, right across from the information desk. There are two Bank of America ATMs and one US Bank ATM located here.The second floor has three lounge rooms, computer room, meeting rooms, and a ballroom. Most student organizations have their meetings throughout the week in the meeting rooms, which are free to them if they're OCED recognized!The third floor has offices, including SUES and CSUN/OCED, rebel card main office, and the Source Room. The Source Room is a room full of resources for student organizations to use, which is pretty cool.
2	Crowded, loud, filled with frat-bros trying to impress each other.
3	Ah.. the Student Union... how much better it could have been.This place is super noisy as my yelpers have noticed. Get here during peak hours between 11am - 1pm and the place is packed. Long lines for the mediocre food court - subway, a Taco Bell with a limited menu, Panda Express, salad place and Metro Pizza. Very average mall food court type set-up. There is a Jamba Juice and Starbucks but expect long waits so make sure you have time. There is a theater on the first floor for events but the seating  is flat and very cramped, make sure nobody sits in front of ya. There is a decent game room but its usually packed with the students.The second floor is nothing but empty meeting rooms and a ballroom. There is a computer lab but other than that nothing really for students unless you are attending a specific event.The 3rd floor is more offices: Rebel Yell, OCED, Student Government, again nothing really for students unless you have specific business. I wish there was more for students to do than just eat and sit around. But hey, its better than nothing right!?
3	I enjoy spending time at the student union. A nice lively area where students can grab a bite, drink, bank, or simply shoot the sh*t with friends. They even have new water stations built in to quench that healthy thirst. Everything is expensive and overpriced. Which makes no sense because half  the students there a broke, so what gives? I dunno, but I suppose it doesn't matter bcuz it's always packed and you have a bunch of hungry college students wondering around. Computer lab and conference rooms on second floor. Game room, seating, info desk, juice bar, mini grocery mart, and Starbucks all available. Sort of the one stop shop on campus :)
4	The Student Union is really a useful place to study and eat. So if you don't mind a little noise, chow down on Panda Express, Starbucks, Taco Bell, Metro Pizza, Subway, Greens To Go, or Jamba Juice. If you need a small little snack to last you through class, you can grab one at the vending machines or the POD, which has a variety of to-go items and essentials like Tylenol. The food isn't that special, but since when was school food ever good? The second floor has some quieter, more private seating where you can study. It also houses the ballroom and most of the meeting rooms, where most student organizations and events gather. The third floor contains your student government offices, so if you have a concern or question...now you know where to go! There's no seating up there, it's not a study area! If you need to be on campus and you're dying from hunger, this is the place to be! Just use your Rebel Card to save on tax!
3	If you need to escape the heat or just have some time to kill this is a good spot to do it. If you want good food or need someplace quiet to study, well, I'd keep looking. Great people watching if you're in to that type of thing.
4	Stay in school.OK...Yes...the Student Union is noisy but...it's meant to be.If you want somewhere quiet...Please walk your butt over to the library. I think the UNLV Student Union is great. The first floor is set up very much like a food court with popular choices like Panda Express, Jamba Juice, Metro Pizza, and etc. The lines can get pretty long at peak lunch hour but that is expected when there are so many students that congregate here. There is also a Starbucks that get's insanely busy at all times. There is a game room with a pool table and your typical arcade games.The second floor is quieter and is where you would want to go to get some before class studying done. There are couches, study rooms, and a computer lab available for students to use.
5	This is my favorite place to study, I personally prefer this than the library. When I'm studying alone, I like sitting on the big comfy chairs because it's roomy enough for me to place my laptop on the arm rest and my books on my lap. There's also a food court and a game room to kill time until your next class.
3	It's just a place to pass time and eat. I usually come here when it's not to busy. Don't come to the SU when it's crowded and expect a seat. The service is alright, when you need something don't be afraid to ask. IT is pretty helpful and front desk will tell you when they have scantrons again.The food, it's the normal price as going outside to the actual fast food venue, but if you use your Rebel card or dinning, you do get a discount. The study rooms are super comfy, and I go there often to rest, relax, and sometimes study, but it's preference on where you like to study.
4	I feel very wrong writing this review, but having been in the Student Union a handful of times now I felt I should go ahead and write one up. The reason I feel so very, very wrong writing this is because I am an alumni of the University of Nevada, Reno. I KNOW. I am treading in very bad territory here.The student union at UNLV sits nicely center and to the front of campus. It is close to the bookstore and is situated near a large outside area which is often used for events of all kinds. My last time being here I was attending a Walk for Autism which was using the square outside area to set up booths, play music, and be the starting point for the walk.Inside the student union has multiple places for students to come together to meet, study, hang out, etc. The interior is newer in design and houses a Starbucks, Metro Pizza, a Panda Express, and other eateries. I have never gotten any of the food here though.From an outsider's prospective (and not a student) the Union is a decent place. Of course I cannot comment on services for students, or what it is like when classes are in full swing. However, from my position as a post-grad and just a normal old adult of the world I think it is a pretty good place.
2	Not the best selection of vendors to nurture academics and college life for students.  Food vendors are absolute crap, except the salad spot.  Mostly fast food, and a sushi restaurant, which I honestly don't understand how the average college student affords this. I would love to see more healthy and affordable choices.*There's something ethically and morally wrong with allowing private banks to have permanency in the Student Union; they're even invited to the New Student Orientations; how predatory!?  The building itself is a huge architectural waste of space; more spaces are unusable than not.  UNLV should consider modeling themselves closer to institutions with greater student service-related success and stop trying to assume they know what they're doing.
3	BUSYBUSYBUSYBUSY.It's a very nice, huge building but when it's packed, it turns into a terror house. I don't understand. Don't people have other places to go? I'm from University of Nevada, Reno and the student union there plus the Knowledge Center (library) were two big buildings where students can hang out and there was never really an instance where I felt it was extremely crowded and too busy. But this student union here at UNLV is CRAZY busy. I like the food choices here, pretty good variety. Spacious but that definitely changes during peak hours, which I feel like is 90% of the time. LOL.
4	UNLV is a very nice campus overall. It is a university after all. Food court, Dr. office on the same floor. Bright and clean (you have to know by now I am a major clean freak) I am on campus a few times a week and almost always cruse the student union..
5	Just want to say to the person that told me to stop spamming UNLV.. Uh, hello it is Yelp, I take pictures and write reviews, that is what we Yelpers do.. What about the people that are looking for a college to send their kid to, and UNLV is on the "look at list" I'm pretty sure they like seeing pictures of the campus, as well as reading reviews.. That is what Yelp is for..So again it is a college and while that is not exciting for some, it is for others, and good for you (college is good for you) so expand your mind and get in class UNLV is waiting for you!
3	Overall this place needs more seating.This place is more than just a food stop though. On the first floor they have a game room, very lackluster but if you're easily entertained with ping pong you should be fine. Furthermore, on the second floor they have a student lounge, a computer lab, and many meeting rooms of which you can reserve.The busiest time here is lunch. The union is equipped with a jamba juice, starbucks, metro pizza, subway, panda express, taco bell, and a new sushi place. So they do have a nice variety.Seriously though, if this place was bigger I'd bump it up to four stars. I don't mind this place being loud, but I do mind if I can't eat my food without being bumped into every second.Pro tip: Microwave & free scantron at the front desk. Oh and tax free if you use your rebelcard. So load that baby up with $$.
5	Well, it's the college student union--pretty much a place where students can sit back and relax.Now I don't know how other college students are like since I've never set foot in an out-of-state campus before, but according to my UNC Charlotte friend, he tells me that his university's student union is similar to ours but just more circular in the architecture.The choices for food are decent; you have Panda Express, Subway, and Taco Bell which may pass for 'healthy foods'. Then there's Metro Pizza, which is a little overpriced for pizza but they are tasty.For those staying behind to do some last-minute studying or trying to get through the next class at ass-hours in the morning, there is a Starbucks as well to serve your caffeine needs.Unlike the other reviews on here, I find the addition of the Game room to be satisfying. You can come here to play table tennis, or chill with the UNLV Game Club every Friday (I may be biased since I'm part of the club, but their addition of video games, board games and party games is amazing as well as the people you meet).There is also a theatre here, but I hardly visit it. You can catch a show every now and then.The second levels seem mainly reserved for other club meetings, which makes it convenient since it's near all the food establishments. Sometimes, people would nap in these rooms, although the background music that blares on the speakers makes it hard for one to pass out.There used to be a coupon booth on the first floor where you can get discounts on the food, but sadly it is no longer there.
3	If I can try to avoid it, I try not to go to the Student Union during the weekday. The Student Union has a ton of services and food places, which is great, but it's also incredibly busy during "lunch" hours. Finding a place to sit down and eat, or study, can be tricky because a lot of times it feels like everyone and their mother are occupying the seats. When I do go to the Student Union, whether it's for food or to visit the bank, I like to be in and out as quickly as possible. That's right, there's a US Bank in there. There are ATMs for other banks as well, but there is an actual bank which is great if you belong to US Bank. Not only that, but there are also student-related offices within the building, like if you need to get a Rebel card or if you belong to a student organization.Pizza - There's a place that sells pizza, but I never go, so I'm not going to even try and review it.Salad -  The salads are big and there's several options of what to add in it, from meats to vegetables to salad dressings. The salad also comes with bread. Not too expensive.Subway - It's a Subway. If you've been to one, you've been to them all.Taco Bell - It's a Taco Bell. If you've been to one, you've been to them all. However, this Taco Bell opens up later than the other food places in Student Union.Sushi - The sushi is expensive, but sometimes you're in the mood for sushi or udon. The ones I've tried were yummy, so I don't mind paying for it every so often.Panda Express - It's a Panda Express.Jamba Juice - It's a Jamba Juice. The people behind the counter are friendly and sometimes there is a line, but it goes by pretty fast.Starbucks - I rarely go here, but all I can say is that when I do pass by the Starbucks, there is always a huge line that trails out of the Starbucks.
5	Library is closed. Happy Fathers Day! Still have to study for summer midterm tomorrow.. So this is a good place to study..
5	I recently held a meeting for an organization I am affiliated with at UNLV's Student Union. I had an extremely positive experience both in booking the conference room and hosting the meeting with UNLV.I worked with Suzie and Lonnie in actually booking the room. Both were always very pleasant, informative, and helpful in selecting the best room for our event and equipping our room with everything we would need to have a successful event. While I did not venture far into the campus, the Student Union itself is great. While we did not cater food, the Student Union has an array of fast food/dining options on the floor level for your guests to choose from. There is also other restaurants and coffee spots across the street.Our conference room was set up perfectly and was very comfy. I believe that all of us had a very positive experience throughout the meeting. I would highly recommend this place!
5	Newton studies here,Newton eats here,Newton fills up his water bottle here,Newton drinks good Starbucks here,Newton have Panda Express and Metro Pizza here,
4	I love the student union, but i wish there were more comfortable chairs to sit in and more places to eat
