3	While I was car shopping, I came here to check the place out.  I've been by it a zillion times since I live right down the street from it.  I was greeted by a salesman, and eventually, he sucked me in for 2 hours of my life that I cannot get back.  I ended up pruchasing from a different dealership, but when the salesman found out (becuase I told him point blank) he got quite pissed off and yelled at me.  Whateves, your a car salesman.  get over it. The only reason I gave them 3 stars instead of 1 star and a scathing review (due to the evil car salesman) was because I just had my car serviced there and the service dept was great.Becuase this place is close to my house, I will probably continue to go here for service only.  As for purchasing, I doubt I would ever purchase from here after the car salesman experience I had here earlier this month.
1	We just received a discharge letter for our chapter 13 bankruptcy after working hard for 35 months to pay off all our debt...and now the junk mail is piling in...to help us get back in debt again...duhh.This is an ABUSE of public record and companies like Riverside Nissan, who is the first offender in the barrage of junk mail, should be ASHAMED of themselves for sinking so low.Luckily my husband and I became aquainted with Dave Ramsey during our Bankruptcy Blues, and will hopefully not make the same mistakes of purchasing large ticket items we can't afford again...CASH IS KING, Baby :)
1	U can go there n check the car out. If u wanna buy 1 there? That's wrong move! If u even want a car service from there? U made a biggest mistake of ur life!! I had 1 time asked my girlfriend to take my car there for an oil service, guess what? They ripped my girlfriend off by lying how bad my car is now. If without fixing the problem. Might bring some serious accident. Then she did what they said. 4 brand new tires, timing belt, 4 new brake pads. U know why's the worst? All of those above I had just changed 2 months before!!! What a trashy dealer is that? People, better off go somewhere!
1	It breaks my heart to give a one star review, but here we go:  On one trip I had some basic repairs done to my car and the rep told me it wasn't covered under warranty.  I saved hundreds of dollars by putting my foot down and telling him I wouldn't pay till he looked up my warranty. Today a salesman called me trying to get me to buy some new wheels because my car is over 97K miles.  I politely declined saying I'm very happy with my current ride, and "Nissans go on forever".  He continued the sales pitch by asking me if I have any money.  Bad, Riverview, bad!  OK, that's all.
5	This review is strictly about Riverview Nissan's service department.  I brought my vehicle in for a second opinion after another dealer quoted me $1,100 for repairs.  They looked at it and found the other dealer trying to fix something that wasn't broken.  Dustin who is the customer rep is honest and great to deal with.  I left not having to spend $1 for repairs.  I've also had them repair my car a couple times prior and they did a good job and prices were reasonable.  This dealership is 25 minutes past a closer Nissan Dealership to me, but it's worth the drive for an honest service rep.
2	I went into this dealership looking for a new car as I had recently totaled my vehicle. Because the auto loan for my totaled vehicle still appeared on my credit (I had only had the accident a week or so earlier) even though the loan was in good standing the salesman said I did not qualify for a loan with them .... to make a long story short I found an 09 Cube (Krom trim level) with 5k miles on it and every thing I wanted for 14k ... that's $3,000 less than ANY of the cubes on Riverviews lot and in addition the dealership I did buy my car from didn't even flinch over the other loan being on my credit. I have been using the service department at Riverview because it's close to my office. The first time I took it in I had a coupon they had emailed to me for $25 for an oil change, tire rotation, and something else. When I checked out the paperwork didn't reflect the tire rotation had been done so I called the gentleman that had been helping me to get clarification on the matter and he never called me back : / I do continue to get my car serviced there and I haven't had any real problems with them. My car is actually going in for it's 18,750 mile service and a windshield replacement on Thursday so I'll be sure to update on how well or not that goes.
4	Since I last visited this place, my experiences have improved tremendously.  I go here for all of my service needs on my Sentra, and its been absolutely awesome.  The salesman that I initally had a bad experience with I do not think works there any more, and the guys that Ive talked to since have been really nice and helpful.As I said earlier, I primarily go here for my service, and all the guys in there are helpful, fun and seem to know thier stuff.  My experience here has greatly improved, and will continue to come here for all of my needs with my nissan for as long as I have the car.
1	When I first got my Maxima I would have given them 5 stars as Eric the service guy was great at getting my car in and giving me a loaner if I needed it. But how the times have changed.This was first and last Nissan ever, coming from a German Marquee that was $$$ to repair, my Maxima was always in the shop for items that American Cars are known for falling apart. "Nissans go on forever"? Not this car.My Maxima had 69k miles when I bought it, low miles in my op. I had Riverview fix the master cylinder for my 6 speed transmission. Then I had them fix the plastic tensioner issue that Nissan knows about. Within 2 months of getting this Maxima I spent over $1500 to fix these items. Up to this point they would have gotten 5 stars. It rained one day and my moonroof started to leak like crazy, I called up Eric and left him a message stating that I needed to get my car in because of the moonroof leaking. I never received a call back, I left 2 more messages. No calls backs at all. I was like hmmm, so I looked up the issue online to see if other Maxima other have experienced this issue. Not suprising there had been a recall on the rubber gasket that is around the moonroof. I had to call Nissan Corporate to file a complaint on Riverview for not checking out my car. Nissan Corporate themselves are a joke, they acknowledged that my car had the gasket replaced but that I would charged a fee to have the moonroof checked out by another dealership. Recalled part that is not correctly fixed and I have to pay a fee at another dealership? I asked Nissan Corporate to have the Service Manager give me a call and tell me why I can't even get my car in for service. At this point if I could give River a -5 they would get it, the Douchebag Service Manager, doesnt even comment on why Eric has not returned my calls, instead he proceeds to say that my car was invloved in a car accident? And that's why I am experiencing the issues I am. Clean Car Fax states other wise, pointless why he even stated this. I knew at this point I bought the wrong car and the Riverview was a waste of time. I will say Eric was a pretty great guy and I dont know why I never received callbacks but after this expereince, Riverview gets a fail.
