5	Just discovered this place a few weeks ago and have been thinking about this place ever since!Located in the shopping center with Chipotle and Buffalo Wild Wings. Parking in the main area gets full but additional parking can be found on the side of Buffalo Wild Wings.I love love LOOOOVE Patty's Closet. It is a cute little boutique styled store. They said they carry only 6 of each product. So, if they run out of a size, they most likely won't have one in the back. Unlike shopping at Forever21, Wet Seal, Charlotte Russe, you probably won't see other girls wearing the same thing as you if you shop at Patty's!Pricing is VERY affordable. Being a boutique, I thought prices would have been at least $40 and up for a blouse. But, most of their things are around $25 or so! Plus, they give you a card that gives you, I believe 10 or 20% off one item! And you can use this coupon EVERYTIME you go!The girls who work there are very very friendly! If its your first time, they make sure to explain to you what they are all about! When I was trying on clothes, they always check up on you to see if you need another size, etc.I have yet to visit the rainbow and cimmaron locations but I am told that all the locations carry different things. And luckily, the rainbow and cimmaron locations are not too far from each other.
1	Took the girls there and basically they said all the clothes was ugly or for grandmas. The girl seemed to have a little attitude on her that a guy came with the ladies to shop. Basically it was like a expensive thrift store with clothes that would normally be at the bottom of your closet. Unless your really bored or in the mood to be disappointed I wouldn't go. Maybe Patty needs to get a clue what is in right now and definitely fire the little skank at the register.
5	This Patty's Closet location is one of three fabulous fashion boutiques under the same brand name, and it's also known as the Purple Store. One of my favorite things about this Patty's Closet is the dressing room area. One of the rooms has a cute chair with a Union Jack flag on it, and I hear Patty re-designed that chair herself! I love the overall layout of the store and how it's all merchandised by color. It's super easy to shop. So, say you are looking for something in blue, all the blue fashion is grouped together. So, you don't have to rummage through rack after rack finding the blue fashion. It's all organized for you!And as is the case with all Patty's Closet, the fashion is totally affordable. Sign up for Patty's Closet text messages, and you can get discount coupons. That comes in really handy if you are shopping on a budget.
3	Ive gone to two of the various locations in Vegas. Theyre decorated and organized nicely. The staff is super helpful as well. Both locations have various options of tops and dresses in all sorts of colors for a cheap price. That being said, the quality isn't all too great. The clothing isn't very stretchy. I would have rated it higher if they carried size XL and if the styles were alittle more sophisticated. But I really do like that they sometimes feature local designers' jewelry for sale. I still prefer Forever 21.
4	I love cute little boutiques such as Patty's Closet. This particular store is always organized, clean, and has my size! I wouldn't say I fall in love with every item they carry, but I can always count on finding a gem or two for an incredibly reasonable price. I have also been impressed with their service on each visit. The girl working always offers feedback and helps me make a decision if I am hung up on several items. Just recently I found a gorgeous, solid quality dress for $27..with my yelp check in discount it came to $24 total! That was a steal. Patty's Closet has a great selection of clothes for different styles with affordable prices and great customer service.Also, I love reading (probably fake) reviews from people crying about their $20 dress being "poor" quality. I can understand over paying for poor quality items (bebe) and whining about it..but if i paid $20 bucks for a dress and it falls apart, I am not going to cry about it.
4	I stumbled upon Patty's Closet after getting my eyebrows waxed one fine morning. I honestly didn't even know we had one in our area. I had heard about them from Mercedes on Mix 94.1 but never cared to stop in (mainly because I was too fat to shop there). Now that I have lost 80 pounds...don't mind if I do ;)The associate asked me if I had ever shopped there before and when I said "no" she gave me a little lesson on how it all works. They carry two of each size, in each design (i.e. 2 smalls, 2 mediums & 2 larges). The biggest size they have is a large. They never reorder the same pieces, so if they run out of your size in that particular style then you snooze you lose!The clothes are arranged in color coded areas. All of the clothes are at the front of the store, there's awesome funky pieces of jewelry in the middle of the store (think chunky rings, necklaces & bracelets), spandex items and belts on the side of the store, shoes in the back left and two dressing rooms on the back right. Speaking of the dressing rooms - they are so roomy and cute! I absolutely loved how they were decorated in a shabby chic look! I wanted to sneak some of the decor out for my own house :) The two associates were super sweet and helpful. I don't know what's the "in trend" right now and I don't really know how to dress since losing weight so they were very helpful in helping me select the perfect outfit that complimented my figure. I ended up getting a red & white stripped maxi dress (with an open back), a bandeau top for underneath and a thick, white belt for the dress...all for under $50! Yay!The only thing I was a tad annoyed with is as soon as I touched a rack of clothes, or flipped through them and moved on to the next rack, the associate was literally right behind me fixing the hangers and perfectly spacing them again. It made me feel like I was a bull in a China shop...like I shouldn't be touching anything. I only docked 1 star for this because I chalked it up to boredom. I also think this will be a hit or miss kinda store. I'll either find a bunch of stuff I love or I'll hate everything there. I'm kinda old school and a lot of stuff that's "hot" right now isn't my cup 'o tea but that doesn't mean it doesn't work for others. Check 'em out ladies!
