5	When the gas prices went to $4 a gallon, we determined that we could pay for the cost of a motorcycle and its operation and save about $100 a month over driving to work every day.When shopping for a bike, every shop recommended Team Arizona training. While the prices looked a little steep at first, we quickly found out why these classes come so highly recommended. After less than a week, we left feeling confident about our knowledge and control of the bikes and a certificate that allowed us to waive the MVD tests.There were several people in our class that had been riding from several years to 17 years and they all said that they learned something new from the class, so even experienced riders and benefit and become safer.We look forward to taking more advanced classes as we gain experience.Update: We have since taken two more classes at Team Arizona and have lost count of the number of times what we learned in class has saved our hides out on the road. Over 15,000 miles of riding and still loving it.
3	I've taken TEAM's BRC (beginner rider course) and IRC (advanced rider course) and both had excellent on bike instruction. The excersizes are taken from the Motorcycle Safety Foundation and are the same as any other company which teaches the MSF course. The classroom instructor I had was an arrogant dickhead who spent a majority of the class talking about his own stories. He was quick to shoot down questions, and at one point actually heard a kid ask a question and dismissed him saying it was not a situation that would happen. I wish I could remember what it was, but a few people in the class wanted an answer. oh well. After my first accident, I decided to take this course, and I'm very happy that I did, as I feel a much more confident rider now. They are a little spendy, and most courses require you to get up at ass o'clock in the morning, but overall a good experience.
5	This was a great experience.  I had never ridden before.  I felt very confident after taking the course.  Both my classroom instructor and riding coaches were supportive and provided technique tips to improve my riding. I can't imagine learning to ride on the streets without this class and encourage all potential riders to take it.
3	How many of you want to learn how to ride a motorcycle, dirt bike or a scooter? Come on let me see those hands. Don't be shy. (insert sales pitch now) I always wanted to learn how to ride a motorcycle. Although, mommies know best. I took a chance, now that I'm over 21 and have health insurance. LOL T.E.A.M Arizona Motorcyclist Training Centers has different locations throughout Arizona and provides introduction, basic, intermediate, advanced courses, plus more. The prices may appear pricey but it's worth every dollar. Check out the website for more details. Curious as to which course I took? I took the basic rider course. 5 hours classroom including tests and 10 hours riding skill development. Bonus: Successful completion of the BRC exempts students from knowledge and skill tests at the MVD. As much as I want to go into detail. I figure it be best for YOU to go and experience this for yourself. I passed the written and riding test. And my license has the motorcycle endorsement. But I will say that I had no prior experience. And I can't wait to get my own motorcycle to become better acquainted with the road.
4	I bought a bike 1 week before taking the course, and only drove around my neighborhood to figure it out.  This course did a lot to teach about safety and how best to react to certain situations.  The driving portion is tricky when you try something for the first time but they are great at allowing practice and telling you the right techniques.  I took it in August which is not the best weather when wearing a helmet, long pants, boots, gloves, and a long sleeve shirt.  The best part about it is you take your course completion form to the DMV and a few minutes later you get a new license.  If you don't own a motorcycle, how would you pass the driving test anyway?  Icing on the cake is that certain Insurances will provide a discount (Progressive is one) with completion of the course.
5	I registered for the Beginner course here after several recommendations from experienced riders. I was/am getting into the scooter or motorcycle market and took the advice that it's best to figure out one's confidence level before buying.Boy am I glad I took this course!There are a variety of schedule configurations you can sign up for, but I took one that met all day Saturday and Sunday. The morning hours were classroom instruction, culminating in a written exam. The afternoon hours were riding, culminating in a skills evaluation. Passing those allows you to waive the testing requirements at the MVD to get your motorcycle license or endorsement.That's really the least of the benefits, though. The instructors were fantastic--really knowledgeable and positive people. Hell, fun to be around, even. They use an incremental approach to get your confidence up and build slowly up to riding. Before you know it, you're cruising all over the course, turning, swerving, weaving, braking, and so on. They teach you all kinds of stuff you would never figure out on your own. Did you know there are at least three methods of turning a motorcycle depending on speed and situation?The other students were cool as well, for the most part. Mixture of experienced riders, new riders, younger, and older. Of course, the sportbike kids who talked about all their awesome riding experience, how light and powerful their bikes are, etc. are the ones who dropped bikes on the course and had trouble passing objectives.On the way out the door, I has already discarded the notion of buying a scooter (unsafe at the speeds I would travel) and was confident of my ability to ride a basic motorcycle without killing myself.Worth the price? Unquestionably. How much is your life worth? Surely more than $200.
2	Let me start out by saying if you are looking for a well proven course on motorcycle safety, look no further. The training is broken into stages . Each stage is well paced, informative with plenty of hands on with a motorcycle. The motorcycles they put you on are small but well maintained and they get the job done. the riding coaches are very knowledgeable and patient. The best in the business!  Now the reasons I'm giving 2 stars. The class room instructor starts the class explaining that this is a adult learning environment and everyone will be treated like adults. He then procceeds to spend the next 3 days calling everyone "boys and girls". He masters being condescending, rude and arrogant . His demeaner is that of a prison guard with the crabs. If you want to spend $300 and then have some douche talk down to you, this is the place! Beside that, the course is 2 thumbs up.
5	It's 9.22 am on Monday morning having spent Saturday and Sunday with Team Arizona on the Beginner Rider course and I already have my Motorcycle license endorsement!The Saturday & Sunday course couldn't have been better run or more enjoyable. The riding coaches, Kevin and Jim made the days fun and easy to learn. I would recommend this for anyone wanting to become a rider of motorcycles or scooters. Great value for money and these guys deliver the goods!
5	I rode self-taught for a number of years without an endorsement. Yeah, I know. How stupid can you get? I bought a new bike and finally wised up and decided to do it right this time. I enrolled for the course and can't believe how much I learned! The instructors took every piece of the course and broke it down into really easily digestible chunks. They were more than accommodating to a number of skill levels, too. I un-learned a lot of bad habits, as well. I feel like I have a much healthier respect for riding, as well as a much better skill set to keep me safer out there. Kevin was my instructor, and he made the whole course that much more fun and informative.
4	Took the Intro class, as I've only been a passenger before and was curious about being the driver. Good class--about an hour/hour and a half of class time and then about 2-2.5 hours on the outside course.Instructors were patient, explained everything and there was more than one (Sarah, Ferrell, and John), which helped with our class size. Covers all the basics, as we had a wide range of skill sets. Let me tell you, there's a lot to learn, remember, and things need to work together (hands, eyes, feet...brain). Little overwhelming at first, but everyone's patient and you do the skills repeatedly. By the end of the class, you have a grasp of what it's all about. Not bad for never leaving 1st gear!There was also a beginner class happening on another course. Looked like they were all doing really well and on their way to getting their endorsement. Also looks like the school offers a wide variety of classes--from beginning, to advanced, to racing.
5	Thank you T.E.A.M Arizona!!I can not imagine getting on a motorcycle without you. Your rider coach's are great and full of knowledge. Last weekend was an intense two days of instruction and learning that I know will pay off and make me a safer rider. I can not wait to get a little experience and take the next course you have to offer.  If you are thinking of getting your motorcycle endorsement, you would be crazy to do it with out these guys.!!! I am just saying.
5	Decided to take the three half day's course versus the 2 longer day course.  Just thought two 10 hour days would be a bit of a grind.  The 3 half day course was perfect. We had a blast and enjoyed the classroom and the two riding days.  Well laid out course syllabus and curriculum starts you from a and takes you to z as far a basic techniques to ride safe.  The poor folks that got offended by the "girls & boy's" inclusion, REALLY!  Maybe you should have started the day with a massage! There is a lot of material and skills to achieve to a certain standard within a designated allotted time.  All the participants in our class had no problem reaching and achieving the goals and we had a fun time learning what we came for.  The instructor was very observant and instructive in "coaching" individual performance (very personable) yet direct, what more can you ask for?  Overall, well worth money, time & effort if you are wanting to enhance or learn safe motorcycle riding techniques.  Money well spent if you are going to ride and don't have any formal training.  Overall, it was a BLAST!
5	I went to TEAM AZ in August 2011. I had such a great experience I had to write a review about my experience. I attended the school because I could receive my Motorcycle licence after just a 3 day class. During the three days I was prepared with knowledge to be a safe rider in every situation. They brought me from an experienced person who has never been on a bike before to a rider with the tools and knowledge to make good and safe decisions on the road. After my three day class I felt more prepared as a rider than the other bikers who have been on the road for years. This was confirmed by a fellow classmate who had been riding for 30 years who also wanted to get their licence quickly after class (you can go straight to DMV and get the moto endorsement). The veteran rider said she learned things to make even her a safer rider. Overall my experience at TEAM AZ Gilbert was very positive, I attribute my safe riding half a year later to the class I took in August, and I would enjoy doing business with them again in the future.
5	I had never ridden a motorcycle before (except as a passenger) and after two days of a good mix of classroom and hands on training I have a great skill set that I can build on with practice to get better.  The Rider Coaches (what they call their instructors) are very detail oriented and give great worthwhile feedback.  My class had Kevin and Jim as the Rider Coaches and both were extremely knowledgeable, genuinely cared about our safety and knowledge/skill acquisition (of the tools to be safe!), and made the experience a lot of fun.  Just a side note to anyone rating T.E.A.M. Arizona lower that 5 stars because of the instructors being "rude":  constructive criticism is given often and at first might make you feel like you are stupid.  Get used to it- if you are taking this class than you ARE stupid in the ways of motorcycles (at least at first) and you should recognize that and take any criticism they give you because they are trying to prevent you from becoming a statistic.  Tons of fun and I recommend taking the Beginner Rider Course!
5	I learned to drive a motorcycle here, I felt very safe and skilled. I even got my wife an introductory class here and she loved it too.
5	I'll be honest...I had little faith that the staff at Team Arizona could transform me from a passenger that had never operated a motorcycle (or any other vehicle with a clutch), to a licensed motorcycle operator in a matter of two short days.  I'll be damned, they did it!I took the Motorcycle Safety Course at the Go AZ location in Scottsdale and could not have been more impressed with instructors (Nick and Kevin), the course or the location.  Five hours in the classroom and ten hours on the range provided me with knowledge and skills to safely operate a motorcycle.  Of course I am not going to head off on a 1000 mile ride this weekend, but I feel confident and ready to hop on a bike and cruise around town to get some more practice in.If you have ever considered getting your motorcycle endorsement, I highly encourage you to contact Team Arizona.  They will provide you with a solid foundation on which to begin your motorcycling adventure.
5	What a great company. I have been going to the TEAM AZ bike night (2nd Wendesday of every month at Sidewinder Subs in Gilbert) for about a year now and it is a great time. At a recent one I won a free Advanced Riding Techniques class, something I had wanted to take for a long time.I took the class a few weeks ago and it was fantastic. I feel like my riding skill improved way beyond what I had expected. We worked body positioning, emergency stopping, cornering, trail braking and obstacle avoidance. It was a lot packed into 1 day.My instructors Kevin and Michelle were fantastic giving great feedback, keeping things fun while still filling our heads with a ton of knowledge. The class was done at TeamAZ's facility in gilbert and most of the time was spend out on the practice range on the bikes after doing some in class work first. The exercises were fun and built up skills upon each other. As we progressed I could feel my confidence building and my riding improving.I highly recommend taking classes with Team AZ for both new and experienced riders. I am now itching to go take the Total Control classes with them.
5	Taking the basic rider class at the GOAZ Scottsdale location. [Thats next to the Scottsdale Harley Davison Dealer].  Michelle and Craig were a great coaching team working with a class of 12 that included some that never rode a motorcycle before with even a few that never operated a clutch before. They made learning fun, and easy.  Nothing to intimidated about. So this course is great for everyone even if you already know how to ride and just need your license.
5	My husband recently did this course (he's not a yelper) and loved it!! He found it to be extremely helpful as a new rider and has since fallen in love with riding his new motorcycle.  Thankful that they have these classes to help build up rider confidence and establish a knowledge of safety when it comes to riding!
5	I am a new rider who recently completed the Basic Rider Course.  I was having problems riding on the freeway particularly with cornering at 50 mph and even driving more than 50 mph on the freeway when the wind is 16 mph or higher.  It was scary and I only did it in the wee morning hours when no one was around.  I took a 2 hour private lesson with Bill Seltzer to help me with the high speed cornering.  He was patient on helping me work on my turns and cornering and gave constructive feedback, which is always helpful when one is in  the learning phase.  It's always good to have someone who will work with you, instead of against you during training.  Bill was definitely working with me.  He seems like a real nice person.  I was able to improve my technique and cornering.But really it takes a lot of personal practice keeping in mind all the pointers Bill gave during training.  Bill reinforced the points he taught by helping me evaluate and think through the training allowing me to make my own adjustments as needed.  Within a few days, I have been riding with normal traffic during daytime cornering at 70-75 mph on the freeway with cars sandwiching me on both sides.  The speed was needed to keep up with normal traffic.  lol.  It was no longer scary but now quite fun.  In fact, instead of fearing for my life, I am having fun and and quite meditative now when riding on the freeway.I have also been able to do really solid tight turns at 25 - 45 mph in non-freeway traffic.  Its really fun to turn that tight and that accurate.  Bill has really helped me improve my skills dramatically in a short time.  I look forward to taking some more lessons from him in the future.
5	I just finished a Basic Rider Course with Grey instructing the classroom portion, then he and Bruce as the riding coaches during the practical sessions.  They both were very professional, knowledgeable, encouraging, and patient with everyone.  It actually was amazing that half the class had never even been on a bike before and by the end of the second day they passed the DMV written and skills tests and qualified to get their endorsements.  Having ridden years ago I thought the class would likely be just rehash what I already knew but I was learning new things about riding nearly immediately.  I would recommend the course to anyone who has never been on a bike before, or as in my case, if you've spent an extended period out of the saddle.  The equipment was in good condition, I will definitely go back with my own bike in the future to work on some of the techniques with my own gear.
