4	Chez Bong, an awesomely small, intimate KBBQ (Korean BBQ) makes me happy. We arrived a little late (1 PM) for our reservation but the place was close to empty, and essentially ours. Wood walls and Korean pop music greeted us.We ordered KBBQ (prices were average), and selected our meats, then two portable BBQ grills were brought out. Our server (Davina) got us an assortment of marinated meats (chicken, beef, and pork), cooking them on the grills, periodically flipping each morsel over. Onions and pepper slices were placed directly on the grill for us too. The bulgogi was good, not too sweet; everything was delicious. This is leisurely cooking for sure, not crazy-fast.Wish they had a greater variety of banchan - we received three plates: greens, slaw, and kimchi. Bowls of a slightly-spicy, tangy soup, as well as lettuce, were also brought out. Take-out is offered but we cleaned our plates. Friendly Mrs. Bong Lim Lee, the owner, processed our credit cards.Chez Bong was a welcome reprieve from a rainy morning. (Heck, we smelled like BBQ when we left. Yum.) Recommended.
4	Two words, Kim Chee. Two more words, Korean BBQ. My husband having lived in Korea for a number of years, nearly fell out his chair when he tried the kim chee. It's the real deal, not the half-marinated napa cabbage they call kim chee in the U.S. My friend that was with us had been craving the self-cook Korean BBQ since the one in her town had closed a few years back. The restaurant is on the outskirts of the Chinese Quarter on a lower level from the street and a bit easy to overlook if you're not looking for it. The interior is unassuming, typical Chinese Quarter decor. There are two BBQ tables and the rest are standard dining table. The service is competent and efficient. The food is very good. We received 3 banchan of pickled julienne radish, kim chee, and a savory marinated potato. We ordered 2 additional dishes of kim chee, it was that good. We even purchased some kim chee to go!The prices were really good compared to Korean restaurants in the U.S. We will definitely come back to Chez Bong the next time we visit Montreal.
5	Very good quality and taste! Stopped here for dinner on a Sunday night. Ordered the Jap Chae, Dumpling Appetizer and Bulgogi ti share between my husband and I. The traditional side dishes were more then enough to fill-us-up, the jap chae was just right, the bulgogi was the most succulent, tender and easy to eat beef I've had in a Korean restaurant in a LONG time... Well done! We tipped this family heavily for the excellent service!
4	Chez Bong has been around for 8yrs!!!I've passed by so many times and never even gave it a second look. One night I stopped in front of the window to see what's up...Eventhough it's a small restaurant, and a bit on the dingy side as are most Chinatown restaurants, it has quite an extensive menu... Like you would see in a small NYC joint or Vegas...That's when I decided to try it out. Having tried out few Korean places in mtl, I was not expecting much. Korean food in mtl is sorely under represented...But Bong turned out very well. You only get 3 side dishes here, a bit on the lesser side. Other places usually average 4-7 a couple of places in NYC give u up to 12. Although there's only 3, they are all exceptional, marinated potatoes with sesame oil, pickled dicon radish and Kim chee.We had four dishes, pajeon, short ribs BBQ, beef broth soup and nakgi bokkeum.By far the best dish in the house is pajeon (korean pancake)!!! crispy on the outside, I think it's the first time I've had crispy paed jun. Inside it's cooked through but soft, not pasty like you get sometimes, in some places, you know, you've had it before... This is the best pajeon I've ever hadThe second best dish here is the beef broth soup, wow the broth is very very fragrant, this stuff has been brewed by someone's grandma with lots of time on her hands...The waitress told us it is broth is kept brewing all day until it is served... the flavor is all there, reminds me of Pho...Korean beef broth soup is an acquired taste, I usually find it too bland, but this place makes it nice. You know the soup is good when you're happy just sipping the broth...oh yeah the soup had dumplings in it too if you were wondering, but really the broth shines.The nakgi bokkeum (squid in spicy sauce) was disapointing, since it's actually one of my fav korean dish, i was hoping to find go to nakgi bokkeum in mtl, and not have to go to nyc for it. But sadly this one is just a little on the sweet side. And the squid was a bit tough...The BBQ was good but average, frankly all bbq tastes the same, the ones that stand out are grilled on wood charcoal, which gives it a nice smokey flavor. Sadly this one wasn't grilled on charcoal...other than that, it's hella cheap and definitely a good eat, and comforting. It's enough to hit the spot when i crave korean, now i don't have to go to nyc and LA for good korean. next up I will try the bibimbap and the jiggae
2	Popped here to this quaint little basement restaurant. Service was a bit of a miss - the waiter kinda felt like he was busying all over and not that attentive and really rushed our order, wanting to swipe the menus back off our hands. Foodwise, was so so, the BBQ beef was quite tasty, the other hot and spicy tofu soup was rather bland and an instant noodle could've been more flavoursome.The atmosphere is reasonable with the aforementioned wood panels and it would be good to come with friends. Portions were kinda small too and the sides of kimchi etc were put out for all of us to share - we felt cheated out of more here.Service charge of 15% was automatically added to the bill and appears to be calculated on the post tax amount. Not sure if this is right or custom but there we go. We won't be coming back here.
4	Very basic Korean food but nonetheless excellent. I went there for Bulgogi, pancakes, BBQ and of course the sides dishes. But not worries, you will have plenty of other choices. Moreover, the restaurant feels very familial, very simple and the service was very friendly. Note that I went there on a late weekend afternoon and did not wait long at all. I never felt like writing such a straightforward review before and it makes sense to do so for such a simply good spot such as Bong. Perhaps one of the best Korean spots in Montreal after all.
4	The food here was very good, and I would certainly go back.  I tried the korean-style pancake appetizer, which was delicious, and the bibimbap which didn't disappoint either.Service was fast; great for a work-week lunch.
5	We came to Montreal for a conference, ate at Chez Bong the first day and then went back the next because it was so much better than anything else we tried while we were there, in Chinatown and in the convention center district. Delicious Bibimbap. Cozy, with nice wood paneling on the walls. Very friendly.
4	The best Korean place i have found in Montreal so far.Went there 2 times and it was delicious.  Staff is friendly and service is quick.  They have BBQ (but not all you can eat) and all kinds of Korean dish.  The Kimchi is very good.Too bad, they don't have Hite beers...   Love that Korean beer.  The only thing missing to make it a 5.
4	This place has a soft spot in my heart because it was the first Korean restaurant experience I ever had in Montreal. Though it's not completely authentic (My Korean friend told me it wasn't) it's worth trying. I always order their jap chae, kimchi jigae, bibimbap or the meat dishes. The service is always good, the waitresses/waiter are friendly. The decor feels very homey with everything wooden even the walls. It's more expensive than the other restaurants in Chinatown, but not by much. I usually go here to eat when I am in Chinatown, so definitely stop by this place if you don't feel like eating Vietnamese/Chinese food.
3	PROS:1. The food is authentic Korean. They provide complimentary banchan (side dishes) whereas 5000 ans does not. I always get one of their stews (totally subjective preference) which never disappoint. If you're a newb to Korean food, I'd suggest the Gamjatang (which everyone usually likes), seafood pancake, Jjajangmyun, bibimbap, or BBQ which are all usual crowd pleasers.2. The service is by Koreans so you know the food should have that certain taste which I personally find is sometimes lacking with non-Korean owned restos like Bulgogi House. 3. The decor inside is typical of a small Korean resto with bamboo all over the walls and wood tables. OVERALL:-Great place for Korean downtown at cheap prices.-I would recommend this place for Korean over 5000 ans or Atti. -I give it an A-OK because compared to restos in Korea, I've definitely had better and wait to see a Korean restaurant raise the bar in MTL.NOTE*: They have a new location on Stanley which I recently visited. Menu choices were very disappointing and I would NOT recommend that particular Chez Bong.
2	Passing through town. Craving Korean. Read the reviews. If this is one of the better places in Montreal, I feel sorry for you Montreal. Yikes! I'm Korean and I travel alot. And have to say I was really disappointed. The broth for the soft tofu stew was flavorful but not spicy enough. Had bits of seafood and pork and minimal veggies. Not even a green onion. It was a very poor man's stew. Rice didn't have enough water when they prepared it and was under-cooked and left in the rice cooker to dry out even further. It was the kind of rice my father would say just rolls around in the mouth because it's too hard. Side dish of potato and kimchee was sad. Really? That's all? Was there for an early dinner and no one else was there. Young college age boy was serving and never came by to see if I needed a refill of the meager side dishes. Asked for some crushed red pepper to punch up the stew and the lady in the kitchen asked the server what I did with it. He told her in Korean I added it to the stew. Well duhhhh. What else would I have done with it? I may try the other Korean places next time I come through but I may just hold off on my craving until I get to New York next time. Sorry Montreal. This was a big failure in my book.Too bad you can't do 1.5 star. The place was relatively clean.
5	Amazing! I had a veggie and caalmari dish and my dining partner had a hot stone bowl filled with rice, veggies and meat. SO delicious and very budget friendly.
4	Not the finest Korean food I've ever had but certainly quite good! Homemade and down to earth. More like something you would get t a friend's house.  Other reviewers seem unnecessarily critical. Sure, it's not dinner at the Ritz but it's still pretty darn good!
3	We had lunch here and it was pretty good. The bulgogi was a little seared which meant it tasted a little bit more like metal that I would have liked. Prices were OK but then even rice was an unexpected add on. Plus we sat right next to a TV blaring k-pop videos the whole time. Overall I wanted to like this place more than I ended up liking it.
3	Its downstairs so look for the signDecent Korean foodI had the Dolsot Bibimbap and Gun Man Doo (fried dumplings)It was good and a small selection of traditional sidesHey its just fast food!
2	Not even close to Korean food.  Just because they have Koreans working does not mean its authentic food.  Not enough side dishes. Food was ok. But I guess for Montreal it's fine
5	Came here for an early lunch on a Wed from the convention center. Service was fast, attentive, and friendly. The cook came out to say hello, also, and that made us feel really special. I had been craving stonepot bibimbap, and this hit the spot perfectly (esp for $8.99). I just wish i could come back here and sample more of their offering. My friends enjoyed their bulgogi and green onion/shrimp pancakes. Serving sizes were perfect for no leftovers, and three side dishes were offered.
4	Amazing food for the price. You either get marinated meat that is really tasty and perfectly cooked, or a stone bowl with sizzling stuff that is a bit spicy and delicious, or a soup that is literally bowling and looked great. That restaurant located in a basement offers a great surprise. The bulgogi are simply fantastic. I always end up having that mixed bowl with the egg. And it is good. You see, that's what I look for in a restaurant. Authentic food, awesome taste, cheap prices, discoveries. Definitely worth going to.
4	Nice atmosphere for a basement restaurant, and not at all what I expected. Ordered their bibimbap and it was absolutely wonderful. A bottle of Soju was the perfect side. Very friendly service and great prices are sure to keep me coming back.
1	I visited this restaurant twice while on business and believe me the second time was not out of choice. Both times I went, neither my friend nor I could finish our dishes because it was so bad. To be specific, we had seafood hot pot, soy bean soup and kimchi soup and they all tasted like water with some seasoning - not unlike what you'd expect a college freshman who's never cooked in his life to be able to whip up from reading a recipe.Now, I'm Korean and I've had Korean food all my life so I don't agree with this other reviewer who feels this is good authentic Korean food. Maybe authentic enough, but really bad. If this restaurant has such a high rating, that's a sad statement about the state of Korean food in Montreal. I love Montreal, but if you want to try good Korean cuisine, you've really got to visit Toronto where there are two Korean towns.
5	This place is GREAT! We usually use yelp to find a good place to eat when traveling, but last night we were hungry and didn't have Internet access so we just walked to Chinatown and chose this place at random. It was a very smart choice. The service was excellent, food was delicious, and the price was right.  Highly recommend.
