5	Most prestigious condos in all of AZ with amazing views. Rent is reasonable when you consider what you get. Staff is professional and friendly. Maintenance responds to all requests the same day. Secure access to your floors. I love living here. I just want to move higher when something opens up.
2	I just moved out of the 44 Monroe building after a 10 month lease and I was counting the days to leave. We chose the location after leaving the Summit condo and wanted a central location. I have to agree with Elle V.'s review about the cons of the place. We were in the one bedroom floorplan D, 1310 sq ft on the 11th floor facing NE.  The Good: Lack of bugs. I never once saw a spider, a nat, anything. We faced the big net just north of the building and I loved being able to look out over the city and mountains. We never paid more than $80 for our electric. Location in downtown (closer to city center than the Summit) and easy access to I-10.  There was never any neighbor noise between floors or walls. Much better construction than a 2-3 story apartment complex. Trash shoots and recycling on your floor! I've always had to walk my garbage down to big, smelly bins and this was a FANTASTIC feature.  Non busy gym but small and terrible views for your workout. Fast service on maintenance and Mike was always friendly. The counters and floors hide dirt (which is kind of a toss up since I hated not being able to tell how clean the surfaces were until you cleaned them and saw the dirt). Nice finishes in kitchen with travertine floors, granite countertops and gas stove. The closet in the D floor plan is located in the bathroom which is really convenient for getting ready in the morning. Common areas are well cleaned.The Cons: Expensive rent. I realize that you pay for the location and the building but $1736 for a one bdrm is a LOT. When we were offered our renewal, the price increased to $1882.  At the date of this writing, they are currently advertising our unit online for $1642 (before they add parking at $100). I found the unit to be noisy from city noise. The lightrail bell every 20 min, the firetruck station, the police sirens, the helicopters, the fast cars....it all added up to a very noisy home. Maybe this is typical of downtown living but I found it to be annoying. We were also low enough to hear the alley dumptrucks at 6am and the parking garage to the north that got cleaned at 10:30pm.  It sounded like a leaf blower for 2 hours. Super annoying!The dishwasher was very temperamental and wasted way too much soap when it never emptied out during the wash. Forget about using those nifty dishwashing packets everyone is going to. The stacked washer and dryer were some of the WORST appliances I've ever used. The washer took forever and dryer would wrinkle EVERYTHING. And then beeped when it was done until you stopped it. It demanded your attention. I tried everything I could to not have our jeans come out a twisted wreck but never figured it out.   The stacked configuration was a pain to try and fold clothes so we had to invest in a wheeled laundry cart and an over the door clothes hanger.Other cons include some of the weirdest neighbors. We were once threatened by a drunk person on the elevator that they would pee on us (you can't make this stuff up). Some people were young professionals but none were overly friendly. You would encounter people in the elevator you just saw on the street that you thought were homeless. Nope. They were headed to the 22nd floor. There aren't too many resident functions but I'm not sure how many of these people you would actually want to meet.We parked on the 6th floor which meant  20 turns one way if you wanted to go ANYWHERE! Want to run quick to the grocery store? HA! Quick doesn't exist at this location and the front two spots are metered during the week and always full at night. If you decided to walk to get something instead, the homeless people are everywhere and you can't walk anywhere without one of them asking for money. Or randomly screaming. Or hitting on you. Never fun for a girl by herself. The pool only gets sun a few hours and is the most boring pool EVER. The ONE grill is constantly broken or in use and generally smokers take over the patio for get togethers. The windows were cleaned twice in 10 months so we had to look at dirty windows from a sprinkling of rain and a sad bird outline for several months. There is a lack of security (people standing near garage door), but yet each floor is locked down and you can only access your floor and the garage level so that was a little comforting. I also once left my portable fan and on another occasion, a $35 MP3 player in the gym and never saw either again. Apparently paying a lot in rent doesn't mean your classy or honest. When you have visitors, they hate coming to the area. Downtown's one way streets are a nightmare to anyone unfamiliar and if they come at night, all the nearby parking is taken and there is no visitor parking in the building. Staff at the front desk aren't overly friendly and you are lucky to get a smile when you come home. Moving in and out is a major pain because their loading dock is small and will cost you extra in mover fees.Overall, we were so glad to leave.
1	We are current renters here but if you are thinking about this place beware !!! When someone was parked in our space we asked them what we should do and they told us to park in any reserved space so we did and our car was towed !! We contacted the office and Kevin in the office told us we should have parked in a new tenant space. This is not what they told us to do ! We don't even know where these spaces are anyway !!  They refused to get our car back for us or pay the impound fees. Also! all they had to do was to look up the license plate and they would know who the car belonged to and could have called us ! I guess that would have been to easy. Things were ok when we moved in but as soon as we put in our notice that we were moving everything changed !! I would not recommend this place to anyone because they take no responsibility when they are clearly wrong ! If you want to contact me on more about this undesirable place please call me. This place is nothing but pure crap ! Expensive too !! There are so many other choices available to rent downtown that I'm sure are a hole lot better ! 832-335-9076Jane Costanza and Jack Woodall apartment 2701
1	39 days until I get out of this place, and counting.  I was really excited to move in, and the staff was actually pretty nice while I was shown around and signing the lease.  That really changed after I was in.  The management here has turned out to be extremely poor, and unfriendly.  Never a smile or a hello. Anything you ask of them, say a leaking faucet, and they act like they are doing a major favor for you to take care of it.  Pros?  The views are nice - IF they have had the windows cleaned recently, but they are more commonly dirty.  Cons?  Lack of amenities for a place this expensive.  Pool is tiny, and rarely in the sun.  1 barbecue grill that rarely works.  The gym is a joke.  Slow response to any requests to fix issues in the apartment. Unfriendly staff - avoid dealing with the so called "manager", Kevin. Cold showers, or sometimes hot showers - constant problem with controlling the water temperature - that is, when you have water.  It seems they shut the water off every couple of weeks for "maintenance".  Elevator issues at times, with some extremely long wait times to get an elevator. Moving in and out is a huge pain - reserving the tiny freight elevator, if it's available when you need it, then squeezing a moving truck into the narrow, smelly alley behind the building - good luck. Overall, if you want to move downtown, I highly recommend going somewhere else.  I recently looked at the new City Scape residences.  They look like a much better option, much better amenities, and everyone there is so much friendlier.
1	Would not recommend this place when we had a parking problem because someone else parked in our space and we were told to park in a reserved space our car got towed ! They would do nothing about it !
1	Finally out.  Yes!  Life is so much better now without dealing with these people.  BTW,  the manager just wrote a response to my initial review (after 2 months of no response). His comments were just a vague company line, without responding to a single issue I brought up.  I also think it is interesting that there are some additional reviews of this place (most very poor), that Yelp categorizes as "not recommended". I would advise reading these reviews also (they can be found at the bottom of the page in a link with very small writing), stating they are not recommended reviews, but the experiences are very similar to mine and provide additional insight.  If these reviews were taken into account I think the overall rating of this place would be somewhere between 1.5 and 2.0. Very poor for a place that rents a 2 bedroom apartment for $3,000 per month!Best of luck.
5	My partner and I have lived here for a year now and we love it. Unlike where we lived previously the appliances here are of much better quality resulting in far less maintenance requests (I've actually had none as of yet). The building and common areas are all very well kept. We are both very happy residents!
1	I recently went to check out 44 Monroe as a prospective tenant. The lobby was very classic and clean. I really wanted to like this place. Everything after that gets disappointing. I have to agree with previous reviewers that yes there are some questionable residents at this very expensive high rise apartment. The elevators are basic and clean. After getting out of the elevator I noticed the hallways were dark, not so clean and had a peculiar smell. It smelled like old smoke and as we approached the apartment door I smelled fresh weed. The apartment I previewed had all carpet flooring except in the kitchen and bathroom. I think they said they only have carpet in apartments. The one bedroom was very large with a big balcony for around $1700 a month. The pool area is big and mostly enclosed except a small area is exposed to sunlight. They have a very nice outdoor clubhouse/patio near the pool.This apartment will appeal to you if you don't mind carpet, smoke and interesting people. Also if you don't care much for a pool. I truly believe they should rethink their policy on smoking. It will preserve the building much better and it will be a lot more appealing to prospective residents. The cigarette smoke gets stuck EVERYWHERE for YEARS. I remember my family rented apartments before and we could smell old smoke any time we turned on the AC because the vents were dirty. I hope I helped some of you with your downtown apartment search.
