3	As a huge fan of the Maple Tree Cafe, I was really excited to help out a local business by trying out their new location at Lucky's. I wish that I didn't. And I won't go back.  Complaints: [Hands down - the service]#1 - We were greeted at the door by a waitress who didn't even know the proper name of the restaurant. #2 - The waitress did not refill our drinks, even though the drinks were empty about 15 minutes before our meals came.. Yes, it was a long wait, which we were OK with. We know it is a new location. HOWEVER- Not having drinks while eating is just NOT OK. In fact, she NEVER checked back until we were finished eating... and we were there for quite a while.#3 - I ordered Maple Coffee, and the waitress finally asked if I wanted a refill. I said just coffee please. (2 are just too many.... despite being amazing). She brought another maple coffee. No water. No drink for my guest. In fact, the waitress was not happy about asking for another drink. REALLY? She obviously only wanted a larger tip. I tip 20% standard.. but I tip better for GOOD service. #4 - We were charged for a lunch item with our breakfast that we did not order. We did not receive it. In fact, that item was not even on the menu that we had. When we told the waitress, she basically said , "OH. I will have to check on that". .. not "Sorry" or "Yeh, you definitely didn't order that". She took our order. How could she not know what we ordered? If you don't care about the customers, then it is very apparent to the customers... and they won't return. I realize that I am just one customer, but ...  And now... The good: #1 - The food is delicious. The menu is very close if not the same as the main location. #2-  I still won't return, but the atmosphere is nice... and there are tv's for a relaxed viewing of a sporting event. 0 stars for service. 3 stars for the cooking staff & behinds the scenes staff who  were working very hard to create good food.
5	one of the best places in town . not just because of the classic red velvet delicious pancakes you hear about the service is awesome too i never had to wait more then a minute if I needed something and my drink was always full. i was truly impressed and i brought my kids there so family friendly. i got the calimari to start and it was cooked to perfection. i will be coming back very soon !!!""
5	I love breakfast food...especially pancakes!  Their red velvet pancakes are so yummy. They are thick and moist and taste just like red velvet!  My husband loved their coffee and the omelet he ate.  We definitely want to come back next time we are in town!
1	Watched the Restaurant Impossible involving the Maple Tree location on Spring Mountain - I haven't been to that location since they changed owners.  In the past i was a fan.  I checked the Food Network website and noticed they were opening in a few more locations within existing Bars.  I then found out they are in my neck of the woods at Lucky's on Jones.I'm a little hesitant to go there given the revolving door of restaurants at Lucky's - first time i went there, it was a bbq place ( actually liked it the first few times i went there ) then it was a chicago style place ( Chi-town? ) didn't care for that place - i don't think they even lasted 6 months.  Now Maple Tree.We'll I take my daughter and her boyfriend there last Sunday for post church breakfast.  10 o'clock and there's two people in the bar and no one in the restaurant  - that's NOT GOOD !  Most local bars rely very heavily on the football season and a breakfast place empty on Sunday morning ?!?  HmmmmmI order the hash, daughter goes with a chili omelet with the apple fritter and her bf goes with eggs benedict.  We also decide on sharing cinnamon bread french toast.The service was ok - coffee refilled timely food came out a little slow considering the place was EMPTY.  The eggs benedict - light on sauce but it was extremely buttery.The chili omelet - is it hormel or dennison's chili ??The apple fritter - it was NOTHING  lie how they prepared it on Restaurant Impossible.  Picture a very large sugar-y puffy taco filled with canned apple pie filling  - WTF !The hash - strange seasoning - very small portion and the rye toast  - raisin's in it ??? strange the french toast - cold - it wouldn't surprise me if they took cinnamon bread, put in a toaster then a brush of egg batter  - not good.Sadly, I'm giving the place 3-4 months.  I really wish it was better because another breakfast place in the SW is needed.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would not hesitate. Everyone has an off day. Being from the service industry for years, we understand. There were three of us total,  one a child. We went  last weekend for breakfast after reading a review for the other location.Walking in was like going to a morgue. At the time there were two other tables who did not have any food and appeared to have been waiting a while. We ordered and got our drinks. 45 minutes passed. The waitress apologised that the cook was new and said she didn't know what was going on in the kitchen. We waited over an hour and nothing came out for us, even the side of toast we ordered for our child. Unfortunately we had to be somewhere and after waiting as long as possible, had to leave. It was a nightmare.The manager paced back and forth between the bar and kitchen without so much as eye contact or a swing by the tables to let us know when the food possibly may be ready. It was a strange experience.We were disappointed and annoyed to have lost that time waiting for.... nothing. The magazine reviewer clearly had not been to this branch. And how a new cook would be left on their own on a Sunday morning at a breakfast place that had recently opened is simply baffling. Unsure how they can claim to do catering and corporate functions if they are unable to bring out a breakfast for three people, or at the very least, an order of toast or something that may be available to pass the time.The table next to us was frustrated as well. They received their food in takeaway boxes which were delivered at different times. It may have been faster if someone had peeled over to the other branch and brought back the food.There is no way we would go back as aside from the wait, it is apparent they are incapable of cooking. It was almost like this place was a front for something else. What a shame as we had high hopes and have not been to many breakfast places since moving here.Give this place a miss. Something tells me some of the rave reviews for this particular branch are not valid.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE..DID I SAY IT WAS HORRIBLE.. my boyfriend and I read that this place was voted best breakfast in vegas by Seven magazine this week. I have tried the location and was unimpressed..i would not say it was the best breakfast but not horrible..I come from san francisco where mom and pop places flourish and do breakfast like an artform..I have found that the Black Bear Diner does the best comfort food breakfast in Las vegas in the 3yrs i have been dining here so i was excited to have a new breakfast place that was featured on restaurant impossible now have a location literally behind my house on jones and warm springs..we decided as a family to try this place out this morning hoping it lived up to the reviews in Seven..since the spring mountain location was nothing to brag about..now for me i could care less about ambiance and decor of a restaurant or if its packed..i will eat on the ground if the food is good..hence my monthly trips to the fuku burger truck!!.. with that said..we got up early antcipating this amazing chicken fried stk and red velvet pancakes..instead we got a gamey hamburger that is dip and deep fried smothered in what tasted like canned cream of mushroom soup..dried potatoes..in fact that tasted old like the potatoes had been sitting in a card board box for a long time..the eggs were okay..scrambled a little raw for my taste but my daughter and boyfriend seemed to like them..the red velvet pancakes were dry and burnt a bit..but when smothered with butter and a cup of maple syrup they softened up and were edible..not good but edible..i was soo mad and disappointed..im not sure if the people at Seven have faulty taste buds or if they got a kick back for a good review..but there is no way either location deserves best breakfast in vegas..i wish i could give negative stars..i wil NEVER GO BACK..The service was what would be expected in a run down bar location..if the food was better this place has potential but my first and 2nd impression of this business is awful..so no more horrible breakfasts for me!!!
5	Awesome .. Great breakfast choices
1	I went to the original Maple Tree on Spring mountain 2x and had bad experiences both times. Yes they comped the meals (my denver omelette had 2 pieces of steak placed on top of scrambled eggs) but I vowed never to go back. But then they opened one down the street inside Lucky's Lounge and I figured with the whole Restaurant Impossible intervention - the 3rd time would be the charm.It wasn't. It was awful..Food -worse. Service- so so bad. And now I'm never going back.Sorry.
5	I love this place! It's just so tasty and good, esp for a vegan or vegetarian, or someone health conscious.. I recommend it to anyone.. Great for breakfast and or lunch. Service is friendly, approachable, and attentive. Food arrives promptly and tasty.! Thanks for many visits of great service!
