1	I have been a customer of Wells Fargo for a year and have deposited a good amount of money.  Since now the economy sucks and I dont have a job my account overdrafted.  I will be getting money on the 1st to pay off my overdraft.  The overdraft department has called me non stop and been very rude, treating me like I am lower than dirt.  Im sorry  but I thought I was still a customer.  Today Briane from that department hung up on me and was very rude.  I cannot stand a business that treats their customers like best friends as long as you are giving them money but then are complete ass holes because of circumstance.  I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS BANK TO ANYONE!!!  I hate banks period but this one needs to be gone.  This actual location has some of the nicest tellers but overall I HATE WELLS FARGO! I hope they all know they could be me tomorrow with no job.
5	I always have a good experience at this bank, and it's been our bank for years. The only thing I can't stand is the remodeling of the teller windows. I can't hear what the heck the teller is saying to me, though they can hear me loud and clear. Always nice happy people no matter what day or time. Fast, speedy, friendly people. Most like to chat, and when you come in the door there's always someone asking what you need today. I also noticed they have coffee and cookies now. Neat. Comfy chairs too. One unfortunate event I had was when I needed checks and was sat down with this lady. Don't know her name but she didn't care to service me and it really showed. Was a tad rude and kept telling me things that weren't true about account plans and such and such and I told her otherwise. Nice place though.
4	I've always had friendly, quick service from the tellers here, and am usually even greeted by someone at the front door.  This is a busier-than-average branch, so I won't hold their long lines against them, but keep this in mind if you're headed here late in the day or on a Friday.
4	I've always had a pleasant experience at this Wells Fargo. The tellers are all courteous and polite. They handle my transactions without issues and always wish me a pleasant day. I've become somewhat of a regular at this location as my office is just down the street. They greet me by name and always offer assistance if needed. They are one of the busier Wells Fargo's in terms of foot traffic so their lines can get long on pay days. If you can avoid the bank on late Friday afternoons as well as the 15th and 30th/31st of the month I would. For a big bank they don't make me feel like number.
5	Quick, easy & great customer service. Not my part of town so didn't know what to expect. Someone greeted me at entry & directed me. No line, there were more than enough tellers open.
2	I work at the casino so im always going to the bank depositing my tips.....but i stopped coming inside because i find the new customer service initiatives that wells fargo has taken to be intrusive and annoying......where do you work? What do you do? What are you saving for?  Where are you from? What you doing tonight? What are you doing this weekend? Do you drink? Party? And once they get familar with you forget about it....now i only deposit thru the drive thru and if i have anything to do inside the bank i drive to the one on baseline.
1	I am about to be a "former" Premier customer with this bank.  I have had two bad experiences with them, the most recent on 11/18/2014.   A merchant made an error and charged my debit card (used as a credit card) for $4123 instead of 123.00.  They voided the sale, however Wells Fargo will not release the money for up to 15 days!  I have the voided slip... still nothing!  If this is how you want to be treated... bank with them.  If not, find somewhere else to go to.  The fact is, they just have people read off of the computer screens and tell you "they are sorry, but they can't help you".
