1	I usually would think one Burger King is the same as the next but....wow....this place was terrible! I got a coupon in the mail and saw they have a new chicken parm sandwich and I was in a hurry so I decided what the hell. After I ordered and I got to the window, the woman at the window didn't even acknowledge me. After a few minutes, she told me my total, I paid, she gave me my food and closed the window. Never heard another word after my total. That should have been an indication of what my food was going to be like. When I pulled up to the end of the drive thru, I opened my bag, unwrapped my sandwich and thought the bread was a bit cold. I took a bite into my sandwich only to find that bun was slightly frozen, the marinara sauce cold, the cheese frozen and the chicken lukewarm at best!  I put the car in reverse, went to the window and waited. The same woman opened the window, didn't say anything to me so I told her about the sandwich. I explained that the sandwich was cold and the cheese was frozen. Her reply?  Well after what seemed like an eternity of silence, her reply was "no it's not. The cheese is cold though". I said "noooo...the sandwich is cold and the bun is a bit frozen still". After snatching the sandwich out of my hand, she closed the window. A couple minutes later a guy handed me a bag with a new sandwich. Again, no words. Just window opened and then closed. I was afraid to open the bag but I was brave. This time the chicken was hot and everything was cold.  I couldn't even eat it. I just ended up throwing it away. They have lost my business.
3	Ate inside for the first time in a long while. Usually, it's To Go. Ordered the Whopper combo, no upsizing. The cashier was friendly, paid him and he noticed I had a coin, which looked like a quarter, but was from United Arab Republic. He asked if I had another coin, I didn't so I was going to take my change back and give him a dollar. But he said 'Don't worry about it and took the coins.The Whopper was hot off the grill and so was the french fries. I wish the fries were a bit thinner like In & Out's. But, I have to remember we are at Burger King. My meal was satisfying and I'll be back.
2	We just arrived in Fountain Hills, after a long days drive of 11 hours.  Naturally, we were starving, and needed something quick and filling to eat.  This Burger King is very dumpy, and looks like it needs an upgrade.  The guy who waited on me was very sullen, and didn't seem to care that customers pay his salary and keep the economy moving.  He just pushed the bag of food at me, and grunted "here you go" like I was a horse, or dog.  Anyways, at least the food was hot, otherwise, they would lose a star.
1	WORST Burger King EVER!!!I thought like the previous reviewer that all Burger Kings are alike. For some reason this is not the case and the burger king in fountain hills is only consistent for SUCKING and SCREWING UP YOUR ORDER and never bringing it to you when they tell you to wait outside. I have had the misfortune to eat at this one over the past few years and it sucks even more now that they did this big fancy remodel than before. Here is a tip: Dont waste a bunch of money on some expensive remodel and then expect to stay in business giving people crappy COLD and OLD fries that they have to wait 15 minutes for. This place sucks. Never going there again.
4	The building is very new and the staff is friendly. I go there at least 3 times a week because they are on my way home from work. The food has been consistent so far and the drunk machine is a awesome custom mixing coke machine that let's you customize every drink. The wait times can be long at times so a faster drive thru would be nice but, I'd say overall it's one of the top burger kings I've visited for fast food.
1	gmo..... up the wazoooo eat this and die..!!! not a good thing 4 you or your children..... Or U 4 that Matter ...:////
4	I love their cranberry, apple & grilled chicken salad. The lettuce is fresh and the blue cheese does not taste cheap. The restaurant itself is clean and well furnished.
