4	Tropicana Cinemas has been on the corner of Tropicana and Pecos for forever in various incarnations.  I think I saw some movies here as a kid when it was new and sparkly and a first run theatre.For a while there it was Dollar Cinema, but I guess when they raised admission to $3.00 they had to change the name.  It's no matter, $3.00 is still nothing to pay for a movie, and even though Tropicana is second run they still have a pretty awesome selection of films and a lot of the time they're not that old.  Like right now, 3/15/07, you can go see Pan's Labyrinth there.  Didn't that JUST come out?  So, yeah, cool!The theatres aren't great.  They're old school theatres.  There's no arena seating or loge seats.  There are no drink holders.  There's a row of seat in front of a screen, period.  The concessions aren't fancy, but when you're paying $3.00 for a movie I doubt you're really looking to get a big nosh on.They also host the CineVegas screening series so you can see foreign, indie, cult and arthouse movies on the big screen.  Prices are a bit steeper for those titles, but if you're a movie buff it's worth it.  The theatre is also available for rental for special events.It's a pretty awesome place, and it's right next door to the Pinball Hall of Fame, so it's a corner of awesomeness.
5	Unfortunately, this place is closed because the shopping center has been sold, who were also the owners of the theaters.  The place was always great to go to, the concessions were always cheap, and there was always a radio station in the waiting room as well.  The theater is also in a great location and for a night of fun, you could go next door to the Pinball Museum.  I hope they reopen soon, as they really knew how to run the place.
3	On a recent trip to the Pinball Hall of Fame, I happen to glace over at the usually run down theater and it looked pretty bad, even worse than normal.   Then it dawned on me.   It's closed up - out of business.   Bummer.   Closed babies... all gone.
4	$3 for a movie.  $5 for a movie, popcorn and drinkI love this place. They have Saturday midnight showing of Rocky Horror Picture Show with lots of fans who show up in full dress. They show new movies probably a month or so before the DVD release but you can actually spend all day watching movies without ever paying again. Very nostalgic and hopefully it sticks around
3	Update - 04-Jan-09It's open again.   They've taken down the Tropicana Cinemas signs, but it's open.   They do have a big banner that announces all titles are $3.   Good luck.
4	I finally stumbled in. Its in a ghetto part of town, but if you're paying $3 for a movie, you shouldn't expect red carpet anyways. The guy that works the box office is the same guy that works the concession. The popcorn was more expensive than the movie, haha. BUT they also have these seasoning powders to spruce up your popcorn. You won't find that in any Regal. We smuggled in a shitload of snacks. I always feel bad when I bring in foods with crunchy-sounding wrappers, but no worries, we were the only ones in there. Since we were totally alone, we contemplated having sex, but we were afraid of catching the Aids. I am not kidding when I say the place is grimy. The projector was noisy, but it added to the old-timey ambiance. It was like I was watching an old school Bogart flick. After a few minutes, you forget about it. Bonus: its right next to the Pinball Hall of Fame. Ideal date night for the cheap: buy your date a frappe at reJAVAnate on Trop ($5), take her to the Pinball Hall of Fame ($3), then hit up a slightly stale or foreign film ($6 for two). Perfect. So really, its a one-star experience, but because its so cheap, I give it four stars IN YOUR BUTT! * off the strip, non-casino
4	Everything I could want for $3.
3	I went with my friend last weekend to see Watchmen in the second run theater. I pass by Tropicana Cinemas often (which is in a funky area of town), but this was my first time going. It was o...k. Of course, it is extremely reasonable ($3.00 a ticket), so if you are willing to wait a couple of months to see a movie and save yourself a lot of money, then this is the place for you. The food prices were also very reasonable, although I didn't eat anything there. My only complaint was that the lights were not on when we went inside, so it was pitch black and we couldn't find our seats at all. There is no excuse why the lights should not be on during business hours, even if there are only two showings of the movie all day long. They turned on the lights after someone was alerted to the fact, but it seemed kind of unprofessional to me, plus it's a safety hazard.Ironically, there were more people to see Watchmen in the second run theater than when I saw it the first time at Rave Motion Pictures. Other than the fact that you could hear the projector while the movie was running, the theater was clean and comfortable.I saw that they also run movies that have not been in the theaters for years, which is great for a movie lover like me. It's a decent place to spend your time and money and I would come here to see a movie again.
5	$3 Movies. Yea. Older movies but who cares its fun.
3	Unfortunately it appears the Wednesday night "Insomniac Cinema" 35mm classics have been suspended, as they have not appeared on any 2010 printed schedules.  Adding insult to injury, the Pinball Museum - the arcade/Xanadu for pinball and video game enthusiasts - has moved out of spitting distance (it's a few miles west on Tropicana, but the two businesses used to share a common wall,).  However the best parts about this discount cinema remain.$1.50 second-run movies, $1.00 Tuesday movies, and reasonably priced concessions - deals you can't find at any other theater in town.  If you miss that 1980's sensation of your feet sticking to the floor, having to try 3 seats before finding one that isn't broken, and maybe even having your view blocked by the basketballer in front of you (don't worry, the place usually isn't that crowded,) then support the Tropicana Cinemas.  It's closed and come back a few times, but if any business can succeed in the current economy it's an economy theater.The past 2 movies I've seen at this theater were only a few days or weeks from DVD release, but I wanted to get out of the house and only spend a few bucks, and my mission was accomplished.
4	This place is SO great.  Now every movie is only $1.50 per person.  Plus, Tuesdays are only $1!  I hardly ever see movies when they're brand new anyway, I just have to wait a few weeks and see it for CHEAP when we come to Las Vegas.  If you're into hot dogs, they have those for $1, too.
4	I'm sure that other theaters could provide a better viewing experience (picture and sound were not perfect) but the overall experience was just fine. I am a fan of 2nd-run theaters and this one is probably the best I've been to just because of the ticket price alone: $1.50 for general admission.  Can't beat it.
5	PLEASE support this place.  I am in no way affiliated with this movie theater except that I try to get over there and watch a movie about once a month (or more if I can).  I just love that you can see a decent, second-run movie with pretty good picture and sound for $1.50.  Before getting hooked on this place, I NEVER NEVER bought concessions at the movies.  However, I DO buy a Mountain Dew and nachos every time I go in here.  With the food, drink AND ticket, I STILL PAY LESS than just one movie ticket at a fancy first-run theater!As others have mentioned, the picture and sound aren't quite as good as other theaters in town, but they aren't bad by any means.What a great place.  I really hope it survives!  And again, try to buy a soda or popcorn or something while you're there.  I know they can't be making payroll by just selling $1.50 tickets!!
3	Most of the movies have been out a little while, but the price is great. I remember when they charged a dollar, now it is a dollar-fifty cents. You can't beat that. The pop corn and hotdogs and even the ices are reasonably priced.
5	I am new to this theatre but I will be going back often. Its only 1.50 to see a movie and 1.00 on tuesdays I think it is. Large drink is like 4.00 and if you save your reciept you get free refills for the day. Yes they still have the dollar hot dogs. Worth a buck but its the small hot dogs. For me and my friend it was 13.00 to get two large sodas, two hot dogs and see the movie. Less then what I paid when I saw a movie at a normal theatre. Yes the movies are what I would consider second run,its mostly movies that had a short time span in main theatres or hits that show up right before it goes to dvd. Bathroom was ok for a ladies room. First time I went it was messy but it was a friday night and I saw the last movie. Other time it was pretty clean so I think thats hit or miss. Movie quality is decent. Its not HD or 3D but for a movie its pretty good. Sounds fine. You can hear the movie without any issue even with some chatty teen agers behind me. I would say if you have a budget or missed a good movie you wanted to see in main theatres deffaintly go to this place. Only real draw back I can say is the parking lot. If your going to a late movie bring a friend. The parking lots not all that bright, but it is reasonably busy so its probably safer then it seems. As a girl though you can never be to careful.
4	$1.50 movies, $1.00 hot dogs? Cant beat that! I'm someone who would rather watch a movie on a big screen than just Redbox it, so this place is perfect for me. Also, I don't make it to the first-run theaters that often, so this is a great chance for me to catch up on movies.
4	I have to say it.  This place smells funny.  Every theater smells like a pair of sweaty gym socks.  I've been here a bunch.  Every theater.  But you know what?  It's $1.50, so if I feel like I need  a shower when I leave, I'm okay with that.  If you go on Tuesdays, it's $1.00!  I don't even have to feel guilty about buying popcorn like I normally do when I'm paying $10.75 a ticket. The place is superficially clean, other than the smell.  The staff is friendly, the concession is good and the movies are cheap.  I always look for crappy action movies (ahem The Expendables) here, to make the BF happy without paying full price.  Lately, I've been taking in chick flicks with the ladies for the same reason.  Really like this theater a lot.  Just wear really strong perfume and bring cash because it is CASH ONLY!
5	Of course im gonna give Trop CInemas 5 stars! $1.50 movies $1.00 on tuesdays! Thats crazy, i always thought.. how do they make profit? Well, yeah the movies are dirt cheap, but the concession stand is where they make the big bucks. Yeah that means prices are the same as a regular theatre for some popcorn, drinks and candy.  But just go to Wal-Mart across the street and sneak some in! TEE-HEE! The movies they play here arent old, and there not new, not in regular theatres anymore and not out on DVD yet.  I'd be here every weekend if it was close to where i live.  I hope this place never closes.  Thanks for saving me hundreds of dollars Trop Cinemas!
5	This place does it for me.  $1.50 a ticket is cool they always have family shows playing, my kidz love it. Six of us for 9 bucks you cant beat it. the popcorn is $5.25 for a large with 1 refill then they have the popcorn seasoning White Cheddar,Ranch,Jalapeno Cheddar,Nacho cheese. No other Cinema i've been too have the Seasonings soo. 5 stars from me
3	I went here on Sunday to see Easy A (great movie).  I feel compelled to update this review for two reasons: (1) Somehow, in all the times I've been here, this is the first time I've been in the Ladies' room; and (2) My bag was searched at the door!The bathroom was flat out scary.  Not so much from messiness but from the missing bathroom tiles and overall decor.  Very creepy.  The theater we were in was a little less smelly than usual.  On to (2).  I know you are probably judging me right now, but when I have the need for candy, I bring my own Raisinets.  Does that make me cheap?  Absolutely!  Which is why I frequently wait for movies to come to this theater, because I am cheap.  Well, on this foray, my purse was checked.  Thank God I was behind a little old lady getting patted down and I could dash to my car to remove my candy.  I am telling this story for all the cheapos out there so you will not have the embarrassment of having your stash found.  That is all.  Judge away.
4	This move theater is like the seedy dive bar with few redeemable qualities, but the good cheap beer keeps you coming back.It's always a little too dark in the lobby. Like they can't afford to replace the burned out lights. Or like they don't want you to really see how worn out and old it all is.The popcorn popper thingy never seems full. The candy shelves behind the glass seem like the abandoned shelves of a store having a close-out clearance.And it is all completed by nerdy, leering teenage boys eager to assist you with your munchie needs and question you about the movie you are here to see.The lobby is, in fact, like the opening scene of a horror movie.And yes, the floors in the individual theaters are permanently sticky. And the screen seems too small. And the floor is barely sloped (forget about your stadium seating). And you will probably be one of five people in the theater. . . .But this is all part of its dive charm. And frankly, you don't come here for ambiance. You come here for the $1.50 movies. It's easy, non-crowded, and cheap. Consider me a fan.
1	Took my kids here tonight... We wanted to see Magamind - Great movie... But the theater was so nasty - there was food everywhere in the theater... Left over candy boxes - the bathroom was disgusting... That will be the last time we over go there - So if you wan to be in a nasty, disgusting theater this is the place for you -
2	[ ] current hepatitis shot [ ] current TB. shot If you are able to check off both boxes you are safe to visit the Tropicana Cinemas without worrying about your future health. Don't get me wrong, I've subjected myself to the gum and germ infested seating arrangements, dowsed myself in antibacterial hand sanitizer and sat through an entire movie at this theater. If you do not mind sitting next to the same guy that was panhandling you for money when you first walked in to the theater then you're all set! If you are on a tight budget or have a large tribe you're trying to entertain, the Tropicana Cinemas would be a fine choice. But if you are looking to impress your love interest on a first date, this is surely not the way to go.
2	I came here once to watch a movie at the request of my friends. At first, I thought it was a great idea. I mean, come on, who can resist $1 tickets, especially when normal movie prices are over $10 anywhere else. Of course, my excitement started to subside at the parking lot, and then immediately flew out the door when I stepped into the lobby. I don't know how long this place has been standing, but, I'm guessing a while, as everything looked old and felt kind of creepy. Dim lighting, a concession stand where I probably wouldn't order anything from (not just because prices are astronomical compared to the ticket prices), etc., etc. At this point, I was feeling okay; however, upon entering the actual theater, I started to feel more uneasy. I don't know if it was the dirty seats, some of the people, the trash or the general atmosphere, but I didn't like it. I also didn't like how some people were talking and yelling throughout the movie (If I wanted commentary, I would have stayed home with friends and watched a movie.). Add to all this, the fact that the movie was WEIRD really affected my ability to enjoy this theater. I think my friends noticed my discomfort at the whole situation, as they pointed and laughed at me (in a loving way, of course) throughout the entire movie.  I don't have other dollar theaters to compare this one to, but, if I did, maybe I could give this place a less biased rating. The two stars are for movie selection (they offer recent movies, although limited) and price. Other than that (and friends), I don't think I'll be visiting this place anytime soon.
4	$1.50 for a movie ticket? Yes, please. I don't go to the movie theater anymore because of the insane price of tickets, but here is a nice affordable option for those of us who would like the theater experience without having to go hungry. Yes, the floor is sticky. Yes, the concession stands are the same price as the normal theater (with the exception of the $1 hot dogs! Score!) Yes, it's an old theater. So what? It's a dollar!
2	Ok let's face it this is the $1.50 movies. You're not here for the ambiance but just to get out of the house for a change and watch a movie for under $22/couple. I dont go to the movies to eat which doesnt serve them well since that's how they make their $. I come to the movies to actually watcha  movie. One night we went to do just that and we liked it a lot. my bf and I went to see Due Date and there were lots of kids. Kids+ due date = awkward moment for parents. Glad I'm not a parent yet. I went into the theater closest to the door so for now I'm ok w/ 2 stars b/c It served its purpose of seeing the movie I watned to see @ a fraction of the cost,but the kids around are jumping off the walls and screaming and laughing= which @ the time made me think gee, I hope the parents have the decency to wrangle them up before the movie starts. I hope I'm never THOSE parents but till you walked a mile in those shoes... I'll guess I'll just stick to the review.Check it out for a good CHEAP movie, or if u want to wait a few days to see it on Redbox and save $.50.
1	I am officially not a fan. I went here tonight with some friends to see Tangled. We get stopped at the door and they ask to search my bag. First off, searching bags of customers have gotten a LOT of theaters in trouble, even sued. THESE SEARCHES ARE ILLEGAL. It's called privacy invasion. So good job there. Secondly, even if I am carrying snacks (which I was - let's be honest, those prices are extortionate even for a "dollar" theater and there's not too many vegan goods) I was still going to buy popcorn - that story will come in a moment. Debate about the ethical reasoning of bringing in snacks all you want, but I don't want anyone searching my private property unless they are actual security or police. So we take our snacks back to the car and go into the theater. My friends go to find a seat, and I stand in line for some popcorn. Note that there are no signs saying CASH ONLY anywhere. (NOTE: my friend paid for the movie so I didn't notice at the box office if signs were there or not.) When I finally get to the counter after 7 minutes of waiting (seriously the staff was working like they were underwater) I am told they don't take cards, but I can go to the ATM off to the side. Are you freakin' serious?! Why the hell would I go to an ATM when all I want is a small popcorn? There should be signage so I didn't have to waste my damn time. This subsequently put me in an awful mood for the rest of the time I was there. As for the theater - when they shut off the lights you can't see a thing. It took me 2 minutes to find my friends. The sound quality of the movie was not great and I could hear every single person munching on popcorn and slurping drinks. So not enjoyable. Kids running around screaming and crying as well - overall a complete disaster. Treating your customers as criminals is not okay in my book, and I can assure you I will not be back here - I would rather pay the extra dough for stadium seating, debit card acceptance, and not having my bag searched (it wasn't even a big bag!). And that's saying a lot from someone who likes spending her money on shoes. Shame on you, Tropicana Cinemas.
4	If you missed a movie when it first came out, this is your chance! Get the feel of the theater, but without the fanciness.  Old theater, but you can't beat the prices! And the concessions are just as good. Can you say $1.00 all beef hot dogs!!! Try it! For the prices and concessions, it's worth the deal.
3	I'm sticking this at 3 stars but it can sway up or down a notch depending on the visit.  I have 2 daughters...savvy little things, not snobby in the least who will go anywhere, be it dive or deluxe. This is a dive. And that's not always a bad thing, but here, you never know. Most visits it really is fairly clean and well staffed/managed. Some nights, quite the opposite. That being said, I really have to keep my complaints at a minimum because when we do go it is usually not just me and da girlz... It is me and my best bud, The Old Woman In The Shoe. Together, we are a tribe. She's a single mom with a 22yr old daughter, 3 adopted sons, and at present count, 5 foster kids ranging in age from 8 months to 16 yrs. That brings our number to 14 if we manage to drag my honey along. So, affordable is good! As it is so affordable, they expect you to buy your goodies right there and purse check at the door. I hate that, but can't say I blame them. Now, as far as treats go, we were blown away with how good the popcorn was at our last visit (Tron). It beat the hell out of the crappy kernels we've gotten at The Palm recently.So, if you're low on funds but still wanna take the brood to the movies, stash your false bottomed purse full of candy and juice pouches from Walgreens, throw in hand sanitizer and bleach wipes and go slummin' at Tropicana Cinemas. It keeps the kids from getting too spoiled and snooty!
4	How can you not love this place? Second run movies for $1.50. Large popcorn with free refill for $5.25. Save for people not being into the movie and the purse checks, This place beats everywhere else! No complaints from me
4	Don't ask me why I really enjoy going here but I really do!  My mom and I go to this theatre when we get the chance.  We haven't gone to a bad movie yet.  But don't get me wrong...is this place dirty?  Kind of!  Are the seats old and not "state-of-the-art" comfortable?  They most certainly are not!  Is the sound quality that of theatres like Rave or South Point?   Heck no!   However, it's $1.50 for a movie...it's just something fun and cheap to do.  Pretty sure you can buy 2 movie tickets, popcorn and a soda for around $10. One thing to remember...Do not forget cash!  They do not accept credit or debit cards.
5	This place is reasonably clean. I've never seen hoards of candy boxes or left over food on the floors. It's not immaculate but hey it's a DOLLAR! The theaters are about the same size as regular theaters with ample seating. The parking lot is big and there is hardly any wait at the ticket booth. Remember though this place is CASH ONLY. Regular admission is $1.50, Tuesdays $1.00Hotdogs are good and only $1. Everything else is also reasonably priced. Enjoy! :)
4	So for a buck fitty, yeah, I am a fan. But just to set expectations... this place is old school, no frills, "retro" slash rickety. Seats squeak and creak (loudly) and they're super broken-in. I've gone twice now, and its low rent. Babies screaming and crying, kids getting a kick out of the fact their seats make loud squeaking sounds and so they make the most of it. There's a lot you have to put up with to enjoy your deal of $1.50. Get there early, parking fills up quickly.
1	We went because my kids were good this week. We bought the refillable large popcorn and when my 11 year old went to refill it they marked it in front of her refilled then refused to fill it. Why are they trying to screw a child. I am very disappointed in this bad business ethics. I will never be back. If they screw children out of things they have paid for think what they will do to you.
2	Since its just $1.50 there are a lot of things you can overlook, however Redbox is just $1 with less hassle and RB has them only a week or 2 later.By far the worst thing about this theater is the crowd it attracts.  Families with 46 kids and no discipline, unsupervised teenagers, and people who fall asleep and wake up screaming (yes, this actually happened).  Your best bet is to see the late show of a rated R movie unless you're bringing kids too.  You will often have people carrying on conversations who won't stfu when shushed.  And shushed again.  And shushed a third time.This place is ALL CASH so make sure you have $ before you get there.They DO check purses so if you plan on sneaking anything in do it carefully.  The theaters are not that big and sometimes the sound or picture are not good quality (not because they can't be but because the 15 year olds running the place haven't bothered to check that everything is running ok).For $1.50 you can tolerate a lot of this as long as its not a movie you were really looking forward to.  If it is, pay full price at a real theater or wait for the DVD.
2	In the last few years I have seen this place get a few renovations, and new management teams. The current Management team needs to focus on maintaining the Theater. The theater has done a big decline in quality in the last year and a half, and its do to there being a lack of people that not only work there, but the 1 or 2 people that do, don't care and don't clean.The place is constantly a mess, and the picture quality is usually bad, both of these are very easy to fix, you just need to clean and focus the projectors. Unfortunately the Trop Cinemas does not seem that it is worth doing the simple maintenance, and thus that it why I give the theater 2 stars, if they start doing those 2 things, I will give it 5 stars, because it really is a good cheap theater, even if they do raise the price by $2 - $4 to hire an extra person, even though with how much there employees lean against the counters I would think they would have PLENTY of time to do this themselves.
4	$1 MOVIE TUESDAYS!!!! $1.50 MOVIES EVERY OTHER DAY.... :-) the seats don't move back but then again who cares when the movie Is only  $1.50!!!!! Looking to take someone on a cheap date?? BRING THEM HERE!
4	I've been here at least 10 times in the past 3 months. My bf and I love it so much we can't imagine paying $10 again for a movie ticket! Their popcorn is amazingly good, although priced as in regular theaters. If you MUST use the bathroom, beware...it's pretty messy. As for the ppl that go there...I've only had one bad experience so far..when this rude lady continuously texted and then fell asleep and started snoring! Oh and this one time this poor 4-5 yr old boy was forced to watch Final Destination 5 by his horrible parents and we could hear him weeping while he held both his hands to his ears. Poor kid...
5	Come on now you can't beat the value here $1.50 to see a movie.... and only a buck on Tue.....
1	Avoid this place at all costs. The employees are rude. Their bag searches are unethical and bordering on unconstitutional. There are several fire code/health code violations. It doesn't matter how cheap the tickets are for outdated movies, the experience is miserable.
3	for only paying $1.50 for a movie, what do you expect? Of course it's not the BEST looking movie theater out there, but it's tolerable! The line for popcorn and snacks is usually pretty long though, so get there early if you're planning on snacking. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a cheap fun night out.
5	What can we say? It's always been the one true home for Rocky Horror in Las Vegas. Ever since Regency took over the place and brought it back from the dead a few years back, the place hasn't looked as good in such a long time. We draw great crowds for our show, the staff has been great, the hot dogs are damn good for a dollar, and you can't beat $1.50 movies (Or $9 for Rocky Horror). Remember, it's the experience of seeing it on a big screen! And thanks to everyone out there who have been coming out to the theater and keeping it going!
4	It's a dirty dive. But so what....it's also a movie in a theater for a buck fifty. What do you expect? Don't go during the day....too many families with ill mannered children to have any chance of enjoying a film during the day. Your best bet is an R rated film, as late as you possibly can. And if you bring snacks, hide them in your pockets because they definitely will check your bags!
4	Its kind of in a sketchy area (in my opinion) Its usually pretty clean, the staff have always been super nice to us, the price is perfect, they have a large choice of movies playing, the snacks are just as good as any pricey movie theater (the crispy cookies, are awesome!) I take away one star simply because its not a brand new swanky theater and not yet a really awesome old timey theater. As other reviewers have mentioned dont bring a purse or bag unless you want it possibly searched and bring cash. Have fun at the movies!!!
3	At Tropicana Cinemas you get what you pay for, so at $1.50 ticket for an out-of-regular-theaters movie, if you don't expect much you won't be disappointed. I like to come here to get the movie theater experience for movies I'm interested in seeing, but don't want to pay the movie theater price.It's a great cheap night out. But watch out for the following: Where the movie theater really makes it's money, as with any theater, is in the concessions, so watch carefully. What started out as a cheap $5 outing can quickly turn into $20 or $30 if you don't spend wisely. That being said - the $1 hot dogs are decent. Also, make sure you arrive early to get a seat. Many times the theaters are packed and the lines to purchase tickets can get long. If you're a last-minute movie goer, make sure you add a little extra time to accommodate for this.Final word of caution - make sure you use the bathroom before you leave the house and don't drink a lot of fluids while you are there. The bathrooms are ALWAYS in a disgustingly dirty state and reek to the point of inducing nausea.Again, you get what you pay for. I give this a 3 star rating because it falls short in several areas - most disturbingly the cleanliness factor, but i don't expect it to be a top-end movie theater either. For what it is - it's A-OK.
4	I love this place. Tuesday night is $1.00 movies they now have 3-D movies for $1.50 more. The only down fall is the popcorn and sodas are the same price as all the other theaters. It's a little run down but still a great price it won't stop me.
5	It seems obscene today that purchasing two movie tickets is almost the cost of purchasing a DVD. That being said, Tropicana Cinemas is truly a steal at $1.50 a ticket. Why not wait a month to catch movies for a significantly cheaper price?I tend to avoid the concessions, as they are as costly as a regular movie theater, though I'm always down for a hot dog or two as they are only $1 a piece. The only downside to this theater is the crowd of people it brings in. More often than not, there's at least one or two people in the theater who comment throughout the ENTIRE movie and it can be maddening at times. If you wait long enough to see certain films, you might be lucky enough to be the only person in the theater!
1	I have been going here for 2 years, I have over looked the nasty bathrooms, the trash strewn theaters. I felt bad for the 1 employee that was working while 3 others were popping gum and chatting behind the counter, but today took the cake. I pay my money, I actually buy the concessions. but today we were told after purchasing our tickets that we had to wait outside, OUTSIDE. who does that. and they were very hostile. I mean we usually go about 30 or 40 minutes early cause it takes forever to go through the line sometimes we like to play those cheesy arcade games (when they work) when it get 115 like it does every summer I wander how it will go over, like a lead balloon I expect
3	I am a family of 3, mom, dad, and a 3 year old. We both work full time jobs and are full time students, we're not paying $60+ just to go to a "real" theater.Yes, the theater was full of kids but they were all behaved. We didn't have any problems with talking or disruption during the movie. The audio and picture were both fine as well. We had a very enjoyable experience our first time here. However, we didn't eat anything, we didn't use the child booster seats or use the bathroom (that was a little questionable) and I carried around a pocket sized hand sanitizer. I understand it's cheap but they could still keep the place a little cleaner.They did make me open my purse to see if we had brought any outside food in, but they just glanced into it, it wasn't harassing at all.Basically, you get what you pay for. So, I'm not complaining. We'll still return :)
4	My favorite place to see movies once they've left the first run theaters. I love the ambiance, although it's an older theater and a bit dinhy, it feels like a small town movie theater. The doors to the individual theaters open right into the lobby, so on a busy day there are a lot of people in the lobby. If you're lucky enough to see a movie in a crowded theater expect a lot of appropriate audience reaction!I love the classic movie murals they have painted, and the arcade machines are a definite plus. I'm pretty sure I could happily spend the day watching movies and playing Galaga.The screens themselves aren't bad, but I'm not a film snob, so I might not notice bad quality. A couple times I've noticed minor scratches in films, which is to be expected for second run films that aren't digital. The restrooms are really the only thing I dislike, as they can be downright gross on busy days.
5	When compared to other theaters in Las Vegas that cost less than $10 a ticket, this is a fine theater! It's easy to get to on Tropicana Ave. They always have room in the parking lot and it is not too far from several fast food restaurants. Here's a pro tip guys: if you are taking a date to a movie and don't want to blow a lot on snacks, don't sneak snacks into the theater as that's not cool. Take your date out to eat at IHOP before going to the theater. They always have several deals where you can get real food for around $6 a plate. Then, you aren't as hungry for snacks. For $1.50 ($1.00 on Tuesdays), you get a bigger screen than you'll probably ever have at home with loud stereo sound. The way movies, especially ones with special effects, are meant to be seen. The seats might not rival your la-z-boy at home, but they are comfortable enough. Their offerings of movies have improved lately with more recent films. They still have classic movies now and then too. As far as being clean goes, if it isn't super clean that's the audience's fault. If people would stop throwing trash everywhere, scratching graffiti, and otherwise abusing every public place, this theater and other places would look a lot nicer. Treat the theater the way you would your living room at home people! Do you throw trash all over your own floor? As far as 'rude kids' goes, that is their own fault and their parents' fault. If the theater workers tried to make the kids behave, I bet they'd get flack for that too. I'm rather glad that they search bags. If you are worried about your privacy, leave your embarrasing/illegal stuff at home. I can no longer afford to go to the casino and mall theaters thanks to the recession. Most of the time, I just stay home and watch movies on Netflix. But when I crave a real theater experience, I scrape together some cash and go to this theater. I like the decorations in this theater. They have lovely hand painted murals and big movie posters. More character than your average metroplex theater.
5	I paid $1 to watch a movie in a movie theatre...Yeah it smelled like old stale popcorn and old people, and there was baby crying during some scenes...But I paid $1 for a movie in a movie theatre...I think I won!
5	If you go to the theaters for *the experience* you really can't go wrong, here. So what if it's run down? So what if the clientele yells at the screen? (No, really, they even yelled and screamed at Moneyball. MONEYBALL!) The ticket prices can't be beat, and best of all, you don't have to suffer going through town square or a casino. If you don't mind seeing a movie a month or two after it's released, this place will quickly become your favorite theater.
4	For one dollar and fifty cents, you CAN NOT beat this place. Not first run movies, or elegant; just a place to go watch movies when your television screen is not adequate. Go with a positive attitude and enjoy!
4	This place has helped me rediscover the joys of going to a movie theater to watch movies without taking out a loan first.
2	Okay, so it is $1.50 per ticket at Tropicana Cinemas. But let me tell you, ya get what ya pay for. There are only I think 5 screens here and a small lobby with 80s and 90s vintage arcade games. It gets crowded in there when people have not yet gone to their theatre. Once inside the theatre you realize that the $1.50 price tag brings in the, um, inconsiderate element. People who spend the movie texting and arguing with security when told to stop. People who bring their screaming kids into a rated R  movie with excessive violence and salty language. People who do not know how to stay in their seats. I would almost rather pay the outrageous prices at other theatres if only for the more comfortable seats and fewer idiots.
4	Great place for a cheap movie. It is close and a nice chance to see movies on the big screen. The place is not as nice as the full price places but they do a good job. You will see trash and broken seats on occasion. Quite the mix of people and very family oriented. Entry for movies is cash only.
3	This is an almost relic to the past, as one of the last old style cinemas in town.  I hadn't been to Tropicana Cinemas in a very long time, and not much had changed to be honest.  The place was in about the same condition it was 10 years ago.  It wasn't in bad condition then, and it was about the same now.  Now...I did see the Rocky Horror Picture Show with the live cast, so I really can't say much on the picture or sound quality...if you have to ask why...you've never been to a Rocky Horror Picture Show event...and you should really go!The theater was pretty packed and I don't think anyone was getting refreshments as you don't really have time to do much with them during the show anyways.  It seemed pretty clean to me, but I'm a guy...I don't mind if the floor is a little sticky, the bathroom smells like a bathroom or if the carpets are a little extra dirty.  The seats were comfortable and I don't remember anybody kicking my chair, so that is always a plus!I can't say what it's like to see a normal movie there, as it's been years, but the theater itself seemed ok...and I may be back again soon to take in another Rock Horror!  You should too!
1	This visit happen to be one of those "if only I had looked up the reviews on Yelp prior" to coming.I recently joined a movies Meet-Up group who had sent me an invite to view the Hansel and Gretel Witch Hunters movie which we had missed viewing when it first came out. It happened to being playing at this theater in which I had never been to. My Fiance had been here once in the past and he did make the comment that it is not very clean.I should have known better and thought back to the gross memories of the disgusting $1.00 cinema we had in San Diego back in the 1990's. Why does it have to be so bad even if cheap? It just really goes to show that you get what you pay for!Anyhow we get their and purchase tickets for $1.50 each, walk in to have my purse searched by a young lad who cringed and was clearly remorseful at having to do so. I know he did not feel comfortable or like having to search my handbag but that is what he is required to do. I am sure glad that we were full from just having dinner out so that I did not attempt to sneak any snacks in! If you are caught with snacks they will ask you to take it back to your car as witnessed.The site of a security officer whom was patrolling all of the theaters and lobby was a turn off. You do not see or have security patrolling "regular" movie theaters and it just makes me think of what has happened in the past and what could happen while we are there, ugh.I had several iced teas from our dinner out so it was time to take a trip to the ladies room. The bathroom did not smell good and two of the stalls were not operating and filled with waste. I found a toilet that appeared to be waste free however the box for toilet covers was empty fuck really? It was not just that stall, all of the stalls were empty so I did not know if they are no longer providing seat covers or just out of stock? I had to go so I took my chances come to find out the toilet paper dispenser was EMPTY!!! This is damn ridiculous and thank goodness I had my purse with me and a pack of tissue on hand or I would not have been able to wipe. This is not acceptable to have a dirty, smelly bathroom with no toilet paper or toilet covers stocked!This killed it, never again will I be back to this nasty theater with a bathroom that should be quarantined! I decided at that moment I will also be skipping my trip to the snack bar, let us just watch this movie and get the hell out of here!I am glad the movie was good otherwise we would have walked out because the theater had no air conditioning or air circulating. The air was thick and it was hard to breath, I was sweating in fact and hoping nobody was sick in the theater as we all would have caught it. This particular showing was full so to be in a room sucking every body's hot air in and out 5-10 each times was miserable. It was stuffy, hot, smelly and just plain crappy is all I could think during the movie.I will gladly pay full price at a major theater to enjoy watching a movie in a clean, air conditioned, toilet paper stocked and safer atmosphere in which it does not feel like I am entering a jail compound with purse check and security on site.The savings is just not worth such a crappy experience.The broken row of chairs in the back row were covered in yellow caution tape.I also noticed unlike a "regular" movie theater it seemed as if the patrons here are loud, talk on cell phones, talk, and walk in and out during the movie. It does not make sense and just because it is a discounted movie theater does not mean you don't act like a regular human being and not be respectful of others in a theater. I am so done with this place it is not even funny!I just read the review that Mysti posted on her visit and it was like dejavu!
3	1.00 movies(Tuesday Only) and 1.50 every other day? What could be better. It is cash only. You end up spending more money  on then the actual movie. The theaters are pretty small, but find a time to go during the week or earlier in the day.
2	OK so we missed Evil Dead when it was out at the major theaters so my hubby said let's check it out as it was playing here.After our last 1 star visit I was not too excited to return even if for a movie I was really wanting to see.Well this visit was a lot better than the first I am happy to report. Our movie was plating in theater #2 which was air conditioned and had plush comfortable seats.(unlike our last visit where there were yellow taped off rows of broken seats as if a crime scene were under investigation)The cost was $2.00 per person which is a great deal for a movie, $1.00 hot dogs also which were hot and tasty, very good wieners indeed!The only thing that sucked is that a small, I mean SMALL bag of popcorn is $3.50. What turned me off is that their concession floor was covered in popcorn and a complete mess! They need to thank their lucky stars that the health department did not make a stop by on this day. That is just not healthy, not only did it look bad seeing that mess behind the counter but I just think of what a roach haven this could create. I still can not get that popcorn mess of a visual out of my freaking head! It must be common place because when I said something in shock to the cashier she just looked back at the mess and shrugged her shoulders as if their lack of cleanliness is common place.I should have taken a picture seriously, because it is a must see to believe type of thing. I mean these employees were standing on at least 3 inches of popcorn on the ground while bagging mine. I understand popcorn can get messy however when there is more popcorn on the ground then in the popper there is an issue.Anyhow I am just happy the theater was air conditioned this time as we sweat our cracks off on our last visit!We may be back depending on the movie that is playing as we can catch what we miss while at the major theaters here.
1	I can not believe they will not you into the theater without searching your purse!Since when do they have the right to do this!Everyone in america learns not to search a women's purse by the time they are two.  Say no to the search!!!!
3	It's hard to beat $2 movies and $1 movies on Tuesdays.  They don't have stadium seating, but the floor slants enough where you don't see the heads in front of you blocking the screen.   I wanted to catch up on a few movies that I missed.  They were located on E Tropicana Ave/S Pecos Rd in Las Vegas.  I will be back.
1	Great prices! Great hotdogs! They have good a/c a good place for kids BUT The restrooms are ALWAYS nasty they stink they are full of toilet paper over flowing the whole entire flore is wet in the restroom! Effin NASTY! So as long as u have no need to use there restroom / ruin your shoes it's a good place it enjoy a movie with friends n family!!
2	This was my third visit.  The last 2 times I had problem with heads in front of me in my way so I had to move.  Do people have to sit right in front of me when the whole theater is wide open?People had babies crying, children running in and out to the bathroom, and people texting during the movie.  Rude!  And the floor was sticky.When I got out of the theater, there was a beer bottle behind my tire.  I don't know if I'll be back.
3	It's not bad, refreshments are good, not stale. They turn a blind eye to sneaking in candy. I like that. It's not an upscale theater buys its cheap. You get what you pay for. If you want upscale choose a newer one, if you're in the mood for what they're showing, relax, have fun.
3	Not a new or Luxury theater, but for $2 per movie and less expensive snacks that are good, and fresh, it's a good place to see a movie.  Theaters are older and it's not the cleanest, but it is way better than it was before Regency took it over.  Movies are all second and third run, right before DVD release and some even after, but still a good value, I bring my kids to see matinee movies I didn't want to pay full ride for, wouldn't take the kids past 6... Overall, I recommend it.
4	It's an okay place to catch a good movie for a lot cheaper although it shows them months after the movie release. The little bag of small popcorn was $3 last time we bought snacks here (never did it again) which was ridiculous. Place is kinda smelly and rundown but you get what you pay for. We still like to go here for a cheap date night though. It's perfect for us because we can see the late shows after our kids had gone to bed and we can leave them with a family member.
2	This isn't the place to take your girl on a romantic first date, but if you've been together a few years and your SO is dying to see some specific movie that came out 2 months ago- I'll give you the thumbs up.This would be a solid 4-star establishment, except for the following..CONS:Too many young children allowed to talk through the film.(Really, why are you bringing your infant and toddler to Bad Grandpa, anyway?)Prices are constantly increasing, which means value is decreasing.($2 per ticket, it was $5.50 for a small popcorn, $5.00 for a large soda- prices are on par or more expensive than traditional theaters)Establishment isn't maintained well; restrooms, seating and flooring all could use a little work.I can overlook that this place isn't located in the greatest part of town, I can overlook that the bathrooms are a little dirty, I can overlook that people bring their kids- the cheap tickets have become less of a value.
3	This place is great for taking my kids to the movies. I love the nachos!!! You can't beat the price. I don't like that they check my purse as I walk in but I just go with it. I also think that they need more people working the concession part as I am always waiting in long lines to get popcorn.
4	Look, what do you want for less than half the price of a usual movie ticket? For the price of a matinee elsewhere you can get a movie and a hot dog. Yes the place is run down and staffed by teens 99% of the time. I have yet to have a problem that was related to the business or staff. The staff is friendly and the place is seldom packed. They don't have the money like all the casinos so as others have said, you get what you pay for. There's nice silver linings to the place too! Not only do you get a deal for a movie but you can sneak in other goodies and save even more. (Though it does take away from the cinema) I've even brought in a flask back when I drank! The only complaint I have is that many of the costumers can be loud, messy, or just a-holes. But I spent $30 to see Thor2 and had the same problem at a Station Casino Cinema, I just feel less ticked when I spent $5 over $30.  You like movies? You like cheap hotdogs? No, I'm not coming on to you! Try this place out.
3	Overall clean and cheap but u get what u pay for. Not the greatest selection and the popcorn needs to be salted in the machine.
2	Love the $2 movie price. Don't like the area. Theatre was small. And out dated. Seats are small. I never went to the bathroom so I couldn't tell you how clean it was. Lil scary. When I was in line. A guy had a blade visible on his waist line. They didn't say anything. Made me feel unsafe. At least hide it!
4	Now who agrees with me, movie tickets are ridiculous nowadays!! The price continues to rise and rise. Unless you're going to fall out of your seat if you don't see a movie right when it comes out,  it is worth the wait. I wish I would have know about Tropicana Cinemas years ago because everyone enjoys going to the movies, but is there really anything "that" special about a particular theater? NO not really. Most people enjoy deals and discounts. This is a second showing theater which plays all the movies that were just in the bigger first showing theaters. If you can wait a couple weeks to see a movie and go here you can literally see 5 different movies for the price you would have paid to see one!!! Now that's a great deal to me. Located on pecos and tropicana its not the greatest neighborhood around but also not the worst and now I've been there many times and can't complain about any experience. There's never a long line to wait in, they are very quick with ticket sales, and there's security at the door checking bags for safety. The convenience stand has comparable prices to any other theater, the bathrooms are clean ( atleast when I've went) and the theater seating are just as good as any other theater. Tickets are onlu 2 $ a piece! IMAX for 3 $ and on Tuesday they have tickets for 1 $ !!! If you go every tuesday in a month with your partner or friend you will spend 8 $ only and see 4 different movies. Just saying a good deal is a good deal. The theater building Itself could use a bit of life and upbringing to stay up to date and pleasing but other then that head on down!
3	The following is a detailed review of the Tropicana Cinemas, a subsidiary of Regency Theaters.  My husband and I visited the cinema for the first time for a Saturday 7 p.m. showing of Captain America 2.  The theater and our auditorium were busy, with approximately 70 - 80 seeing the show.We thought the (P)Leather seats were comfortable, clean and well maintained.  A repeat customer commented on the fact that there were new seats in the theater (we were in Auditorium #3).  I like the pleather seats much better than cloth and the seats rocked back and a nice incline.  Seat rows are not too close.  There is only one auditorium and no upper and lower levels.  The minus with the seats is that the back is high.  Since the theater floor does not incline that much, this means that anyone standing up in front of you will block the screen and/or shorter guests (children) might have a hard time seeing the screen.  That's probably why I noticed a very large stack of booster seats in the lobby.There are five auditoriums.  When the lobby is busy, you can hear noise from the congestion in that area.  Theater has one box office window.  At the time of this writing, tickets were $2.00 each ($1.00 on Tuesdays) and $3.50 for 3D showings.  Tickets for this theater cannot be purchased online.Upon purchasing a ticket, you enter the doors on the right.  There is one security/ticket taker stand, and a small concessions area.  The security person does request to look inside women's purses. The sign at the Security Stand states:  "No Outside Food or Drink - CASH ONLY."  Bag Policy:  No shopping bags, no trash bags, no luggage bags, and no large bags of any kind.  All hand bags, side bags and purses brought into the Tropicana Cinemas are subject to search.   Staff and management reserve the right to refuse any and all bags.  We cannot hold any items for any reason.  You may enter the building 20 minutes prior to the show.  Ticket sales are no longer available 20 minutes after start of show.  We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.  Not responsible for items left in theaters.  These policies apply to everyone.  No Exceptions."The prices at the concession stand are not discounted and most items are comparable to a regular movie theater.   I know from my days working at a movie theater that the box office money goes to the movie makers and the concession stand goes to the theater, so see why prices are high.    There is one long line for concessions.Prices at the time of this writing for concessions:POPCORN:Large Popcorn (free refill) - $6.26, Medium Popcorn - $5.25, Small Popcorn $4.25.  Combo #1 (Family Combo) - $19.75 [two large drinks, one large popcorn, one nachos].COMBOS:Combo #2 - $18.00 [2 Icee, 1 Nachos, 1 Pretzel].  Combo #3 - $15.25 [two large drinks, one large popcorn].  Combo #4 - $11.50 [one super nachos, one large drink] / All combos come with your choice of a free Sour Jacks or Muddy Bears Candy.  KIDS COMBOS:One kids tray of popcorn, one 12 ounce soda and one kid's candy is $5.00 (if purchasing the Kid's combo with an Icee, then it's $5.75).DRINKS:Large Drink (free refill) - $4.50, Medium Drink -$4.00, Small Drink - $3.50.  Icee - $4.75, Large Water - $4.00, Small Water - $3.00CANDY:   $2.75, $3.50, and $3.75SNACKS:  $1.00 for Hot Dogs (Eisenberg brand); PretzelsThe lobby in general is congested.  There is an ATM machine present along with many arcade games.  The lobby is the center hub for accessing the five auditoriums as well as the men's and women's restrooms - a lot of activity in a small place.  The restrooms were clean (trash not emptied as typical at most movie theaters).  Place in general is old but clean and maintained.On the theater's Weekly Movie Guide, they advertise a "Reward Program."  However, when we inquired about this, we were told that the Reward Program does not apply to this location.  However, you can sign up for e-mails about future screenings or download the Regency Cinemas phone app for show times.  Theater can also be "liked" on Facebook.  Group rates and rentals are also available; call (702) 248-7469 for details.Three previews were shown prior to the show.  There were a lot of people talking loudly at the beginning of the movie, but finally stopped after the first five minutes. Also, there was a small line of late arrivers up to 5 minutes after the movie started, and an usher helped seat them. The Manager was visible several times, seen standing in the lobby.This theater is truly "discounted" if you live in the area and if you don't purchase from the concession stand.  However, if you have to drive far or if you purchase from concessions, then there isn't that big of a savings.  For us, we missed a general run of a blockbuster movie but still wanted to see it on the big screen.   Thank goodness this theater was not "ghetto fab" but just too far for us, as we will return occasionally.  Most people would probably enjoy this entertainment option.
4	Not for the special occasion, but enough for everyday entertainment.  Wonderful in cost efficiency and the performance.  Sure, I love to come back.
4	I was going to keep this place to myself, but I thought that not very many people come here for Movie Theater reviews so what the heck here goes.We are sooo lucky to have this relatively rare second run theater in the valley. It's the only one and has been converted to digital!That's key since the old second run theaters used  get mangled, worn out movie prints that made the discount price not worth the effort. But with all digital projection it's exactly the same as the expensive first run theater. So if you can wait 2 or 3 months you only pay:General Admission $2.00 All Day Tuesday $1.00 3D Admission $3.50FOR THE EXACT SAME EXPERIENCE! The sound and 3-D is identical.Obviously there is no IMax screen but I never found it worth shelling out all that dough. Theater features rocking leatherette seats with high backs, and movable arms with cup holders. It is relatively clean and does not smell despite some of the older comments listed here.Oh and it's less than a mile up Trop from that great Taco joint everyone's talking about: http://www.yelp.com/biz/taco-tijuana-las-vegasAgain these second run theaters have become scarce due to the high cost of converting to digital. So this one's a real gem.Be advised that due to the low price there can be kids and babies in the audience. Go to the late shows to avoid them.
1	Disappointed that this favorite movie location has become overrun by hoodlums. Where you once were able to enjoy a date and a movie you now have to pray that crying infants/children are not present or worse, adults who talk throughout the movie. Although a strong sense of nostalgia endured me, I'm much more willing to patronize the main stream theaters and not deal with the hassle. ESPECIALLY since Tropicana Management is unwilling to do anything about the loud talking MOVIE crashers.As someone who has been attending the theater for some time now through it's closing and it's re opening I feel that this one star is for the lack of cleanliness ( restrooms constantly out of order, toilet paper, and paper towels, with mountains of paper towels filling the garbage receptacle and spilling onto the floor like molten lava).      The lack of concern for people disrupting movies that everyone is trying to enjoy.      The lack of ingenuity when it comes to having an express line for refills only, as needed.
3	We missed when Malificent was in the main theaters and my MIL wanted to watch it so off we went as a family. Movies were only $2. Concessions are a bit more like usual theaters as the popcorn was $5, but I didn't mind as it was fresh popped as we were in line. Keep in mind though, this is a CASH ONLY business so be prepared with some paper. It looks a bit tired of a lobby in that it reminds me of small town theaters growing up in the 90's. There's various video games and prize type games and even a cotton candy making machine. The actual theater had comfy leather seats but had tall back rest. It looks like the seats that are meant for step level theaters but this was a flat floor so I assume that they got these seats from a theater that closed. If you are a small child or short-ish like me, it's a bit harder to see. The picture and sound quality was just OK, the sound definitely could be much better. The thing that sucks is while there were few people at the showing, there were a bunch of annoying kids whose parents allowed them to talk through the entire thing and kick our seats. It's so damn ghetto and while it's not exactly super late, little kids probably shouldn't be out on a Monday for a 9pm evening show.  I see now looking at reviews, this is a common complaint instead of bad luck on my part with the shitty family behind us. There was also a homeless dude sleeping in there snoring away. So the movies are really cheap and that's a big pro when some movie theaters are charging $10 a piece, you can take the whole family on that $10 here. On Tues, they even run a special $1 movie night. BUT for me, it's across town and not some place I would see myself running back to deal with the unpleasant children. I rarely watch movies, I would rather go to a late showing in a nicer place and have a good experience.
3	I come here more then I have checked in. Not bad for a CHeAP movie. Clientele is questionable. Concessions are super pricey and don't think about sneaking in outside food they check you. Only " dollar theater" left in Vegas. And they has 3 d movies as well! A bit on thee dirty side but not horrible just keeping it real ;)
5	They have new seats. This place is a must for locals.  REALY!! Price to boot. The movies have pretty clean audio and pitcure quality.  And it's cheap.  CASH ONLY!! I bring my 2 kids popcorn and drink for like 10 bucks !!! See for your self.  1 dollar hotdogs.
4	I can't believe anybody can come up with a reason to dis this theater. First run movies for two bucks? Can't beat that with a stick. This is the first place I check every time I want to go to the movies. Like people say, it's reasonably clean and the popcorn is good. Oh, and it's still a dollar on Tuesdays.
4	They check your bags after you buy your ticket. So, yay for safety :) (shout out to the guy who let my man and I keep our energy drink and candy). You get what you pay for here,  so the seats aren't as comfortable as other theaters,  but it's not terrible. UA Showcase 8 on the strip has the same chairs and they charge more than triple the price. Whenever I go here, I've noticed that about half of the time, it feels like I'm watching a movie with lots of family and friends.  Some people are on their phones, a baby cries here and there, etc. When there's crazy stuff that happens in a suspense movie, everyone is like OOOOOOH MY GOD! Rooting for the good guy, boo-ing the villian. I've been coming here on and off for 15 years, so clearly I'm into it :)
3	The theatre itself is pretty old and small, cramped, but relatively clean and CHEAP; $2 per ticket.  Cash only.  If it weren't for the low prices it would be a one star.
