5	I am extremely glad to have found such a highly qualified, board certified and properly licensed doctor using the Vitals and HealthGrades websites. I would HIGHLY recommend Dr Gandotra to anyone like me who avoided getting a colonoscopy out of fear. He inspired trust and confidence and seemed highly intelligent and professional from the moment I met him. He explained the procedure; his assistant provided further guidance and written instructions. The preparation was simple and not harsh physically. The procedure was done at Summerlin Hospital where the staff could not have been nicer or more skilled. I was put under by the anesthetist; woke up when it was over, and left a few minutes later with no grogginess and no discomfort. Dr Gandotra's follow-up meeting to share the test results with me was timely. If I'd known the procedure was this easy, I'd have done it years ago, but I also know it's because Dr Gandotra and his clinical staff are all so excellent. (Admin staff was very nice and efficient, too.) I highly recommend Dr Gandotra!
2	I was suffering multiple G.I. symptoms, like stomach ache and bloated belly (intestine area). The doc immediately ordered a very expensive endoscopy procedure ($3000 total WITH insurance). He said I could try different meds to find out what is wrong if I didnt want to do the procedue. But I have no clue it would have cost so much and didnt want to wait months after months of trial and error with meds so I did it. When I went back to see the results, he was only going to prescribe meds for my stomach, not telling me what I should do with my unusual bloatedness that is way below the stomach area. I reminded him my intestinal bloatedness was about to cause me to explode, and it's not just in the stomach, it's in my small intestines, he turned all sarcastic on me and asked why didn't I tell him what to do now because I sounded like I am the doctor. He could have told me something like all G.I. problems are connected why dont we start by treating your stomach, instead of having a power trip with a patient who was asking questions only because her body was feeling super uncomfortable and she just wanted to find out what is wrong and fix it!!!! What a pity, I thought I found a charming and caring doctor in the beginning. The procedure itself was really smoothly done. I felt the anesthesia going into the IV and 2 counts later I passed out. When I woke up, everything was done! It was like a miracle. It just cost a lot of money and I'm not sure if it was necessary in my case.
5	Dr. Gandotra is a true life savior.I was having abdominal pain in the upper part.I went to see him.He had a detailed discussion with me.He asked if my pain moved anywhere.I told him that it goes to my upper back all the time.I remember him saying "we  need to look at your pancreas"He scheduled me for a CT Scan of the abdomen.He called me with the results and asked me to come the office right away.His diagnosis was accurate. I had a tumor in the pancreas.We had a long discussion.He scheduled me to see Dr. Fusco next week  who performed the surgery.Dr. G was always available during the recovery period.I am totally cancer free and can't thank Dr. G enough.I am a PHD and my brother is a doctor in California.As per the data, 80% of people diagnosed with pancreatic cancer die within 6 months of diagnosis.I am one of the lucky few who survived thanks to the prompt diagnosis.I recommend him highly.God Bless.Robert
5	Greetings Yelp users!  I had my very first colonoscopy at age 62 last week.  I m a veteran and the VA is now referring patients out to private practices for procedures they are not equipped to do, of which a colonoscopy is one.  The VA sent me a list of several local providers to choose from, and frankly the reviews of most were not that great.   I liked the most recent review on Yelp for Dr. Gandotra, and was very pleased with the overall experience with his group clinic, Elite Endoscopy on Smoke Ranch in Las Vegas.  I will say that it was very difficult to reach his staff initially, but once I was in touch with them after the first two weeks of trying to get through to them the communication was excellent and the care provided by his team was very good. I must say his office is very busy, with patients lined up about ten deep in the waiting room.  However, after about an hour wait you will be processed pretty quickly.  Dr. Gandotra has a pleasant and knowledgeable attitude, having done over 10,000 procedures!  The day of my colonoscopy I arrived at the scheduled time of 7:30am, and waited about an hour to get to the back area where the procedures are done.  The only hiccups were that I specified (3 times) not to call my pick up ride before 10:30am, but that request was miscommunicated, as the nurses use the computer for calling info rather than the sheet that is written on during the intake process.  Also the nurse who put in my IV was not very good, as it hurt badly, and continued to hurt for quite a while after.  There was a lot of blood that "contaminated" the sheets, and I was told their laundry delivery hadn't arrived that day, so they just seemed to fold the bloody sheet area underneath me and kept moving along. I've had many IV's before while donating blood, and only one other bad experience like this.  There is a professional anesthesiologist on staff who seems quite good also. Once in the procedure room I was given a dose of Propofol, which instantly put me out.  After the procedure was done (about 50 minutes) I was tapped on the shoulder and told to wake up.  I awoke right away, feeling fully alert and refreshed.  That Propofol is amazing!  They do process about 20 patients a day there or more, so it was quite busy, kind of an assembly line atmosphere, but no problems other than the ones mentioned.   The nurse gives you a very short report on the procedure results and then tells you they will contact you for a follow-up appointment at the doctor's patient office on W. Charleston. Overall I would highly recommend this doctor and his staff. The worst part of it all was the bowel prep.  See if you can find something that doesn't require you to drink 7 pounds of liquid the night before! There has been no pain or discomfort of any sort after the procedure, although it may take a couple of days for you to use the bathroom again.
5	My husband and I moved to Las Vegas about a year ago, and I go to Yelp often to look for referrals. I was 5 years overdue for a colonoscopy, and family members kept telling me to  get it done!!  Ok-- so I search on Yelp, found Dr. Gandotra and see that he has a very good rating from prior patients.   From my first consultation meeting, through the procedure itself, it was the smoothest medical procedure I've ever had!!  The office staff was pleasant on the phone, I made my appointment for the consultation, and at that appointment he asked when I wanted to have it done, and what hospital I preferred.  I think I went in on a Monday and had the procedure done on Friday. I went to Spring Valley Hospital and I can't say enough about them either!! Everything went like clockwork. I needed directions to the proper area, one of the desk gals walked me to where I was suppose to be.  I checked in, at 8 am , was wheeled in for the procedure at 10 am (the check in, IV prep, etc took most of the time, but still moved along smoothly) and was actually home by 11:15 am!!  Unbelievable!  I was scared to have this done,but drinking the laxative stuff the day before was the worst part. The follow-up office call about a week afterward was informative and short. About a 10 minute wait in the lobby.  Dr. Gandotra is easy to talk to and explains everything. I was also worried about the anesthesia, but didn't have any problems.  Woke up feeling good, not nauseous . Would highly recommend Dr. Gandotra for this procedure!
