4	this past friday, i found myself off to a rather sophisticated affair.  see, i was off to the theatre to finally see phantom of the opera!!  the operatic singing, the glamourous costumes, the chandlier, and of course the phantom, i knew it was going to be a fabulous evening!!  and to start it off, i sat down to pre theatre dinner at one of my favourite thai restaurants.i have been a frequent customer of siam thani and it's a number one choice for me and my theatre going friend who is a vegetarian for our pre show dinners.  it's our favourite as i love thai food and there is a whole vegetarian menu for my friend meaning she's not limited to her choices.as per usual we decided to share a starter and had the vegetable tempura.  it was a plate full of fresh veg coated in crispy and tasty tempura batter.  there was also a nice dip of some sort of chilli sauce, but clearly homemade and not the sugary sweet variety you buy in tesco.  my favourite tempura veg was by far the broccoli, it was a cripsy outside and a still firm piece of broccoli on the inside. mmmmm.now despite being here a number of times, i've actually only had about three dishes off the menu and last night it was my number one choice... the famous pad thai!!! yum yum yum!!!!!!!!!  i have tried pad thai in over a dozen thai restaurants in edinburgh and i still say that this place has the absolute best.  this noodle delight comes in a big portion piled high with bean sprouts, egg, and your meat (or tofu) of choice.  i usually go for the veggie option, but last night i fancied a change and went for king prawn.  my plate arrive with huge king tiger prawns freshly cooked and very meaty.  just delicious!!  i was a bit sad that there seemed to be a lack of veggies besides the bean sprouts and green beans though.  i may need to ask for extra next time.  also, the pad thai comes with a little side dish of crushed peanuts and dry chillis, so if you don't like heat be careful not to add the chilli side of this little bowl to your noodles!!the service here is outstanding as well.  being in for a pre theatre dinner we usually only have about an hour to eat.  but having ordered a started to share and a main each tme we have been there we've still always left with plently of time to get across the street to the playhouse.  the starters are brought out almost immediately and the mains shortly after you finish your starter.  but do note that everything is made fresh, thai dishes just don't seem to take long to cook.  the waiters are also very attentive filling up water glasses promptly, clearing away dishes quickly, and brining the bill as soon as it is asked for.i will no doubt be back here, maybe one day to try another dish from the menu, as the food is amazing and the staff so welcoming!  it's perfect for a pre-theatre dinner and although a bit on the expensive side well worth the price for the quality of the food.  i think this is easily one of the best thai restuarants in edinburgh.
1	The toilets were disgusting, with an infestation of flies in the men's.  Not pleasant at all.  Stomach felt a bit ripe the next day as well.
1	This place is now shut!
