5	The newest Izakaya establishment in Las Vegas. They've just opened the door last week.This place is conveniently located in a mall next to Palms Casino Resort, much closer to the center of the strip than most Japanese restaurants in Chinatown.The owner has three restaurants in Tokyo, and this is their first branch in the US. No wonder that the foods are authentic, and of familiar modern feel if you've ever lived in Japan.I'm impressed with the selection, from small bite appetizers (this is what Izakaya is all about!) to yakitoris to hot items. Qualitywise items can be hit or miss (guessing due to grand opening mess), but pretty good on average.Some notable items are... salmon carpaccio with uni, deep fried octopus, bakudan, steak bowl.Some yakitoris had meager portion but overall great creativity with decent pricing.In Vegas, Izakaya-style Japanese restaurants are booming - Raku, Kyara, Ichiza to name a few - and Cocokala is a much welcomed addition to the scene.The name is a bit hard to spell out, though. It's a play on words for "koko kara", which is a Japanese idiom that means "from here" - probably a twisted way to communicate with Japanese clientele.The location is a great deal- I imagine I'll be eating here quite regularly.
5	We enjoyed a lots of selection of Beer and Sake.  I wished if they have house hot sake, but it is OK cuz there are so many to choose it.  It is hard to find tasty Agedashi-dofu, but their one was excellent!!!  That is a true Agedashi-dofu.
4	Izakaya Cocokala's menu reflects a lot of what would be found at a typical street corner izakaya in Japan with a couple of wrinkles from the norm.  I was excited to check it out.  Things were looking even better when I was the only non-Japanese patron in a restaurant 75% full on a Sunday night.  That's always a good sign!  Shocking me right off the bat was being served cold edamame.  Although typical in other places (like umm..Japan?), I've actually met people who grew up in Vegas thinking edamame was always served hot.  Even I expect it to be hot everytime in LV now for chrissakes.  I could tell this place gave a damn about "keeping it real" just from these itty bitty green things.My wife was ready to order "bakudan" as soon as we sat down.  She thinks natto (fermented soybeans that smell like the foot of a corpse and taste even worse) is the single greatest culinary contribution from Japan to the world.  Cocokala's version included said item, tuna, okra, yamaimo (mountain potato) and spicy mustard.  Mix everything up and go to town because you're a braver person than I.  She thought this was awesome.  I didn't expect the grilled saba (mackerel) to be my favorite dish but it totally was.  Nice portioned filet with a terrific char, tender meat and the oil from the fish had me considering another order as soon as I finished.  This went very well with their samurai barley beer which was their strongest brew at 10% alcohol.  I also had a bottle of their stout brewed with oysters which tasted like you'd expect.....super funky Guinness.  My wife loved their Echigo red ale.  All the premium brews are $9-$10 for a 12 oz bottle.  They also have a nice selection of sake and shochu.      Their chawanmushi (egg custard) was chockful of seafood deliciousness that rivaled Kyara's version.  I also thought highly of their take on black cod miso.  It's everything you'd expect at a very reasonable price.  Chicken cartilage skewers were something I missed dearly from my days in Japan.  Usually the cartilage is stripped naked of any meat before it's grilled but I kind of liked it better their way with chicken meat still on it.  Cocokala would become my new best friend if they started serving fried chicken cartilage :)Some stuff didn't make this visit five stars but they're all things that are correctable and are probably due to being so new.  I thought the white meat yakitori were very dry.  The ume jiso (sour plum sauce) kind of masked the dryness a little but the wasabi yakitori wasn't good.  They mistakenly added a grilled hamachi to our receipt.  And instead of being offered a refill of water, the glasses were simply taken away.  None of these are very big issues.  I am just happy there's another quality izakaya in town!!
2	This place is ridiculous.It took 40 minutes for them to process our credit cards. How do you open a restaurant without learning how to use the credit card processing system before hand? Please learn how to run a business better. We came in as a party of 8 and had to split our checks. They went through a mass confusion as to who ordered what when they were bringing out our food. Shouldn't they be figuring out this before hand? I tried several items on the menu - nothing that made me want to come back to try the food which means most likely I'm not coming back.
4	Being newly opened for only a couple weeks, this restaurant already seems to have its regulars with everyone coming in actually knowing each other; as if we walked in to a private event.  I guess that's a good sign of authenticity to their dishes since Japanese people frequent to this location.Great selection of beer and sake.  Looking through the list, oyster stout sticks out more than others.  A bit apprehensive about getting it though due to the idea of it being brewed with shellfish.  Surprisingly, it tasted just like a Guinness with a minute hint of oyster sauce flavor.Another first would be the bakudan--natto, tuna, yamaimo (mountain potato), and okra mixed in a bowl with spicy mustard and soy sauce.  This dish somewhat reminded us of the poached egg dish with sea urchin and salmon roe from Raku.  This, however, isn't for the faint of heart especially with the natto (fermented soy beans) that can be quite off-putting for those who haven't had one before because of its strong smell and slimy texture.Everything else we ordered were delicious and cooked perfectly.  Too bad this place isn't robata, nonetheless, flavors were on point.  Go for the grilled Salmon Kama and you won't be disappointed.  Their yakitori are also reasonably priced.  I ended up ordering multiples of chicken gizzard and cartilage.Overall, Izakaya Cocokala is a great addition to Japanese restaurants in the valley.  Delicious food, and superb service.  Dope place to hang out with friends.
5	This place is brand new and more modern style. Food is great but the service is even better! Anybody can come and enjoy.
5	Wow!!!! Service was over the top, killer selection of Japanese Micro Brews.The food... Where to start......wasabi root with octopus.... Amazing. We are going back tomorrow!!!
3	Some say that first impressions are everything.  For me, Izakaya Cocokala's first impression was inconclusive.  Compared to other izakayas in town, Cocokala's offerings are higher in price, but not necessarily higher in quality.My favorites were the chawanmushi, miso cod, and I believe the braised pork belly bowl.  The chawanmushi was light on the seafood, but it was a good version of the dish.  The miso cod was flavorful, but a very small portion.  The braised pork belly was served in a rich broth, and was tender enough to easily pull apart with chopsticks.  One disappointment was the bakudan dish, which had natto as one of the main ingredients.  Instead of the expected intense smell and flavor of the soybeans, it turned out to be a very bland dish.  I only managed to eat it with hot mustard added.  Our table also ordered several skewers, all of which were average and a bit pricey.So although Cocokala's first impression wasn't what I was hoping for, there was enough there that I want to go back and try more of the menu.  I'm not in a rush to do so, but at least one more visit will be made once the sake bar next door opens.
5	I ordered takeout over the phone and they were very nice. When i went into the restaurant to wait for my order, it was pretty empty ( i blame it on the wind and that tuesday nights are always one of the slower nights of the week). They gave me a seat at the bar to wait in and noticed i was still in uniform and struck up some conversation. There were two employees on the floor and they took turns chitchatting with me while we waited for my food to finish and i was the only customer there at the time. ( there was someone else there when i arrived but left a few minutes after i did). It was nice and it helped to pass the time. I knew one of the items was gonna take some time (chicken karaage always takes time) so i really appreciated it. I liked how they weren't just trying to ignore me like some other places i've been to. I mean, yeah, most of the time the employees are busy working but since there was no other people there, it was nice to be included in conversation.
5	I love that this place is open late night.  Great because I get off late, and it's a perfect place to go after work.  We used to go to Ichiza, but this place is way better.  The decor is way better too.  Nice small food bites, kinda like japanese tapas.
4	New Izakaya in Vegas! I really like this place. Black, white and lavender color decor looks very nice. All servers are friendly and nice too:) I like their cute picture menu reminds me of local izakaya that I used to go to back in Japan:) I really like their Hamachi carpaccio. They use super yummy belly part with unique toppings with seaweed salad. Amazing! I also love Black cod misoyaki. Very traditional izakaya menu that I've always wished I could have here in Vegas. Well, now I can! They have variety of skewers and they are ok. Just OK though... It's not the best skewers you can get in town. Too bad:( But I like most of the other stuff they have. Chicken nanban is also my favorite! I usually ask them to cook chicken well done. I've had it little pinkish once so I just want to make sure it's well cooked when I order them:)Over all it's my new favorite Japanese restaurant. I was so happy to have Warabi-mochi. I love Japanese old school sweets:)
5	We saw this place when going across the way to Umiya, and the next day, we came by to try it out. We had a group of 6 and we all tried different dishes. The general consensus was that we all liked it and would want to come back. I ordered the potato salad which was much bigger than I thought - it was fresh and tasted great! I also had the tempura bowl which was pretty sizable as well and I quite enjoyed it. The restaurant is on the smaller size, but it's very clean and well decorated. The service was also great - everyone was welcoming and responsive. Also I highly recommend the spider salad if you have a big group as an appetizer - it was amazing!
5	Nice little Japanese restaurant that has awesome food and awesome sake. Been quite frequenting this place cause my gf and I love Japanese food. If ur in the mood for a Japanese food and want to avoid Ichiza type of ambiance, this nice relaxed restaurant is the spot. Price is reasonable and the service is way above par. Miyuki is the manager and goes above and beyond. Open really late which is always good and their J's Sake Bar(next door) is always a hit if u wanna try many different flavors of sake
2	You'll find Izakaya Cocokala few steps away from Umiya, an AYCE sushi spot, near Arville and Flamingo basically near the Palms Casino.What can I say about IC besides if you're coming here you're pretty much here for their alcohol cause the food, at least what I had, wasn't that great. The interior is very nice, I like, and the staff was friendly but slow and they have a pretty good selection of alcohol. I had a beer but don't remember what I had, I'm sure it was something that I randomly picked of the menu.First up was the Rice Cracker Skewer Combo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/izakaya-cocokala-las-vegas?select=qIylUSrrG5sdLAJXrFyKCA#qIylUSrrG5sdLAJXrFyKCA I was very disappointed in the dish it was literally a few small skewed items fried in rice crackers with some ginger sauce. Maybe a few more larger skewers and not too fried I'd be nice. Even so it was too pricey and didn't taste so good.Next was the Braised Black Pork Belly http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/izakaya-cocokala-las-vegas?select=qIylUSrrG5sdLAJXrFyKCA#RFBIBkFfkoWItCH9vJYuMg which cost about $7. I didn't care for it.  Though it was cheaper and a little more filling than the Rice Cracker Skewers it almost tasted like eating an oily shoyu chicken but with pork belly. I needed some rice with it. It was pretty much the only decent food I had there. Next was the Black Cod Miso http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/izakaya-cocokala-las-vegas?select=qIylUSrrG5sdLAJXrFyKCA#_uygK0YKC20X7Z0JvfRtHA which was $7.50. It was a nice small piece of black cod with a good char on didn't have much of any flavor to it.  Again I didn't care for it.I sampled others food and pretty much the majority didn't care for IC too much. Overall I have to give them a 2 star.
2	The only reason I'm giving  a two star rating is because the beer and the halibut sashimi we had was good. We also ordered the chicken skewers, wings, salmon Ikura bowl, and beef tataki-- which made is very disappointed. We felt if the quality of the meats were better, the overall flavors would be good.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  The skewers. The dessert options. The modern Japanese decor. The Japanese omelette. The helpful servers.LOVE  Open late. Miyuki, the friendly manager. The flavorful sashimi bowl.
2	Went there for a midweek meetup dinner, when we arrived they didn't have our reservation but were able to still accomodate.  There was 9 people in our party and we had separate checks.  Food was just ok and orders came out at different times then in the order they were placed.  I was waiting awhile, mine happened to come split up.   My order wasn't complicated, got veggies first and then the skewers later.  All I ordered was stir fried veggies, thunderbird chicken, bombay shrimp, and an iced green tea.  Ran out of tea and had to ask for water. When we ordered dessert, it seemed slow but better than our dinner service.  Lastly when getting our bills, to process them took long as there were mistakes with some of the orders and they couldn't reprint receipts.  Don't feel like food/service was worth the price I paid, not a good experience for a large group and don't think I'll return.
5	I love this place! I love how small the portions are so you can taste the menu! Their fried chicken is great and so yakisabo (however you spell it). Overall this place has many food choices and drinks options.
4	very friendly stuffs with very interesting food menu and drink menu. will come back again when later visit Vegas!!:]
4	Great food!
5	As I am Japanese, this is true Japanese Izakaya Restaulant with great quality for price. Many selection of Alcohols, open late, food quality,services...everything is great!! Highly recommend!!!
4	Great food and the staff was very nice!!! Good value as well. Definately try the bakudan if youre into hardcore japanese food. Opens late, we will stop by next time if we are looking for a late night meal.
5	This is by far the best Japanese restaurant in 2014 for me. The servers were friendly and knowledgeable.  Buri and Daikon was amazing. And the beer selections were exquisite.
4	A lot of tasty choices here and interesting daily specials. Be sure to look at the walls to see pictures of what you would like. Be warned that things are a lot bigger than they look in the pictures. This is a nice place to hang out and snack on things. The staff is friendly and the food is good.
4	Delicious variety of classic and modern infused Japanese dishes.  I recommend the yellow tail carpaccio.
5	Excellent food and great service.  The staff was very helpful.  We really enjoyed our night.
3	This is a nice alternative to Ichiza.It's not as slammed, the service is much more polite and friendly, it has an atmosphere that is quiet and pleasing, and you don't have to put up with the sour look from the owner of Ichiza.However, the food is not quite as good as Ichiza.If you are with someone who doesn't really care for Sushi, or want to sit and impress on a date, this place is a good option.
3	Having a massive menu means one of two things: your kitchen staff is really talented OR you are spreading yourself too thin as a restaurant. Here, I was disappointed to reach the verdict that it's the latter.HOT DISHES far outshine the cold ones here. SAUTEED MUSHROOM SALAD was a super-tasty dish to start with, and the onion dressing really made the dish. Great combination of flavors and textures.The GRILLED SKEWERS COMBO ended up being my favorite: chicken thigh and green onion, roasted garlic, and bacon-wrapped tomatoes were excellent, while the shishito peppers and chicken meatball were just okay.BF loved the MISO BLACK COD, but I felt versions we had at Ichiza and Sen of Japan were far superior. Cold dishes were extremely unbalanced- dishes almost seemed to be created to cover up the taste of low-quality fish, but the cuts we had here were great! Truly baffling. BEEF TATAKI and YELLOWTAIL CARPACCIO were both dismal: fish was nearly flavorless and bland, overpowered by the various toppings and sauces. SASHIMI SALMON-IKURA BOWL was essentially a Chirashi bowl composed exclusively of salmon and roe on rice. So, a salty fish with a  salty accent. Not sure why these two were combined, the quality of salmon was good but I couldn't take the salt overload.Dessert was coffee mochi, which should be widely available everywhere but it's not. There's a free ice cream Yelp check-in offer with flavors including black sesame, my personal favorite, and yuzu. Service was mixed- very professional, but the fact that staff spoke limited English prevented us from fully understanding the menu/specials. Loved the French maid with bunny ears uniforms the female staff were wearing, male staff took our order, was helpful and professional.Love the upscale interior, but confused by sushi-bar type seating, and sashimi on the menu, but no rolls- then again, their cold fish dishes were my least favorite, so maybe that's for the best..
5	Love dine here, nice food! The fresh fish are come from japan, taste very good! Daily specials are highly recommended! Servers are nice!
4	I would recommend the deep fried octopus and definitely the spoon rice, they were so good! We got the tuna and yellowtail sashimi-maybe it's just different from what I'm used to but the cuts didn't melt in your mouth, they did taste fresh thought.  They had a nice selection of unfiltered sakes and what they didn't have they could grab from the sake bar next door (we want to try that place next time, it looked very intimate).  We also tried the Japanese whiskey, it was really smooth.  The staff was lovely and very attentive.  Would return for the spoon rice!
5	Authentic Japanese Tapas Restaurant...It's really close to the ones I have been in Japan.Staff is Japanese unlike all the Korean people around and so friendly...Their spoon sushi worth to try...One of the few places do shishito papers in Las Vegas...Interior design is really nice...2 people stuffed eating won't cost more then 50$...My first time here I'm in love....Try it!
5	Cocokala became one of the my favorite stops for late night meal. Friendly and polite service (thank Fumi & Jonathan :), good food, and various selection of beer and sake.
