5	I eat a lot of baguettes, and although I enjoy most, it takes a lot to make me crave one nowadays. It has to be really well made and a cut above the rest.I can honestly say I had one of the best baguettes EVER from Dolce Vita. A sly one on Dalry Road, it looks fairly simple but subtly elegant on the outside, with the owners not feeling the need to have any brash, over the top signage. Inside, it looks clean, fresh and minimalist without being cold. There are a few delicious cakes and doughnuts in the window, but nothing too excessive. That's what makes Dolce Vita so excellent - it's a breath of fresh air. Keeping their menu broad but fairly simple, they serve up the nicest, soft baguettes with absolutely divine deli fillings. With varieties from cheese to mixed peppers, they combine different tastes so there's something in here for everyone. I went for the salami with cheese and peppers - it was amazing and SO cheap. What's more, the staff were down to earth, chatty and friendly while also being very professional. The girl serving me was so attentive but very laid back, so I felt relaxed while waiting for my lunch. I'd had a rough couple of days but she was really kind, and cheered me up by looking after me for the time I was in the shop.The food was unbelievably cheap for the quality of the bread and fillings. They were delicious, as was the pink doughnut covered in hundreds and thousands! What else can I say other than this place was excellent? With amazing food and lovely staff, it's one of the best places to grab a takeaway lunch in this region, if not in Edinburgh!
4	Located on Dalry Road, Dolce Vita is a perfect pit stop if you're in the area and looking for a quick bite to eat. -Excellent range of teas and coffees to go at reasonable prices.-Delicious cold beverages straight from the fridge.-Ridiculously tasty selection of filled rolls, sandwiches and paninis with the freshest ingredients.-Friendly staff.If the above sounds good to you, then head to Dolce Vita.
4	Almost entirely down to the name of the place, Dolce Vita makes me smile every time I walk past, as it reminds me of a horrific, infuriating song by Geri Halliwell from the year dot called "My Chico Latino". It got stuck in my head one summer, and still pops in there every now and then, clawing away at the last remnants of my already pretty questionable sanity.It got worse when my repellent chum Iain T used to serenade me with the song, and if the rumours are true, dance around his living room to it dressed only in his soiled, threadbare underpants.Anyway, back on topic, the song uses the phrase "Dolce Vita" about every 10 seconds, ensuring every time I pass this unassuming little sandwich shop, I'm filled with rage, laughter, and whimsical memories of my youth all at once.The foods not bad either.
