5	Although I haven't officially been a paying customer yet I am STILL giving this place 5 stars.  My wife and I were walking around the Scottsdale Quarter and ran into this new establishment.It is basically the make your own pottery place "As You Wish" pumped up on some serious steroids.You can make your own soap, candles, birthday cakes and, of course, pottery. They are in a wonderful space unlike the typically tight quarters of As You Wish.  The girl up front was very bubbly and helpful and promptly took us on a tour.Here's the kicker...  They will soon be able to serve wine and beer!!!Couldn't imagine a young kids birthday without buzzed chaperons!Tons of neat stuff for young and old alike.I'll be back.
2	I have to say that I'm completely disgusted with this company. I read about the New York locations,and saw it on the news and I was excited to bring my family here. I took my kids into the store today and it was quite busy, (Not Surprising For A Sunday), but the service was horrible. We walked into the location, nobody greeted us or said one word to us. We decided to paint since we couldn't figure out how to prepare the soaps by ourselves. ( Which is what my children really wanted to do!)We sat down, got our own brushes, and after about 15 minutes some girl with a cast came over and was extremely rude to us about sitting down without taking a tour, etc. I Wish I would have gotten her name, but I was frustrated by this point and so were my kids. She reluctantly got us some paint, but was extremely rude during our entire encounter.I felt like she was lurking over our table and giving us nasty looks as if we did something wrong. When we finally got someone "assigned" to us, she was extremely helpful, but then we were told about this crazy day pass for each of my kids on top of the ceramics they chose. This place is PRICEY! Not a place for large families. I understand it's in Scottsdale Quarter, but my big concern is that they have these hidden fees. There is no signs stating you'll have to pay for walking in the door, so in my book that is a trick!I will never bring my family to this establishment ever again. The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because there were glimpses of hope. A few of the staff members were very pleasant and even though they weren't helping us they were friendly. I did however see some kids having what looked to be an amazing time working on things. There was even a few kids dancing and singing at some counter  with  people in blue shirts, I can only imagine that they were staff members. My families experience probably would have been better if we didn't get stuck with a schmuck in the first place, but it wasn't enough hope to make me go back and try again. Good luck if you bring your kids here, your going to need it.
4	When my child got invited to attend a birthday party being held last weekend at this location I have to admit that I was on the fence about letting them go. My first experience in this location was less then pleasant, but I didn't feel the need to deprive my child of their friends party for that reason alone. I have to say that what I witnessed completely blew me away, in a GOOD way. This time when we entered the location we were greeted, and directed towards the party room. On our way to the party room we were greeted again, and upon entering the party room were overwelmed with cheer as we were greeted again. The kids that were already at the party were sitting down at the table drawing with some of the party hosts drawing cartoons and names and playing games all over the table. The party got started shortly after and the kids had an amazing time. I have to give completecredit to the hosts in the party, I believe it was Rachel, Sam, Cheryl, and a taller guy, I think his name was David. The energy that these four people had completely blew me away. There was dancing, singing, they even did a small conga line with the kids to the goodie bags, everything was top notch. The thing I liked best was that they at least seemed actually excited and cared about the birthday girl and made sure she knew it was her day. The kids were running around getting glitter tattoos and showing them off to everyone. I was greatly surprised by the amount of sanitation the hosts showed as well. Everyone was wearing gloves serving food and getting drinks, it completely shocked me for this type of atmosphere.. All I have heard about since last weekend was how much fun the party was and how my kid can't wait to go back. I have to say that my opinion has changed about this location. I will still not be purchasing a membership by any means,but maybe one day I will want to get a membership for my family. I think the biggest thing about this facility is based on who you get to serve your table and work with you, because as you can see in my first review it was horrible service, this time it couldn't have been beat.
5	Make Meaning is truly a welcomed gem to the Valley. When I was a kid, there was a store called Sparkles in my area. This store was a little girl's paradise because not only did they sell novelty trinkets like fun pencils, erasers etc, but they also offered crafting opportunities where you could decorate your own pencil cases, bags, boxes, etc. When I walk into Make Meaning, it's like I'm taken back several decades to my days at Sparkles. Make Meaning is a crafter's paradise. During your visit, you can decorate pottery, create glass jewelery, create soap (both fun and high-end), create candles, create glassware and decorate a gourmet cake (yes a real one)! It's the perfect time to bond with friends, your kids, co-workers and more! I recently visited with a group of 12 friends. I called ahead and made a reservation. When I arrived an area was set-up for us to work at. Once the entire group arrived, the staff took us on a tour and explained each craft. Most of us decided on pottery, including myself. I decided to go with measuring cups. I figured that it couldn't be too hard to paint measuring cups (I'm not so artsy when it comes to painting). Once our group was situated with paint, brushes and our craft, we were off! It ended up taking us several hours to complete our projects and I think it might have something to do with our age and the fact that we are now adults who feel the need to perfect our work so that we wouldn't be judged! During the afternoon, the staff offered us several snacks (to purchase) including rice krispie treats, snack packs and more. I also learned that they plan on getting a liquor license soon so that groups (who are 21 and older) can drink while they work! Pricing wise, it costs $12 for a day pass or around $35 for a year-long membership. After that, you pay for what you make. My measuring cups costs about $20. If you see yourself coming here a lot, then it's definitely worth getting the year-long membership. It's the perfect activity for kids in this heat and once you're done, you can hang out at the Quarter's fountains and grab a frozen yogurt or some candy form the candy shop! On a side note, in my group of 12, one of the girls had a toddler with her. It made me realize that it would be really cool if there was an area for little baby brothers and sisters who weren't old enough to create a craft to play in, while the Moms helped their older children with their crafts (or did one themselves). I've seen this at other stores and it's so convenient for the Moms!
4	This is a great place with lots of fun things for little ones to make. Anything from soap to cake! I am a nanny and took the kids that I care for here to make father's day gifts. I have to say I was a little taken back by the prices. We spent about $100. Yikes!! But the kids did enjoy the experience and everything they made turned out adorable. The staff is also very hands on and attentive. It can be a little overwhelming even as an adult to know where to start and what to do. But they were right there helping us every step of the way.
5	I went to the yelp event last night with Sarah H and Sarah A and we all had a blast.  Yummy food by Brio and the chance to get crafty!  Because my little sweet pea was heart broken he couldn't come, I made him a candle with sharks and dolphins on it and the biggest hit, soap!  The soap with the hot pink brain and glitter, scented with Birthday Cake, was his favorite and he used it this morning in the shower.  I'm looking forward to bringing him here so we can make something together.
5	Wow, i really have to say this is the most amazing and fun time i have had in quite a time!    At first it was a bit hard to find, but wow there it is right at the back of the shopping center on the corner.   There is so very much to do! you cannot say you came here and you were bored.Children would absolutely love it~ Because, we as Adults thought it was the most fun,to say the least,the very least!There are quite a few different stations to choose from. I choose the cake decorating. Everything that you put on your cake is edible!! Yes just like The Cake Boss. ( Buddy would be proud).   There were a lot of us there making cakes, so i made the rounds to see what everyone was doing.Amazing creative Guinness at work.It really was so much fun, i even got a sparkle tattoo of a mermaid. Which will last at least 3 to 4 days!!!!One of my friends made soap, and you can also make candles(which were also amazing). As well as Pottery and Jewelry.Incredible fun,fun, fun. You wish you had young children to take , but it is also very great for the big kids(US)!You can even buy novelty items that are sweet and fun.Not like Spenser's(gift shop) that are risque. If they are even still around.Anyway this place is amazing , fun, and i can't wait to go back. Until the end of August they are running a special on memberships as well.Lots of parking all around including a free garage to keep your car out of the sun. Watch the video and check this place out!
4	This place is a higher end arts and crafts shop geared not only towards families, but adults. With a studio fee of $12, the price of creating here can add up rather quickly, but the options for creativity are very exciting. Make Meaning offers patrons the chance to design jewelry, paint pottery, decorate a cake, make candles, and design soaps! My experience here gave me the opportunity to make a short square candle ($20). I picked out my hot pink and black wax and headed back to my seat to layout my design pattern that I later arranged in a metal square tin. I had the option to add "POPs", that are offered for all the activities at Make Meaning, which are add-on's to spruce up your design that range from $1-$5 per POP. Once I was done arranging the tiny square wax pellets, I took my candle to the Skinny Dip River, where I had the option to choose complimentary free scents. I opted for the pink bubblegum scent since mine was hot hot pink, but they had everything from a dirt scent to a freshly washed man scent (smelled like Axe body spray). Sheryl the associate creativity enthusiast (or ACE) was awesome and as her titled acurately described, enthusiastic which couldn't help but be rubbed off on anyone that went to the River. She poured in the hot wax that was going to turn my creation into one solid candle and then let me guide the candle into the cooling river where it would be for the next 30-45 minutes until it was finished.During the candle cooling period I got to browse the rest of the store. Prices for the cake decorating range from $28 for a four inch cake and $38 for a six inch cake plus any POPs, aka additional add-ons, like edible glitter, are $1-$5 per POP. Soaps go for $30+, but for those young buckaroos, they have super cute cupcake soaps starting at seven bucks. The ceramics section is small and honestly if you (and everyone else in your group) are coming here to paint pottery, you should go to As You Wish because the studio fee is cheaper and there are many more options of ceramics and paints to choose from. The jewelry making section offers bracelets for $14 ($24 for two/friendship bracelets) and necklaces for $24 plus. The beads I saw looked a little juvenile and did not leave me wanting to come back and make jewelry.If you are having a child's birthday party here, they have a glitter tattoo station that costs $5 for a small 50 cent piece size tattoo that supposedly last for a week and they also have hair feathers for $6. One can also puchase individual packaged candy here as well. My candle turned out better than expected and I enjoyed my time and experience at Make Meaning and would love to come back and check out a different activity!
4	Place is amazing!! Every little girls dream! I love this place I saw it with my aunt and was absolutely amazed with it. Its a mix of your DIY ceramics places plus more, with glass projects, jewelry, ceramics, soap, candles, cakes and cards. I will be back $12 for a sitting fee and projects are $20 and up. There is a special for aug. 2012 no sit fee before 1pm and 1/2 off projects yay. Will be back for at least a feather in the hair or a glitter tattoo. They need to build something like this in sf, ca
3	This place IS adorable, but I think the prices are just way too high.  I get that they have to pay to be in the pricey Scottsdale Quarter, but still, I will only go if they have a special or coupon.  I did take my daughter during the summer special they had where it was half off the project cost and they waived the studio fee.  However, the girl that helped us did not automatically give us this deal even though we were there during the advertised hours, and then she felt annoyed when I reminded her about the special.Also, I do have to say that the music is just way too loud!  I wanted to enjoy a nice night with my daughter, not feel like I was at a teen rock concert.  I don't mind the music, but just turn it down.  It was annoying to have to talk over the music to my daughter and the people that work there.Again, it is a really, cute place!  But the prices and music will keep me from coming back often, otherwise we would be there all the time!
5	This place is awesome!I purchased a family membership here on the night Yelp had their event and I brought my son and daughter here. She made a cake and he made a necklace (I actually thought they would have reversed it but who knew!)The staff was extremely helpful and polite the kids had a blast flexing their creative muscles and I didn't have to clean up the mess (YAY)They have so many different options to choose from, jewelry making, ceramics, candles, soaps, cakes, glass wear etc. If you can't find something you are interested in here (if you are the craft type) you are nuts.I am thinking about doing a girls night out here or something for my daughters next birthday.Hands down this place is really really cool!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've been here a bunch of times with my kids, girlfriends and I've even hosted a corporate event here.  This place is awesome.  It's so much fun to make all these great gifts.  We've done soap, candles, fused glass and cake decorating.  Next time we're trying the pottery painting.  The staff are SUPER helpful, the ambiance is totally fun and the variety of activities can't be beat.  The owner, Michelle, is incredibly nice and accommodating and her event coordinator, Cassandra, is also really lovely to deal with.  This is a great afternoon with your friends, family or work buddies.  It's also an awesome idea for gift giving since you MAKE everything there!  I LOVE this place.
2	The people that work here are super friendly but for the price, felt like I should have received more one on one attention. The girl was so busy, we waited 40 minutes to pay and get our 'take home right away' creation. We paid 75 bones for 2 pieces of ceramic! My friend made 2 pieces of soap and paid $ 45.  Waaaay overpriced. They should call this place Make Money.Four days later, we picked up my son's creation that needed to be fired up, only to find the item we brought home was not his. I'm waiting for a phone call from the manager to see what they are going to do. I would expect better service from a place that charges enough for me to receive better, stellar service. I don't plan on returning anytime soon.
5	We threw my son's 2nd birthday party at Make Meaning in Scottsdale Quarter and it was a FANTASTIC experience for everyone.  Normally, I am really hands on when it comes to the planning and execution of parties.  We chose to have my son's party at Make Meaning this year because we have a three week old baby; I knew I would be exhausted and busy, and I wanted to make sure our older son still had a great party.We chose the private party option.  They also offer a "mini party".  The private party was 90 minutes long and included 2 crafts for the kids to do.  We chose pottery painting and making soap cupcakes as the crafts.  It also included pizza and a Tammy Coe cake.   The assistants who work at Make Meaning run the crafts and serve the food.  They did a fantastic job, especially David, who really engaged with my son and all of the kids.  He and the other "Aces", as they are called, were all nice and helpful.  My son chose to paint a truck.  Some kids chose mermaids, footballs, princesses, etc.  They had quite a few options to choose from.  They provide mini aprons to help keep the kids' clothing clean.  At the end the guests get to take home their creation.  I was amazed by how smoothly the party went.  They transitioned from crafts to pizza to cake without making anyone feel rushed. The staff even accommodated a few guests who had arrived late by setting up a small table for after the party where they could finish their creations.  One of the best things about hosting a party there is that someone else does all of the cleanup- my least favorite part of a party....As others have mentioned, Make Meaning is pricey.  We were on the fence about having the party there because of the expense.  In the end, we feel like it was well worth it.Overall, we were pleased with everything about the party.
2	I took my girls to Make Meaning a couple of days ago and confirmed why I didn't want to do this before.  I guess if you are on vacation and looking for a way to spend time with your kids - and money is not really an object - then the concept is cute.  Apparently I have spent way too much time in Michaels or Hobby Lobby and can quickly get stressed out when I see how little I am getting for my money at Make Meaning.  My girls both wanted to make candles as their project.  We arrived on a busy spring break day - the place was packed so we had to make a reservation with a rather stressed and scattered "hostess" and then came back an hour later.  No problem.  Upon returning, we were greeted by several people that acted like we knew what we were doing (we didn't) then shown the wall of items for my girls to choose from to add to their candles.  The staff member didn't explain much but I figured out what to do.  The "add-ins" for their candles were pretty lame - most of them were not really going to fit very well in the shapes provided when figuring the wick had to go in the middle.  My girls then filled a bucket full of wax cubes and sat down at our assigned table.  Basically all they had to do was fill the small container with the wax cubes and stick their one add-on in there - which proved to be the biggest challenge.  They rearranged the cubes a few times but it probably didn't take them more than 20 minutes, tops.  Then we had to wait around for someone to tell us what to do - at which point my girls figured out that they had to pick their "scent" for the candle.  Wow, they were not pleasant at all - we had a hard time picking out something that didn't smell like a bad car-wash scent.  Anyway, eventually the hot wax and scents were added by the staff members and they told us to return in 30 minutes or so and our candle would be ready.  Fine, no problem.  We were hungry and that gave us time to go get some lunch.  But, before we left, they wanted us to check out.  The check out line was super long and took another 10 minutes.  While standing there, my daughter asked if I was going to use my deal from 'Doozy of a Deal' that had long since expired, unused.  Sometimes you are able to get the purchased value credited to you but there was no mention of that on our paperwork.  But, I decided to just ask for that credit to be applied, not very hopeful that our less than attentive staff member would honor it.  But, much to my relief and surprise, after he asked the manager about it, she quickly and easily credited me not just the purchased value but the promotional value of my deal - which knocked $30 off the price of .... get this ... $69(!!!!!) for 2 rather nasty "peach colada" smelling weird looking candles.  Each participant pays $12 each + the cost of the craft/activity.  The candles were $20 each + tax.    So so so glad the price came down to $35 or so after the coupon was applied.  So, the manager managed to at least help me leave on a positive note.  You can buy an "annual membership" which brings the activity price down but, wow, that almost commits you to making quite a few more trips back to get your money's worth.  The other projects were also extremely expensive - $28 to decorate a 4" cake?!?, $20 glass necklaces, etc.I don't know, I guess it is like the rest of the shops at Scottsdale Quarter, they are cool to look at and walk around but I have a hard time spending that kind of money on things like that.  I would rather take $70 to Hobby Lobby (along with their 40% off coupons!) and fully stock our craft closets and have fun at home!
1	Of all the places to blow money, MAKE is the worst value for the money.  Although a good experience and fun to fiddle with...the cake was inedible.  For a 4" cake, the tab was $72...for a four inch cake.  The 4" cake was $28.00.  To decorate it...$36 including three day passes for my wife, daughter, grand daughter.Interesting concept...but you have to hate money and be desperate for a family outing to bite for this ridiculous, inedible, concoction.Better hurry, however.  The price of the rent at the Quarter...and the limited audience who will can can afford to do this are at odds with a business enterprise.rots o ruck
5	I went here last week with my Wifey. I'm a nice guy and damn good hubby, but painting potter "just aint my thang". Poor girl had to beg for months for this one.Really cool place. Not only can you paint pottery, but make soap, make candles, even decorate a dang cake. We went on a Sunday and it wasn't as busy as expected.The staff was great. Very helpful and patient. They were even sweet enough to lie about the monstrosity of a coffee cup I painted and pass out a few compliments.Seriously guys... take your lady here. Grin and bare the humiliation and wallow in the sheer delight that is making your wife happy.Oh, and take lots of pictures so you can remind her what a great guy you are.FYI - you are looking at about $10 or $15 bucks each for most of the pottery, then there is a $13 each price for using the facilities (for all the paint you waste, paint brushes, etc.). The whole thing was about $60 bucks. Kinda steep if you think of it as "just two coffee cups", but if you think of it as an experience, I was ok with it. Heads up though... they do offer tons of little things the call "POP", pretty much little decorations that cost extra. If you are letting a little kid run wild in here you may end up with a thousand dollar cake. My wife and I just painted coffee cups so what I thought I was going to pay was exactly what I paid. I like that. If you have kids, set limits... DUH.Have fun!!!
2	2 stars because making crafts there is fun and unique , but planning a party? Forget it's more of an inconvenience most especially when you are going to spend $50/person. Blah! Save your money you would get better service at your local chuck e cheese.
4	I first experienced Make Meaning a month ago for a Yelp event. We had the opportunity to decorate cakes, make soap and paint cups & plates to donate to Ronald McDonald House. I brought my oldest and youngest daughters and they loved it so much that I knew we'd come back again. With all the business of the holidays and my daughter's birthday 2 days before Christmas I wanted to do something special that I know she'd love and remember. A week ago I brought her and her favorite cousin to paint ceramics and possibly make soap. It took us awhile to decide with so many choices but we didn't feel rushed, and Tori helped us pick our paint and got us all set up with supplies and aprons, even I painted and really enjoyed feeling like a kid.Tori came back often to check on our brush and paint supply, refilled our trays. We considered making soap but painting by my little Picassos took longer than I thought. Today I came back to pick up our amateur works of art and they are adorable! I'm glad we have keepsakes from our special day and memories to last a lifetime! Hoping to return soon to try our talent at making their fun filled cupcake shaped soaps and more!
1	I took my daughter and 4 friends for her birthday to Make Meaning to decorate cakes. I made a reservation, but not a birthday party reservation.  When I got there, I was shocked by the price of the cakes...$39 for a 4" and $49 for a 6"...and ended up getting 3 small cakes for them to share decorating. While the girls did have fun, when I checked out I couldn't help cringing at my $123 bill.  To add insult to injury, when we got home to open presents and have cake and ice cream, we discovered that the beautifully decorated cakes were HORRIBLE!!! Cardboard probably has more flavor.
5	I took a tour of Make Meaning a couple months ago, and I finally went earlier this week with my sister! We are both in our 30's, and it was a great girls' day out! I decorated 4 cookies and my sister made a glass tile. I expected to pay the studio fee that other yelp reviewers mentioned, but they've actually done away with that. I also didn't have to pay extra for all of the different colored fondant and toppings that I put on my cookies. It is all included now. So I thought the price was very reasonable for what we got. I can't wait to go back and try more activities!
