5	I was pleased to find this place in Mesa, which people claim lacks quality non-chain restaurants. Well, we do have quite a few hidden gems, and here is another one.Sandwiched between a half-dead strip mall and a drive-through smoothie place, and with honey baked ham cafe around the corner, this was a hard place to find. It's about a block west of power and baseline on the north side. Looking upwards, the signage for the restaurant looked very modern with some flair. Walking in, you have some very bare bones interior, with a tv in the upper corner with fox news playing, the o'reilly show was on. This place feels pretty tall too with really high ceilings. There is a drink station near the entrance, and then an area with sauces, utensils, and napkins. One thing made me smile when I saw the entire roll of paper towels each table (probably 8 or so) had. Looks like its okay to be messy!This is a mother, father, and son from Georgia who decided to open a BBQ restaurant in Mesa, which J Ruggs has been at for about 2.5 months. They all were very nice and cared greatly about their food.On to the food. I had the two meat plate, which for 9.75 INCLUDING a drink I thought was a great deal along with 2 sides. I think it was a dollar less if you only wanted one side. It was $1 more if you wanted to go with ribs or brisket, so I got the pulled pork, 1/4 ribs (also pork), mac n cheese, and coleslaw.One thing to note about this place is you need to sauce the meats yourself, if you want sauce on it. I expected to have the juices of the pulled pork require no sauce and the ribs to require plenty. I was pretty surprised- the pulled pork was thoroughly average. Meaty flavor but dry, I first applied a spoonful of the hot sauce, and was not too much happier. After bathing the pulled pork in hot sauce, it became a good dish, but I really do think it needed more in the moisture department, and that you shouldn't have to drown pulled pork in sauce.6/10 flavor with the sauce, 4/10 without.Fearing of the ribs, I tackled my sides. Wow what a reversal! The mac n cheese was nearly perfect. The texture felt like a baked layer on the outside and then a tender pasta inside. It was also liberally sprinkled with pepper which I was initially skeptical of but after that first bite, approved. One of my biggest pet peeves about BBQ places are they're lazy with the sides- not here. This mac-n-cheese disappeared in record time, and I was astonished to note that there was nearly no residue of oil at the bottom of my dish. The only reason this doesn't get a perfect 10 is because the cheese flavor was very very good but not quite the bold, rich, cheesy flavor.Still- 9/10I don't have quite as much to say about the coleslaw. It tasted very fresh and was a nice counterpoint to the heaviness of the rest of my food. Very crispy greenery, and they didn't commit to the cardinal sin of drowning it in mayo.7/10 (Very competently made, but not extraordinary, and to be honest I don't think I will ever give coleslaw more than this score)And finally, the ribs. I ate these last because I ate an edge piece and found it disappointingly dry. The owner's son happened to ask me what I thought of my meal, and told him what I've written thus far, basically. He was very upset but not confrontational- just very hurt that someone didn't think his ribs were that great. He offered to get me another piece, but I told him that wasn't necessary. Luckily for me, it turned out it wasn't, and how. An incredible amount of meat for only 3 ribs, and I didn't get cheated like some places do by getting you ridiculously fatty cuts of meat (you know who you are!). Being a sauce-less preparation, I was prepared to also soak this in the pulled pork bath remains, but was incredibly blissful that I didn't have to. These ribs stood on their own in flavor and I dribbled a few drops of hot sauce on them. Heavenly!9.5/10 (it can't be perfect because of that first stray morsel, but I'm pretty sure if I went again I could give it a 10)Overall Restaurant Experience: 8.5/10. You gotta love when people obviously care and when their hard work shows.
5	I stopped back here today and fell in love again with those amazing ribs.  11.50 including tax for a half rack of ribs, soda ( unlimited refills), huge slice of texas toast, and the aforementioned by john green beans.  Every thing on the plate played a starring role today.  The dry-rub style ribs today were absolutely incredibly, astonishingly requiring no sauce whatsoever and just being ridiculously flavorful and tender, even more so than last time.  I don't usually rave about green beans, but I had to note these were peppery and meat-hinted but not flavored, if that makes sense.  If it doesn't I don't care, just visit here and try them for yourself!  I also was treated to a free sample of their brisket, what in the world, I didn't know brisket could be so juicy.
4	I was at my in-laws and checked Yelp on my phone to see if any new places had popped up.  J. Ruggs showed at the top of the list with 3 incredible reviews.  I had never heard of this place and realized it was in the little strip mall west of the Rubios area.  It has taken up the space that used to be a Chicago deli place (that didn't last long at all).Given the reviews, and my love for BBQ, I had to check it out.  I went today with my kids as my regular lunch crew wasn't available.  I think any BBQ place that serves ribs should realize that their signature will be those ribs.  Thus, I present my findings with the caveat that I'm a HUGE Joe's BBQ fan.I had half slab and baked beans.  YUM, YUM.  This is Georgia Southern BBQ as the owners told me.  Dry rub, smoked over hickory.  These ribs were great.  Very good.  They didn't need sauce or anything they were so good.  Given that I love sauce though I added some of their 'hot' to my container.  It wasn't as hot as I thought it would be...actually didn't taste 'hot' at all really...was good though.  Again, the ribs spoke...er, um...tasted for themselves -- no additional seasons needed.  They were full of meat and little to NO fat on the ones that I had.  Fell off the bone appropriately.  I should have ordered a full slab :-).  The baked beans were good, but not great.  They tasted a little too molasses and/or dark brown sugar to me.My kids had grilled cheese (of course at a BBQ place!).  They ate it all though (buttery grilled toast).  They had waffle fries (which appeared to have a little dusting of cheese?) and mac-n-cheese (which looked like shells and not macaroni).  Both were good.  I don't recommend fries with BBQ, but these were good (note: they have sweet potato fries which I should have tried).My mom went with us and had the pulled pork.  I'm not a fan of pulled pork, but it was good.  Again, better not to judge me on this one because I just don't care for pulled pork really given other options usually.Overall, this place was GREAT.  I WILL be coming back and you should visit as well.  When I see these local places I get encouraged...these are the types of places that need to get our business...and continued support.  I took a moment to talk with the owners.  The family (the Ruggles - sorry if I spelled wrong) are from Georgia (if I recall correctly, from St. Simons area).  The "J" in J. Ruggs is John, the son.  He was called "ruggs" in football, where the name comes from.  Kind family, seem to love their BBQ.  They have been there for 3 months so far...and have yet to experience an AZ summer :-).Make an effort to stop by this place.  It's good.  I hope it stays and I will be coming back and I will be telling my friends and family.  I told them they needed to open one in The QC!Where can they improve?  For my first order -- the beans.  Joes BBQ beans can't be beat...but I love some baked beans with BBQ -- so if they could improve here, that'd be good.  Steal a tip from Joes and put some of that smoke meat in there.As to the ribs.  For this visit I give J. Ruggs the win over Joes BBQ ribs right now.  I know, shocking -- but true.  Joes is good, but for me hit-and-miss on ribs some times (I've had fatty ones at times).  These were just great.
4	Update Aug 13, 2010: Stopped by J Ruggs today, only to find it closed for business. :(-----Any time I see "Southern" in a BBQ restaurant name, I *have* to try it. And I go in a little skeptical.Texas is home for me, and both parental units hail from southern middle Tennessee. So I understand and appreciate southern BBQ -- and it's not easy to find out here in the wild west.Pulled up in the parking lot and it smelled perfect. A good sign.Walked in and the lady behind the counter said, "How y'all doin tonight?A better sign...Sadly, and I mean sadly, we were informed they were out of brisket. Granted, they were set to close in about 30 minutes, so it was understandable. But for this Texas boy, brisket is the ultimate factor in deciding a BBQ restaurant's fate. I did take heart when one of the owners told me that he learned to smoke brisket in Houston, and they smoke their brisket for 14 hours.I had a two meat plate, chicken and sausage, and the lovely bride had half a rack of baby back ribs.All three meats were delightful. The ribs were done with just a dry rub, and were fall off the bone tender. Sausage was just the right level of spiciness. The chicken breast was huge, Dolly Partonesque in size. The mac-n-cheese was excellent, full of cheesy goodness.J. Ruggs is family owned and operated, and the owners are very friendly and cordial. You can tell they take pride in their food. Prices are very reasonable, especially when you consider the size of the portions.We'll be back, and if the brisket is as good as I suspect it will be, J, Ruggs will be upgraded to a coveted fifth star.
4	For the past year I stopped eating baby back ribs because wherever I got them, they were too dry and not meaty enough. Instead, I filled my rib cravings with St. Louis style ribs.So when I walked into J Ruggs and saw that they didn't have St. Louis style ribs, I was worried.But my concerns were unfounded. The ribs were tender, meaty, juicy, and with the hot bbq sauce made my mouth happy. I finished a whole rack. They were the best baby back ribs I've had in Arizona. And I've been to Joe's, Waldo's, BBQ Company, Stacy's Smokehouse, and Restaurant 28. J Ruggs are my favorite.I had coleslaw with my ribs; it was slightly above average. Including the drink with the meal is a bonus.The service is friendly without being overbearing. If I wanted to talk to the restaurateurs, I could, but when I wanted to be left alone they respected my space.Everyone that was dining that night also seemed to enjoy their meals.I look forward to going back and trying some of their other meats.
5	Today, they had a review in the AZ Republic, which contributed to the high number of customers an hour before they closed.  As John confessed, they were slammed like never before.  His in-laws were visiting, and they were so busy John wound up enlisting their (willing and smiling) help!I did not mind the wait, because with the size of the restaurant, about 8 tables, you cannot reasonable expect to receive your food instantly when ~30 people are ahead of you.  I did mind the chicken- beautifully seasoned, but very overcooked, I ate around the edges and the skin and tossed the rest.  John came out with a slightly worried expression, and I told him the truth.  The green beans were also underseasoned, without the normal heavenly savoriness, and pepperiness I've previously expected.However, the Brisket SURPASSED all my EXPECTATIONS, despite having it twice before.  If barbeque is excellent, I dab about 1 eyedropper size of sauce per square inch.  Tonight, I did not dare to tamper with perfection.  It was just sublimely tender, flavorful, very meaty with just a minute amount of fat... wow.  Just a perfect marriage of flavors and textures.  They would have to chase me out with pitchforks and threaten to burn me at the stake to stop me from coming here.  For that chicken I should really drop it to 4 stars, but, the Brisket compels me to forgive any sins.
4	Quickly becoming my local favorite BBQ.  After a write-up in the local paper the place has been busier.  Lots of blue hairs the other day (tis the season).Went with my friend for lunch...got the rib/brisket basket combo.  I think that's what I'll be getting from now on.  I got the beans again which were okay -- with the amount of BBQ though I could do without the sides really.I think Ruggs will be outgrowing their place quickly -- that's my only current 'complaint' is that during busy times it isn't conducive really to large crowds.Perhaps during lunch they can reserve the front 2 parking spots, cone them off, and set up tables out there -- maybe a bit hot during the summer...but would have provided more seats.Keep up the good food Ruggs!
3	I went into this place for lunch one day and ordered a chicken BBQ sandwich to go with the sweet potato fries.  They asked if I wanted the meat on the side because it makes the bun soggy if they put it on too soon.  I went ahead and had them put it on, and indeed the bread was soggy by the time I got home a block away.  I almost walked out without additional BBQ sauce which would have been a travesty because the meat without the sauce would have been a little plain.  I suppose if I had one suggestion to make it would be to find a better vendor for the bread (buns).  The flimsy soggy bun was not a great enticement to come back.  I like a HARDY grilled bun for BBQ that holds up under wet meat and extra sauce without falling apart.  Considering some of the BBQ joints they are competing with in Gilbert, to include Joe's BBQ Grill downtown, I would also suggest they come up with some outrageously good side dishes...the sweet potato fries were delicious, but they sell those now at any grocery store, so they need some exciting sides you can't get anywhere else.
5	I live nearby and was pleasantly surprised when a southern bbq joint opened up nearby. I stopped in one day for lunch and had the beef brisket sandwich and since I took it to go they put the meat in a separate container from the grilled bun. I added a side of waffle fries and they include the drink at no charge. The brisket was meaty and flavorful one of the best I have ever had. Their sauce is nice and subtle without too much vinegar or sugar. The waffle fries were perfectly done and they left the salting to me which I like.  I decided to go back to try the ribs as the very friendly guy (son in law of owner I think) told me he hand dry rubs and smokes them for 14 hours.  When I finally went back and tried the ribs I added macaroni and cheese and ate there. The ribs were absolutely the best I have ever tasted in my life and I LOVE ribs. The meat slides right off the bone and they are dry rubbed to perfection. No need for sauce even but since theirs is good I used a little and they were that much better. Best bbq in the valley hands down I will never eat ribs anywhere else in AZ for sure.
4	Good news first, or bad news? Let's go good news.The Good--------------- !!! GLUTEN-FREE BUNS AND BREAD !!!- AMAZING ribs with an excellent dry-rub- Homemade bbq sauce- Family owned and super friendly- Right down the street from my house.- Wonderful sidesThe Bad------------------- Went today for bbq and IT'S CLOSED. DAMNIT!!!!!!!!
5	Goodbye Jruggs.  You'll always have a place in my heart!  Now I need to find another restaurant that can fill the hole in my stomach.  Damn damn damn, very sad, this was my favorite BBQ place in town!
1	Restaurant is out of business.
