4	I love Peet's Coffee from my frequent trips to the west coast, so while I was sad to see Caribou go, I was happy to welcome Peet's into the Waterworks! The coffee is as great as always and the staff is friendly. However, the decor inside since the renovation and transition from Caribou is not as cozy. It isn't as welcoming on a cold winter day, which makes me sad. Still, the coffee is delicious and that's ultimately what I come in here for!
5	The best!
4	Welcome to Pittsburgh, Peet's! Peet's has a pretty good drink menu and prices similar to Crazy Mocha or Starbucks. The decor is very clean and simple, much different from the cabin feel of Caribou Coffee. The barista working the register was friendly and conversational, which was very welcoming. I ordered a gingerbread latte and it was made quickly. It was also a well-made latte. They serve drinks lidless to allow you to add extras like cinnamon, cocoa powder, sugar, milk, or fresh ground nutmeg!!!! Yes. They have a little nutmeg grinder on the counter for you to use as you please, which I thought was a nice touch. All of the lids are right there with the extras so once you're coffee is ready you can pop on a lid and be on your way. I really enjoyed my first experience here and I'll definitely be back.
4	Decent cofee shop. Easy to park. Service was great. No issues or problems whatsoever.
1	2+ month persistent WiFi issue.  Frustrating when going there for a drink and to sit to get a bit of work done, only to find out you will not be able to get anything done online after having ordered because of the lack of a stable internet connection.Figured I would take a bit of time off from this place, hoping the issue would be remedied upon return, but it has not.  I went with this strategy for about 3x over a 2-month period and same thing has occurred repeatedly.   Other than this, it's a nicely remodeled coffee shop, and staff is very friendly.  I would have no complaints, but unfortunately this one nags at me badly.  PEETS, please fix this issue.
4	I liked caribou, but I'm really glad Peet's took over the space. The coffee is good, but I really like the selection of teas and the option to have drinks made with almond milk. The matcha tea freddo is nice treat. Also, I've found the staff to be pleasant on all occasions, even at 630 am...
3	A nice little place on the outskirts of everything in the shopping mall at waterworks. I suburbed it up today and stopped in here for a break in between shopping runs. I've been pleasantly surprised with the coffee here, after now visiting this branch and the one in oakland. The staff was very nice and fast, however they didn't even know their brews of the day when I asked about a particular roast I saw on the menu.
4	I just moved to the area and have been in here three or four times. Each time I have been in, the barista is very friendly. The lattes and iced coffees are excellent. As a vegan, I really appreciate that they carry both almond and soy milks. They will even give you some almond milk in your regular coffee instead of having to use the milk or half/half on the bar. Great service, friendly and accommodating!
