4	I rented a car at the Hertz on West Indian School Road at the end of September. I picked this location because it was just a block from a light rail station, which made it easy to reach from the airport. Car rental rates on the airport premises are stratospheric!I checked in online the day before and arrived without incident. The only tricky part of this rental location is its location--in a trailer behind a car dealership rather than on the street. Turns out it's easier to access the trailer from the light rail station by walking south along 2nd Avenue instead of going all the way around the building on 3rd Avenue. Live and learn.Although staffed by just one person, I was signed in and on the road in five minutes flat. I rented a mid-size car and was given a 2010 Toyota Corolla with 1,300 miles on it and a full tank of gas. I'm not sure why Hertz thinks a Corolla is a mid-size car, but considering it was just me traveling, I welcomed the excellent fuel economy and new car smell. Turns out I wouldn't want to buy myself a Corolla, but it worked well enough for my four days on the road.Car return was a cinch. Dropped off the car a little before my scheduled arrival and was signed out and on my way back to the airport in no time. Car rental success!
1	I had the worst customer service experience that I have ever had at this Hertz location. I don't use credit cards and they pull a credit report that is not a soft pull and has an effect on your credit if you use Debit. They put a hold on $225 but did not tell me until after they had done it. The woman assured me that as soon as I returned the car it would be put back onto my card. (the money is still not back on my card two days later) This resulted in my not having access to my funds for Christmas weekend. I picked 10am as a return time not realizing that they don't open until 12 noon. I assumed that dropping the car off when they opened was fine especially considering the receipt warns that if you use the drop box and just leave the car you are responsible for any damages to the vehicle until they can inspect the car. I arrived 5 minutes early and was the first person there. The woman took the keys and then gave me a receipt. I glanced at it to make sure the totals were right and realized she had charged me for an extra day. I asked why and she said it was because I had not dropped the car off at 10am. I asked to speak with a manager because charging for an entire day when they were not even open is insanity. She refused to let me speak with a manager, she refused to give me a corporate number, and she refused to call a manager for me. She said somebody would call me the next day. This was over 24 hours ago and I have not received a phone call.The outright rude behavior, assault to my credit, bank hold, and charging me an extra day when I did not have the car for that day all adds up to a horrible experience. I will never use this company or this location again and I highly recommend that you think twice before using their services. I was not the only person in their rental office that was unhappy with my service or the company policies.
5	They Wouldn't Rent me a Maybach for Twenty five bucks a day....In a Mini Mobile Behind the Phoenix Motor Company.  They will pick you up if you're pretty close. - -It doesn't take carpeted walls, tile floors, and giant back-lit signs to make us happy.  Maybe the padded walls.  For auto rentals, it's as good as it gets for Sweet D and me.  This where we rent 80% of the time.  I had no problem picking up my rental at 7:30 A.M. April 12, 2011 and returning it a week later, 7:30 A.M.  They're close to home, easy to use, have excellent  service given the staffing, and always provide a vehicle appropriate to our needs.  I had a choice between a Corolla and a Jetta.  Jetta yes.  Worth every minute of driving.  Yes they had a pre-charge on my credit card, yes they applied it when I returned and yes, I already paid it.
1	I took my car in for a repair. The Mazda they rented me was filthy inside and had lots of nicks and scratches.  I had to tell them to come out and look at and fill out a form to address the prior damage.  When I told them the car was dirty, they made no offer to give me another car.
3	First of all the Manager was not wearing professional clothes at all. The second thing is that we waiting a half an hour to rent our car.  Third and last thing is that the check engine light was on.  We did not realize that until we got home. :(  So,  we had to go back to the car rental and get a new car.
1	I guess a 1 star rating of a rental car company isn't surprising as rental car companies are definitely not known for their customer service. I wanted to get out of town for the weekend and got on hotwire.com and got a rate of $40 for Friday at noon - Sunday at noon at this Hertz location.  I could get the same rate at the airport location but this seemed more convenient. I walked up to to the counter and gave the woman my name and she pulled up my info.  While she was looking up my info she took a personal phone call which she was on for a couple of minutes.  Once she got off the phone she tried to sell me the extra insurance.  I explained to her that between my regular car insurance and the insurance from my credit card I had it covered.  She insisted two more times that it was in my best interest, and I continued to refuse the insurance.  She clicked around on her computer for a good 10 minutes and then informed me that this location is closed on sundays and that it would be $65 instead of $40 and I would need to return the car on Monday.  I asked her if I could return it to the airport location on Sunday as they are 24 hours, she said that the rate for the car if I returned it to the airport on Sunday would be $63. Again, when I booked the car the rate was the same at the airport even after fees and such, I chose this location for convenience.  I explained this to her and asked her if there was any way she could accommodate me at a better rate and she said no, and told me that there was a sign on the door that stated they were closed on sundays.  I ended up not renting the car at all and Hertz has lost my business from here on out.
2	If there's a polar opposite of a Hertz Gold experience, this place is it. Invisible from the street, this is in a dun-colored trailer/modified shipping container behind the Mercedes dealership.  The phone at the front desk is constantly ringing during your check-in because everyone trying to find the place is lost due to the lack of exterior signs.  As a result, the person at the front desk (it's a one-person shop) is stressed and harried from trying to maintain a steady check-in process while having the exact same conversation on how to find the place again and again and again.A whiteboard on one of the grubby walls shows the metrics of the employees' for the week: # of sales calls, # of calls closed, etc.  I'm not sure what that's about, but this is like walking into a real-life Glengarry, Glenross, only more depressing.I got my car - thus 2 stars rather than 1 star.  But it's not an experience I'll ever seek to relive.
1	Very poor service. Required me to sign for prepaid gas when I did not want to. Manager said don't worry about signage and your contract saying you WILL NOT be refunded, trust us... "we're Hertz". She was very aggressive. While I was sharing my concerns, the next customer was not required to prepay. Manager said, that was a mistake. Hertz requires prepay and I will deal with the salesman later. Good news! I cancelled my reservations and Enterprise beat the cost and picked me up. Very friendly and didn't try to make me prepay with no written assurance of no repayment. Thanks Enterprise!
1	Has to be the worst Hertz, I have ever been to. If you are a Gold member don't expect to be able to use a upgrade or expect them to care. I choose the location because it was close to my office and needed a car after a wreck. I called ahead and still waited in line for 30 minutes. I finally got the car and it was new Altman that smelled like a ash tray. I did not have time to bring it back so dealt with the stinky car for 18 days. Return process was shorter wait and assumed it was over with. 15 days later I get a Gold notice that my return was completed. I thought they didn't except gold service and was told their system did not support it. We to my surprise the added a $100 charge for outside carwash. What, so I called and ask what it was for and also what they charged my card twice. Now I am out $200 for a carwash. I was told by the rep that the car was dirty, smelled and has dog hair all over. I would have to talk to the manager when they get in tomorrow. After being a Hertz fan for domestic and International travel  for more that 15 years it might be coming to a end. I do not recommend this location, gave it one star because I had to for the post to submit.
3	I have to give it three stars despite a rocky start. What I liked:* Saving airport concession fees.*  I got my car for a decent rate.* Drop off was easy.* Staff was courteous.What I disliked:* Staffing is small, so once you have more than two customers, it gets crazy and the wait can be long.* Short office hours.* The last and not least is the actual location and its maintenance.  I read this is corporate owned which surprised me.  The blinds on the windows have not seen a duster or cloth in years.  Caked with dust and dirt.  Even the "Hertz" logo on the wall is caked with dust.  The rest of the trailer has scuffs, marks and dirts all over, and the floor has several years' worth of grime.  When you first walk in, your first thought is "uh-oh, is it too late to go somewhere else?"  It just has a look of no pride by anyone who works there now or five years ago and in between. It's absolutely filthy and disgusting.  After you read this and go, you will still be surprised that it's filthier than you imagine.     They should just throw some chickens to wander around and call it a day.
4	I had nothing but a great experience with Hertz! I was involved in a little fender bender, luckily no one was hurt! My insurance gave me an option between Budget, Enterprise, or Hertz? I went ahead with Hertz since I have never used them before. I had their car for about a month, just like any other rent a car I had an option with a mid-size or luxury. Since My insurance covered 80% of the rental I went cheap and picked the mid-size. they also gave me an option to purchase gas at a set price or just fill it up when I bring it back.  Glad I pre-purchased the gas, fuel was about 25 cents higher a month later!(every penny counts) It was an easy check out, a do it yourself damage sheet. Now when My truck was delayed, and I was expecting to have it back in time for our trip to SoCal. I had to upgrade the car for room purposes. It was an easy, just show up and exchange the cars. When It was time to pick up my truck, all I had to do was leave it at the repair facility. Hertz picked it up them self. Everything was easy, no problems, and I will probably use them again when needed.
1	I got a car. That is the only positive thing I can say! They sent an dirty and disheveled man in an old sweatshirt to pick me up at the repair shop and take me to this location to rent the vehicle. He had no ID on and there was nothing on the vehicle to even suggest that it was from Hertz. He seemed irritated that I asked for ID. He searched around and finally pulled out an old Hertz badge from his wallet. REALLY???? You expect a woman to get into an unmarked car with a man who is dirty and doesn't have visible ID???? I then get to the rental trailer in the back lot of an abandoned car dealership.  It is dirty and sketchy looking.  I was afraid to sit.  I ask to speak to the manager and the kid behind the counter replies that he is the only one there. Fine. May I have the contact info for the manager???? He repeatedly states that he is the only one there and wants to know what the problem is. After I explained to him what had happened, he replied that that is how they do it and that he can't do anything about it. He was rude and belligerent through the entire transaction. When I called Hertz, I was told to call the location and speak to the manager or to write an email. This company clearly is not interested in customer service.
1	After numerous attempts to resolve and promises to refund prepayment,  and no apology, my money was refunded.......two months later. Thanks Hertz for ensuring my entire experience was poor. Back in Phoenix this month, going straight to enterprise!
1	We had taken the hubby's car to Manny's and had to come here for the rental car through the other person's insurance.  The driver that picked me up was friendly, but the other employees were just kinda there.  The process took forever, they weren't very organized, didn't know what was going on, didn't have their reservations right, couldn't get my card to run because of all this, and didn't have any choices.  I would never rent from Hertz unless I absolutely have to again.
