1	The food and service were both subpar. They were out of french fries, there was hair in the food, and to top it off the mac' n' cheese noodles were soggy.The food is made "as you order" which meant it took 20 minutes to get it. Overall not somewhere I would ever eat again!
4	This review is based on the JD's food cart that is usually parked on State Street and Gilman Street.Man! This food cart is amazing. Polish sausages, fried chicken sandwiches, and fried fish sandwiches. I can never get enough of their fried fish sandwich, topped with Frank's hot sauce and a slab of mayo. It's the best late night food, whether you're on a late night walk, need something in your stomach after alcoholic intake, or just passing buy and wanting a late dinner. The sad thing is I think their hours vary. But I've seen them open as early as 10 PM and close as late as 2 AM. Sometimes the hours aren't consistent though and they might not show up on occasion during Mondays through Wednesdays.
3	Looking around town for Jin's chicken and fish which wasn't in its normal Francis location we found this spot. Fulfilling after bar chicken/fish sandwiches. Would never go here for a meal but it's a perfect after bar spot. I got a chicken sandwich which was basically two chicken fingers drenched in Franks Red Hot, mayo, tiny lettuce piece on a thin hamburger bun. Did the trick for what I wanted.
4	Delicious late night food. Stop by on your way home from the bars and indulge. The Philly cheese steak fries are delicious and a great alternative to the typical slice of pizza I usually would get at this hour. I also really like the Mac n cheese, and my roommate loved the wings. The only negative is that it takes long-ish for a take out place. But it's something different and you should try it!
4	This steak burger is everything to me. I used to get one every single time I went out downtown. Luckily, I moved to the west side before things got out of control. The only reason they get a 4 is because you can literally wait 20-30 minutes for a cheeseburger sometimes. Again, though, this is more than just a regular cheeseburger.I'm not sure if the food truck version is still out, but there would always be 5-10 people in line, and it can take 5-10 mins for each person's order (even though the steak burgers are already cooked!). The man who makes them cares for each steak burger like his own child. He toasts the white bread before carefully picking up and squirting in turn, mustard, mayo and ketchup. Then he uses a knife to slice one perfect slice of tomato for your burger. Next, he rips off a burger shaped piece of lettuce and pats it dry with a paper tower before placing it onto your burger. Last is the patty, which has been warming on the grill. Anyway, delicious burgers, but not everyone is willing to stand outside for 20 mins in -30 for a burger. Personally, I am willing to do that 100% of the time.Realized one day that there is an actual storefront for JD's (!!!), but had pretty much the same experience. I called ahead 15 mins for my burger, but still had to wait 10 mins when I got there, even though the place was a ghost town.
1	Was excited to try jd's after reading the reviews.   Walked in to see 4 tables and a menu board that had more items taped over than those available.   Standing at the counter and attempting to give an order and we were told after every request "we are out of that" and learned that they pretty much only have wings and fries,  and it will at least 20 minutes for the wings. They should be getting their delivery in a couple days,  so try them on the weekend!
