3	This is an A&W/LJS-so everything taste fishy & fried-jkReally its a pretty good fast food burger & hotdog but the fried stuff is just too greasy & heavy for me.I jumped on the $.90 papa burgers on Fathers Day & this is one of the best bargains you will ever find at a fast food joint.I still hang on to the memories of yesteryear when A&W was just like Sonic with the roller waitresses and drive-up ordering unfortunately the food is no where near the same as it used to be.Just too damn FAST!
3	Mmmmmm soooo good, I was sucking my spoon silly!***2011 Entertainment guide, buy one get one coupons***Yummy! My sister and I had a craving for a refreshing root beer float, also had a two for one coupon.The service is awesome for a fast food type of chain!We got our Yummy RB floats and were so happy just moaning and enjoying every sip and spoonful.The combination of the almost buttery tasting golden soft serve along with the A&W root beer is just amazing, the perfect blend!We will be back for sure! I want to experience this sensation again and again and again!!!It made me feel so darn good! The taste is out of this world!Mmmmmmmm yummy baby :)I like it a lot!
4	I feel 4 stars is generous for A&W but I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt.  I came here for lunch today after being shot down by Lola's.  There was no place to park at Lola's.  So I ended up at Decatur and Charleston at A&W because it was something different.  I ordered a combo A5.  That is a bacon cheese burger with fries and a drink.  Of course I got a root beer.  Why would I get anything else to drink at an A&W?  It is what they are famous for.  So you can't go wrong with that.  I only wish I had ordered the frosty mug for it.  The fries were very good.  Not your typical fast food fries.  These were thick cut and almost restaurant style.  They go well with malt vinegar which is available at this location as it is combined with Long John Silvers.  On to the burger.  It was not the best burger I have ever had.  It was not especially hot.  But it came out fast and the bacon on it was crispy to perfection.  Service is not exceptional here.  Nor is it bad.  Just limited I guess you could say.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door.  I placed my order.  I received my food.  I ate.  I left.  That was the end of it.
3	Well it is fast food, I thought it was a bit over priced.. The root beer is damn good to be honest! I think it will be a while before I am back...
4	This is a combo building with a long johns silver I've ate their food before but being from Kentucky I'd never had nor heard of this place so I thought I'd give it a try. The staff isn't the nicest and if you ever want any kind of sauce from this place you have to ask because they don't just give it to you. The A&W was surprisingly much better than the long johns silver portion and their fries are really good as well. If you do go here get the root beer or root beer float but make sure you get the chilled mug with it
4	I'm not a big fan of soda.  But I do have a soft spot for ROOTBEER!!! A&W rootbeer is one of my favorites.  I Only come here for rootbeer and rootbeer floats.  The four star rating is based on the fast, friendly service and the always great rootbeer float.  Perfect ratio of icecream and rootbeer.  I dont care for the food here, hate that it shares a kitchen with long john silvers.  I bought fried before at this location and the fries had that fish fry taste.  bleh.  But aside that come by and enjoy a rootbeer float worth it!,
