2	Ew.  I really dislike Kinko's.  And I really REALLY dislike this location of Kinko's.My first big-girl job was in the printing industry and I stayed in it for 4 years.  In that time, I was the main purchaser of paper, ink, etc. for my shop and I became intimate with the costs of such items.  This is why it hurts my freakin' head to see what Kinko's charges.  Their price gouging is INSANE.  It sucks that people don't even realize they're being gouged because they've got the market cornered so hard.Then, don't even get me going on this location.  Oddly enough, every other business I frequent on Maryland Parkway manages to - despite its locale - keep things clean and prevent it from looking like its set down right smack in the ghetto.  Not this place, friends!  It's ghettoriffic!Unfortunately, this place is close to my: work, school and home.  Therefore, out of convenience I sometimes have to go there to FedEx something or the like.  The service is always mediocre.Once I had to use their internet in an INTARWEB EMERGENCY and it worked.  Yippee.
1	I wasn't at all impressed.  I walked in to pick up an order for my boss  which had been messed up on about 5 times before they got it right.  At the counter, I saw a lady on the phone so I didn't think much of it.  After 10 minutes of being on the phone she didn't even look up to help me or ask me what I needed.  I guess she felt that stacking the printer was more important than helping me out.Her eyes was affixed on the computer.  Maybe she was yelping.  :P  Okay, at least acknowledge that I exist and that I was there.  Finally, after 15 minutes total, another lady came up to me and assisted me.  I think they just hate their job.Cons:*  Poor service*  Slow service*  They just ignore you until they feel they have to help you.*  No eye contact.*  No smile.Pros:It was the only Kinko's close to work.
3	Get in, get out - that's all I want from a Fedex/Kinko's and that is what I received. Went in to send off a package that was already marked and ready, and was literally in and out in under 2 minutes. This location is decent and the inside of it is always clean. The customer service could be a bit better as it did take me a moment to flag someone down who worked there, but overall I will use this location if I must. (Damn you, ShoeDazzle for not working with UPS!) I have been here a couple times before and the prices on shipping and random things through Kinko's isn't half-bad and I know I will always get what I pay for.
