3	My wife and I frequent this place quite a bit. We enjoy it, we know what we are getting into when we go here, good prices for good portions of good food. Nothing lights out, but filling and, for the most part, authentic. The location is a little weak, you have to really want to go to Top Shelf to go to Top Shelf, as it is tucked just deeply enough into the NW Peoria Suburbs that its almost not worth it. I really enjoy the chicken burrito fundido. I'm just saying.
1	I've created a new award: the "Wanted" award for worst of any given thing.  You know, the movie with Angelina where you could fling your wrist while shooting a gun and the bullet would somehow curve in midair?  You remember!  The movie with (once) respectable actors taking information from a giant loom that "WOVE" the "FABRIC" of time?  Get it?!?!?!?Well the first Wanted award is in the Restaurants category.  Applause for Top Shelf, the absolute worst restaurant I've ever eaten at.  On the menu, you can choose from nachos that taste like cardboard, tacos stuffed with filling straight from the paper shredder, burritos made out of something a bum would live in, and enchiladas that fill your mouth with the familiar flavor of kleenex.I hate to be mean.  But since I have a duty to anyone who reads this to disseminate truths, I have to just tell you that you should never go there.  If anyone wants to bring you there you should go all gandhi on them and start a hunger strike.  *trust me*
4	this is a consistently good mexican restaurant, but definitely not my favorite. my husband loves it so being the good wife that i am i give in once in awhile and let him have his yummy. i think the prices are a bit steep for standard mexican fare - especially when i consider top shelf compared to my new obsession, el encanto dos. the portions aren't too small or too outrageously large. i'm not a huge fan of either fundido option - the $11ish one or the $14-is one ... althought the $14 one has higher quality beef or chicken. there are far better fundidos in the valley. his tacos with a side of rice are always good, and he eats every bite. i recently enjoyed sour cream enchiladas (1 beef, 1 chicken) and they, along with the rice and beans were a solid dish. service is always good but our most recent experience (monday night) featured top notch service. our server was attentive without being annoying, funny without being fake, efficient without making us feel rushed. we loved him! this 3 star restaurant gets an additional star for service.
3	Nice staff, food is good, sports bar section fabulous
3	Food: 2 starsService: 5 starsMom is visiting from out of town and loves mexican food. We didin't have time to hit our usual spots last Tuesday night so I suggested Top Shelf. We live close, it was close to our utlimate destination so we went. I already knew what to expect from Yelp reviews and speaking with friends. The food: Nothing was "bad", it just wasn't great. The salsa was good, not spicy enough for my taste but it was really good. The chips...not so good. Many of them tasted kind of burnt? Mom had a chimichanga and I had grilled mahimahi fish tacos. The chimi was ok. The tacos were ok as well. Small pieces of fish and they were absolutely loaded with shredded lettuce. The rice was bland but the beans were good. They don't use lard so that is a plus for me. The service was great. Our server, Penny was fast, attentive and friendly. She kept our glasses full and promptly brought more salsa for us.
3	I go back and forth with whether I like this place or not. The food is sometimes bland and sometimes ok. The only time it wow-ed me was when it had just opened a few years ago. Over the past year or so, the flavor isn't really there. I'd have to say I normally eat at this place for convienence. Their chips and salsa is good, service is ok, and the food varies.
3	It's a great neighborhood hang out spot for Friday or Saturday night if you don't want to drive out to Snottsdale or down to Westgate. It's the west valleys version of Cocomo Joe's, but substitute bad karoake for Cocomo's usually good cover bands. They do serve food, but it's par. But who really goes there to eat. The outdoor patio bar and indoor bar is where you will find all the regulars.
2	Crap service.  I hate when I go to a Mexican joint, and they never refill your drinks or chips.  I went on a Saturday night, and it was semi-busy.  Our food came out quickly, but the waitress never came to check on us.  I shared an chimichanga meal with the boy, and it was very small for being $10.  The menu does not have a lot of selection, either.  I finished my margarita and  the waitress dropped off the check without asking if I wanted another.  I was planning on drinking more and getting dessert, but decided to bail after the poor service.
5	I haven't been to Top Shelf in almost 5 years... I forgot how good it was! My hubby and I came here last weekend for dinner (check out their website, they had a printable coupon when I was on there last week - hey it's a recession, I'll take what I can get!) Anyway, we usually end up wanting the same dish when we go out so we decided to pick 2 and share. I ordered the sampler platter and he ordered the Burrito Fundido. Both were excellent! I do recommend to ask for their "hot sauce" as the salsa they first give you is a little weak - just mix the two together for a perfect fix. Even my husband agreed the salsa needed some kick and he doesn't handle the hot stuff like I do. Now onto the awesome beer specials! 32 oz domestics for $4.75! My mug was so big I felt like I was doing bicep curls. Awesome. We asked the waitress, who was extremely attentive, what the beer price is like during "happy hour"... drum roll..... $3.95. I don't know how they stay in business with prices like that but I'm all for it. After dinner we moved into the huge bar area for another drink. They had so many flat screens I couldn't decide which one to watch. We visited on a Saturday night but left around 9pm to meet up with friends and the place was just as busy as when we arrived for dinner. That many people can't be wrong!
3	I come here when I'm dieting. They have a really nice light and healthy menu with several good selections. I always get the chicken fajita salad its simple but there is something about the fresh hot really good chicken fajitas with the crunch of the cold iceberg. love this salad. I don't use the dressing I just pour a Bowl of there yummy salsa over the top and go to town.
3	Being an Arizona native, well Phoenix metro more specifically, I grew up in the west valley. Back then it was an entirely different landscape, there was no Loop 101, no Arrowhead Towne Center and no Walgreen's on every corner. Back then there were farms of cotton and orange groves as far as your eye could see. During the springtime the intoxicating smell of orange blossoms filled the air with their sweet fragrance, it was amazing. Today almost all of the orange trees have been paved over to make way for so called progress and what was is now a distant memory. While the west valley appears to be pretty much like any other part of the valley or the nation for that matter, landscaped by corporate America, there are a few places my family frequented that have managed to survive. One place in particular brings back some of my earliest experiences with Mexican food, Top Shelf. For over 30 years Top Shelf has been making simple yet delicious Mexican food in the west valley. I'm not talking about anything fancy, just tasty burritos, enchiladas and large plates filled with red and green chile, all hearty, comforting and oh-so satisfying. Naturally, once sat, you're treated to a large bowl of fresh chunky mild salsa and hot salty chips. This is something that many newer Mexican joints just don't do, a sign of the times I guess? What usually goes great with your chips and salsa? An Original Top Shelf Margarita (6.75), though their version had a bit too much margarita mix which made it acidic.  After only a few sips it didn't matter that much. Any Mexican place I visit I always will order a Cheese Crisp ($5.55) with lettuce and tomatoes. Ever since I can remember eating here The Top Shelf version has always had the perfect balance of crunchy tortilla to gooey cheese ratio. The addition of fresh veggies and a few spoonfuls of salsa make for a healthful and delicious appetizer, well in my mind anyway. Quite a few places around town serve up a Fajita Burrito Fundido ($14.95), though only a few get it right. In the Top Shelf version they take grilled chicken or beef, wrap it in a huge flour tortilla then deep fry until it's brown and crispy. On top they then cover it with jalapeno cream cheese and melted cheddar cheese and it's served with beans & rice. While I only had a few bites in order to save room for other items, the tender chicken was so moist and flavorful they didn't even have to put cheese on it.Years ago it was at Top Shelf that I had my first exposure to red chile; they take cubes of lean pork then simmer them in a bath of red chile gravy. With the Number 8 Combo, ($13.20), you not only get a massive plate with a red chile burrito, you also get a cheese enchilada, beef taco plus rice and beans. Whew, it took me some time to finish but I felt proud of myself for accomplishing this. While the smell of orange blossoms is gone, the taste of Mexican food remains, free chips and all.
4	Great Mexican food!  I had the shredded beef burro enchilada style and my husband had the cheese and fajita chicken quesadilla.  Both very tasty!  Very big cold beers too for a very reasonable price.  Nice atmosphere in the bar and close to home.
4	Terrific experience. This was a great lunch experience for me at Top Shelf. I had the Pollo Fundido chicken burrito and it was deeeeelish!I chose to sit on the patio outside and was the only one there so my service and attentiveness was lack luster, but the food was worth the wait.I'll remember this place!
4	You know what?  This is a great neigborhood bar with decent food.  Not a fine dining establishment.  So love it for what it is.  Very good drinks - and have 'em in the bar....forget the dining room - mix with the regulars.Have some nachos, or a burrito.  But realize you're there for fun, not for 5 stars.  The beer's cold, the margs are smooth and the help, with one exception are pretty damn nice. (one's a little pushy going for extra sales)So why only 4 stars?  Because it's not and never will be, a 5 star place.  Go there to relax and enjoy and meet all the trades guys (who knows, you may find a guy that can fix your sink) and the neighbors.  If I owned a place, I'd want it to be just like this!
4	Atmosphere is good the staff in the cantina is consistent on being courteous and timely with getting the order out. The grand tostada is amazing, however do not order it to go, it becomes soggy. Great place to hang out with family and friends.
1	Great service less then mediocre food.We went for lunch and the parking lot being empty should have been a sign. I had the fish tacos that were very fishy and came on flour tortillas and with lettuce when the menu stated corn tortillas and cabbage. rice and beans were fine nothing special. My boyfriend ordered the shrimp fajitas and he tasted one shrimp and said I cant eat this, ill get sick. The shrimp tasted old and were almost soggy.    DO NOT recommend and will not be back.
1	Don't drink the water... or eat the food. I got serious, serious food poisoning from this place.
3	Top Shelf?  maybe Middle Shelf.It's hit or miss when you're eating here.  Food is well........nothing like my favorite spots in Tucson, but okay.  Service is adequate as well. The bar area is large with a nice sized patio.  Good drinks, service and did I mention they had an outside patio?  I enjoy drinking and eating outside on a nice patio.  If you think of Top Shelf as a nice neighborhood bar that serves food, then you've hit the nail on the head, however, if you think of it in the reverse, then you've missed the mark.  Nice place to hang out for a drink or two, three or four....just don't expect great food.Would I go back again?  Sure, it's good to have a neighborhood bar within walking distance from home.
2	Sloppy server, makes you wonder about the kitchen if they allow you to see the unkept servers.  Our server had a ripped shirt and there were others with old food stuck to their uniforms.  The food was just okay.  The restrooms stink to high heaven.  Don't think I will be back there anytime soon.
1	I don't like Top Shelf...  I don't like Top Shelf...  This is what I tell myself everything while shaking my head and pulling into the parking lot.A short story about the sad state of affairs on the west side...It is pretty interesting when you can be AT a restaurant, and talking to a packed bar full of people IN the restaurant, about how much the restaurant sucks.This was my experience the last time I was there.Then why are we all sitting here!!??That concludes my short story about the sad state of restaurant (especially Mexican) affairs on the West Side.Their tortillas are just horrible.  Thick like door mats.  Tacos, OK.  The fajita quesadilla is supposed to be top notch, but at $15 bucks, I haven't tried it.Go across the street to the Caminero if you want some darn good Mexican.  No booze there though, just solid Mex.
4	People that rate Top Shelf, don't understand it.If you go here, don't sit on the non bar side unless you have to.  The bar side is where its at...its a Mexican sports bar, if you want authentic Mexican food, don't come here.  Come here to watch the game and snack on chips and salsa.The best items on the menu are the fajitas and the fajita fundido burrito.  I prefer steak, but chicken is fine.  Add jalepenos for more fun.  The chips are fresh and the salsa is the best I've had in the valley.If you're drinking, skip the margaritas on the menu and order the Million Dollar Margarita...if you're a heavy drinker, two should give you a buzz, three will make you giggly...if you're a light drinker, be careful with one.On the way out, grab one of the key lime mints.
4	Ok so we came here for a few drinks after dinner.  We arrived about 8:00 and we were able to find a table near the bar.  Now I did not have any food as I am a strict beer diet.  I did however have a nice 32 oz Tecate.  My friends had some margaritas and they enjoyed them.   The bar was very loud but they did have a lot of t.vs and all the March Madness games were on.The server appeared to be new but did a good job.  Not a bad place to check out if you are town for a few days.
4	If you are looking for a place that is affordable, clean, and pleasant - with no surprises - this is it. The parking lot was full on a Sunday evening, which we took as a good sign. Jon (my bf) and I were greeted by a looks-to-be-13-year-old hostess (not judging, just saying) who asked us if we wanted restaurant, bar, or patio.....we chose bar, which turned out to be a great choice.The atmosphere was one of a traditional American sports bar. It was comfortable and open. Several tvs were on, and the background radio was country. A friendly blonde waitress had chips/salsa in front of us within 30 seconds of sitting down, and Jon had his High Roller margarita in front of him within 3 minutes.  I ordered the mahi mahi tacos on corn tortillas (which the waitress enthusiastically assured me are "very popular") and Jon got the shredded beef chimichanga combo meal.I guess the perk of sitting in the bar section is that the staff is VERY attentive with the drinks. Our food came out pretty quickly, but not before Jon was able to finish a second High Roller margarita and order an "SOS - strawberry" for dessert. He's not even a margarita or "girly drink" person, but he said that this place was really impressive.The food was served fresh on hot plates. I order fish frequently, and I can say that the mahi mahi in my tacos was pure happiness - light, refreshing, and humbling - kind of like when you see the ocean for the first time in years.  My only comment was that I wish there were something that could breathe more spice into the meal. Jon's chimichanga was also tender and flavorful, but it could have used more Mexican charm.I'm not a connoisseur of Mexican cuisine, and I am the first to admit this. But it's hard to beat the following: good food, moderate price, wonderful service, clean and wholesome atmosphere.I will definitely be back.
3	We sit in bar.  Like the food and people watching.  Many TVs with sports channels.  Kind of pricey.  Quick service when not busy.   Wait staff great and friendly.  Outdoor seating covered and misters
4	Great place, food was good, great service and atmosphere at the bar, good drink selection.
3	Really good margaritas.  Their food isn't anything special.  I am particularly critical because I am capable of making my own Mexican food that is way better than this place.  I would say their food is more Americanized Mexican food than true Mexican food.  Their salsa tastes like tomato sauce from the can.  Their happy hour is pretty good though.  I tend just to stick to that menu along with the delicious margaritas.
2	This is near my parent's house.  I like my parent's they are pretty cool people, and this is their bar.  Due to proximity and I'd guess little else.If I show up when they are there, my beer is free.  This is why I go to Top Shelf.The service is hit of miss.  Sometimes the glasses are kept full, sometimes our part of the bar or our patio table is a barren desert that no one ventures to.I'd say it's and 50/50 split.  The chips are the standard free chips.  Sometimes we get the cheesy spinach dip, which is good, but nothing special to see here.I really like my parents, and the free beers (when we can get them) so as long as they keep going, I'll keep going.
2	I would give this place two to two and one half stars. My family has eaten here a few times and overall it seems to be about average. Fajitas usually have too much black pepper and the tortillas are too thick. The chips and salsa are good. Service is hit and miss and the kid's meals are a bit expensive. There are better and worse Mexican food restaurants to eat at in Phoenix.
1	I ordered the nachos, these come with ground beef. As I was digging in, I noticed a red part in my meat. I put it to the side and looked further.... A lot of the meat appeared uncooked, as there was a lot of red and pink. I asked the waitress to please take my plate, and she said she could replace it for free. I ordered the same thing without meat. When she delivered my plate, not only was there still undercooked meat on it, she told me "When the meat is reheated in the oven- it can sometimes turn pink & appear uncooked".... What kind of meat does this?! WOW- so I can be lied to and still get food poisoning? Bullsh*t. You can guarantee I will NOT be returning. I'm sorry I had to pay for my crappy bloody mary & my sick nachos.
3	My favorite thing about this place is the outside patio. The chips and salsa were good and fresh tasting. My burrito was so so as well as what my husband had.  I think just hanging on the patio having cocktails is what I would return for.
3	Pretty good Mexican sit down restaurant. More on the Americanized side but still flavorful and tasty. I like that authentic Mexican food better though.
2	Food here used to be good!  Now our last visit, we were sat at a booth that we had to wipe the seat first, the wall surrounding us looked as if it had not been cleaned in quite some time (the dead fly on the window sill confirmed this).  The wait staff not to professional, I know we live in Arizona but I prefer not to look at the butt cheeks of waitresses hanging out as I am eating, they really need to go to a pant uniform instead of those shorts.  Free chips and salsa, um they have gone to using these small bowls that barely fit a handful in them and they were gone before we received our drinks.  The cheese crisp has been reduced to might as well not waste your money portion size and last 2 times here have had to send it back as I told the waitress I ordered a cheese crisp not a burnt crisp.  Food comes out and is blah, my taco shell is hard and tastes stale, her enchilada is so blah she eats a quarter of it and we bring it home and threw it to the dogs to eat.  Their was a time I was so unhappy before leaving at the hostess desk I spoke to the so called manager on duty, he seemed as if I was interrupting his busy time which consisted of not doing much.  I told him of that bad experience and he made no real attempt to make it right just stood shaking his head, ( probably figured he already had our money your bothering me just go away), well I told you then another bad experience and I will not be back so not only will I not be back but I am writing this review and making sure to tell everyone I know of your restaraunt and it being in their best interest to steer clear.
1	I have eaten there in the past and the food was decent. I took mu wife there this weekend and ordered grilled fish tacos. They were terrible. Really no fish. Just a very small amount of this disgusting chopped up fish stuff. Not even sure it was fish. A weird color. Basically I paid 12.95 for lettuce and cheese tacos with beans and rice. I will never go back. Not one person asked me how my food was. Probably knew the answer.
5	Love this place! The patio is awesome! Usually just come in for some delicious corona light on tap and some of the awesome queso, oh and according to my better half the ranger IPA is also on point.... Side bar... Any way tonight we decided to eat and told the bartender Tiffany to just pick something for us she brought out the fajita fundido on separate plates for us to share it was delicious and Tiffany's great! Sit at the bar for the best service, ask for Tiffany
2	Fish tacos=frozen fish fillet whole not even cut up on a corn tortilla with a pound of lettuce.  No refund no can we get you something else.  2 stars for the chix tacos are good.
3	The first time I went was really good, I had gotten beef and chicken tacos and they had gotten my order wrong, I think it was like two beef, then when they gave me another taco it was beef again and then the 4th taco they gave me was chicken. They didn't charge me extra and it was good so I had a great first experience but I have to say the more times I go back the more I'm not crazy about the food, price or the weird seating they have were the booths on the side are above other people and some make you face the people sitting on the ground level, my girl and I last time spent have the time looking at the people 5 feet away from us because that's the way the table was facing. To be honest, if I can find another Mexican place she won't be picky about I don't think I'll make the drive here again. Plenty of parking spaces though and though I never go to the bar area those people seem to be having fund watching games and whatnot.
4	Great food, good atmosphere, good service. Had chicken and steak fajitas, both meats were juicy and flavorful. Could have been a little cleaner, some chip crumbs in our booth and a cart of dirty dishes/glasses was left out in the open. Otherwise great experience.
1	The food is simply horrible. It lacks flavor, probably due to the lack of it being fresh and seasoned properly. If you want a fried item then it is the same as any other fried food at any other place. The service is ok, nothing special. It is always busy whenever we drive by and it is a mystery. If you want fresh, perfectly seasoned and cooked food I would suggest chipotle.
3	Chips and salsa are VERY good. Steak fajita meat is delicious. Pollo fundido is also very good. Everything else on the menu is very average. Their beans arent very good, and their rice is terrible. There are much better mexican restaurants within 15 min of top shelf, but if proximity is a priority, then you go to top shelf. Also, there is one waitress there that is awesome. She used to leave phx each summer and come back each winter but i havent seen her recently, but she makes the place 10 times better.
3	Food is good but service can be hit and miss . I recommend the tacos and taco salad, great margaritas and tall draft beers
2	Pretty mediocre food it is not worth the price.  I would actually go elsewhere to eat that much better for the same price.
4	Top shelf is our go to for Mexican food.  The staff is friendly.   Patio dining.  I absolutely love the fact that there are low calorie and light options at a Mexican restaurant.  Great margaritas and chips and salsa as well.
1	Place is ridiculous. Was originally going to head to the divey joint across the street (sounded more authentic) but it looked closed and we were hungry so ended up at Top Shelf.Decided not to look at the menu beforehand as I like to be pleasantly surprised when I open the menu. Ordered drinks and an overpriced appetizer then opened the menu. I believe all the combo plates had 3 items except for 1. I don't need 3 items. 3 items is why America is fat. Looked over at the a-la-carte menu and laughed at their prices. We finished our appetizer and split.These guys want $3.75 for an a-la-carte taco. For 20 cents more I can get a fancy yuppy-style taco at Taco Guild and be in a much cooler atmosphere. Most of their combos come with beans OR rice, not both. $6.75 for chicken fingers on the kids menu + $1.50 for the drink. That's $8.25 for a kids menu chicken finger meal. Ok fine, you don't want to lose money on kids meals. Why even have a kids menu?No way is the cost of business that pricey in that area. These guys are priced way too high on everything.I hate to say it but when you walk into a Mexican joint and see that many non-hispanics eating you just know it's gonna suck. And suck it did.
2	If you want to go here stick to the drink menu. The margaritas are delicious!! The chips were good but the salsa was a little bland than what I'm use to. What started as a 10 minute wait turned into 40min. We asked for a new high chair as ours was broken and we watched as 4 more families came in with working chairs and we never received ours. The enchiladas left little to be desires. The chicken was perfectly cooked but everything was so bland. I've also never been to a place that uses sour cream and there was about a half a tub on my food. I would def go back for drinks though!!
2	Short story: Very "Americanized" Mexican food at higher than necessary prices. Watery so so salsa, but the chips were fresh and good. We made the mistake of parking on the side by the dumpsters: Avoid that mistake, they smell terrible! And is it just me but when the employees use the general bathroom in the front of the restaurant is that kind of weird? Going in to use the bathroom I was passed by a cook on the way in and waiter on the way out. Maybe it's just me. For the food: The fish taco is not recommended, fishy and bland. The beef taco, I did think was good. Sorry I didn't find more to like!
5	Great neighborhood Mexican restaurant.  The place can get very busy, but the staff is always courteous and timely.  We like to get beans with the jalepeno cheese on top for a dip to have with our chips.
4	Our weds night dinner stop after evening bootcamp. Love the chips and salsa. And AWESOME fish tacos. But sometimes the services is a little behind
4	The food here is perfecto and the chips and salsa are very addictive. My favorite is the muchaco tacos and a margarita. We always get great service in the bar area. However the hostess ladies for the dinning room can bd hit or miss. So unless you have to sit in the dinning room I suggest the bar area! Oh ya, try the green chili burro, it rocks.
3	Love the bar but not the food!We end up here fairly often and we're always in the bar.  They have good prices on drinks, the full menu of food and there are plenty of TVs with many different sporting events to choose from.  The bar staff is always good at changing the channels for us too.I've eaten in the restaurant once and I found the meals to be lame.  Greasy, bland and sub-par for the Phoenix market.  I do order food in the bar sometimes but I have to be very selective, sticking to grilled items like the grilled fish tacos, which are OK.  I'll eat my share of chips & salsa in the bar too.  They're nothing special but not gross at all.Last thing is about Karaoke... STOP IT!   It drives us out every time we're there and Karaoke starts.  Way too loud for people who shouldn't get handed a mic.
1	This place sucks. Terrible service and I can usually tell how my food is going to be by the chips and salsa. Chips were stale, salsa below average and we had to ask for them. Waitress was more in the mood to socialize with drunkies in the bar instead of taking care of her customers who were there to eat. Food was bland and tasteless. They should change their name to "Clearance Shelf."
4	Our waitress was super nice! she was on it on refilling our drinks and keeping the chips and salsa stocked ! i didn't get a meal but everyone's meal looked super tasty! I will definitely be back to try the food! 4 stars for great service and that fifth star will be determined when I try some food  !!
1	I have always had a good time at Top Shelf, but last nights visit proved different.  Are server was preoccupied with a baby at the bar then taking care of his customers.  I ate 2/3 of my dinner without anything to drink because he didn't check on us.  My food was cold and my tacos were so greasy that the grease was pouring out the bottom and the shells fell apart. While still finishing my undelightful  dinner, the server finally asked if we needed anything else or wanted desert.  I asked for water and my husband asked for more tea.  It took over 5 minutes to get the drinks.  My husbands tea glass was completely packed with ice and 2/3 full with tea, there was so much ice that he could not even mix a sweet n low in it. I will try one more time, but think I may have to love on to somewhere else.
3	I love the convenience of this place since it's so close to my house. The bar is great with tons of TV's, they have fun karaoke and good service. The food is just meh. Very typical Mexican food, decent chips and salsa. You probably won't get a bad meal, just good atmosphere and decent food.
3	I am torn about this place, I enjoy the bar and patio during game time and just hanging out with friends.  The place is always busy so these reviews dont hurt them much.  Sad to say but the only thing I order here is chicken wings...yes they do have them and they are not on the menu.  I do not care for their Mexican food at all and even their salsa is not that great.  I wish it were better but it does not seem to hurt their business because they are always packed.  I recommend going to Camineros across the street if you need Mexican and then get plastered here.  Very casual, good size bar and patio, service is always very good and other than the food I actually kind of like this place.  Ha ha, sorry Top Shelf
1	I called the manager to let him know that I was given the wrong item on take out and over charged an entire meal. I ordered something ala carte, and was given a meal instead. His response to me was 'next time be more specific'. I was a frequent customer of this restaurant, but no longer, will be taking my money elsewhere.
