5	I'm so happy with this studio!!! It's beautiful, clean & everyone is welcoming. Plus, it's a perfect location!!
5	Great, clean studio! This is the first time ice tried bikram yoga and I'm so glad I did. The instructors/owner are so nice and very helpful. On my first class they welcomed me and told me not to be nervous and just try and stay in the room, but if I needed to step out or take a break it was ok. Anthony was great!!The studio is very modern and super super clean!! I took my mom today for the first time and she also enjoyed it.Make sure you bring cold water and a large towel for your mat. They even offer yoga mat/towel rentals and have a cold fridge with beverages. Try this place, you won't regret it!!
5	New to Bikram , the three instructors I've experienced have all been very friendly. Small studio, straight forward, affordable prices.
5	I am finally back to the only yoga class that works for me, Brikram Yoga. I haven't practiced for 2 yrs! This is a great new studio. The changing room and especially the showers are a bit too small. I would definitely recommend it. Try it - your body will love you for it!
5	Today was my 6th class, chronic lower back pain is greatly reduced already. The first couple of classes I struggled just to stay in the room. Today I not only had no trouble completing the class but did not skip any sets or postures ( a huge accomplishment for me). The studio is clean and instructors are knowledgeable and chairing.  Looking forward to the benefits of consistently coming here.
5	Nice , clean studio,  bathroom is clean, yoga studio does nit have a sweat odour, happy to have a studio on side of vegas, they have great opening specials,  very convenient location,  just off the 215...I used the amazon local deal, but they also have groupon, deals.I do plan on becoming a regular member here,
5	I must admit that when I first decided to try a class I thought it would be easy because I have above average flexibility. But 20 mins into the 90 mins class I found myself wondering if I would make it to the end as I looked at the clock.The instructor encouraged me to hang in there and work at my own pace which ultimately helped me make it to the end. After that class I knew this was the place for me and I've been there since Sept 2014. I know I still have a long way to go but I'm thankful and looking forward to the journey!
