3	I have always received friendly and courteous service here. I have never purchased tires but I have had a few flats repaired. I seem to be able to find all the nails in the road.
5	I went in with no appointment for a wheel alignment.  They seemed busy, but I was still out in under an hour.The salesperson informed me of my responsibilities to keep the warranty on my service in tact.Hopefully the alignment was done properly. I will update if anything goes wrong, but very happy right now.
1	Don't bother. I had an appointment for an oil change on a Saturday afternoon. The appointment was for 2pm. I booked it several days ahead so that I wouldn't end up sitting in the waiting area for a long time.  When I made it I specified that I would be waiting, they confirmed day before.  I arrived and checked in 1:50pm. At 2:40 I noticed that my car had not even been moved from the place I had parked it. My boyfriend went to ask if they had maybe done it and put it back before we even noticed. They apologized for the wait, and said that it was being done right then, and would be finished in a few minutes. My boyfriend pointed to the car in the lot and asked again if maybe it was finished and they forgot to tell us. Manager- "I don't know what the hell those guys are doing out there." He went and talked to the guys in the garage and they did start it a few minutes later. He did not charge for it, and gave me a coupon for half off of the next one. So I have to give some credit for that.The rest of the experience really made up my mind though. First of all, I know it gets busy and a manager needs to be able to trust that his employees will do their job, but this one was not keeping tabs on the employees and they were NOT doing their jobs. They fix people's brakes for a living.The manager is reporting that they have provided service that had not been started.In the hour I listened to the service managers conversations with the customers that were picking their vehicles up, I heard him tell several customers that he had done more work than they had authorized and charge them up to twice what they had been quoted. It was necessary and required for safety reasons. Same crap has been pulled on me and I know better now.I just don't trust them, to the point where I checked my oil that day to see if it had really been changed. It had been.
1	Not happy! A broken car! Do not let them do any work on ur car other than tire change you will end up in debt and with a broken car on top of that! Do not apply for the credit card either its a trick to charge you more money after they screw up on ur car!
5	UPDATEFirestone went through my car with a fine tooth comb. They identified the root cause of the issue and took ownership. They made the necessary repairs, and the car is running better than it has in years. The Manager is professional, helpful and transparent. I am once again a fan of Firestone, specifically this location.- phil==========I've been going to this location for several years. They have always been professional, timely and reasonably priced, but my latest visit was a disappointing and surprising disaster. I went in for an oil change, and there was something wrong with the brakes. The brakes were a surprise because the same location serviced them less than a year prior. They showed me the new issue - the calipers had gone bad. They fixed the new problem and replaced the parts from the previous service for free. I was a happy customer... until I picked up my car. As soon as I turned the key, I knew something was off. The engine did not sound or feel right (subtle but noticeable). The car was sluggish during acceleration. Still, it ran without significant issues so I took it home.Two days later I took my family on a road trip. We were headed up a steep incline and all of a sudden we lost power and white smoke exploded out of our tailpipe.I took the car back, explained the observations when I picked the car up and the performance during the road trip. They were closing in 45 minutes so the manager said they'd look at it and have an answer the next morning.The next morning came with an $1,100 estimate to fix the car. The manager, under the impression that only the brakes were repaired, maintained that their service had nothing to do with the issues causing the performance and behavior I observed after I picked it up.I disagree.If my car worked (except for the brakes) before I dropped it off, you work on it for two days, and there's a problem when I pick it up - you caused the problem.I'm waiting on a response from their Corporate Office. I hope they choose to take ownership of this.
5	What I like about this place is they are fair, everyone is professional and easy to get along with. They are not trying to screw you over but trying to honestly fix your car, unlike some places.  No one likes to have their car worked on because it's expensive, but when you come to this Firestone at least you know you'll be taken care of and the job will get done!
5	Great service.  I have the lifetime alignment for one of my vehicles and have been in a few times.  They always get the alignment done in less than an hour from my appointment time.  I needed new tires for one of my cars today.  Just showed up without an appointment they were still able to replace all 4 tires with an alignment in less than 2 hours including time for them to get the tires I wanted from another location.
1	Look, folks, don't take you car to Firestone, okay?Look through all the other local reviews on here, like you're already doing if you're reading this, and find a SMALL, reputable local shop with good reviews.Firestone is just a big crappy chain, they are WAY overpriced for their services.Firestone and similar places may be thorough when it comes to SOME issues, but these mechanics are just reading codes from the diagnostic machine.And can we talk about diagnostic prices? Like $90 or $100.Take your car to Keith's (Interstate Auto) right next door. He's honest. FREE diagnostic. Finds the REAL problems.Firestone COMPLETELY MISSED a vacuum leak on my gal's car, but Keith found it.Firestone wanted to charge us over $2000 for all the things they wanted to do, many just precautions. They would have replaced my mass air flow sensor, without even TELLING ME they can be cleaned, and then completely miss the vacuum leak? I don't think so. The front desk girl is nice, but the mechanic I talked to was kinda rude, pushy, and just sounded annoyed to have to talk to me.Don't go to Firestone. Find somewhere else. ANYWHERE else.
1	This location used to be fantastic. I'd been coming here for 5+ years, spending thousands over the life of my car. The guys were honest, efficient, friendly, fast, and I always left feeling safe and confident and not taken advantage of.Over the last 6-12 months I've seen that longtime staff disappear and the location be populated with folks that don't seem to know what they're doing when it comes to cars OR customers.Confusion at checkin, non-mechanic "associates" that can't interact with customers with any degree of skill.But, let's focus on the quality of work- I used to come here because they were honest. They would always do a complete check then run down a list of what they found and let me choose based on their advice. Now- no more. Those guys are gone and I wish I knew what shop they were working in because I'd drive pretty far to get to do business with them again.The prices are outrageous compared to what they used to be. And the quality of work is terrible. I took my car in there last week for what they called a "fuel leak" and now after filling my car with gas it's stalling out and I'm scared to even drive it. I am reading through the experiences of others over the last year and that's exactly what I have experienced- shoddy workmanship and lack of attention to detail along with extremely inflated prices for "labor". I wouldn't mind paying more if I knew the work was getting done properly.
