5	I had Mark with Kelso Electric install a Surge Protector @ my electrical box.  The price was reasonable, the work was excellent, and he was very professional. Mark will now be my "go to" Electrician.
5	I would highly recommend Mark.  Very honest and reasonable prices.  This was electrical work related to a personal residence.
5	I used Mark for repairs at one of my rentals and everything went very well.  He dealt in an honest and very professional manner.    I got his name from my favorite plumber the Pipe Doctor and am very happy with the recommendation.  It's so nice to be connected with GREAT, local, small businesses!
5	I just moved into a new house which was bank owned.  House was in terrific shape, except half the electrial upstairs did not work (lights and outlets).  Mark was quick to respond to my email, and was able to come out the next day.  He was here on top, quickly trouble shot the problem, and had my entire electrical working in under an hour.  Very knowledgable and capable, definitely recommend using.
1	Just Called their office number and the voicemail says that they are no longer accepting new work or new customers. :(
5	I contacted 3 Electricians to request estimates on a rather large electrical job at our house. Two of the electricians were from Angie's List and the third a referral from a friend.Two of the 3 electricians (1 Angie's List and the other an outside referral) were able to make it over and give us estimates.  Both electricians came within a couple hundred dollars of each other cost wise.  After meeting both electricians and going over all online reviews for both companies I was leaning towards Mark Kelso's company.  It was important to me that the person doing the work at our house was the person that is certified and holds all the licensing. With Kelso Electric, Mark Kelso is the owner and the electrician that would do all the work. Mark was the higher of the two estimates but was willing to match his competitors estimate and we were thrilled to hire Kelso Electric for the job.The job touched every room in the house and went 360 degrees around the outside:* Install pigtail switches and outlets to copper keeping old switches and outlets* Install motion sensing flood/coach lights on the front garage, front entry back yard and both side yards* Install GFI outdoor outlets at front of house, patio and two at the back yard.* Install GFI TV outlet on patio* Install 2 florescent lights in garage* Install 3 additional outlets in garage for water softener and work bench.* Install 2 new ceiling fans and correct mounting brackets on 3 others* Install 4 can lights in living room with dimmer switch* Install 1 can light over computer desk with dimmer switch* Install additional power/USB outlet  behind computer and separate outlet for the alarm* Install 6 can lights in kitchen on motion senor switch* Install 2 additional power outlet in kitchen* Install a circular skylight dome in kitchen* Install HDMI connections and additional power outlets for wall mounted TVs in 3 rooms* Install exhaust fan with timer switch in main bath* Install another GFI outlet in main and master bathrooms* Install additional power outlets in all 3 bedrooms* Upgrade electrical panel to new 40 space 200 amp panelMark was always on time, professional and personable.  He was always willing to listen to any concerns and answer all our questions. He was wonderful about working with all our changes as they came up.Mark did a fabulous job with all the work, meeting deadlines and keeping us up-to-date on everything as we went along. Mark was very thoughtful in prepping the areas he was working in and cleaning up after himself at the end of each day.One of the most important items that factors into my final decision to hire any service provider is other customer's reviews of how the provider handles issues or any problems. We ran into an issue with the location of our front entry light and its ability to function as a motion detector. Mark installed and tried 3 different style lights and when we were still having issues came back a month later to install a timer switch as an alternative so we can still use the light in the way we were trying to. I couldn't be more thrilled with our decision to hire Mark Kelso as our electrician and would rehire and or recommend him again for any future work.
