4	I am so in love with the exceptional level of service provided at this diamond in the rough naturopathic clinic! It may not look like much from the outside. Inside the unsurpassed warmth and tenderness is ideal for a deeply enriching, healing experience. I was gifted a 90 minute massage and was not disappointed. The masseuse was knowledgeable and hyper receptive to my needs. I walked in trapped in a bubble of negativity. When I left I was literally floating... I felt cleansed and utterly flawless. Another major plus was that the entire indulgent, spirit lifting experience was under $40. A professional, extraordinary 90 minute massage for under $40?! Seriously go for it!
1	I went here because I was really sick and it was a Saturday so my options were limited.  A lot of my friends go here because they can't afford anything else. Sometimes they're able to get what they need, but they've all mentioned the lack of professionalism of this clinic. One friend went there and Dr. Arneson misdiagnosed her with an ear infection without even examining her, and presribed her an antibiotic she didn't need that ended up making her sick.The "doctor" I saw that day had no idea what she was doing. What I really wanted was a strep throat test. It took her several minutes to even track one down, and it seemed like she had no idea how to administer it. She didn't bother to ask me what I was taking for my sickness - I had to bring it up.  She started going off on her crackpot anti-vaccine beliefs while there was a needle in my arm.  The drip she gave me didn't help at all - I was sick as a dog for another week. On top of that, she charged me more than $120 freaking dollars for my visit, when my friends say they usually get charged $10 or $20.  I could have gone to an urgent care clinic for half that and seen a real doctor, one who actually accepts scientific facts.This place is a joke.  There's no way I'm going back there.
5	I tell all my friends about The Source, particularly Dr. David Arneson.Professional, approachable, affordable.Easy to get in with the doc.Saturday hours.Nature first, Rx if necessary. Dr. Arneson is highly regarded in his field. This I did not know when I was looking for a doctor to see on a Saturday morning. I just needed some antibiotics and it didn't occur to me to go to urgent care. Dr. Arneson is the most caring doctor I have ever been to. And he is also no nonsense, which I love. The Source is a training clinic, and the days when student interns are there, you don't get charged an office visit fee. I have been a patient of Dr. Arneson's for 2 1/2 yrs.
