2	Excited to try the new DD I arrive and see a line out the door. Good sign I think.. As I wait in line for 12 minutes I come to realize it is not the fact that so many are here for the new revamped DD.. It is because of the kid working behind the register.. I finally get my turn and here goes:Me - I'll take the # 5 with an ice coffeeDD - Uhh I don't know if I can do that, it won't let me put ice in the register machineMe- Ok well can you ring it in as normal but make it iced instead of hot?DD - I guess but I could get in trouble((Thoughts - From who the DD ice fairly? Gimme a break!))Me - I won't tellDD - We are out of the egg white scramble..Me - Ok then #1 with an ice coffeeRepeat conversation above. NO JOKE.The sausage muffin thing was gross, the amount of sugar they added to my coffee immediately began to rot my teeth. Will not be going back.
2	I was really excited to see that this place has re-opened. They were closed for almost 7 months for remodeling wtf!  Before they closed I stopped here a couple times a week for coffee and to pick up some donuts for the office.  The line always moved fairly quickly and smoothly even though the line was out. door.  I really liked the donuts here.   That excitement quickly dwindled after the first time coming here after the re-opening.  Service was slow and disorganized.  The counter and employees block the view of the donut selection, making it difficult to pick out a dozen.  There doesn't seem be as great a variety of donuts as before.  The donuts have changed and not for the better.  The donuts are not as dense and tasty as they once were.  My coworkers have also noticed this and they agree the donuts are not as good. I thought maybe the new employees needed time to get things sorted out.  Well I have been here over a half dozen times since and each time is the same.  I wish there was another donut shop in this area.
4	I can't really comment on how this location was before the remodel but I can compare it to the 200+ DDs I've been in during my life...and for one outside of the Northeast it does a pretty good job. And god knows its better than Starbucks. I've never experienced an extended wait or a line and I've always had my order delivered to me in a timely fashion. The don't toast the English muffin on the breakfast sandwich automatically, as has been my experience everywhere else, so make sure to request it. It makes all the difference in the world. The donuts themselves are not nearly as large as they should be. (The largest ones I've ever seen are the ones at the DD on the corner of Mass Ave and Haviland St...they are seriously the size of bread plates) the glazed donuts should have more glaze but they will make do if you are craving something sweet. They also offer something here called long johns? I've never seen those, or heard of them before, but they look like long rectangular Boston cremes. My main reason for stopping in here is to get tea and hot chocolate, which never disappoint. Unlike the DD near where we used to live in N. Scottsdale this one serves hot chocolate the proper way- out of a machine baby. Since this location is on my way to campus at the moment I will definitely continue to stop there. Once the light rail is up and I'm taking that in I'll switch over to the Mill Ave location.
3	Since the DD remodel, I've been to several locations and overall, I've been pleasantly surprised.  Service is usually friendly and my turkey sausage egg white flatbread sandwich is consistently pretty good.So, as I passed by this location today, i figured I'd have a similar experience to the others I've been to... but the employees at this location were slow, unfriendly, and just not welcoming.My turkey sausage egg white flatbread was still consistent with the others though, so I can't complain too much.Yes, I hate chains, but every now and then, I allow myself a visit to DD.  I can put up with a little attitude at a chain if I have to... it's worth it for the tasty coffee, tea, sandwich, and occasional sweet treat - especially for the price.  For everything else, I shop local!
3	Alrighty, folks. We got donuts.Seriously, I hate writing reviews for chains. But there's a few things about Dunkin Donuts I've recently discovered...even though they're all over back in New York (where I'm from).- Skip the latte. Seriously. It sucks here.- If you don't like black coffee, just get a regular coffee w/sugar and cream. They add it for you, and you'll like it.- The donuts were hard to see on my first visit, right after they remodeled. No problems seeing now. However, I do not think they have as much variety these days as they used to.- Bagels, donuts, muffins: all good. Sandwiches, not so much.Hope this helps.
4	Again, I'm trying to mix things up again on my end, and since Gold Bar was packed with no seating, I decided to go elsewhere and get my internet and coffee on.  This place is a little out of the way for me, but they offer free wifi, have great hours and serve donuts!!!!!  Hooray for donuts!The place is small.  Counter seating only and its limited.  Parking is adaquet, and considering its a Sunday afternoon, an open seat is always a sight to see.Service here is fine, and their donut selection is decent considering how late in the day it is for these guys. I don't go to Dunkin Donuts often, but thier always there when I need them.  I love the free wifi too!  hooray!The one downside to this whole thing??  ITS FREEZING IN HERE.  I feel like I'm in a morgue its so dam cold.  Anyways, I will be back!!
4	I'm not normally a huge fan of reviewing chain businesses, but after checking in and perusing the reviews for this Dunkin' I couldn't help but jump in.  I live a stone's throw away, and as a result it has become a fixture of mine on my way to North Phoenix for work.  The lines are definitely scary in the morning, but much to my surprise they move a lot quicker than I would think.Despite the vast number of people, the super friendly employees have memorized my drink, and always help out with a smile.  Thank you DD for jerking me into consciousness in the morning!
4	When you stare at the walls of a cubicle 40 hours a week, you just have to get out. Lunch time is sacred. It is my time to sit with my iPhone and catch up on Yahoo news stories (the ones I didn't finish reading at work).  To save money, I bring lunch a lot of the time, but can't digest properly in a business environment. Living in Phoenix, the summer is too hot to eat outside without shade. And there is NO SHADE. Enter: Dunkin Donuts. Since most eating establishments will not let you eat your lunch there without purchasing something, I always find myself buying a subpar smoothie or an overpriced bottle of Pepsi (and NO ONE carries the Throwback). Dunkin Donuts has shaded outdoor seating, partially obstructed by the wall so employees can't see you using their tables. Each is equipped with an umbrella AND is under an overhang. Talk about thorough. When the temperatures reach over 115, they even turn on the misters. They offer free Wi-Fi as well, though my phone doesn't seem to want to mooch from it. The downside is that it is very close to the traffic of Priest Drive, making it difficult to hear the episode of 30 Rock I am streaming on the Netflix app. ESPECIALLY when Alec Baldwin delivers his gems of dialogue. The cramp that I get from cupping my hand around the speaker to add a little volume is giving me carpal tunnel, making it nearly impossible for me to go back to work (is what I think I will tell my boss). That may be remedied if I find my headphones, but how can I be sure?  Also the 3G coverage is spotty, so that Wi-Fi would be delightful if I could access it. All in all, a decent place to spend my lunch break. The food and service? Who knows. I bought a donut once, and it was stale. Once more, and it was fine. 50% ain't bad. They seem relatively nice in there too... at least until they notice me soon and chase me off their porch like a raccoon.
4	In comparison with the one on Scottsdale Rd., this has a better service. All the times I've been here, they have good service, all is in the bag. The only thing this place is missing is more room. Other than that, I enjoy to stop there once in a while.
2	nooo DD will have to improve much more! After my little doughnut tour in the west coast, a DD will never compare to a mighty or a vodoo
3	I love Dunkin Donuts, I really really do. When they finally came down here I was so excited cuz I grew up going there back east.The service at this location though, lacks.The counter people are always "deep" in conversation while taking orders, making them ssllooww. It also causes them to forget things you order and make mistakes w/ the things they give you.If youre in a rush, dont go here. If there isnt too bad of a line, do.
3	I love dropping by for a few donuts for breakfast throughout the week, and a large iced coffee.They make the iced coffee perfectly. Not too much sugar, not too much cream.Their donuts tend to be hit or miss. While I almost always go there at the same time (just after lunch), their donuts are either super fresh, or pretty old from early in the morning. It's a bit of a gamble as to whether the donuts will be soft and delicious or a bit stale.Either way, the service is fine, it's never crowded, and as far as Dunkin Donuts go, it's clean and gets the job done.
2	The people working here were rude and unhappy. Not one smile in the place! The cashier lacked any personality and it was like talking to a zombie. We waited for our coffee and another guy walked up and started making the order for the person after us. Rolled his eyes when the cashier told him we were still waiting on our coffee. Then he made our order wrong... oh the sighing and eye rolling and grunting that ensued. I asked for coffee with sugar... it's not that difficult. So then I told him to just give me the coffee and I'd put my own sugar in it. Again with the sighing and eye rolling and grunting. Besides the attitude, just a smile and some eye contact would help this place a lot. FIX YOURSELVES!!! 2 stars because the coffee and doughnuts were still yummy.
3	Not the friendliest of service but they get your order correct 90% of the time.
1	Manager Jana is totally unprofessional with the employees. She can often be found outside smoking while there is a line inside. When she does come in, she yells at the employees for not working faster. One day, a guy came to the counter and complained about his order. She not only was rude to the guy but also made homophobic comments about him to one of her employees. Highly not recommended.
2	Reading the reviews it is clear that there is serious East Coast loyalty for Dunkin Donuts - regardless of the customer service and quality at this specific location. People, please keep in mind: this is not an Edward vs Jacob decision, that is clearly important but subjective. No, we're talking about coffee and there ARE in fact metrics we can use to evaluate (and should use) to make our morning beverage decisions. Specifically, quality and customer service. 1. Quality The donuts here don't taste all that fresh, at least to me. I'll have one and then wonder why because it wasn't all that delicious. I much prefer the donuts at Krispy Kreme or Bosa Donuts to the ones at Dunkin Donuts. As for the coffee, it tastes somewhat watered down in my opinion. It's not all that strong and doesn't have much flavor. When I order my morning coffee, it would be nice to have the choice of different roasts rather than whatever generic coffee flavor was just brewed.2. Customer ServiceThis is were this DD location really misses the boat and is the reason why I will not be returning. This location is poorly designed with too little space inside to have a counter with chairs right along side the double line of people that forms in the morning. Encountering a line is one thing, but I don't appreciate feeling rushed through the line and barked at with the line, "What are you drinking?" At least at Starbucks and Dutch Bros the staff say, "Good morning," or express some pleasantries before just asking for my order. I also am disappointed that this location does not have carafes with milk. Asking how many sugars and half and half I want makes me feel like I'm giving my order to a flight attendant and then I panic thinking to myself, "What if that's not enough? What if I change my mind?" I have two hands and I'd like to decide how much cream and sugar to add to my own coffee, thank you!
4	Nice customer service with a clean environment..I like that the store crew try to make the best of it with lines to the door..I go almost every day and the bosses always have a smile on their faces make you want to come back..Also like how the bosses are always trying to keep the line moving..only bad thing i have to say to small the building ..
1	Horrible service!! I LOVE donuts, but I refuse to go to this location, which is right up the street from my office, because of the horrible service. One time I placed a bulk order in advance, the lady on the phone told me that when I go to pick it up to just wait under the sign that says "pick up" *it's a big pink donut attached to the ceiling. So that is what I did and NOBODY helped me. So I had to ask for help and tell the employee that I see my order right there and I just need to pick it up! She said that I wasn't standing in line so she didn't think I needed anything!! OMG are you kidding? I am under the sign that says "PICK UP".So I tried again to just get ONE donut at around 10am. There were three employees and two just standing at the drink station. There were NO other customers there. I stood at the register just wanting to get one donut. One of the employees asked me if I wanted a drink, I said "no". So she just kept standing at the drink station. Another employee asked if I wanted a drink, I said "no" and so he just stood at the drink station! Are these people robots!??!? I walked out without a donut and will NEVER go back to this location, no matter how badly I want a donut.SO sad.
2	As much as I love Dunkin Donuts, I realize why I won't be back to this location anytime soon. It's because this store is way too small and the workers don't smile. They look miserable behind the counter instead of happy to accomodate their customers. The store is disorganized and confusing and as I mentioned above, too small. People get confused easily as to where the line ends so they can get in to order. Don't think I'll make another appearance here.
1	Warning: HORRIBLE SERVICE DO NOT COME HERE!This location doesn't even deserve one star!I am writing this review from my horrible experience of July 21, 2014, exactly 2 days ago and I know their service hasn't changed since then.I went in to get just ONE doughnut, shouldn't be that hard to "package." I get to the register and I tell her what I want, I pay for it, then she grabs the doughnut with the same hands she grabbed my cash from, EWW! She didn't even cover her hands with the wrapper they use, or carefully place it into the little baggy, she basically tossed it in there carelessly.Once I'm done paying for my doughnut and felt utter disgust, my sister was the next in line. Then this "SHIFT LEADER" calls "I can help you m'am" ... obviously my sister is next so she walks up to her. Once she walks up to her, she rolls her eyes! Yes, the "SHIFT LEADER" rolls her eyes at her because she walked up to her and not the lady behind my sister. I didn't know that's how lines worked? Next issue I had with this DD was that the lady gives my sister her total, as I'm standing next to her she says $7.01, which she read wrong. My sister then says "oh, you mean $1.07?" then the "SHIFT LEADER" AGAIN rolls her eyes at her and says "yea!!" Come on! Really? You're a "SHIFT LEADER" and need to act like this to your customers? Extremely unnecessary!!I know this is just a doughnut shop and shouldn't expect top service, but customer service is needed for any business to succeed.
1	Don't waste your time. This location is usually out of all but the most basic items. The last two times I have gone there (most recent, yesterday morning), I was told "all we have is what you see... we are out of the rest". This meant there were maybe 2 - 3 dozen donuts left on the shelf, and those were the ones that no one likes anyway. They did offer to "heat up" some more, but they didn't have a variety of the ones that could be "heated up", and they said it would take 30 - 45 minutes to "heat up" the other ones.Besides the really bad selection during what should be their busiest times, the workers were dripping with apathy and seemed that they were bothered by having customers in the store.Additionally, the entrance and line areas make it almost impossible for more than a few people at a time to be in the store; it's really cramped.Both times, I left without purchasing. I won't be back. There are many locations within a couple miles' drive, so when I need my Donut fix, I'll make the journey elsewhere.
5	We do not have a Dunkin Donuts in CA yet so I am excited to finally try!I am not starving so I got a bagel with light butter. Wow their donuts look amazing,  yummy!Their bagel was delicious! !
5	They finally opened a DD in Cali but I refuse to drive to Santa Monica and wait in a long line to try the coffee. Was excited to get a cup this morning. I got a dark roast coffee and it hit the spot! I'll most likely be back before I leave town Sunday. I noticed the low star count here, you AZ people need to lighten up on your 1 star post. Andrea R. and Jeff G. pretty much created a yelp to be negative...
