5	I had a 60 minute aromatherapy massage and it was phenomenal. The therapist was so caring and asked specifically what areas are your most tensed. She combines western and Eastern medicine techniques and also performs reflexology on your feet. As a nurse, being on my feet all day and lifting and moving patients, it really takes a toll on your body and she hit every. single. spot. Hurt so good!
1	I got a groupon for a couples massage at sha ba. They canceled on me 3 times. Every time they told me that their therapist was ill. I gave up on trying to use the groupon!!! What a rip off! DO NOT BUY THEIR GROUPON!!!!!
1	Please do not buy a Groupon for a massage to this spa - my boyfriend and I are currently seeing what we can do to get our money back. After buying a Groupon for a couples massage, they have canceled our appointment at the last minute twice now. They first called to cancel our appointment the night before, at 8 pm, because "they're moving locations and decided to move tomorrow". When my boyfriend called to reschedule it turns out that they were evicted from their current location.The massage therapist gave my boyfriend her personal number and asked that we text her to reschedule. Albeit very unprofessional, we did, and the next available appointment was a month later. We confirmed that appointment and low and behold, similar to other Yelp reviews, they called to cancel again a few days before the appointment, because "there isn't a massage therapist available to give a couples massage that night". We spent $90 on a Groupon gift that I will now be unable to use because I am moving out of state later this week. It would have been great to receive a relaxing couples massage with my boyfriend during the week of a crazy move, as well as my boyfriend's birthday, but instead we are busy contacting Groupon and the Better Business Bureau. Take your money to another wellness spa where you will be treated with more respect and your time and money will be honored and respected as well.
