4	It's a restaurant in the academic sense: they serve food, you pay for it, you must have shoes and shirt, but it's just different.  It's set up in the campus YMCA building and is rather casual.  It's a place to grab a good, inexpensive Thai lunch between classes, but it's a destination for former students and Champaign-Urbana residents.
4	My first introduction to Pad Thai as a student and i'm still craving it 17 years later.  It's by far the best i've ever had...and it's not just the food, it's the atmosphere.  You can not help but feel the history of an old university when you eat in the wood panelled rooms at the YMCA building on campus where it is tucked away.  It's super cheap too!
4	Clearly I'm not the only one who learned about Thai from the Y.  Now that I've had a lot more Thai food, I still fondly recall the pad thai from the Y.  Great food, wonderful prices, and always fresh.  It was so good, so close to home, and so worth the wait in line.
4	You know how sometimes, you are fond of something in your youth, and then you grow up and move away and experience other versions of that thing, and then you return and you wonder why you ever liked the thing you loved in your youth in the first place? This isn't like that. This was the first place to serve Thai food in Champaign-Urbana. The minute they opened, the quality of life there went up about 300%. This is a great little lunch spot. I don't know how many hundreds of times I've met a friend at "Y Thai" for lunch. It is a sentimental favorite. Even after moving away and not coming in for months on end, I can still count on being greeted with "Hi! How's your mom? Where've you been?" The Pad Thai is really good. And cheap! Sometimes I order other things, and they are sometimes good, but I always wonder what I was thinking and go back to the Pad Thai.
3	Small Thai eatery hidden inside the University YMCA. I never would have guessed it was there, had my colleagues not taken me there for lunch once. It's really nothing fancy: you get to pick between three or four dishes (pad thai, curry and a couple others), you pay your 5 bucks and that's it. But: the food is tasty and filling, and the service is friendly. So it seems to draw the crowds, and there was a line the time I went. I'll be back for sure.
4	Great Thai food, and a small, immature side of me can't help but laugh every time recommended to someone to "eat at the Y."One day I'll grow up.  =)
4	Ok, so they only have one main dish that people get, the shrimp tofu pad thai.  And yes, pad thai is probably the most played out of all Thai foods.  Most people couldn't name a Thai dish past this common one.But damn, is it good from the Y.  Really good.The pricing isn't too bad, and service is swift.  Location is also prime, right next to the quad.  Also, if you pick the right day, the Y sometimes has interesting lectures going on where if you go, there's a deal on the food.Disclaimer:  I heart the University YMCA
2	The service is friendly, and the staff are very cool, but come on people.  It's cheap because it's gross.  I really respect the Y and what it does, but I loathe the food.  I tried it multiple times to see if it was a fluke, but it was hideous.  The stuff s obviously microwaved and low-quality.  And just...ICK.  HORRIBLE.I'm going to call it the Y Bother?
3	Okay, I'm mean to the Y Eatery.  And they really are nice people.  The food is subpar, but after four hours of classes once a week, I find I need an emergency carb infusion.Mediocre Thai food helps.  And I feel kinda like I'm helping the Y.And they only take cash, but if you can't pay that day, they'll let you pay the next day, most friendly thing ever, Y.  I just wish the food were higher quality.
5	Best pad thai ever... ever.Y Eatery is cheap, close to campus and the rest of their stuff isn't bad horrible either (although I've only had veggie stuff).  Cash only isn't an inconvenience I will go way out of my way to make sure I have cash for Y Eatery. Plus on days where the Y has a talk it is only 3$ for students!!!!
4	This is a great place to get pad thai on/near campus.  It is also one of the cheapest.  One of my labmates recommended the shrimp and turkey pad thai, and that's pretty much all I get there.  And I can't say I've ever been disappointed.The shrimp are usually nicely cooked and you get a fair amount for the low price.  The noodles are oily and delicious and it's always enough to fill me up.  Some days it is a little more spicy than others.  The egg rolls are also cheap and not bad, but the shrimp and turkey pad thai is where it's at.  There's only one or two other thai places I know of within walking distance from campus (at least, for my lunch break) and they are much more expensive, and I don't think the food is any better.Basically, the Y eatery gives you tasty, cheap, fast pad thai with few frills.  Absolutely perfect for when you are having a lousy day and need a food pick me-up, or after teaching a bunch of discussions.. and it really is one of the cheapest places anywhere near campus.
5	This hidden away small eatery has the best Thai food in town. The prices are reasonable and there must be some addictive enzyme they add to the food because I can't seem to get enough of it. My favorite dish is the turkey/shrimp pad Thai. Unfortunately it has ruined my eating pad Thai anywhere else since this is the best.
5	I was suffering through some pretty mediocre pad Thai the other day, and began to reminisce about better incarnations of said dish that I've had in the past. I came to the conclusion that, even though I haven't been there in eight years, the Y Eatery is definitely my go-to example of Pad Thai amazingness. Somehow they strike the perfect balance of everything - it's not greasy, but the noodles aren't dry either. It's spicy enough to be flavorful, but not overwhelming, and the tofu is good quality. It's super cheap, too! Seriously, if had a private jet and a staff to do my bidding, there's a fair chance that I'd send them on a Y-Thai run now and then. If you are in Champaign, go to the Y Eatery! I'm very jealous.
4	So this place is interesting in that it has not stayed static, is only open during the academic term, and has the ambience of, well, the Y. I've eaten here a bunch of times since I work nearby, and have always enjoyed the food.At the beginning of 2014 a new group of folks began running Thai at the Y. Low and behold, it's even better. I'm floored at the graciousness of the gentleman running the place and the food is even better than last semester. Happily, there is a new Chinese portion of their menu. The food is fresh and good. I've enjoyed the crab Rangoon, the chicken fried rice, the General Tso's Chicken, the pad Thai. Note that the pad Thai is a whole lot spicier than it was in December 2013. Even still, I think it is better. It's worth your time to stop.
4	This is a strange but very appropriate place for a college campus. There are many eateries to enjoy the  "notaburger" here at UIUC. A short walk from the Quad and the Y-Thai fulfills that yummy request. Daily specials look great. The humbleness of it all puts the emphasis on the food which is great. I enjoyed my shrimp pad Thai and the quiet resolution one gets from sitting in a cafeteria like setting where everyone around you is enjoying the same feeling: good food for a good price.
4	I like this place, the people serving there are so smiley and sweet.  Kind of like the Asian grandparents/uncles/aunts that I never had (I'm not Asian, go figure). The pad thai is solid, and it's very cheap. I've never tried anything else, but I will assume it's like the pad thai. Come hungry cause they give you a lot of food.
4	"Yay! I'm a fan." In the interest of a sincere and reliable review, let me preface this by saying that this is NOT phenomenal Thai food. You'll have to get off campus (and out of this town, probably) for that. It is cafeteria-style with basic dishes like pad thai, curry, and basil chicken. I think it's good for what the style and resources of this place imply. The food itself is not a compelling reason to come here.What is a compelling reason is how close it is to the quad. I have a schedule that can keep me near Armory and Wright until 8 or 9pm, so it's difficult to find a place I can dash in and out of and that serves decent food. Many lunches have been spent inhaling my sad, but delicious, meal bars. Queue Y Eatery. Y Eatery is a godsend (heh...). It's right next to my classes, it's fast, the portions are enough to keep you eating for lunch AND dinner, and the owners are just clearly top-notch people.So many times I have never noticed this place because it's inside the YMCA. It's kind of a weird place to be located, but oh-so-convenient. The owners said that they had a large sign once but it was stolen soon after it was put up. They wanted to know how I had found them since they're so hidden, and they were really glad to see that word had gotten out.Something that really affected my experience here, and I want to be clear about this being a factor in my review, was how wonderful the owners are. They are welcoming, funny, and they take care of you. I have never had a dining experience like this. Ever. A point of clarification: One of the old reviews said that it's cash only, but it's currently not.
