4	Seriously delightful experience. One of the disadvantages of living in an apartment building it's near impossible for me to get my packages left outside the building. So once I make an online purchase and if the carrier is Fedex,  I have it sent to the Penn Ave. location and best yet there is no additional charge for changing the shipping address to the Fed Ex store.  This kind of service can run you $5.00 dollars for UPS.  Anyway the shopkeep as I like to call him is charming and so hilarious. He cracks jokes with you while you wait for him to locate your package. I appreciate a good sense of humor. That seems to be lacking in a lot of other retail locations... He keeps your package safe and I've never had any mishaps with sending my missed packages to this Fedex. Keep up the good work!
4	I have to say that I've only been here once, but the experience (which I was dreading) of sending a laptop to my brother in St. Louis was actually quite easy and even  pleasant. I called beforehand to let them know my situation and they told me to bring it right over and they would handle everything.... and they did. The woman was very courteous and helpful, and I wildly overestimated what the package would cost to send - so maybe this is such a happy review because my bank account was still full after leaving :) I'll make sure to stop in there again if I ever require their services again!
3	Went to the FedEx Kinko's earlier this week for business cards. Talked with an enthusiastic clerk by the name of Delton. He answered my questions, gave me instructions and a bid order. All seemed in line.I called in the next day to follow up since no one had responded to my email.  Was told it went into spam but they could still get my order completed in the time I needed. Was then told the actual cost was more than I was quoted since I didn't use their design center at the store (I had asked about that when I talked with Delton) All in all, I got what I needed on time and within the budget I had. It was just a bit of a struggle getting there.
