5	The selection is about par for an Auto Zone.The service is amazing.
2	Hmmmm...I came to Auto Zone for something to protect my tires from the elements.  You know, cracks and deterioration due to the excessive heat.  You see, I had to get another tire put on my car because of this reason.  The guy who ordered my tire said to go to Auto Zone and see what they have there.  So I went.  And, here is the reason I only give it 2 stars:- I get to Auto Zone and park.  It's on the N.E. corner of D.I. and Nellis.  And, it seems to be a busy driveway as there were cars backed up trying to get to either Taco Bell or make a short cut so they don't have to sit at the light.  But, that doesn't bother me that much.- I enter the store and I don't get a hello or even a nod to acknowledge my presence.  But, they were kind of busy so ... whatever.- I look for something to dress up my tires so I don't have to buy them every other year.  *Side note: I know absolutely nothing about cars and I stress over them to no end.  I mean I can change a tire, check the fluids and add to them if need be.  So, when something goes wrong or I am confused about what I should do, I can turn into a real mess. - I get what I think is what I need.. but I asked the sales clerk if this is the product that will protect my tires from the elements.  And, he said, "What does the bottle say?"  And, with a condescending attitude he said, "Well, there's your answer".  I was just looking for confirmation but I got attitude instead.  I don't know, it bothers me that he got the best of me.  I laughed it up even though I was a fuming inside.
1	Horrible experiences with the staff keeps me from rating this store any better. They carry what you would expect any auto store to have. The staff, however, needs a reality check. Anyone with basic vehicle knowledge can be hired at Auto Zone. Two of their employees, a clerk and a manager, seems to think that they know better than an actual trained mechanic who owns his own shop with an awesome reputation. My mechanic even called to explain to the manager that they sold a faulty merchandise but the manager blatantly refused to speak with him. She went on to explain to my boyfriend and I how their $100 dollar system is very accurate and that our mechanic is wrong. She even tried to have us seek a second opinion. In the end, she ended up honoring their warranty with an extremely arrogant attitude. As anyone can guess, our mechanic was correct and the problem was fixed. The staff here seems to have forgotten how to be courteous to customers.
