5	The Plaza is a great site for art and culinary festivals obviously.  The library is here, Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, etc.  There are some great restaurants, too.  But the park itself is just gorgeous.If you have never been to the Plaza when there is no big event going on, that is the time to go.  The park is beautiful.  There are so many fountains and gardens to meander around.  It is beautiful.  You almost forget it's a hundred freakin' fifty degrees in August.Visit at night, too, after a nice dinner downtown.  We did that on Saturday evening, and it was virtually deserted.  Such a nice place to sit and remember the nice things about living in the Valley--January with no jacket required!
5	The Beautiful Carin and I accompanied the adorable DeeDee Anne to the park this morning, and what a nice day in the park!We really do love this place and there isn't a week goes by that I don't get over here!Sometimes to take Deedee for a stroll (just to be clear...I always make sure that I pick up after her...we are very conscientious about our "leave behinds"), sometimes it's for one of the many events in the park (Culinary festival next week...oh the eating and eating...ahhhh), sometimes to go to the library or SMOCA or the performing arts center (under reconstruction right now, but a really nice venue and I'm sure even better when they finish remodeling), or one of the great little spots that adjoin the park (AZ88, Orange Table, etc.). How's that for a world class run on sentence?There is always something interesting and pleasant going on in the park and this morning was typical...a couple of photo shoots in progress, young couples with their kids enjoying the morning, lots of people with their dogs, a couple of musicians (one guitar and one flute...different ends of the park, so that was good).The ponds are delightful, with ducks and swans (and the big lake has been cleaned so it doesn't smell...nice touch!).This place is really a serene oasis, and Scottsdale's "front lawn (BTW, McCormick-Stillman is the "back yard", you know, the one down the block owned by the guy who has the train set in the garden).Scottsdale really does a great job keeping this park up, and it's a great place to relax and recharge.
5	Aw, I love Civic Center. It's a great place bordered by great things!The library, SMOCA, Old Town, and an array of nice restaurants, including a fantastic sushi restaurant. The park is beautiful. The "LOVE" statue perfects it. Oh, and the more recent addition of the "eye tests" (you'll know what I'm talking about if you see them) surrounding the fountains are interesting. The numerous sculptures and water features work together with the green grass and shady spots make Civic Center a marvel.
5	Scottsdale Civic Center is the secret garden of Old Town. Those who know about this little gem love it and those who don't, should be introduced immediately! Civic Center is home to several adorable restaurants like AZ 88 and Orange Table, bars like the Blue Moose and Old Town Tavern, the public library, museum of modern art, performing arts center, art sculptures and several ponds and fountains full of ducks. When the weather outside's delightful, the events are anything but frightful. Art fairs, cultural performances and every other type of festival calls the civic center home and in the springtime the Culinary Festival sets up shop here. It's a great area to visit if you want to go on a walk, run, have lunch, enjoy the nice weather and take in the Scottsdale culture-- and yes, Scottsdale has culture! It's pretty easy to miss the Civic Center. Little do spring training goers know that there is a great outdoor area just next door to the Giants' Stadium. It's always incredibly clean, safe and there's room for plenty of visitors. Anytime I used to go running through Old Town, I'd be sure to start by running through the Civic Center. It's one of my favorite parts of Old Town. On any given nice-weather weekend, I know that something cultural and entertaining is going on at the Civic Center. The famous LOVE sculpture has been on display and it's an incredibly artsy area. So that's about it for now! I love the Civic Center and anyone who visits Old Town should take a stroll next time they are around!
5	The funny thing about Civic Center plaza is you don't realize how cool it is until you go there on a day where there is no festival, or event being held!  There are unique art sculptures in the park and tons of little coves that are tucked away, where you can go to read a book... or make out! The plaza also connects you to some fantastic bars, restaurants, the library, a historical museum, SMoCA, and the performing arts center. If you go there on any weekend during the spring, you are bound to find some live music, and local art displayed in the park.
5	Best possible location for the Scottsdale Culinary Festival!  My wife and I go every year!
5	I was here Friday night for an outdoors concert.  Jesse Cook was playing and the weather, sound and seating on the sloped hill were perfect.  This is a great place to attend and event (like the Scottsdale Culinary Festival!) or just walk around and enjoy the lawns, flowers and water features.
5	The sanctuary of old town Scottsdale... water to listen to, grass to play on, trees to climb, and dog poop bags for your best friend. What more could you desire?
5	The plaza itself is good, the things to do surrounding it are great... AZ88, Blue Moose, Orange Table, Los Olivos, Old Town Tavern, Distrito at The Saguaro, Scottsdale History Museum (more of a shack), Art Galleries, The Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, and the town Library... The plaza also hosts dozens of outdoor festivals and musical performances. It's very pretty with lots of flowers, fountains, sculptures and benches. A great place to wonder around aimlessly...
5	Beautiful setting with gardens and fountains. The library, arts center, and lots of food places on the area. I also love the Native American Trails series they're doing here Thursdays and Saturdays for the next month or two.
5	Cool park! Plenty of parking, gorgeous grounds, and lot's of green space. Everything was clean and well-kept, which can't be said about all parks. I enjoyed all the flowers and shade offered from the trees. I took my dog here for a walk and we had fun playing fetch on the open grass area. The LOVE also provided a great photo op:)
5	I made my way to the area for breakfast at Orange Table and afterward happened upon this little gym.  The weather was beautiful, flowers were abloom, there were various statues, including the Robert Indiana LOVE statue. A great walking path.  Benches.  And it leads right into Old Town.  If I lived in the area I feel like this would be a nice, quiet, beautiful place to visit often and write or photograph or just enjoy.  Highly recommended!  I went on a Thursday, had no trouble finding a nearby parking space.  Plus it's FREE to enjoy the beauty.
5	A veritable desert oasis!I've skirted around here on several occasions. Once I stayed in the Saguaro Hotel for a few nights which backs up into the plaza, and I've eaten at several of the restaurants that spill out onto the green grass and sidewalk promenade. But recently I had a chance to walk around a little more and explore more of what the plaza has to offer.I was one of many (and by many, I mean MAAAAAANY) groups on a weekend afternoon who was here to have some photos taken. If you decide to get some family shots done here, know that it appears that you are not the only one to have that idea. There are dozens and dozens of photographers roaming here--from those with a simple camera to those with a much more complex setup with lights and light umbrellas and all kinds of gear. There will probably be a line for that one special shot you were hoping to get. All said, though, the photographers seem to be civil and kind so you just have to be patient.So what's to see here? You've got the restaurants, the hotel, the library, the performing arts center, the museum of contemporary art, outdoor public art sculptures, ponds, grassy hills, fountains, ducks, and a general sense of community. It's well taken care of, nicely manicured, and all around lovely. There are nooks and crannies, statues, and all kinds of little places to be explored. There are free parking garages nearby and when the weather is nice (my last wandering was a beautiful October day) you can't beat an afternoon here. I'm guessing there are crowds sometimes, and I've seen others mention events going on. As an out-of-towner I don't really have a sense of that. But every time I've been (never in the heat of summer, admittedly) it's been perfect.
5	Peaceful. Close to a lot after unwinding. There is also a variety of events. The modest size means small crowds except during festivals and events. Nice to something remain the same instead of "improvements".
