5	I'm a Chinese food lover!!! Kam Shing is my first and only love. She first first embraced me with her love when I had the delicious chicken fried rice, general tao chicken (spicy and regular), beef with vegy chow meing, shrimp toast, peanut butter dumplings, shrimp wong tong soup and much more. Over the past 15 years I've been loyal to her and she has been loyal to me. I have the perfect Chinese gastronomical relationship with her and i feel the obligation to share this love with all my fellow yelpers. Enjoy!!!
4	One of the only things that I miss about my hometown is the Peking hot soup at Kam Shing (aka hot and sour soup). I haven't found any place in either Montreal or NY that matches the taste. I've been eating here since it was at the original location across the street when I was a kid, and every order included that soup! It comes in huge containers for take-out but I graduated to my own one as an adult and eat it as a meal. Seriously, this soup has a unique sourness and consistency that makes it addictive. I miss it so much, I wish my family could fed-ex it to me.Other items I love: spring rolls, general tao chicken (doesn't taste like any other tao either), sweet n sour fish filet, and 2 kinds of mushrooms with snow-peas. I miss you Kam Shing!
3	I'm a vegetarian now and have been going to kam Shing since before I went veggie.I found the quality of their meat poor quality back then. My friends that still go there attest to the average quality of the meat even today. The general Tao chicken for example is still just fatty chicken in batter spiced up - not great at all.But they have a KILLER fab hot and sour soup. Best in the city in my opinion.They also have really fresh vegetables that I often get mixed with noodles in a black bean sauce. So yes, it's worth it to come here for the fab soup and veggie dishes that they can make.
4	You can't go wrong with good Chinese food so one night while really craving some I decided to come here for take out.I agree with the other posters that they make a good hot and sour soup.  It isn't really on the spicy side but they have the sour part nailed down which a lot of places don't seem to get.  They also don't skimp on ingredients which is another plus.  Also the peanut butter dumplings were another personal favourite.  You could really taste the shrimp in the dumplings and the peanut sauce was delicious!  I wasn't a fan of the noodles stir fried with vegetables.  I found the texture of the noodles a little off.  They were too chewy  in my opinion and the vegetables were kind of bland.  Some salt to liven things up would have been good.  The beef and snow peas though was pretty good.You should definitely check this place out if you're in the area.  They don't deliver so you have to pick up.  The restaurant itself was busy but not so busy that if you didn't have a reservation you wouldn't get a seat.
5	My family are life time clients of the restaurants I have spent 30 of my 32 birthdays at that restaurant their food is amazing fresh there staff are always kind and polite shout out to Billy and Mr.MA I highly recommend both restaurants to anyone that is looking for quality food a celebration feel at home restaurant as dishes the Sweet and sour soup is heaven the duck the chow mein and beef and Chinese broccoli.
