4	i wish we had sonic in hawaii! i love this place! and this place is in my boyfriends sisters backyard of her old house! we always have to stop here everyday of our vacation in arizona! even if its "cold". cold to me because its always 80 degrees in hawaii! but the slush's are sooo cheap and gooood. Ooh i must stop talking because i'm having withdrawls. :(
1	Disappointing. We ordered two American dogs, a foot long coney dog and a regular NY dog. We asked to substitute the chili for onions and sour kraut on a foot long Coney dog. They said no. Really? I was quite surprised and a bit disappointed. When we paid there was a bit of attitude. No sorry we could substitute, no thanks for you business. To top it off the food was boring. Next time I will go to a hotdog cart.  I will not be back.
1	Been to many Sonic restaurants before, so I knew what I wanted before I was even at the call button . . . 2 chicago dogs / large onion ring / medium limeade.Boy what a disappointment . . . the hot dog buns were so soggy that on the first bite, everything fell out and left me a relish and mustard mess . . . the rings weren't any better, soggy and the onion still tasted raw . . . well at least there was the limeade . . . where's the lime, tasted like sprite.Will definitely not be back to this Sonic . . .
2	Alrighty Sonic..... I have given you a few chances, because all of the other Sonics I go to I am pretty happy with. When its lunch time and I want something quick and easy you are usually one of my choices! This Sonic happens to be not too far from my work and home, but I will no longer be visiting..... I will drive out of my way to spend my money somewhere else. Not only have I gone here 3 times and been un happy with the food, the service...... is beyond ridiculous. Most Sonics are employed with younger high school kids...... lets get them to get their acts together specifically at this location. Each of my visits has ended with awful customer service, or just plain bad food. This last visit was the last straw for me! Throwing food out through the drive though window is unprofessional and rude, being rude and a smart patooty (yes I just said patooty) is also not appreciated and frankly absurd since your job at the drive through is customer service!!! These kids should be happy to have a job at all in this economy. After experiencing that I get to work to eat my food and..... YUCK is all I can say! The foot long chili cheese coney I received was inedible, I attached a wonderful picture of me picking through the hot dog as for the whole thing looked like this.... decide for yourself if you would eat it.Needless to say I am pretty hangry and cant wait to get off work and enjoy fast food from any where else but Sonic.
2	This sonic is pretty bad when it comes to customer service. The window helper sounded like this was the last place she wanted to be and looked it as soon as I got to the window. I'm not expecting perky and perfect but friendly and alive would have done just find.
4	I love their limeade.   Old school drive in.   Some time you are waited on by teens in skates.  50s style.  The Chicago dog is awesome and very affordable.  Yum.
1	Well tonight I gave sonic another chance and it took over 10 minutes  to get our order and out of that line. To find out that they messed up the order and I don't get an apology instead I get irritated teenage girl. Not sure I'll be visiting anytime soon. The great thing is I'll be a lot healthier if I stay away from this fast food joint. And a lot happier without the attitude.
2	The food is great but but not worth the incredibly slow service. The drive they takes forever.
1	I don't know why I continue to punish myself by coming here.  They have been consistently slow here for at least 8 months.  Save yourself time and head to the grocery store and buy the ingredients for whatever you planned on ordering and go home and cook it.  It will be faster and probably not be incorrect.
1	I have had so many problems at this specific Sonic. All I got was a vanilla coke, and when I drove home I learned it was Dr. Pepper. I went back and when I did they gave me major attitude, and made it seem as if it was my fault. When I tried my drink for the second time, it was Dr. Pepper again.  I refuse to go back.
1	Horrible customer service. The past 3 or more times I have been there has been nothing but disappointment. Honestly it should be zero star rating. One of the times I was there, I sat and waited for my order to be taken for more than 7 minutes, when there was only one car in front of me. And while I was waiting during that time, 4, yes 4, employees walked over from the near by walgreens having a jolly good time apparently. I ended up driving off and not ordering because they would not take my order! The most recent time, I went to get a lemon berry slush. When at the window, I saw a girl put in a couple strawberries, put on the lid and shake it twice. As soon as it was handed to me I looked at it and immediately asked for it to be stirred up more because obviously from the complete white showing through the lid, it had not been mixed at all. The girl looked at me like I was crazy, closed the window, handed it to someone else, and then 3 employees proceeded to giggle and trade glances at me. They handed it back after a few seconds and big shock it looked the same. It's called a slush, not sugar water with strawberries on the side. Again. Horrible service. Normally sonic is one of my favorite places to go, but sadly I will not ever be returning to this location or maybe any sonic location again. And it's not just me, every person I know that has gone there has had similar experiences.
4	I like this location because they always get my order right and if I park and order they are usually really quick. The drive-through tends to take a little bit longer so I always just park instead. I try to come during their happy hour between 2-4 to get half price drinks. I always order a cherry limeade with easy ice. Most places will throw a ton of ice in even if you ask for easy ice but this place doesn't!
1	Do Not Eat Here! The service is terrible. The food is cold, smashed in a bag and pretty much thrown at you. When you get home the order is wrong. I never did this before but because my experience was so bad I contacted Sonic on their website and submitted a complaint. What I got was a half baked "we're sorry". I had called the store manager and he stated that same. Whatever happened to, sorry, can we offer to refund your money and here's your next lunch on us. We really appreciate your business. NOPE......not Sonic. They took my money, and instead of a double cheese burger with bacon, side of fries and a coke; I received a plain dried chicken cutlet on cold dry toast, with tots and an ice tea. They did say they're sorry and want my business. No thanks.
1	So as you can tell from all the other reviews, this sonic is utterly terrible! They are the worst fast food customer service in town.  Tonight we waited almost 20minutes for 2 small blasts and 1 small burger.  First, the drive-thru was empty when we parked. by the time our order finally was brought up to our car, several cars had come and gone through.   Since they took forever with no reason, My girlfriend and I asked to talk to the manager, and after waiting a few more minutes he just gave us an excuse that they were training 6 new people.....on a Saturday night????  I don't think this guy even said sorry.   So we're done with this location.  I'd rather go to ANYwhere else.  I'd rather go to the sonic on Gilbert rd (maybe 10miles away).   Avoid this sonic after 8 too, the lines get HUGE.  We showed up at 730, and it was nearly 8 by the time we left.  The parking lot was still pretty empty, and they don't care....
1	I know all fast food workers don't use gloves, but this confuses me. I was sitting in the drive thru (my daughter wanted a shake I hate this location) and I'm watching a young man peel a banana with his hands the break it into pieces with his hands, put it into a cup, the wipe his hands off onto his black apron. Kinda gross. Is his apron clean??
1	We stopped by this location around 9:25 pm, for a light meal. We ordered one sandwich, an order or fries, popcorn chicken, and ice cream. We sat talking in the car for awhile, and around 9:40 we realized it had been quite a long time. No one came to talk to us or even to take our money until 10 pm. That's right, it took over half an hour for four items. When we received our food, it was cold and the fries were half full. I asked the server to at least bring us some hot food as we had been waiting almost 40 minutes. All she offered was an apology and my ice cream (with no spoon) while she ran back for hot food. I expected at least more acknowledgment of our inconvenience, something. This was the most ridiculous service I've ever had, and having worked fast food for 8 years I feel that I am very understanding about mishaps and service problems. I will never return here.
1	Terrible. I really should have learned my lesson after the first time, so maybe I'm really to blame. Every damn time they mess up my order. Pretty sure they straight give me someone else's food. The fries ALWAYS taste like they were cooked yesterday, stale and cold. I've found more edible fries under the seat of my car. What a waste. It shouldn't be this difficult to get a quick burger.
1	Don't waste your time. I don't even eat there anymore due to the cold scrappy food, long wait times, and messed up orders.... It's happened every time I've ate their... So I've completely stopped eating Sonics food... I'd rather go somewhere else and spend my hard earned money, where I will get good food and  service....
1	This location is the absolute worst! So slow, one time I was literally stuck in the drive thru for FORTY-FIVE MINUTES (sadly, I am not exaggerating even a little bit), trying to get my kids slushies in the summer! By the time I got them, they were just liquid! And I don't think they have ever gotten my order correct. A couple months ago, I went and ordered 3 plain dogs, with sauerkraut on the side (if you get it ON the dog, your whole bun is soaked). I get home, all three dogs had sauerkraut put on, then scraped off! There were bits of it all over the dog and the buns were soggy from the liquid. Wonderful, especially since two of the dogs were for my kids, who HATE sauerkraut.For some odd reason, I decided to go again today. Ordered the same and the guy confirmed it was plain dogs... Get home to hot dogs slathered in relish, onions, ketchup and mustard. Really? How hard is it to give me a plain hot dog???? Aside from that, the dog was so overcooked, it tasted like vienna sausage jerky. So disgusting! The one star is earned by the manager, because he quickly refunded my money when I called in today. I do appreciate that. I've learned my lesson, though, and will never return to this location, or any Sonic, actually.
