4	I have yet to step foot inside of Lulu's but I have tasted their cupcakes and they are delicious. I am a fan of cake and cupcakes, but I am not a fan of the store bought product that is so overly sweet I feel like I might develop diabetes after one bite.  So my brother picked some Lulu's cakes up for me as I had mentioned reading about the new bakery  in the new Phoenix Metropolitan magazine.  The cupcakes they serve are all natural, but this does not mean they are not sweet, fluffy, and full of flavor.  I tried the "Bunny Boo" which is a carrot cake cupcake covered in cream cheese butter cream icing.  It even had a tiny sliver of carrot and I believe a sprig of parsley on the top to mimic a real carrot.  The cake was flavorful with nice pieces of walnut and the icing was light and fluffy and there was a generous amount of it.  I have a chocolate cupcake with vanilla butter cream icing sprinkled with coconut that I will be having at lunch and I cannot wait. I am also a sucker for packaging and my 4 cupcakes came in a pretty pink box with a brown ribbon around it.  The price is a little high for a single cupcake ($2.95) but sometimes you have to splurge to get a quality item.  If you buy four it is $10.00.They are only open 8:30am - 5:30pm, so plan your visit accordingly.
3	I saw some of the previous reviews saying it was great - 100% natural cupcake, etc.  So I went there to try it.I guess I can see how some people would like it, but I sure didn't care for it.  I could totally taste some sort of vegetable oil in the cupcake, and the frosting tasted of shortening.A little while later and I started feeling a bit funny.  A sure sign something processed was added to the cakes.Rather wish I had just made the cupcakes myself.
3	I agree with Mike G., as we shared cupcakes there.  I thought this sounded like a great place for cupcakes based on the reviews.  However, I'm into real food, not fake tastes.  These are definitely better cupcakes than your store-bought mix and frosting.  However, I am not into vegetable oil in cake batter and frosting.  To their credit, the cupcakes weren't disgustingly sweet to my tastes.  The carrot cupcake I tried had some good flavors, as did the German chocolate one.  I wasn't a fan of the fluffy, air-whipped frosting on the carrot cupcake and thought it lacked real cream cheese flavor.  I make some pretty good cupcakes at home, and I use good-quality butter and other ingredients.  While Lulu's cake texture is decent, and the flavors are almost there, some of the tastes are less than authentic to my sensitive palate.  I'll stick to making my own.The store offers some chairs for sitting.  It's an OK place to hang out and read for a bit, if you don't mind the surrounding strip-mall ambience.  However, I didn't notice an especially worthwhile selection of beverages.  I had a hot peppermint "tea," and I saw some insulated coffee carafes behind the counter.  I am picky about coffee, though (beans, roasting, & how it's prepared), and I can't imagine that their coffee quality would be very good.  The focus is on cupcakes, not drinks - I get it - but what a shame, since tables and chairs are provided.  Still, I just don't understand taking shortcuts with the main product.Other than the flavor, the cupcakes are lovely, and the place is decorated adorably.  There are some cute toys for sale, but  I don't go to cupcake stores or bakeries for toys.
4	This week for my cupcake fix I decided to go to Lulu's.  Its a bit of a trek from where I live,  and I can't say it was all that worth it.  If I was in the area (not sure why I would be...) I may stop in but it wasn't that convenient.The cupcake that I had was very good (carrot cake), much better than at Cupcakes last week.  The frosting was very good and the cake itself was bursting with flavor and very moist.  However, I was dismayed to see the size of the cupcake...they are no bigger than the kind you can make yourself.  I'm used to specialty cupcakes being a little larger.  They don't offer a peanut butter option which is upsetting to me....it just seems like such a natural pairing even if its just chocolate cake and pb frosting.
4	I don't eat cupcakes that often, but I recently had a 'bunny boo' (carrot cake cupcake with butter cream frosting) from Lulu's, and I really enjoyed it.  The cupcake was the perfect size... I didn't feel that guilty after eating it!  Danielle and Rob, the owners are really friendly and sweet...The location is not the best, but it's worth a trip - especially for a Lulu's Dozen to bring to a party.  (It comes with 16 cupcakes).  I brought these to a birthday party I had for my boyfriend and they were a huge hit!  They deliver too if it's not convenient for you to pick them up.****You can buy a $50 gift card at 1/2 price this Friday at 10am on kez999.com as they are the Beth & Bill's Big Deal of the week... great way to check them out for cheap!
2	Don't let the vinyl banner sign in the abandoned-looking strip mall fool you.  Lulu's Cupcakes is one hip, modern bakery.  The cupcakery is much larger than it looks from the outside, with a long, L-shaped counter at the far end.  Lulu's menu is suspended above the counter, describing the flavors of the cupcakes perched on covered glass cake trays below.  Next to the entrance is a high counter with a handful of bar stools, and a couple of small two-person tables are lined against one of the longer walls.  Modern lighting fixtures hang from the ceiling above all of the seating areas.  The other long wall houses a display case full of all sorts of baking-related accessories and knick-knacks, as well as some totally random stuff.  A pair of large armchairs and a coffee table are located in the center of the store.  In general, the space in Lulu's seems largely empty and underutilized.  I'm guessing they're still pretty new.My selection at Lulu's included the Tantrum Tamer (vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream) and the Bunny Boo (carrot cake with cream cheese buttercream).Tantrum Tamer:  The vanilla cake was extremely dry and had a sharp, alcoholic flavor.  The flavor had the metallic tang that usually accompanies the use of too much vanilla extract, except that I didn't really taste any vanilla -- just alcohol.  Eventually, a sweet, buttery flavor with a subtle vanilla aftertaste became noticeable underneath the sharp alcoholic bite.  The chocolate buttercream was thick and fudgy with a nice, rich dark chocolate flavor.  However, it had a fairly bitter aftertaste and a heavy, greasy feel to it.Bunny Boo:  The carrot cake was dry and kind of bland.  It had a salty muted carrot cake flavor -- the spices didn't really "pop".  The cake was kind of rough and when combined with the shredded carrot and nuts it made for a chewy, crunchy texture.  The cream cheese buttercream was exactly that -- a light, sweet buttery frosting with a cool, refreshing cream cheese flavor.  Yum!  The cream cheese added some moisture and sweetness to the cake, but somehow the cake's saltiness and greasiness seeped through.  I really, really liked the frosting, but the sub-par cake just ruined it.  It's a crying shame because this was a truly fantastic frosting.At the end of the day, though I loved the super cute bakery, $2.95 was just way too much money given the quality of these cupcakes.
5	Lulu's cupcakes are the best!  You will be surprised at how addictive they are and the all natural products make a huge difference.  Other frostings just don't taste as good anymore and I feel good about giving these treats to my kids or serving them to my guests.  The Blonde Bombshells and the Bunny Boo (carrot cake) are two of my favorites!  Give them a try - you won't be disappointed!As far as price goes, remember you get 16 cupcakes is a dozen, not the ordinary 12.  Also, $3 is the going rate for bakery cupcakes.  Check out AJ's, Wildflower, Sprinkles, Tammy Coe, etc. and you'll see the same (if not higher).  Sure you can get them cheaper at the grocery store, but you get what you pay for - those will be filled with artificial ingredients and transfats - nasty!  Do yourself a favor and splurge on these.
1	Went last week and what a disappointment... If it's a franchise, the owner needs to get her (or his) money back.100% natural? bland and dry. they can still be natural and moist. Get a new recipe. Dry in cake is BAD!100% naughty? yeah.. it's naughty of them to charge so much for these tiny little things. They are tiny compared to all of the other $3.00 cupcakes around town. And have you looked at the pdf menu thing on the lulu's website? Check it out and look at the bottom of page 2... It actually says "Orders must be placed by blah blah blah..." What the hell does blah blah blah mean?Tiny, dry, and way too expensive for the size and quality.
4	I stopped in here to try some cupcakes.  Now I am not a cupcake connoisseur but I love cupcakes as much as the next person.  This is the first cupcake store I have been to so I don't have a lot to compare with.  The store was very cute with a bunch of interesting items on display for sale.  The lady behind the counter was very nice and helpful in deciding which cupcakes to get.  I decided on a box of four 2 lemon, one landscaper which is vanilla butter cream on chocolate cake, and one of their daily specials which was a cheesecake cupcake.  I think my favorite was the cheesecake one.  This place is very close to my office so I am sure I will be back when I am craving cupcakes again:).
1	There's some sort of cupcake craze going on in the valley which I don't understand. What can I say about LuLu's? This place isn't really worth me writing about it, it's crap.I spent $4 on a cupcake that was small, dry, and had some crappy whipped frosting piled on. I have this good idea to make their cupcakes actually edible: 'Betty Crocker'.
3	Call to check if they have cupcakes before you go! There were a few times that they had NONE! A few times they were closed.Although the cupcakes were pretty good - and they claim 'no preservatives'....it made me think that I should take up baking....cuz they werent so cheap! And I remember the days of Betty Crocker and remember those Easy Bake Ovens???.....well I might give it a whirl.I brought them to clients a couple of times and won some BIG smiles - but BEWARE....the icing melted really quickly.The interior of the shop was really cute - all in bright pastel motif.
5	I love Lulu's Cupcakes. I have to say that my favorite flavor is the chocoshnitzel, which is chocolate cake with a yummy coconut frosting. My husband likes the mood elevator, which is chocolate cake with coffee frosting and the bunny boo, which is the carrot cake cupcake.The staff is always smiley and wonderful. The store is always clean and pretty. I tell everyone I know about Lulus!
3	In keeping with the thought that I needed a treat today, I stopped by my favorite Scottsdale cupcake store, Lulu's.I didn't say my favorite cupcake store (TC, you know who you are and you're delightful), but my favorite in Scottsdale.They had a special on today, 2 for 1, so I brought one home for the beautiful Carin and then cut them half so I could have 1/2 of Blonde Bombshell and 1/2 of PB, hold the Jelly. They also had a "D-Cup" cake (I do so love double entente's), but strangely enough, it didn't really look so hot.Anyway, both cupcakes were good and just what I needed to restore balance to my life (esp. for the extremely reasonable price of $3.00 for 2).The BB was moist and icing rich and flavorful (if you can truly say that vanilla is flavorful...which I do...probably something to do with my Norwegian heritage).I thought the PB was less successful, the cake was a little dry (why do so many cupcake places, and bakeries, for the matter, have trouble making a moist chocolate cake!?!?). The icing, while tasty, had that little bit of crust that says "I've been sitting here a little too long".But both were good and LuLu's is my go to when I don't want to leave Scottsdale for a cupcake.
2	bleh. tried them once and even when im on a diet craving everything under the moon, i would probably pass up a Lulu's cupcake. they weren't very good.
5	I love Lulus cupcakes! They always have a perfect amount of frosting and alot of their cupcakes are better than the ones at sprinkles. This is because they seem to be moister and hold themselves together better. I love the raven! The Sales people are nice. So yummy! And I love that the place is pink!
5	***After going to the NW corner (where I thought I was supposed to go, so much for relying on my memory...) Lulu's cupcakes pink lettered sign was a welcome beacon to the land of the delicious. On the inside was the counter with glass covered (cupcake stands. After much deliberation I settled on the Mood Elevator (a chocolate cupcake with a mocha-chocolate frosting and chocolate covered espresso bean, a Lemon cupcake (I'm sure it had a snazzy name, but I totally forgot to write it down), a Pumpkin cupcake, and D-cupcake, a vanilla cupcake with raspberry filling and a chocolate ganache frosting.Although smaller than the normal high-end bakery cupcakes (think normal made-at-home sizing) they are delicious. I often find with the bigger cakes its a struggle to finish them, and when I do I am so full I can't eat for hours...these cakes were perfect size for me. The cakes are moist and melt in your mouth with each bite. They have just enough frosting, you don't feel the need to knock off half a pound - it compliments the cake flavor well. I especially enjoyed my Mood Elevator, the chocolate was not too rich, making it difficult to finish, but instead was balanced well with the espresso icing. Overall, they were tasty, and I would go back again.This joint has a lot of repeat business, but it did seem like they make limited quantities of some cakes (Our party wiped out quite a few in stock) so, it may be best to call ahead and make sure they have what you want.
4	We bought 4 today for $10, independence day cupcake, cookies n cream, german chocolate, and carrot. All were really good, I liked them better than sprinkles, since I thought those were way too sugary.
2	If all natural means dry and bland, then this cupcakes are definitely "natural." I was super excited to try Lulus, and then was quickly disappointed. They were out of everything and the cake texture was like cardboard. Whipped frosting? ummm where is my cream cheese? Save your $3 and go grab a happy hour beer.
1	I'm like some who don't quite understand the cupcake craze. A small little store that does nothing but cupcakes seems a little bizarre to me. I mean where are all the pie-only boutiques?Anyway, my girl friend loves cupcakes, especially red velvet. Since we were riding our bikes along the greenbelt here, we stopped in to check it out. Right off the bat, we discover that they don't make red velvet cupcakes because they do not use artificial ingredients. I get it. But after the sucky cupcakes we had, they should reconsider.My girlfriend had the Pucker Up. The only hint of lemon was the actual lemon wedge that was stuck in the hockey puck of icing sitting on top of the cupcake. She hated it and after only one bite it ended up in the trash can with a thud!I went with the Blonde Bombshell and although I wouldn't go so far to say it was inedible, it absolutely was not worth $3. It was very bland and crumbly. The icing itself, I thought should've been a sweet buttery flavor, actually had a sour taste to it so I scraped off as much of it as I could.Someone else on here, prior to my write-up, had yelped something to the effect of taking the $3 and going for a happy hour beer....my girlfriend and I agree that we should've walked over to Duke's for a pitcher. It would've been much more rewarding after a bike ride than a couple crappy cupcakes.
4	Lulu's Cupcakes are just as tasty as Sprinkles but without the pretension or cost. I ordered 20 cupcakes from Lulu's for a brunch that I recently hosted. Ordering on the phone was easy and fast. When I went to pick them up a couple of days later, they were packaged in nice and tight so as to quell any fear that they might smush in the car ride home. The cost? $50, with more flavors than Sprinkles offers. (I had 15 varieties in my bunch.) Not to hate on Sprinkles, because I actually do love their cupcakes as well, but do you know what 20 cupcakes would have cost me there? Close to $90, I kid you not. And that's just not happening in this recession.
1	Went there today at 3 and they were closed!
4	Gluten Free Creations just bought Lulu's so the cafe will now be entirely wheat and gluten free! Will post an update as soon as the new place is open.
5	I am SO sad that Lulu's is closed. Lisa by far made the best cupcakes. I would drive from the west valley just for those treats! I watched her on cupcake wars tonight and it just validated how awesome she is. I think it is ironic that Candance Nelson is a judge on that show, when her cupcakes are so lacking quality. They taste like a cake mix cake. NOT anything extraordinary for the price. Lulu, I hope you can come back.... I miss you! :(
