5	while my not-quite-a-pack-a-day smoking sister was in town, she mentioned she was interested in looking at e-cigarettes to perhaps curtail some of her regular smoking. we did some research and talked to people and found that the Joyetech was the brand that most interested her. The local distributor is here at Vapor Vortex.We stopped by on a rainy Friday afternoon and were warmly greeted by the two owners (and two regular customers). They explained in detail each model of ecig they had, the benefits, the drawbacks and let my sister try out the different models. Once she determined which model she wanted, they talked to her about accessories and flavors. They have 80 flavors there (in 3 strengths) and always are creating more. At no time was there ever any upsell or pushiness. She's had it now for 5 days and she's only had one cigarette a day. It may not completely stop her smoking, but it's cut way back and she gets the same sensations. She looks forward to be able to order from them online once she is back home.
5	They actually sell joytech i was very pleased to see that. The guys there are super friendly and know what there talking about  when it come to there product.
5	I had just ordered an e cig from Joy tech online, and was worried that I would have to drive all the way to Glendale to get atomizers,  tanks,  ect, but I called and found out that the place was right down the street from where i live and they had everything I needed!  Ill never be out of supplies! I even had a question about my device and I got reliable answers,  and they have a ton of e juice! Horchata is my favorite! I'm so happy this place opened!
5	After a smoke free month and many a hour spent hanging out in the shop I felt it was time to share a few thoughts. While happily driving along and puffing on one of countless smokes from over the past 18 years, I noticed Vapor Vortex in one of my nearby plazas. After having wasted a few hundred dollars on crummy e-cigs about five years ago I was beyond skeptical but went in anyhow to have a look. I was greeted by Chris, the owner, with some amazing customer service! He gave me a thorough and zero pressure explanation of everything and then left me to browse. He offered to let me try the various models and I was floored by what I found!! After my first hit off the ego-c I knew I might have finally found what every other smoking cessation aid failed to give me. The experience was amazing, and I immediately purchased a starter kit. Even though the store was already closed Chris stayed an extra half hour (on a Friday night!) to take my system apart, educate me on the various pieces, help me in finding the right juice, and assure I was happy and confident with my purchase. Awesome first experience!! The next week I went in almost daily with minor "newbie" questions, but every time I was greeted with exceptional knowledge and unparalleled service. If you are a current "vaper" or at all interested in making the switch, I highly encourage you to check out Vapor Vortex. Their knowledge and customer service are a refreshing change and create a wonderful environment. Their prices rival anything local or on-line, and their products are all top of the line components. When it comes to e-juice, they stock over 80 different flavors, and are more than willing to let you try as many as needed to find your perfect fit. So yeah, Vapor Vortex is on top of their game and truly are your one stop shop for e-cig supplies, juice, or just some honest and competent knowledge. Do yourself, a local business, and some great guys a favor and get into Vapor Vortex stat, it will be the healthiest choice you make today!!
5	These dudes are cool. Super nice. They don't try to upsell you and the prices are good.  I don't think people know how rare it is to find an e cig place that will let you sample the juice like they do PLUS they are incredibly sanitary about it. They don't carry a ton of stuff, but they don't need to, they just carry what works. Thats awesome!Now that they are selling US made, local juices I will be doing all of my shappoing there from now on.
5	Where do I start, well I got interested in the e-cigarettes because im an electronic fan, plus all the flavors to try, and i wanted to try new things while I game and stream online. I was told about this place by friends and I was excited to try something new. Turned out this was a great place for a noobie like myself, the staff was well informed and very helpful in showing me how the e-cigarettes work, how to clean, and maintain. The free samples sold me, so great to find what you like and very satisfied with the selection of the no nicotine vapors. So if you don't want the nicotine it great! I will continue to shop and support this place as the customer service is the best I've seen. I felt real comfortable here trying flavors with a awesome lounge. Will be back!
4	Just stopped in there today, seems like a good spot, it was pretty busy (chaos!). They have a great taste test bar, and the lady that helped me (sorry, I didn't get your name) was super nice.I walked out with a bottle of Bangberry Mist and my oh my, isn't it yummy. $15 for a 20ml bottle of jVapes. I'll be back.
5	This is the shop to go to for all your vape needs!  Has a great selection of juice with my current favorite being Pursuit of Happiness!  Their juice "bar" setup, allowing you to sample all of their juices, is the best in the valley!  They have a great selection for the novice to the experienced but always seems to be out of stock of the stuff I need!  Great staff who are extremely knowledgable and friendly. Highly recommended.
5	Great place to pick up your vaping needs. These guys know what they are talking about. Thats why they are #1 for all my E-Liquids and hardware. Love the people there as well. I probably see them like every other day. Vapor vortex is hands down the #1 vape shop in phoenix. Dont get ripped off with low quality hardware and juices and hit these guys up. Speaking of juices i have to stop by today. Look forward to hangin out again yall. Thanks
5	Vapor Vortex has the highest quality vapor in the valley and the guys behind the counter are super helpful.
5	The folks here are great. Since my transfer from disgusting smoker to guy who vapes I've made this my go-to spot.I'm not an expert on the subject by any means but these guys really take the time to help and be sure that you are getting what you want. They also have tons of great flavors that they let you try before you buy.Really cool part to me is if you spend a tad more money you are getting "juice" made in Prescott, not that "who knows what is in it" crap from China.Note that they don't have refills for "Blu's" or other cigarette type vaping devices. Just the refillable kind.
5	This place is great! Went in recently and got an igo w3 and they were very friendly with some amazing prices. Highly recommend!
2	I went there and bought an iclear 30b, and the employee raved about it. I've had nothing but problems with it and was not warned about quick drawing causing the chamber to flood. The day after I bought it I called in and the manager said he would give me 10% off a new tank. Why should I have to buy a new one when No one there was knowledgeable about the problems of the iclear in the first place? My recommendation is to buy everything online from now on!
4	I was referred to this store when I stopped by the liquor store by The Vig to see if they had juice for my vape pen. There were a couple of people in the store already so I had to wait what seemed like a long time but that could have been my impatience from being hungover. Ben helped me pick a flavor and knew exactly what ingredients were in each product and educated me on what to get. The guys who work here are so cool they spend time with each customer and make sure they're taken care of instead of trying to get as many people in and out of the door as possible. Now I haven't been to any other shops so I don't know what competitors prices are like but based on customer service alone I would definitely come back.
4	Nice spot. Not a huge selection of mods or tanks but they do offer a ton of juices by different manufacturers. I picked up a few bottles of JVapes after I sampled them at the juice bar.@ Piana. Seriously? They have a friggin juice bar with over 100 flavor for you to sample. If you're to lazy to take the time out and sample them don't bitch and complain about what you purchased. Personally, I've bought juices from many of the high end distributors around and SOME of them aren't my cup of tea. That's the benefit of having a brick&mortar shop with a big selection. Take 15 minutes out of your day and buy something you know you're going to like. If you're not willing to do that is it really fair to go online and slam em? As far as the tanks go, couldn't tell ya, didn't buy one or look at any aside from a quick glance. I know I wouldn't listen to what a competitor has to say about a competing business and take it as fact. Maybe they are more expensive, maybe it's not the same tank. This industry is flooded with clones and replicas. So it may look the same and have the same logo but it's not going to be the same product. Sucks, but that's how it is in this industry. I can tell you I purchased a Kraken for $150 and broke the god damn glass because I wasn't careful with it. I didn't try and return it to VapeCentral  as it was my mistake. As far as flooding/leaking go, it's what happens when  you don't know how to maintain or set your gear up . Some designs/style tanks such as genesis will leak unless they're kept upright even if it's brand new. Did you put to much liquid in it and flood it? Is your coil installed properly? There is a laundry list of things YOU could do wrong that would effect how the tank works. I typically dont defend businesses in reviews but in this case i think it's justified. If you do t know what you're doing or talking about it's not fair to shred the place and claim they're ripping off the public.  Vape shops are popping up like weeds throughout the valley I consider myself pretty knowledgable and I'd give this place my endorsement. Not the best shop around but certainly a solid place and worth a look. The young lady that was working there was very friendly. I'm slow when sampling my juices and she was chill. Offered assistance if I needed any but didn't rush or try and up sell, she only offered suggestions and made a few recommendations. I like that.I didn't get her name but remember she had a Nemesis!Nice shop. I'd recommend and would return.I'd also suggest to anyone that's starting  to Vape to check out the ECF forum. It'll save you a lot of cash in the long run.
4	About two months ago my husband and I decided that we were tired of slowly killing ourselves. We have kids after all and it would be nice to see them grow up, get married.....all that good stuff. So we did some research and decided to start "vaping". After a bit more research we learned about Vapor Vortex on 36th st and Indian school. So off we headed.....First impression: A nice clean looking little store, It looked professional and right away we were greeted with smiles and asked if we needed help. My husband explained exactly what we wanted and thus began our relationship with Vapor Vortex.They were super polite. They explained everything, never tried to upsell us and allowed us to try several different juices. We left the store about an hour later with one Vaporizer and smiles on our faces. They were fabulous. That was two months ago. Since our first visit we have gone back about once every couple of weeks for more juice and atomizers. We have called them freaking out and they calmed us down and kindly explained that our vaporizer wasnt dead, it simply needed to be charged. At a time when so many employees lack in simple customer service skills; Vapor Vortex stands apart. They are professional, courteous, helpful and just all around good people. The only reason they get a 4 and not a 5 is because they are so small and a few times we have gone in and literally been shoulder to shoulder, I wish they would upsize! Thanks Vapor Vortex :)
5	I used to go to the Scottsdale location which was pretty cool but I moved and came and checked these guys out! Ben gave me great service, very courteous and respectful. He gave me info on quite a few different items and he really knew what he was talking about! Thanks see ya soon!
5	Great selection, friendly and knowledgeable staff.  One of the most reliable Vape stores in the valley with multiple locations!
3	Their JVape Cinnaroll is one of the best all day vapes around.  Really. I've gone back for a second bottle within a week because even though the first was still half full,this is one I don't want to run out of.  EverI'll keep going back for Cinnaroll. It's that good. It's definitely one I don't want to run out of.
