5	Francisco of Central Towing came to my rescue to tow my car to the dealer.  He was not only swift at his job but was so pleasant and very informative.  He was very aware of others in the busy grocery store parking lot where my car was stranded.  Two times he had to deal with others not looking and almost driving into his very clean large tow truck.  He smiled and said it happens.  This guy was happy to do his job and do it well.  Great service!
1	I called Central Towing last night because I had accidentally locked my keys inside my car. They said it was going to be about a 25 minute wait. After an hour I called several times... no answer. They didn't show up until an hour and a half later!
1	This place took FOREVER to come. Driver lied to dispatch saying I wasn't with my vehicle and told them he had called me and I told him I would be there in 30 minutes. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. Unorganized and lack of integrity.
1	I had called my insurance company to provide me with a tow when my car did not start due to my starter. They provided me with an eta of 1 hour. Well an hour goes by and no one has showed up or giving me the courtesy of a phone call. I then call to see how much longer they will be they said 10 minutes. Another 30 minutes go by I called back she then told me 4 minutes. He got there in about 10 minutes. He then tells us that sometimes a starter can be "fixed" for the moment by using a metal rod and pressing down on the starter and then turning in the car. Which didn't work. Then when he brings it to the shop our mechanic tells us that when he pressed down on the starter he broke off the oil pressure sensor connector. This guy damaged out car. If I were you I would look else where for a towing company.
1	If I could rate them 0 I would. I am still sitting on the side of the road waiting for them to arrive I called 3 hours ago and they said 75 minutes and they still are not here. Last I checked 75 minutes was 1 hour and 15 minutes. After reading all the reviews it's clear this company does not care about their reputation. I have say in the Arizona heat for 3 hours because of their lack of professionalism.  Do not use this company at all seriously call someone else. I just called another company because it's been 3.5 hours and I haven't even gotten an update or courtesy call. The other company said 1.5 hours give or take 15 minutes let's see who shows up first. I will update with answer soonCentral showed up after 4hours, I did cancel the other tow cause I'm not rude, but I will never use central towing again because they were not remotely close to the time promised even 30 min late would have been forgivable but 2 hours 45 min late in 100 degree weather is unacceptable. Then offering no discount or anything stay away
5	Francisco with central towing was outstanding his customer service and attention to detail was one of a kind.. Regarding the unsatisfactory reviews regarding the insurance and estimated time of arrival that have been posted heres a TIP..your insurance company GPS is your location to the tow truck company which is outstanding however not an exact location  what I would recommend once your insurance company emails or text messages your receipt call the tow truck company and provide them with your exact location or mile marker if at all possible.once again thank you Francisco and central towing for the outstanding job and care you took in delivering our car safelyTony & Alejandra Robinson :-)
5	Great service! The guy was very knowledgeable and even helped me push my car upon delivery. Thanks again!
5	I was immediately pleased w my tow truck driver Francisco the minute he got out of his truck. We all have choices in life to make it a great day or not so great day. His energy and attitude was one of a kind and not often seen in todays world.  He had me smiling from the minute he arrived to the minute he dropped me off. He was very careful when hooking up my car and doublechecked everything twice to make sure he didn't miss anything. We need more Francisco's in this world!
