4	The Scottish Experience is subtle and tasteful, which is more than can be said of the surrounding tourist traps who think blaring out the Red Hot Chilli Pipers while upselling shortbread and Nessie constitutes as having roots in this otherwise beautiful country.So for some, this elegant store may not immediately strike you as being "Scots Whae Hae!", but I can assure you that it is a store with substance. Selling contemporary jewellery of Scottish design, cashmere kilts and classy souvenirs, it is great for tourists while also not completely alienating its Scottish customers!They sell clan tartan, making this place a great stop for couples looking for a traditional wedding, but since I'm not dancing the Dashing White Sergeant up the aisle just yet, I'm quite taken with their jewellery. With the price varying from affordable silver pieces to designers such as Ortak and Sheila Fleet, they sell modern and stylish jewellery fit for special occasions as much as graceful souvenirs. As much as the pieces are modern, they are still authentic and homegrown. There were some beautiful designs in here that I've never seen in other stockists and am almost tempted to return and purchase the clam charm I fell in love with. But rather than waste such a beautiful necklace on boozy nights out I'll wait it out till the next wedding (my friends are all reaching that age which is terrifying). But while I continue to ogle and appreciate the sophisticated stock, some others may find it useful if they've got a hot date coming up!
4	Located on the Royal Mile, Scottish Experience Jewellery is the perfect place to stop of for souvenirs and gifts from Bonny Scotland. They have an excellent range of men and women's jewellery, all with a Scottish theme.-Ortak-Sheila Fleet-Celtic jewelleryare just some of the brands on stock here and the Sheila Fleet jewellery in particular makes a gorgeous gift. I bought a set of Sheila Fleet earrings for a friend who was doing an Erasmus year in Scotland and she loved them and whenever she wears them she can think of her year in Scotland. What's great about the Sheila Fleet range is that many of them styles are not over the top with Celtic designs and are a bit more subtle which is nice.This store is reasonably priced and the staff are very friendly too. It's bright and airy and everything is very well organised making it pleasant to browse.
