3	I stopped in here to pick up some Birks for Lauren and they had a decent selection. Service was ok, nothing outstanding but also not the worst I have had either.  I would shop here again.
4	A small spurt of spontaneity came upon me a few weeks ago to surprise my wife with a new pair of shoes. I wasn't exactly sure that these guys would have what I was looking for, but I ended up calling beforehand and they happily helped me find the perfect pair. I've been in to this location a few times before to check out their selection of TOMS and have always been happy with the variety. I was so stoked to hear they had the last yellow pair in my wife's size that they had. They were glad to hold them for me until I could make it into the shop later that afternoon. I believe the two reps in the store were Gary and Beth. Such nice folks and helpful with everything. They made it a fun experience and were glad to add to my spontaneity. Best of all, my wife loves her shoes!We even came in a little while later to pick up a pair of shoes for me as well. They had a great pair of brown TOMS boots that were the last pair in my size as well! Gotta love the selection of past seasonals. Glad these guys carry such a wide variety. Will definitely be back when in the need for some new shoes. Cheers!
5	I really wanted a pair of Toms for my birthday, but the pair I picked out was not available in my size. We called Toms to see if they would get more in stock, but they said that they were discontinued and the only thing we could do was go to stores that sold Toms and see if they had that particular style in stock. We heard that this store sold Toms, so we stopped by. While we were browsing, the associated asked if we needed help. I explained my situation, and the sales associate went out of her way to find out which style I was talking about. When we found it, she explained that they no longer had that style. Before we were getting ready to leave, the associate told us to wait. She went to the back and pulled out the shoe I wanted, but in a children's size. They fit perfectly, and as I was going to buy them, she offered to knock 10 bucks off the price. So, not only did she go out of her way to help me, she also gave me a fantastic deal. I will be sure to recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a pair of shoes, and I will be sure to come back here next time I am looking for some Birkenstocks, Toms, Rainbows, or Sanuks. Fantastic experience.
4	Edit:::::I originally have this store 2 stars because the women there was horrible. However, the next day I called there to see if they had a certain shoe in my size, they did not, but the man called the store in Durham and them overnight me the shoe in my size. He was so nice and communicated with me so well! I was very impressed. If this was my only experience with the store5stars it would be! But I am compromising and doing 4! I want to give this store 5 stars because they such a HUGE selection of shoes and they are all so comfy and stylish at the same time. But the woman who worked in there was horrible! She was older with short hair. We were the only people in the store. She had no interest in helping us, in fact she CLEARLY annoyed that we were even there....at 2pm on a Sunday...don't most people shop on weekends? It's not like we were holding her up from closing. I was trying to decide between a few different pairs of shoes for an upcoming trip to Europe and she was practically throwing the boxes at me. It was REALLY bad. I couldn't find her when I needed a size, but when I was trying on shoes she would come over and rush me and ask which ones I didn't want! I hadn't even tried some on yet! Bottom line....get rid of that lady and it would be a 5 star store!
5	Went there looking for high quality shoes for the kitchen. They have a great selection with great prices. Both women who helped me were very knowledgable and courteous. Made it very easy for me to shop there. Would recommend this for anyone looking for a high quality shoe for any occasion at prices that rival amazon.com.
2	They have a nice selection of shoes. However, this store is not good on customer service. I have never been in a Birkenstock store where the salespeople weren't super helpful until this one. They have a very lackadaisical  attitude about helping you. The didn't have the shoe I wanted in my size but he indicated it could be ordered. When I asked what  color they had, it was like oh lots but the salesman never went pulled out any catalogs or looked anything up in the computer. It was like he really wasn't  interested. There were no suggestions of other styles or brands- They carry Dansko, Merrell etc as we'll. So I decided to leave and order what I wanted on Zappos.When I have visited other Birks stores in other cities, they gave lots of helpful suggestions on various styles, gave out catalogs, researched shoes online etc., explained the order process. These people aren't really interested in helping you. Several stores both locally and online sell the same brands so there is no need to put up with poor service. I won't go back here.
2	the lady that works there was not helpful at all.  Very poor customer service.
4	Love the store and the helper was nice. We got 4 pair and like them very much but they are not for 10 mile days. I have Berkentourture blisters now. Wish there were more stores like this one around who sold good shoes. Its was a hike to get there
