5	Hard to find decent Thai out here in the East Valley, but this new place is awesome! I had the Spicy Thai Noodles (Pad Kee Mao) and it was absolutely delicious. I asked for it hot and they sure delivered. A nice burn, not too overpowering and not lingering. I will definitely be going back to try their other dishes. The staff is also incredibly nice. All around a great place!
5	Food is great, today I had panang, it was very good and service as well. Will go back
5	Had the pumpkin curry and the pad kee mao.  Soo good.  If you're not a big fan of spicy, get the dishes mild.  They definitely have a bit of heat even when ordered mild.  We also had the mango sticky rice and the custard which were both excellent!!  And don't miss the Thai iced coffee. This restaurant may be new but the owner's family has been in the restaurant business for decades and it really shows.  Great food, great service.  Definitely check this place out.
4	I love it when there is a new Thai restaurant near my house. This place has very generous portions, so much I couldn't over-indulge (and clean my plate) like I normally do, so I get to have some for lunch tomorrow. That makes me happy! Pad Thai is spot on! (I always try a new places Pad Thai, I consider it one of the litmus tests for Thai cuisine). The Spring Rolls in rice paper just like I like with a nice sweet sauce to dip them in and the same for the egg rolls with a good sauce. They gave me 5 egg rolls! I love that! Great flavor. And the spring roll had a couple nice BIG shrimp!Don't be surprised if you see me here again, I'll be the Duke in no time!
5	food excellent, service very good, very clean the place. Thai iced tea way to sweet, hope they can make it less sweet.
5	This place has by far surpassed any other thai restaurant I have tried in the valley--yes, even the popular Thai chili. I happened to stumble in after a long shift at the hospital (it's right across from Banner Baywood) with quite a nasty cold. The sweet waitress suggested the tom yum soup. Fantastic!!!! Hot, fresh, with the tang of kaffir lime, large prawns, and a huge kick. My husband, who joined me for dinner, loved this as well. We also ordered the thai spicy noodles with beef. Those luscious flat noodles were just layered with tender beef, sweet peppers, and garlicky spicy goodness. We ate everything and despite being full with runny noses, we ordered dessert! My husband tried the fried bananas, which were tasty but what topped that was my dessert. I'm a huge fan of sticky rice with mango and to my disappointment mango was out of season. The sweet waitress asked the chef who came up with something just as wonderful: sweet sticky rice with coconut icecream topped with plum seeds and peanuts. OMG!! The dessert was heavenly but I was more impressed with whatever genius they have working in the kitchen. Everything was so fresh, beautiful, and delicious! I'm concerned that nobody seems to know about this place. I would stand out in the street and direct traffic just to keep them open!
5	Amazing is the word for this place. . I have looked searched high and low for good/great Thai food here in AZ. . Finally found it here at Thai plates. . I have eaten at this restaurant 5-6 and the service is always exceptional.. my favorite dish is Pra-Ram #33  ohhhhh so good. . Pad Thai is just the way it should be delicious flavorful and lots of it... Spicy basil , ginger delight and spicy asparagus are also really good all veggies are fresh and cooked perfectly. . All this followed up with a cup of hot Jasmine tea.. Perfect!!!! I will be coming to this place for years to come. . I would give them 10 stars if I could. .
4	Great food, friendly personable service, clean. Had the chicken Pad See Ew, it was very good, but the noodles were a little longer and more stuck together than I am used to. Didn't stop me from devouring the whole massive portion though. Broccoli was al dente!!! Mmm...
5	So I'm in town visiting my parents and decided to try some Thai food for lunch. I spent a couple months in Thailand a few years back and I really know my Thai food. I meant to go to tum nak Thai restaurant due to the high star ratings but I ended up here...and I'm very glad I did. I order the Thai basil lunch special which came with a salad, rice, egg roll. I ate every single bite and would have licked the plate clean if I was at home. If you want some Damn good Thai food, try this place out
5	Thai Plates is the best Thai food restaurant in the east valley.The food is very good, very flavorful and the customer service is great.So far every dish I tried has been on point.If you want great Thai food this is the place
5	Hungry for Thai food and found this little quaint restaurant Saturday night. I was thoroughly impressed with the flavorful pineapple fried rice, pad Thai and delicious yellow curry. The owners are very nice and friendly and I definitely will come back again!
5	If your looking for great Thai food, this is the place. I had the Red Curry, chicken Larb, and Papaya salad. They were all awesome! I've eaten at many Thai restaurants in Arizona, California, and Oregon. This place knows Thai without being over priced or skimpy on portions. Try it, and you'll be back for more!
5	We wanted to try a new Thai restaurant for our wedding anniversary. There were only a few reviews on Yelp, but they were very positive, so we decided to try it out. Although the restaurant was a little difficult to find, it was well with the effort!We tried their spring rolls which were a breath of springtime; undoubtedly the best spring roll & have ever tasted, incredibly fresh with a light infusion of herbs and delightfully fresh shrimp.We also tried the Massaman Curry and the Spicy Asparagus with fish. The Curry was delicious, with a deap, complex blend of spices. The asparagus was cooked lightly to perfection, the fish light and flakey without a hint of fishy odor or taste. We are so glad we found this little gem!
5	Wonderful experience!!!The food was out of this world and I loved the little "kush for your tush". Nice touch! The real "headliner" was the food! OMG!!!!!!! I felt guilty at the prices and I can honestly say, "It was the BEST Thai food I have ever eaten!" and I wish them many years of success!!!!!!  I will definitely be back, many more times!!!!
5	Great Thai food, excellent service.  Even my two picky kids loved this place.  Best Thai we've had since moving to Arizona from the Pacific Northwest.  Eat here.
5	Delicious potstickers! Green curry and spicy basil are amazing!! Service is quick and friendly! Best Thai food in Mesa!!
5	I have been here 2 times now with my boyfriend, he is a regular. Great place for lunch and dinner! Great prices and many many healthy options. I had the green curry both times and it is delicious! I get a 4 on the spicy meter and it's just hot enough for me :) The restaurant is small and personal run by husband and wife. I will continue to eat here and try out other items on the menu.
5	I had a great experience today. I recently moved to the area. Was craving wanton soup to help me kick a stomach bug. I called in my order and my bf picked up. The person who took my order was very nice and helpful. My bf said the restaurant was nice and clean. Food was delicious.
5	Me and my girlfriend had an awesome experience on this restaurant! food was great. we ordered the spicy green beans and pad see ew, the smell was pretty good and tasty. we just accidentally saw the restaurant   and we decided to try it. we used to go to other thai restaurant before but after trying this we would definitely go back.:)
5	My wife and I have been searching for a good Thai restaurant in the Mesa area for YEARS and this is not just good, ITS GREAT!! I've driven past the intersection of Broadway & Power many times per week for years and had never seen this restaurant tucked I next to Albertsons on the NE corner but after checking out Yelp to find anotherThai restaurant and reading the reviews we decided to give it a try and BOY are we glad we did. The Phad Thai was excellent and so was the Red Curry and the Pineapple Fried Rice. The portions were generous so we have leftovers. YAY!! The restaurant is clean, the service was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable. We will be regulars now that we have found this wonderful restaurant.
3	This is a small family owned and operated business,  The restaurant is small with maybe six booths and maybe 6 small tables. The tables are a little high for the booth benches and they provide optional pillows for you to sit on. The better of the two meals we tried was the Pumpkin Curry with Chicken. They cooked the pumpkin and carrots absolutely perfect I don't see that too often. The sauce was mild and VERY thin. I don't think pumpkin was a part of the sauce. The chicken was on the dry side but not bad and still OK. I asked for brown rice with my meal but didn't receive any. Not a big deal and I used some white rice because we received a GIANT serving of white rice. Cucumber Salad was pristine fresh and crispy but was also very sweet.I did try a small amount of the Pad Gra Pow with Beef. The beef was a little chewy but not bad and tasted sort of like soy sauce. I didn't taste much basil in this dish and this dish is about the basil and should taste like basil.  We also expected it to be spicy and asked very spicy but we received, "OLD WHITE PERSON FROM SUN CITY SPICY". For me not the best but also not the worst either and A-OK.Portions are large and prices are very low.Service is friendly.Worthy of a try when you are in the area.
5	Delicious Thai food! I tried the pad Thai as I always do when I first try a Thai place. It was  very tasty, it is sweeter than any of pad Thai I have ever had before and at first it was very good but about half way through it became a little too sweet. I took the other half home and had it for lunch the next day which ended up being perfect because it's too sweet to eat the entire thing in one sitting. I got it medium (mild, medium, hot, extra hot, Thai hot) which I thought might not have enough spice since I normally order a 3 out of 5 at other Thai restaurants... Nope! It was right on the border of being too hot. So be conservative when ordering on the spice. The best part of this restaurant and the reason I gave it a 5 instead of a 4, which I think would reflect the food better, is because of the service. I have only been to one other Thai place where the staff asks you about you meal and is truly curious and has other recommendations and really wants to make sure you enjoyed your meal so you will come back. Because of the service I will be back to try more!!Went back and tried the pumpkin curry and the basil fried rice. OMG I love pumpkin curry! A must try at this restaurant. The basil fried rice is definitely in the top 5 I have tried and I have tried a lot since that is what my boyfriend always orders.
5	I've eaten many different dishes and everything was really good. The owner was very nice and helpful on what to order. Definitely found a new place to eat Thai food!
4	A five-star rating on Yelp *and* and 'inexpensive'? I had to try, dragged my parents along, and Thai Plates is indeed a new favorite!We had an uber-Thai feast:* Tom Kha soup was truly excellent, meaning the overall flavor was balanced (rare even in the Tom Kha world) and the selection of veggies and prawns were perfect. Friggin' delicious.* Pad Woon Sen is my favorite Thai dish, a stir fry of glass noodles, eggs, many veggies and protein. I have had better (this tasted just a bit too oily) but wouldn't hesitate to order again.* Black Bean Shrimp was too watery for my palette but nevertheless full of great flavor, generated not by MSG but the ingredients themselves.* Green papaya salad - my mom (like me) is a veggie lover and I found it preposterous that she had never enjoyed this potentially nirvana-like experience. Neither of us were disappointed. As good Thai food should be, there was a great balance of individual flavors, such as lime and fish sauce and heat and the slightest sweetness.The scene in this restaurant is quiet and comfortable ... thank God. Way too many restaurants these days feel it necessary to blast noise at its patrons. However, three very large television are suspended from the ceiling and, thankfully, none of them were turned on during our late afternoon meal - I just might have walked out if any of them were turned on. I am leery of future visits, however, as those teevees aren't there to collect dust.The owners were very friendly in that most-pleasant way I've come to know after five months in Thailand myself.
5	This place is so Incredible! I drive all the way from Tucson to eat here. The owners are so sweet. I love this place
5	Excellent!  Great service!  Great food!We found this place on Yelp.  It lives up to our expectations.  It is a small mom and pop place.  With food and service like this, it won't stay small long.
5	This place was outstanding.  Services was great as was there food. Will be visiting this place again.
5	I did what I always do when I'm hungry and unfamiliar with an area, I checked out yelp. Thai Plates had a 5 star rating with a whole pile of rave reviews, so how could I resist trying this place?  As it turns out, all of the reviews are well deserved.  I had the Pad Prik King, which is the dish I order at every Thai place to compare.  It was awesome. So was my wife's broccoli with peanut sauce. And everyone is right about the amazing service. I love this place and only wish it were closer to home. I would definitely eat here again. And again.
5	Found Thai Plates on Yelp (5-Stars) when I was in the Superstition Springs area. My wife had the Coconut Soup and really liked it. I had the Spicy Noodles (hot) and was not disappointed! We then shared the Sweet Rice with Custard for dessert which was rich and the perfect amount of sweet after a nice spicy dinner. We will definitely be going back and will be bringing our friends and family!Great Thai food at a great price!
5	That was awesome! I had the broccoli lovers with beef and it was incredibly good. The oyster sauce is a perfect blend of savory with just the right kick of spice. Also had the Tom Yum, which has a great base with a generous fill of shrimp, mushrooms and more. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Great meal with low prices.
5	Service was very fast, but the food was easily the best Thai food I've ever eaten. Fantastic experience
5	Staff are super friendly, food is exceptional. I would recommend this little gem to everyone who loves Thai food. By the way everything is made fresh.
3	Went for lunch. Party of two. We each ordered appetizers, veg rolls were hot crispy and tasted OK... the other person's appetizer, satay,  appeared 15 minutes later. They were hot and tasted as though they had been marinaded in coconut milk. The peanut sauce was good as was the small serving of cucumber salad which accompanied the chicken satay. One entre appeared... calamari salad, the calamari was reasonably tender, spicy and was a good sized portion. My guest's entre ($6.95 lunch special) appeared about 15 minutes later... I tucked into my salad and was nearly finished before his lunch arrived... sweet and sour chicken,  (pretty much Chinese buffet style stuff...completely unremarkable). If you are going with a group (or more than one) at lunch and want to be served at the same time I suggest sticking to the specials.  One hot tea, one iced tea. Total: $34 plus tip. OK, but not a place I would go out of my way to visit again.
5	Really good Thai! Far better than we expected. Great service and cozy atmosphere. We'll be back for sure.
5	This is the best Thai I have found in Mesa.  We had a variety of things off the menu, from appetizers to curry to stir-fry. All were excellent and portions were generous!  Good water (not that awful tasting city water) was a nice bonus.  Friendly service, too.  Will definitely be a repeat customer.  Probably tomorrow.
5	This place deserves every one of its five stars.  I've been looking for great Thai food and although I've found some decent places, I haven't found any that "wow" me... until now.  When I walked in, I was immediately greeted with the homey, welcoming scent of delicious food.  The staff was extremely courteous and friendly, and the place had a nice, cozy atmosphere.  As previous reviewers have mentioned it is small - about 6 booths and a handful of tables, but can still accommodate large groups if needed.  In fact, there was a party of 10 dining while I was there.  Most of the booths were occupied in addition to the large party at the tables and several take-out orders, but despite how busy they were service was prompt and the arrival of my food was timely.  And of course, it was tasty!  I was not disappointed and will definitely be back.
5	I have been to every Thai restaurant in this vicinity and this is, without doubt, the best place I have eaten at in a long time, and definitely the best Thai. This is my 3rd time here this week! I'll keep coming back too.
4	Good Thai food. Had the coconut soup which was great, glass noodle salad had lots of fresh vegetables and the pumpkin in the curry was delicious!
5	Very good, will definitely be back. Thai hot is hot. Vegan options are really good as well, they were very accommodating and friendly!
5	Great place if you love good Thai food. I love the massaman curry they have. It is on par with some of it's more expensive counter parts. Glad to have found this place and to live so close!
5	I arrived as green to Thai food as anyone. The manager or owner was extremely congenial and helpful. He helped get me a just right plate of food with just enough spicy-ness as needed.Now for the drink... I love coffee. If you never have tried Thai coffee then I highly recommend this. Before buying it he gave me a generous sample. And I had to have more! 12 or 16 ounces of Java yumminess for $2.00!!! This place deserves its 5 stars.
4	Had the Thai Fried Rice with chicken, medium-hot. It was delicious. Also ordered a cucumber salad, and it was crisp, tasty, and refreshing.  The service was incredibly friendly and fast.  I will be back, for sure!
5	Just ate here with my wife. Absolutely amazing I had the pad thai she had the pineapple curry and we both had the crab puffs (heaven on earth) and fried shrimp(delicious) GO HERE
5	Thai plates was fantastic! After spending time in Thailand, I've had a hard time finding authentic Thai food...that was until I found Thai Plates. The food was amazing and the service was impeccable! My party shared the crab puffs, Tom yum soup, Pad Thai with calamari & massaman curry with shrimp, they were all great. The spice was right on and depth of flavor was superb. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for authentic Thai food!
5	Ha im back again. . I LOVE THIS PLACE. . this time tried something new.  Yellow curry with chicken. . Results amazing. . Jasmine tea... and gonna keep coming trying
5	Well here I am again at my favorite Thai restaurant.. This time I place a to go order my favorite #33 with chicken also tried the pineapple fried rice absolutely delicious and the hot and sour soup because I have sinus issues and need to clear that up it was absolute torture having to wait to drive home to eat it hands down best Thai restaurant in Arizona
4	My family came here one night and it was really empty. You can tell they've redone the place but it has a very weird vibe (giant TVs with nothing playing, different  chairs at each table, etc) We ordered the spicy noodles, pumpkin curry, pad Thai, Thai tea, and the sticky rice dessert. Food came out in a timely manner and service was great.  The food was pretty good. The noodles were flavorful and the meat was tender. My mom got the pumpkin curry and we all agreed that it was delicious, it was easily our favorite dish. The pad Thai is the reason for four stars. It was extremely sweet to the point that no one ate any of it. The Thai tea was flavorful and delicious as well as the sticky rice. The price, ambience, and pad Thai is why Thai plates did not get five stars
5	There is a reason why this place has 5 stars. I judge a Thai restaurant, first by their panang curry. All I gotta say is, this rivals tasty thai and yupha's thai in tempe. Might actually beat them in flavor. That's hard for me to say because I'm such a huge fan of both restaurants. Everything on my plate was cooked perfect! Definitely going back to try more dishes. Woop! Another awesome Thai place to dine! :-D
5	Great thai food.  We went with spring rolls to start with.   They were nice and refreshing.  For dinner we had pad see eiw with chicken.  It was very good and we got it mild with the chili paste on the side to slice it up as needed.  Noodle was good and the right texture.  We also got the #26 pad prik king with beef.  It was pretty good also but my wife's dish was better.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
