2	What I thought would have been a very nice and romantic Valentine's Day dinner at the Four Seasons resort Crescent Moon restaurant turned out to be a stunning disappointment. First of all, we were seated outside- twice. The staff member who brought us out there took us immediately back in because he thought the hostess had made a mistake. But no, the mistake was his, so back out we went. Did I mention there was a light drizzle outside? Fortunately, we were flanked by two heaters so searing I wondered if I would have to reach for the Solarcaine when I got home. We got menus right away, but waited quite a while even for some water. When our waitress took our order for food, she did not even ask if we wanted drinks, even though my husband was holding the wine list open in his hands. When I asked for a gin, she did not bother to ask my husband if he cared for anything. When I got my gin, my glass was chipped. She apologized and brought me another. Unfortunately for all of us, this turned out to be only her first apology of the night.We got a basket of breads which were just ok- some may have even been a bit on the tough side. Then a waiter came over and tried to give us entrees that were not ours, and we had not even had the first course of their special Valentine's Day menu. At last our sweet corn cream soup arrived, with a strip of poblano and a goat cheese empanada floating in it. Hubby liked it better than I did, but I do not care much for sweets at dinner. It was pretty good for what it was. Our entrees consisted of a petite filet, some king crab leg meat (out of the shell), and Yorkshire pudding with creamed spinach on top. We both ordered our beef medium rare, but what we got was overdone on one side and rare on the other. The crab was nearly inedible- it tasted like it had been previously frozen, and was totally overdone and chewy. Having just spent Christmas on the gulf coast catching and eating crab, we know what fresh tastes like and this was NOT it. When the waitress came to check on us and Hubby commented on the crab, she offered to bring us a new plate of it. We declined, not trusting they could get it right. We also had to let her know that steak knives would have been nice for our steak. The pudding and spinach were decent.The dessert was the stand-out of the whole dinner: a small scoop of very dark chocolate ice cream (house made), a coconut cake (really more like a big soft cookie) topped with a layer of firm chocolate and then with a circle of flan. The presentation was nice and the small drops of super fresh caramel sauce as decor were so delicious that I would have purchased a jar to take home. Props to the pastry chef. However, I had to ask for coffee and cream, and then she did not bring sugar. How freaking specific do I have to be? It was just the tip of the iceberg in a night of thoughtless service. The first reviewer commented that the "service was good- but you cannot expect less-- it's the Four Seasons!" I would have expected this to be true, but left completely astonished that the staff was so poorly managed or trained that we had to ask for beverages and proper utensils, that our menus were left on the table until the first course arrived, that the bread and butter were still on the table as we left, that I was served my drink in a chipped glass, and that we were seated outside when it was drizzling. Let alone the decidedly mediocre food- as DINKs, we do not mind spending $150 on a good meal. But when we left wishing we'd gone to Arriba, that's a problem. Oh- and my last impression? No soap in the ladies' room.UPDATE: I wrote to corporate- something I almost never do. I got a very quick response, and then a few days later another from the local food manager who offered to comp us a meal. Not being the type to complain just in order to get free stuff, I declined. I figured that if I were in charge, I sure as hell would want to know if food, service, and housekeeping were far below the standard that my "brand" suggested.
4	Crescent Moon was our breakfast and brunch stop during our stay at the Four Seasons. Breakfast was part of our golf package and it was a steal! Seating is indoors or outdoors. They have a bunch of heaters outside. But, really you are in the desert and you will have little need for additional heat. We took advantage of the breakfast buffett and it was really good. They had an omelet station and waffles. There were also the standard eggs, bacon, sausage and pancake options. The healthy fare side featured all kinds of fruits, oatmeal and all those other kinds of choices that I see on my wife's plate. The food was great and they had the typical Four Seasons spot on service.
4	We had breakfast here while staying at the Four Seasons.  Everything was delicious.  I had the french toast with a side of bacon and it was absoluted devine.  The applewood smoked bacon was cooked perfectly.  The service was excellent and the restaurant itself was beautiful.  There was indoor and outdoor seating - we chose indoors.  It was not the least bit cramped and you could actually enjoy your meal and conversation without feeling as though you were eavesdropping on the people sitting nearby.The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is the price, but it was the Four Seasons, so I expected it.  Thankfully we stayed there in the middle of summer, so we got a fantastic deal on the hotel, which allowed us to splurge a bit.  Otherwise, I don't think I would have spent $60 on breakfast for 2 people.
2	Extremely disappointed with this place.  Friends recommended it, but I certainly will not.  We both ordered short rib  chile rellenos but neither one of us could find ANY meat in our dish.  Very limited wine list and very poor service.  Our waiter delivered the food but then disappeared and we had to ask a bus boy to find him to get our check.  No water refills, no asking how everything was, no asking if we would like another drink, he was just gone!  When we asked where the meat had been he didn't apologize or offer to find out what happened.  Lovely patio setting is the only reason I am giving it two stars.  Oh, and small $15 margaritas - - - come on, really?  First time my extremely generous tipping husband left no tip at all.  Certainly not a Four Seasons caliber restaurant.
4	Love their breakfasts, lunch, and dinners!  Awesome southwestern cuisine, can't be beat.  The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because I think the decor could be updated it's a bit dated.
2	Crescent moon is far, far below the usual standards of a Four Seasons hotel, and the expectations that anyone should have of dining at a Four Seasons resort, even at casual venue.The food was on the same level as I would expect from any local Tex-Mex cafe, but at twice the price.   What a let down.
