5	Thank you Flair Boutique for having the perfect gifts. You always have the most amazing finds and are always updating your inventory! I have driven by your store so many times and finally decided to stop in, I've never seen a store like this before. Carly is amazing and extremely helpful. :)
5	I love this store!  They definetly have something for everyone including a lot of things I haven't seen in other stores!  Carly and her staff were extremely friendly and I look forward to shopping their again!
5	I've stopped in again since this amazing mother/daughter store moved to their new location. The boutique is even BIGGER and didn't think possible, but... BETTER! It's more than just clothing and specialty gifts. You are certain to find something you love for yourself and/or someone else. Thanks again ladies for being so kind and helpful!
5	Wow. Just wow. This place is addicting and has an absolutely insane selection of clothing. Prepare to spend hours here if you have the time - pick out professional clothes, casual clothes, beachwear, or night-on-the-town stuff. You could find something here if you are 20 or 80, it's that diverse. I recently went to Hawaii in the fall shopping season (read: NO DRESSES ANYWHERE). I found three ridiculously cute, designer sundresses that I wouldn't have been able to find even at Nordstrom. Speaking of prices and brands - you're looking at a little higher end stuff here. Many Nordstrom type of brands (Splendid, Ella Moss, etc.) Mom and daughter own/run the store and they really bend over backwards to try and pick out clothing that meets your needs. This is a good thing - it would be very difficult to comb through all of the clothes yourself.... it's a good sized store with a TON of clothing. Great selection of jewelry, gifts (think candles and wine related stuff), fake engagement rings (I picked up a beautiful and very realistic looking one for a Central America trip!), earrings, etc. They also have these awesome bra things that are soooo comfortable and come in a ton of different colors, where you can do the "racerback" look that appears to be a camisole. Hard to explain, but I could probably use one in every color I wear them so often now.Fantastic service, handpicked stuff (that's always new, current!), locally owned - I am a huge fan and thankful to have a local place to shop!
