2	There are some serious management problems at this Qdoba. I live nearby and go here often, but only because I prefer it to the Chipotle next door and get a free drink as a college student. The line will get very long and the staff takes forever compared to Chipotle. Also, I went in once and the person at the counter said nothing the entire time and instead awkwardly pointed at things. The place is always not as clean or put together as Chipotle and I think this particular store suffers because of it. The line for Chipotle is always out the door while here it slows down so much that people leave. Please, hire at least 2 or more people for the rush times!
4	First, qdoba is delicious. Second, this particular location has free parking which is odd for a place in the city. So it gets half the stars just for that. The qdoba in Oakland has zero parking. Third, it's right next to a chipotle in case you change your mind between parking and ordering. Finally qdoba has quesso, it's delicious and the only reason I go. We can all agree that both chipotle and qdoba are magnificent and we don't need all this hate and vitriol in the burrito eating community. Burritos come from a place of love.
3	2 words Taco Tuesday!  This isn't advertised that well and who could blame them when I walked in and ordered 7 different soft tacos with chips, salsa and guacamole for $13. Every Tuesday, all day long , Qdoba offers $1.39 tacos. You can get hard or soft sell and any kind of meat except steak.  I recommend the chicken.  Their salsas are always fresh and the guacamole is delicious. The staff was friendly and they are quick with your order.  If you want a quick, cheap and tasty take-out place this is the place to go.
5	Love it here! The only Qdoba I end up visiting just because I like the people who work here so much! The food is always consistently good and the service is always quick. I love their craft 2 option! No complaints.
1	Ive been to so many qdoba's and I have never had an experience quite like this. They had terrible service....dont waste your time or money. The employees were rude and unwilling to fix a problem with my meal. I was so upset with this treatment that I will NEVER eat there again. Go to the chipotle next door...
1	Not veggie friendly.. so I've always liked Qdoba better than Chipotle, which happens to be right next door to them, but I'll definitely go to Chipotle from now on! Normally I grab food on my way to work in the evening,  but today I stopped in around 3pm..what a difference. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and get this they charge for an extra scoop of lettuce! This extra charge is not listed on the menu and it's a vegetarian burrito, what else would you put in it? Chipotle has tofu, Qdoba does not. I did not get the grilled veggies on it because they are always salty and normally I just get a lot of lettuce on it beside the rice and beans. Now it is not like I wanted a bowl of lettuce just 1 extra scoop and yes there is a charge for that. I have never been  charged extra at any other Qdoba nor at this store in the evening for lettuce. What made it even more surprising is this extra charge is not listed on the menu.  So when asked for a customer service number to file a complaint she kept insisting I call the survey number on my receipt to speak to a live person....total lie no live person just a recording so I ask her for a store manager or a districts manager 's name and she claims there isn't one that they are between district managers..Finally I gave up and searched online,  found a customer service number where an actual personal answered, got a store and a district manager's name and a promise of a return call. Being charged extra for something  like lettuce bothers me, but being lied to is unacceptable.  I could've dealt with just filing a complaint about the lettuce charge and went on with my day, but being lied to is terrible customer service. Next time I will just go to Chipotle where they don't charge for lettuce and the employees are nicer.
3	Typical Qdoba location, set up is almost exactly the same as other location.  What set this one apart from the other locations is that it was able to handle the influx flow of customers that seemed to form a line to the door.They worked efficiently to make the food as fast as they could.  The guy in the kitchen area was what really made them go so fast.  It was like he knew what was going to be going out soon and had it sitting there waiting for them when they were about to turn around.  The lady at the head of the line made it a smooth process too.  She had everything set up and was on to the next person.One of the major things that I don't like is that it seems that the portion sizes have gone down since my last endeavor to a Qdoba.  I got a naked burrito and the bowl it was in seems to have shrunk.  I was still kind of hungry afterwards.
1	If you are expecting chipotle, go find a chipotle.  This has a McDonald's feel, and is dirty.  I got a burrito the shell came right out of the plastic package cold... Cold cold cold, everything was cold... Way more expensive than chipotle and 20% the quality.  I am shocked that this place is compared to them.  I came in here because I was thinking about buying jack n the box stock... Greatly regret not going to chipotle next door.
