5	I LOVE REN FAIRES!  Big or small, I always have a good time.  This one is definitely a good size and provides lots of entertainment - jousting, parades, dancers, shows, musicians - and some awesome places to buy a corset, jacket, or any other kind of Renaissance attire you may need (read: want).I've never had any issues with this Ren Faire, which is great.  Tickets are very reasonable ($10/ea for a day, on-site price) and parking can be a bit of a search but nothing terrible and almost always free.  Definitely suggest scouting directly north of the park where the little business parks are - many patrons tend to park here.Turkey legs are $9!  Or they were in 2013.  Pretty delicious.  Beer was also reasonable - a can of Redd's was $4 or $5 and they give you a little wristband so you only have to be ID'ed once.  Perfect for us boozers!This is a great place for friends, for families and for anyone just wanting to get out in a nice environment and be around some pretty nifty costumes.  Usually there is a way to get free passes on Fridays, whether through their Facebook or a local radio station.  =)
1	This isn't a Renaissance Festival, its a flea market where people dress up.REAL Renaissance Festivals at least TRY to be historically acurate.  They don't mix centuries of dress, continents, etc.  They don't have guilds of people in body paint acting like amature bdsm wannabes.  Its expensive, (to eat and drink all day. Admission isn't much) and the entertainment is laughable. If you want to go to a REAL ren faire, save up  a little extra money and go to the Southern California Ren Faire.
3	It hurts to not give it a 5, but the set up is terrible this year, it doesn't make sense and its spread out with nothing to look at for long stretches. The food is SO overpriced, and just not as good as it used to be. The drinks are between $2 and $5, for a medium size. You are only allowed to bring in one water bottle, and no food. I was grilled over one Jolly Rancher, seriously? The booths have the same stuff which is cool, to not so cool. But this year they have a ton of stupid shit like cable, and slot machines to win a time share. Not very authentic, and down right cheesy. We usually go all three days but this year we're only going one. Health reasons, mostly, but none of us are upset. Hopefully next year will be better.
3	Well this was my first ever Renaissance fair. Although I thoroughly enjoyed myself  and thought it was a wonderful experience for some good family fun, the festival itself  could use some improvement. The positives were the sheer amount of entertainment going on. I love to people watch and it was great to see so many las vegans gathering together in their renaissance era attire having a jolly good time.  Although some costumes were a bit inappropriate  and could be compared to stripper pirates of the Caribbean,and I can't complain :), many were very well done and must have taken much time and effort to create. Also there were many shows going on at around the same time so there was always something to see, here, and do. The 15 dollar price tag was reasonable for a day of fun and the fair itself was rather larger than I had expected compared to last years piratefest. It took nearly the 5 hous to see everything which was great.However, the food was over priced. Drinks were overpriced. The array of flea market type stores were redundant. Most stores sold the exact same products, but again were over priced but despite these negatives I did manage to enjoy myself.
4	My boyfriend and I LOVE Ren Faires and decided to make the trip to Las Vegas for this faire.  We were not disappointed.  In fact, this faire was much larger than the Pleasure Faire in Irwindale, CA to our surprise.  There were a lot of vendors, lots of guilds set up for wandering through.  I did notice the "players" didn't engage us the way they do at the Pleasure Faire, which was a bummer.  Also, Sunset Park doesn't have nearly enough parking and parking attendants weren't very helpful in directing us when all the lots were full.  There weren't good directional signs to the entrance either, but we managed to find it after our hike from the off site parking place we found.  It was a beautiful day, although quite warm.  We'll go again, and maybe plan to stay into the evening, but will need to figure out the parking situation if we do.  I can't imagine where late comers ended up parking.It was a lot of fun, and too bad it's only for 1 weekend.
3	$15 adult general admissionParking was crazy---I suggest you get there early. I saw some people coming from the opposite strip mall parking lot (McD's side); that is how bad it was. We had a ways to go walking-wise, which would be alright, but the temps were pretty unseasonably high. It took us about 6 attempts to find a parking lot with spaces available.It was pretty much 85% vendors selling specialty costumes (at really high prices, examples: elf ears up to $60, full costumes were $99, one period shirt was $32), and other related time period items and about 15% food/drink vendors. Even though we saw it once, we went back around to see if there was anything interesting in the vendor area.Shade under the trees in the middle of the food vendors, if you were lucky enough to enjoy your meal there. We squeezed in, well we have a young one, and we didn't want him overheating. Some prices were high for some food items (turkey leg for $11), but there were lots of choices in the mid-range level, example, fried rice at one thai place was $6.00 for a bowl. At the same thai place, thai tea was $2.00 which is very good. At sit-down thai restaurants, usually run about $3.99. The jousting was very cool; seeing the beautiful horses was the best part of that, for me. There were two covered bleacher areas (got packed really quick). The main guy was talking about his military background and MMA fighting history; it was neat to hear about the participants being placed nationally (sorry, forgot about the ranking). There was another show, but that was later in the day.   The gild procession around the water (ducks & birds) was really neat to see- that was my favorite part. Some people had some pretty cool costumes. Other didn't complete their outfits with proper footwear (nikes?). This we witnessed before lunch time. And also, should mention that some attendees were in full costume, as well. This would be the "nerds" my hubby refers to. I'm not gonna lie, if I thought it would be comfortable, I could've worn one of my costumes (I love Halloween and have over a dozen in my closet.) But no, it was HOT. We went around to see the rest of the "villages" but missed seeing the camels (found about the camels from my sister, who went the day before us, we went on the last day, sunday). There were other attractions (extra fee), but thought it was a little old for our little guy. Also, there were a couple music venues, but we couldn't partake because someone would want to move on (our little one likes being active). On the Portapotties, jeez, really, really gross, but I had to go (otherwise I would've skipped it). I just put more toilet paper over the mess (this is a tip) so as not to get any nasty bacterial backsplash action when I was going (shudders).  The rest of Sunset Park was fenced off to create a separation. Hubby wanted to take our little man over to the playground part.   Just like the other themed fairs, seems a little pricey, but glad we finally went to it (it was my 1st time ever going). My husband and mother-in-law said that it was really very different when they went to it, years ago.
3	We hadn't been to this faire for a few years, but since I have become such an avid fan of my favorite pirate band, attendance is now mandatory.We were planning on going for both days, so Babygirl and I made our initial appearance on Saturday night.  We headed down Sunset and saw a car leaving from the little parking lot out front, so we figured we'd better grab it since it appeared that our vision of thinned-out crowds after dark was not to be. What a mistake. This particular entrance turned out to be on the opposite side of  the park to the Faire. Not only that, when we finally arrived at the gate we were told it was only an exit, and ticket sales were strictly at the east entrance. Doh! So, we hiked on around. Tickets were $15, which is not unreasonable as it is a fairly large event, but there was no discount for arriving at the end of the day, AND, there no in-and-out privileges. SERIOUSLY?? How hard is it to scrape up a rubber stamp?They were in one-star territory at this point, because it was clear that there was no parking left at this entrance, either., but when we walked through the gate, it was actually kind of enchanting. Amazing what soft grass and night air lit by glowing booths and tents with the sounds of laughter and lute music in the background can do to calm your ruffled nerves.They had a lot of merchandise, which is standard, food vendors, small stages with a variety of acts in progress, and a pretty large jousting arena. They had a little map of the area which we couldn't read, and it didn't hurt that the costumed guy we pulled aside to ask directions was too sexy for his own good. Like something off the cover of a bodice-ripper (but not Fabio. Eeew).Much to our (ok, MY) chagrin, the stage we wanted to get to was all the way around that damned little lake in the middle of the park. Why?!  There was plenty of room on the side we were on and no reason to spread things out that far and make so accessibility difficult. However, once we got there, it was easy to survive since it was near the actual park restrooms, vendors selling Indian tacos and roasted corn on the cob, and, wait for it... the reason they're getting an ok rating from me: A truck selling 16 oz cans of pear cider for $4.00!!! That is not a misprint; and if you've ever gone to the SoCal faire and got one of those 4 oz cups for $9, you know it's a freaking miracle!Huzzah!And, once my Dread Crew started playing, I was going to be happy no matter what. However, they were on a raised stage with no seating in front. You had to sit back on the park picnic benches which kind of drug down the experience.When we left, my knee was killing me so I guilted Babygirl into trotting after the car and bringing it around to me. I waited in the back (also completely full) parking lot, and even though the faire was closing, not one car left, so that was not a viable option for the future, either. I chatted with the guard, who informed me that a lot of the performers and vendors camp there for the weekend, and late at night there is a lot of drunken revelry and public nudity. Now, we who are not blind know that most of these folks don't look good with their clothes on (Mr. Sexy being a notable exception), so I sure didn't want to be stuck there when that crap started going down. Guess I could have just launched a counter offensive (VERY offensive) by disrobing myself, but fortunately Babygirl pulled up and we made our escape. We decided it was too much of  a pain in the butt to return on Sunday, but I did learn that they have a free shuttle running from the parking lot of a nearby high school, so if we go next year, we will definitely give it a try.3 stars for a mixture of horrible and just fine. Buy a goddamned rubber stamp.
5	A friend working at the festival told me that this has been the biggest Renaissance festival to date and I think he may be right! The whole event took place around the lake in Sunset Park so there was plenty of room to wander around on a beautiful October day. You can take a pirate boat ride while sipping on a cup of mead, if that is what you fancied. Other wise, you can stroll around and shop at all the vendor stalls, see the various shows, or just cozy up in one of those tents whose occupants may belong to certain guilds - and that was exactly what I did! I met so many great people in these tents, heard the stories while being educated on various weapons and headgear. I love these guilds and I think I might join a guild and camp there next year!Also, you can't go to a Renaissance faire and not have a turkey leg. Make sure you go get yourself one if you go!!! Oh, and bring a nice big scarf or blanket if you plan on staying late into the evening. There are acts performing at various stage and there were fire breathing acts around 8-9 pm at one of the stages.
